My Amie Fort Lauderdale
Sports Radio 560
WQAMI Amie Fort Lauderdale presents the theft of Neil Rogers
No live calls will be taken today. Neil is on tape. Okay, that's for many years, but he's not here
Please don't call. The opinion served on the Neil Rogers show are those of the hosting callers and do not necessarily reflect the views of easily
Acquisitions or the BC broadcast group its management or anyone else for that matter. Never remember this is the theft of Neil do not call
Just relax and enjoy on 560 QAM
Man in chains just the way I like him and then this morning
I'm coming to work and I'm over there in plantation which by the way I'll get to plantation
I would like to report right now that I believe that there's a sugar in a wood pile of sin plantation
And the call we had from the cop last week on his show and now we have this plantation this big thing
This is step campaign starting today by the way which I'll get into the selective enforcement traffic enforcement program step as in step on this
That call was from some porker over there in plantation is what it was all about because this article in yesterday's paper
Which I appreciate somebody bringing to my attention by the way
This is a carbon copy of that phone call we got last week
They're trying to condition us to doing this and doing a meantime
I'll come back from the track last night and come west on sunrise Boulevard off the turn bike as always and there are people
I'm going it's 45 of the speed limit. Okay. I'm going 50 52 whatever which is a little bit over people are going by me as always
70 75 miles an hour on sunrise Boulevard and I say you people need mental help including you
You're telling me that you were one of those people going 70 miles an hour on sunrise last night well 6570
I don't usually do 17 until I get on you know poem mental help
I just keep on you. Okay. There's nobody else on the road. I bet you okay. I don't want any
I wonder one that the guy's talking about that wants to make it up as you go along
There's nobody else on the road. You're gonna go 70 on a residential street. That's nice
We know that 400 just gets away from me. Yeah, I know it's you know, I'm lucky. I only drive it in Corvette
That can only go 165 miles an hour. You got that big powerful for runner
I mean I can't compare with that a lot of rumors about this station by the way we'll get into that
So anyway getting back to this thing well first of all there's all these rumors
Before I get into the thing about the plantation porkers
There are massive rumors about this place being sold this radio station or maybe I'm not sure if it's just this station or if it's a
Kiss in the power 96 also all three of them the beasley properties and what we have to say that is oh
My god are we praying we got our legs crossed we got our eyes crossed we got our fingers crossed
We got our nostrils crossed. I mean then we're on a cross
I'm rubbing my rosary beads right now. I'm gonna lay some to fill in whatever else I can get my hands on any any kind of it
We're gonna rub the Buddha on the head. Hey listen
Well sooner or later we'll get the leprechaun and the rub his head to a little bit
We'll get some lucky god damn charms is what we'll do anything that might make that come true
Oh god would that be something?
Halle Luia set us free please whoever you are out there the rumored buyers
Which I don't want to say too much about it because once these things start leaking out you can screw it all up
So I don't want to say too much, but the rumors are running rampant
You don't think that's the reason that we're just kind of sitting here like in limbo because you know that nobody who's a real
Broadcaster in their right mind would be running this place this way
So maybe that's so what really is in the wind here not that I want to get anybody paranoid and psychotic
It works for beasley read being such an upstanding company like they are
Oh, man
Any rate this ties in so directly not that I'm paranoid
But it ties in so exactly with that militant psychotic call that we had on this show last Friday or Thursday
I guess it was Friday and it was in yesterday's scum Sentinel or right on the heels of that
Conversation plantation where I just happened to live and have for many years now plantations break BRAK with tradition
Police departments planned a halt motorist to ignore traffic laws
I want you to listen to this because even if you don't live in plantation
This should give you an idea of the mentality that we're dealing with here motorists who drive through the city of plantation should be extra careful to obey the law of this month
Starting Tuesday meeting today the plantation police department will clamp down on drivers who ignore speed limits
One red lights tailgate don't wear seat belts
Don't signal or otherwise break the rules of the road patrol officers in police cruisers and under cover vehicles
Will be armed with radar and ticket books along all major roadways and school zones in the city air v driver
They see no some of this air v driver. They see breaking the law will get a warning many will receive tickets
Starting today if you violate a traffic law you're going to be stopped and police captain Keith
Hylgen felt who overseas the department's road patrol and motorcycle officers the month-long sting dub these no as thing
It's a thing they're stinging it you feel it they're stinging it dub the selective traffic enforcement program step
How clever is aimed at discouraging careless driving and decreasing the city's high accident rates
Plantation log more than three thousand motor vehicle accidents in
1997 according to sergeant Frank Rabino of these more than 480 resulted in injuries
We had 15 fatalities in 1996 and six last year that is outrageous
Kylgen felt said how do you like that?
He said not only was it unacceptable. It was absolutely outrageous. That's what he said
We have a problem and we intend to address that problem
Rabino said far too high percentage of drivers choose to drive in any manner they desire is this all starting to I want you to listen to the
Verbiage here far too high a percentage of drivers choose to drive in any manner they desire with a belief that there was a low risk for
Enforcement in many cases
Hylgen felt said the people who complain the loudest about terrible drivers are the same ones who later get ticketed
Police chief C.E. Sonny Sherrod Jr said the point is not to see how many tickets we can write for revenues or statistics
But to educate the hope is that once people get used to driving safely along the city's major road
They will maintain their good driving habits on smaller residential streets after nabbing violators to the next three to four
Weast plans police plan to reinstate the program several times the year end of quote end of story if that doesn't sound like a
Carbon copy of the conversation we had with that militant obnoxious disgusting pork around Friday on the show
I mean almost word for word is what it sounds like to me
And of course it's only a coincidence because I happen to live in plantation and guess what I'm not wearing no seatbelt
I'm going on the year right here with that now today. I am not wearing a seatbelt see that whole seatbelt law
Is like telling me what kind of toilet paper I have to wipe my ass with it's not your business
What I'm doing inside that car unless it affects the way that I drive and by the way wearing a seatbelt
And I've tried it does affect the way that I drive that's romantically. Yeah, when you have a big size
That's right. That's exactly correct and if they want I'll get a note from my doctor
And I'm very positive I have several doctors will be more than happy to write a note saying like an excuse from school
Because I got a head cold today that I'm fat pig and that right and I have diabetes and I blood pressure in this and that and whatever else
And occasional hemorrhoids and as a result I'm cannot wear that seatbelt and if you guys don't have anything better do an addition to
Which the last time I check pulling somebody over only for not wearing a seatbelt isn't legal in the state of Florida
You have to be violating some other
Traffic law before they can pull you over for that is the way I understand it like I could be wrong about that
Now maybe we'll start pulling people over for passing on the right to look on sunrise now
I applaud I'm all for pulling over dangerous drivers
People who are running red lights people are running stop signs not maybe like not making a complete stop
But people are running stop signs people speeding in school zone
I'm coming this morning to work out here on the honeyhill road
And I'm slowing down now the granted those lights haven't worked since we had the big storm a couple of weeks ago
But any jackass can see what those see those people with the other with the straps the orange straps on standing on the corners
Helping the little kids across the street those traffic whatever they call them that means they're school in session and the signs is very clearly
School zone 8 to 9 a.m. And I'm coming here 25 to 9 or 29 this morning
And I'm slowing down to my 15 miles an hour and there's this big a
Schwarz are in a big truck behind me and this guy's like practically pushing me because he's so pissed off because I'm going 15 miles an hour right on the
Dot well, it's a school zone you asshole and there's people speeding through there
I didn't see no big getting any tickets of course people go in 70 miles an hour on sunrise like I said 80 miles an hour on
Sunrise and Broward Boulevard people running those lights that I've been talking about forever and of course this business
They're going to be equipped with radar and ticket books
Well, that sounds like more the same to me and if you have art
You know, why don't you get the speed limits like on hiatus?
They're up to where they belong like 45 instead of 35 and then none of us would have who are it all responsible
But have any problem with that but it's very obvious to me that some of those speed limits are said artificially low so that they can do what they've been doing for years
Maybe that's why they have so many fatalities and so many accidents if they haven't been doing a good job of getting the really dangerous
Drivers off the road and they're sitting there with too many goddamn speed traps. What a concept in plantation, huh?
What a concept and sitting around by my house a couple of blocks away off the under of trees under Malaluka trees
Waiting to see if all four wheels on your car came to a full stop
But he came to that stop sign and maybe some of those trees got trimmed back by the way
So you could see absolutely clear in every direction there. Maybe that might be a little help too
Instead of having big branches of trees hanging out in the middle of the street
So you couldn't see somebody coming if you're like dependent on it at certain intersections
But this sounds like a militant that sounds exactly like this porker that called here and it was on a browered line
By the way, and I'd be willing to bet a lot of money if I could get my bed in which I doubt
But if you willing a lot of a little bit a lot of money that it was the same porcupine that this whole thing is an offshoot of this show
Wouldn't surprise the hell out of me. We're gonna show you you faggot
We're gonna show you a thing or two and we'll hang out there right in it
And by the way if you also want to help save some life how about it's really nice the city of plantation
Finally got that light up there at 118th Avenue and sunrise Boulevard
But you know something it's been up there for weeks and all it does is splash and flash it flashes yellow and it flashes red
That's all it does it doesn't change anything
It's no different than it was before because there are stop signs on the north end of
118th and summer and the south and on both sides of that intersection
So if you would put that light in the motion put it into a work put it get it working and
Make it a regular stoplight with like a you know like a real red light would certainly help the control traffic and also stop people
Try to pull out of there and make a left turn and get and killed
But I realize I understand we're pushing a little bit too hard
You want us you want to make us obedient not a case of writing business
We want to make you obedient like the guy so we want to condition you to doing things right right
Like you're going to condition dangerous drivers and truck and drivers into doing things right okay
Let's try Miramar hello
Yes, sir. All right. Oh my god that radio yesterday was bad
I thought it was my radio thank god. It's only your signal. Yeah, it sounded like the radio. What means thank God
It's only my signals in that grade
Anyway about the poor girl situation. I hope first on the list are these cops when they're off duty and in their private cards that drive around
No, they're not gonna sir. Well, what do you wait in your time with it?
They're not going to be first on the list. They're not going to be on the list
They're not gonna be on the list. You know that and their family members that just because they have one of those little badges on their
Tag means that they can drive any way they want well
That's all part of a that whole thing that that whole fraternal order of police business and all that the stuff you put on the bumper
I mean if people really don't get stopped because they weren't at stuff
That's one of the biggest hoaxes in this remand kind that asshole that called you last week is probably
I had the top of the list of the guys that drive around and leave in between traffic and how do you know that?
Because they were all like that these cops
Yeah, that's it. They think they're above the law
But they don't have to abide by it. Okay, have a great day pal. Here's Miami. Hello. Yeah, hi
According to the law as turned on
January 1st at that anyone that doesn't have to be felt on
Cookie pulled over without doing something else. It just started this year. Well, isn't that great?
Yeah, because when I had to go to traffic school back on
January 7th and I brought that point up and the guys are on that anymore January 1st
If you're caught without a seat belt, if you caught without a seat belt, you have to get that one little petty thing
Oh, I got it to do I better go out and buy some shaman today because I don't think I got the right kind of toilet paper my house either
There you go. Thanks for the good news and in closing. Yes, can I shame this question? Yeah, the Japanese are called in
Chinese don't get the judge in the Chinese the Chinese don't get to put a chicken in the armor there
Will you all right? Okay, I'll work on it. Thanks
No portion of this broadcast may be reproduced without the express written permission of WQ am easily read acquisition court
I was right
trained
Oh
When she got it
It's just a fight with hold her
I
Was more than happy
Now this more I'd like to do I
Want to give her but she won't let me
I want to it
I want to hold her
More
I want to get there but she won't let me
When she returns she said she was an actress
She showed me an album a picture of her opening
She's been
So
I want to give her
I want to
I want to hold her
Close doors and doors
I want to get there but she won't let me
Well, I'll never forget the dream right down to all things
We're saved of faith and we shared our tales
But as my heart flies to leave her behind
Regrets are all I find
So that
God can stand her
in the end
I want to give her but she won't let me
I want to live her
We've never lived in a dream
I want to hold her
in her
Close doors and doors
I want to get there but she won't let me
You know there was a time that all that long ago a few years ago we couldn't play that on the year
It was one of our censored pieces of material what does that tell you and that leads right in its segways right in this box which is a
A new one we had this story yesterday in Texas about the t-shirt another habitual t-shirt violator this one in Ocala
Jury selection began Monday in the trial of a 24-year-old Florida man a trial
They're having a trial over this okay charged with obscenity over a t-shirt featuring a bear-breasted nun and
Calling Jesus a profane name
How do you like that a bear-breasted nun probably this their married Catherine that sums it all up I guess
Record store clerk Andrew Love was wearing a division a record store clerk wearing a new t-shirt promoting the British death metal band
Cradle of filth in November when security offers it no calis shopping mall told him to turn the garment inside out or leave
Before he was able to reverse the shirt Ocala police showed up arrested him and confiscated the shirt the shirt shows a bear-breasted woman
And a nuns habit reaching between her legs on the back are the words Jesus is a using the crude term for female genitalia the seaweed
I know it's offensive love said since when it is against the law to be offensive love
Continued the shirt was not obscene the prosecutor Steve Rogers no relation. Thank God disagreed
Love was never jailed on the mr. Beener charge was released on his own reconnaissance if convicted
He could be fine a thousand dollars in sentence to a year in jail along with all those other habitual like pot smokers
Probably Lord a law defines obscenity is something the average person believes would appeal the way perian shameful or morbid
Interest something is obscene if it depicts or describe sexual material in a patently offensive
Oh here we go with this again and lacks serious literary artistic political side to the value
Which means that none of those postcards that they sell the Amsterdam on street corners out in the public would they be able to sell here
Of course like the ones that has showed the Pope sitting on the throne taking a dump in this community meaning Ocala
The t-shirt is definitely political said loves attorney Jim Reich
He said the case had sparked an outcry from fans of cradle a filled civil libertarians and those are the anarchistic bent
Reich argued loves arrest amounted to unlawful prior restraint because police officers determined on their own that the t-shirt was obscene
Merri and county judge Sandra Edward Stevens rejected that argument and opening statements were expected to start in the case today
Another habitual t-shirt violator so don't give me no sign of dance about American first amendment rights because we don't have any
That's what it boils down to we have the word police. We have the bumper sticker police
We have the workplace now. We got the goddamn t-shirt police remember in Hollywood not too many years ago in mayor
Galantia had the t-shirt police arresting about young people in Hollywood Beach
First of all why would young people want to be in Hollywood Beach anyway with all the old frogs?
But number two they were wearing t-shirts that said disgusting things which were like by the way of paledons who insignificant compared that one
So there you go with some more good police work in America as the you hear the boots stopping all over the place, baby
So those rumors must be right this they must be planning on I'm loading this joint. Oh, it's all over the place
I heard a rumor on the radio just a little while ago the Q.A. M. is being sold. That's what I hear. Oh my god
You listen no mad there is no way that I could convey to this audience how desperately we George and I and many others
But I'll speak for ourselves how we pray that that's true
Pray is then understanding. I like I said I'll turn to religion. I'll become born again
I'll be I'll put on my white shirt in the tie and ride a bicycle. I'll do anything. Okay. That's right
I'll even put on that magic underwear. I don't give a crap anything at this point just to try to bring that to fruition and make it a reality
Because these people here man, I am they are
Clueless. It's not like they're a little bit off there way off in La La land
There's so far removed from anything that has to do with radio broadcasting that it's like we're talking about a Chinese freaking laundry
And they could even screw that up and I forgot that Chinese restaurant
But if he hangs on I'll get around with just hang with me pal one of these days. I'll play it here's Tamarack. Hello
Oh, Nioh. Yes, sir. Yeah, I'm responding to the article that you just read about the t-shirt. Yes, sir
Yeah, I was working in plantations seven years ago
Near the corner that you talk about a lap. I was a little out of university
Uh-huh
Right near the footstep of the other crop saying out right and the guy I was working for
Why will this pretty good we had a lot of escape t-shirts and we got the word that there had been a
Oh my god, huh? Yeah, and we got a complaint from one of the cops that said a woman had called and they were gonna come down
And they were going to you know confiscate the shirt and so forth
Yeah, cuz they probably wanted to give away his gifts to their girlfriends
But anyway
Oh my god
I told the boss I said just leave the shirts out there and let the ships fly where they may and where they're left
That's a good ball where they may right exactly
But if he could phone with any any any uh- took the t-shirts down and came in because he didn't want any patterns
I was I was willing to let it go out the way
Yeah, I'm sure
But you see all that you know, I figured the first amendment would protect me, but I get all right
I guess you're in a dream world man. You're at La La Land. There's no first amendment
It's an arbitrary thing the cops make it up as they go along
We find that and that's offensive. That's obscene. Okay. We got the right means we're just
You don't want even that was scary, you know
I could compare to what you're talking about
But it was decided through that
You just mentioned
And it's interesting enough is your development plantation the cops are doing really good because they at least took their fath
And they know what's going to happen. Yeah, and they've been very friendly to us
But those are what you talk about that. We've got the coffee of that space. Right. Oh, they sure do well
I make a good cup of coffee. I'll tell you that definitely okay. Congratulations sir
And I'm just responding and I'm glad you cleaned up your act
We got the dirty language t-shirt police going out baby. You have to be kidding me. What the hell are you doing in?
What are you doing in Amsterdam?
And you know yes, I love this apartment. We have it. You're welcome to use it
We are we are one block from the marijuana hash
You see where which means we're a half a block from the red light
You're damn windows closed for Christ. I saw you need to do is get the munchies. That'll be the end of you
You don't need any assistance. Neil. I want you to use this place. I love it. I love Amsterdam
It took six days to get a phone
Yeah, but it is wonderful the food's great the bakery is no fish food lunch that I'm no no
I just want to send you loving kisses and I that way here will be back in New York when they in Florida
And I want you to use the apartment it would be it would be a joy to share this. Oh, I definitely will you got it and
How's the weather there now?
It's not too bad 56 degrees
Surprise because it's a very warm winter. Yeah, but it's such a civilized town
We're on by the way, I just I wouldn't I you very like me rarely do you make a mistake
But I watched you know one of the tapes you sent me with the excerpts from mid-night glue
One where you were talking about Amsterdam. What a great country it is
Amsterdam is a city not a country. I don't want to be confused in Netherlands. Holland. It's got two names
But last time I checked Amsterdam was only a city
But you know only that we had a country the whole country would be like that. I know
But with a joint in my mouth. I didn't care. Yeah, that's true
How do you feel and most of that movie? I'd see your mouth on something else, but I don't want to get under it
We don't I'll be back in town next week up to see you
In fact, that's when I had a relapse. I was feeling pretty good
And then I put that video in just to see what it was all about and watch watching you apply that tongue and sir
I mean oh watch the little dancing having any kind of a sexual experience is such a gross out
You lose your appetite for months
He's never heard his bit
Wait a minute wait a minute you never you never heard just a second
You're talking when you listen. That's a gay club you moron. You're looking for glory hole. No, the guy to dumping
I know mr. Al Goldstein
Presents the art of taking a dump oh
What I like to do is place a TV tray in front of me when I go
gives me a way of expediting the food I enjoy
I have my corn flakes today
Corn is going. It goes right through
It also helps to have a few pictures that glory are learning around
But what I truly enjoy is the luxury of bathroom acoustics. I always keep the karaoke machine nearby
This way I can enjoy the acoustics when I sing
Fart and open and splat and sploop and
spewing and spraying and straining my heart
Don't care if it's real or a fog
So when you have to make
Don't hold it
When I gotta do
And move it best doing it
I'm trying to be here and if I feel good when I'm broke that can help me
That's a healthy
How do you like that that's wonderful Neil what a great tribute to Al Goldstein next week
I'll see you at the track maybe I'll win some money fat rich stole 200 dollars. Oh, he never give me
I never give the money back
Okay, deal. Thank you very yourself. Okay. Go smoke some for us. Al Goldstein and I'm stood on talk about dangerous
Or at least they don't have any good food there he'll find it
So something else is out, yeah
Yeah
Hello? Hello? Can you hear me? Yeah? You got a restaurant for sale? Huh? How much you want for the salt? Well you come over and look at it and talk to the boss. I come over and maybe eat dinner with you. Okay. Does a duck price include all the walks? Huh? Huh?
What? What do you want? Chinese. Yeah Chinese. Okay you come over to the boss.
To the boss? Yeah? I'm going to the boss. Huh? Yeah? I'm going to the boss. Okay. How about I get all the food going to the boss? Okay. Okay. What do you want?
Huh? Uh what's going on? Joe Shane. Joe. Joe. Joe? Do you want a shot square? Yeah. What's something going on? Huh? How about that, Jo?llele. Oh boy.
I turn out better than the others.
Neil, you begin to get a lot of tickets
like everybody else.
The speed traps and I just got three of them.
I've been doing what?
Getting a lot of tickets.
No, I have not.
I haven't had a ticket in years.
Well, you talk about it a lot.
Yeah.
I talk about it a lot because I don't think
that that's law enforcement is having speed traps.
That's not law enforcement.
I agree with you.
I get them all the time.
But what would you say if I gave you a suggestion
how you yourself could change the system?
Yeah.
If you would promote, because you
know it's never going down the road and see a speed trap.
And somebody in the opposite direction
has a headlight on blinking in warning hand.
Which is against the law, by the way.
It is?
How about just putting your headlight on?
Well, that's OK.
But if you would promote something like that.
I mean, it's against the law, but we all should be doing it.
I always have promoted that.
It is.
And the cop, that's the cop will put you over
and give you a ticket for that, too, by the way.
They get very pissed off if you do that.
What was that broken though?
Make this cake and give it ticket because they feel like a
life down.
Well, who knows?
I have no idea.
Because you're screwing with their game,
don't you understand?
They resent that.
That's why they resent me.
Because I've been talking for weeks now about the silly
stop sign police implantation and about the radar traps
on hiatus road.
So now they're taking it out on me.
And now they're going to take it out on everybody else.
Because they're pissed off over there.
Somebody peed in their coffee at the food spot, I guess.
Yeah.
I don't know how.
For as long as I can remember on this show,
we've done these pig reports where people call in
and they tell us wherever there are speed traps.
We put it right on the air.
That's the best thing that I can do and we will continue
doing it.
How would they be able to give you a ticket though,
just for putting a headlight on?
You're asking me?
Who knows?
All I know is that they do threaten.
They have pulled people over.
They make them psychotic because for whatever reason,
they say that you're not supposed to do that.
Just like they say that you're supposed to wear the seatbelt
and they say that you're not supposed to pick your nose
with the index finger of your right hand only your left.
Have a great taste, sir.
Put on my seatbelt yesterday when I left here
for the first time in a long time,
just to see what it was like wearing a seatbelt.
I don't like it.
I hate it.
Very constricting.
It's very uncomfortable.
But of course in this town since most people are,
see, this is like they got a call from Massachusetts yesterday
about what Jerry Williams did a radio years ago
and he got the seatbelt law repealed
the federal government intimidated them
and made him put it back in, reinstate the law.
The government's got no business, sweetheart,
telling you what to do inside your car.
Any more than they have to tell you what to do inside
your house.
The only thing they can tell you what to do inside your house
is you don't like beat up your pet or your kids
or your wife or anybody else
because that affects somebody else.
And just like the example I used yesterday,
the government told you what kind of toilet paper
you got a user which hand to wipe with,
it's no different.
Oh, but it's for your safety.
No, it's not for your safety.
It's just another way that you give up freedom
and let the government intrude where they have no business.
How about letting the government send inspectors
to your house at night to see who's doing what in the bedrooms,
huh?
I don't see a hell of a lot of difference.
It's none of their business.
It's insurance company bull crap.
It's revenue raising bull crap
and you cops and plantation I got news for you.
I'm wearing my seatbelt, aren't I?
I hear, yes I am.
And I understand I wasn't even homeless.
Then I understand there was a plantation
porkers parked right in the corner
and find pulled somebody over for a,
not coming to a full stop at the stop sign there
right by my house, right by the house.
What a coincidence.
Doesn't phase me in the least
and this obnoxious arrogant prick
that called issue on Friday
and I wouldn't be surprised if it's this Hylgen felt guy
because his quotes, you know,
the more I read I got this one little column
from yesterday's store Monday's paper
and the more I read it is one line.
In many cases Hylgen felt said
the people who complain the loudest
about terrible drivers are the same ones
who later get ticketed.
Who could he be referring to?
Yeah.
Yeah, who is he referring to?
The people who complain the loudest about bad drivers?
Who is that?
You open your window.
Do you hear anybody out there complaining?
Later get ticketed.
See, I hate to break the news to you, Sergeant,
whatever your name is,
Captain Sergeant, no time for Sergeant,
but I happen to be a damn good driver
and a safe and responsible driver
and even though I got a car that'll go very, very fast,
I drive very, very fast.
And yes, I do resent when people go by.
I mean, there are a couple of things
that really piss me off.
Number one, when I'm trying to go close to the speed limit
and somebody is right on my ass,
tailgating because they're trying to push me
because I'm not going fast enough to suit them.
And if I'm speeding, if I'm going seven miles over the speed limit,
they're right on my ass because I'm not going fast enough for them,
I'm not getting a ticket to make them happy, okay?
Tough crap.
If you want to pass me around two WLL lines,
go right ahead and take your chances, baby,
but I'm not speeding up to make you happy.
And the other thing is when I'm going like 52 and a 45 on sunrise,
and some asshole like George goes by me 75 miles
and I'll run sunrise, Boulevard,
that really frosts my ass.
I go with the flow.
I was only going to the...
Nobody else is on the road.
Five, where I'm going 70 on the turnpike
where the speed limit is 65.
And that's about what I drive around 70 and a 65,
nothing wrong with that.
And somebody goes by me go to 95 miles an hour
and I never, ever see any of those people get...
It pisses me off because those people are a menace.
You people are crazy.
And yes, you should be getting tickets,
but the problem is they're not the ones who get the tickets, baby.
The ones who get the speeding tickets are the ones
that get caught in all these little radar traps that we set up.
So don't give me a song and a dance about you're trying to save lives,
you're trying to condition people.
The drunks continue driving drunk and getting their licenses back
and the chronic high speeders continue driving 85, 90, 100 miles an hour.
And you know it and I know it.
So go freshen up the coffee at the food spot and plantation
and cut the crap because you're not fooling me,
you're not fooling anybody else,
and you're sure as hell not intimidated me,
you can make as many phone calls to this show as you want,
doesn't phase me in the least.
But I'll be wearing my seatbelt.
Slow down and plantation, by the way.
You don't want to get no tickets and buckle up your seatbelt
and make a full stop and sit there for about half an hour to stop sign
and guess what they still don't have the light working at 118th Avenue
and sunrise Boulevard.
The light's still flashing there, useless, useless as teats on a caterpillar.
That's how worthwhile that light is there.
But oh, we don't want to want all these vitality.
Well, and how about getting that light working, okay?
And one thing I will say since I do a grid of credit,
where credit is doing, see one of the reasons
they're ticked off the plantation cups is they had a great
thing going there for months.
Even back when we were still on the air in Paxon,
remember I used to talk about that 30 mile an hour thing,
the construction thing on sunrise,
and they would just sit there right in the bus.
And really you had no way of knowing where it stopped
and where it started.
That's one of the famous scams with construction zones.
Is you really can't be sure where it stops and where it ends?
And there was no reason for their most days
to even days when there was no construction going on 30 miles an hour.
So they're upset because they finally did a great construction job there.
And you know, there was some inconvenience to those of us who live out there,
and West Broward, but you know something?
They did a hell of a job, the DOT or whoever it is,
you know, we rarely give anybody credit.
They did a fine job.
And sunrise, Boulevard now is a wide six lane highway out there,
all the way to where the arena is going to be.
It's a Mahaya man, nice job guys.
All they got to do is put the reflectors down.
That'll be all done.
And fix that, stop, light and make it work.
But that's one of the reasons that they got to do all this other business
is because that was it.
That was like shooting fish in a barrel man.
That was a piece of cake.
Who's going to be going 30 miles an hour on a four lane,
a big four or five lane, whatever the hell was at the time, highway.
Especially on a road where George is going 70 miles an hour.
There's the one you want to get after is George Rodriguez.
Okay, are you plantation porkers and wherever else in sunrise, you're driving?
Where is it?
For Lauderdale, what part of sunrise?
Like university in sunrise?
Yeah, plantation.
There you go.
There's one for you.
In his beige Toyota four runner, okay?
He's going 70 miles an hour.
That's a big one.
What?
It's desert, dude.
It's a puse.
License number.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah, never mind me.
Yesterday I'm driving home on the after all this,
Hock and a China go about these cops and all this bull crap.
And I'm driving home on the turnpike.
And here's an asshole in a green van.
And he's like, I'm in the middle lane on the turnpike.
He's in the left hand lane.
He's about to go by me, but of course he sees the car.
Obviously he knows what it is.
And now he hits the brake and he sits out there and he kind of backs up.
And like he's looking over my shoulder.
Was that wearing my seatbelt?
No.
No, I was not.
But I am wearing my seatbelt now.
All you plantation porkers, I don't want to give you an easy target.
Oh, and then the new product.
It's just a sash.
It looks like a seatbelt and you just put it on and sit down.
And it looks like that.
That's not a new product.
Oh, it's not?
No, it's not.
Oh, sorry.
See if I'd have called that.
No, when do I get one of those?
Yeah, you get one.
Not only does he go 70 miles an hour on sunrise right in the middle of plantation
there by university and his pusa desert doing the four runner.
He's also advocating while lawbreakers.
He's the one.
Not me.
I'm the safe driver.
He in fact, rich showed the two maniacs.
There's a man that drives 90 miles an hour in the school zone.
That's how fast he goes.
This man is out of control.
The fat man.
Well, he's fat.
He's got a heavy foot, which by the way, my foot is still killing me.
I think I need acupuncture from that crack.
Proctologist knows magnets that I talked about the first day I came back out of here.
Here it's the end of February coming up now.
And the bottom of my right heel is still a no different, no change.
Not getting worse, not getting any better.
Nothing in there.
They x-rayed, nothing in there.
And of course, that's great podiatrist over there.
Cleveland Clinic.
Nice chatting with your pal.
Nice knowing that Jeff Clark is your brother-in-law, but nothing.
Oh yeah, when you're going to do the stretch and exercise, yes, stretch this.
Still the same.
Maybe I can get an acupuncturist to come in here.
Do you think so?
Do they do acupuncture on your foot?
What?
Yeah, I guess.
Because your foot is like, you know, canless.
It's hard.
I mean, that's supposed to make a difference.
Really?
It's not supposed to hurt.
It's not supposed to hurt.
Oh, I see.
But it doesn't.
It's not supposed to hurt when the plantation cops beat the crap out of you.
Either next time you go in 70 miles an hour, but it will.
This is Sports Radio 560 QAF.
Only one South Florida radio station has the hammer.
And you're listening to it.
And go over weekday afternoons at two Sports Radio 560 QAF.
Or I think I'm going to start talking sports.
Maybe we'll take a week and I'll just talk sports for one week and see if we can search
for one caller that has any clue what they're talking about.
Just amazing to me.
Just an ongoing, just words, just verby.
It's baby crap.
And like George Sedrida-BreakTV said, it's baby crap.
And that's the exact expression to use for baby crap, like all these people calling
him like, this is something that's meaningful in anybody's life who showed up at the White
House yesterday.
Not to the Iraqi ambassador show up to see if we're going to avoid a war over there.
Not if the president's lawyer showed up to see if he's going to want to be in a pizza
or not, but did all of the Marlins show up there at the White House yesterday?
This is important for Virginia.
Miami.
Hello.
Danielle.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I got a question for you.
Yeah.
Just talking about your anniversary 22 years in the business.
Yes.
You know, I was arguing some antics with a friend of mine.
It's not really an opinionated answer.
I mean, it's fact somewhere.
When you were brought out, you're contract.
Yeah.
We were arguing that I was saying you were unemployed.
He was saying you were still employed by the people who were unemployed.
Of course, I wasn't unemployed.
I was being paid to a go-to vacation.
I wasn't unemployed.
Well, I mean, we were, like I said, arguing semantics.
You weren't working.
Correct?
Right.
That was basically what I was saying.
Well, what's the point?
What difference does it make what you call it?
I'd like to be unemployed like that the rest of my life.
So what was unemployed?
You were employed.
Let me say it again.
I was not unemployed.
I was employed.
I just didn't have to show up.
I got a check.
I came and picked up a check every week.
You can't be unemployed and get paid.
Well, no.
Did they consider that employed?
Of course.
Absolutely.
Really?
Yes.
Well, I figured it was something like that.
Have a great day, pal.
Oh, my God.
Oh, the world is coming to an end with that call right there.
That's it.
That's the end.
I actually had a feeling for about an hour and a half
today that we were going to make it today.
That we really were going to have a show.
We're going to have some real zippity doodas,
some real people on this phone.
Forget it.
I mean, talk about get a life.
Well, it's really semantics.
Yeah, semantics.
People have argued semantics are people in desperate search
of life.
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Good old story.
When I first came down here right out of college
to become a school teacher, I went downtown Miami
and crossed the street there and came on out.
And as I came out and crossed the street again,
it was a cop there.
Yeah.
And he said to Jay walking.
And I said, Jay walking.
And he pointed a sign out.
Sure enough, there's a sign.
So Jay walking.
So I said, OK, well, I guess just give me a second.
So I used to come to see a license.
And I said, I'm walking.
I'm not driving.
You don't need to see my license.
So he says, is this your car?
And I said, yeah, I'm not driving.
And he says, well, it's parked at an expired meter.
I said, oh, my God.
I just give me a ticket for that.
So he gave me a ticket for Jay walking.
He said, you crossed the street when you went in.
And I said, yeah, he says, OK.
So he gave me two Jay walking tickets.
Then he gave me an expired meter ticket.
Then he gave me a ticket because there was a construction
sign next to the car.
And he gave me a ticket for parked in a restricted zone.
And then he says, I refused to give him my driver's license.
He gave me a ticket for no license.
Handcrafted me, had my car towed, and took me to jail.
Went to court a couple days later.
The judge read the thing, called me up, called a cop up.
He said to the cop, he said, first of all,
you're going to pay for his car that you towed.
Secondly, you're going to reimburse him for his time.
And if I ever see you coming to my court
with this kind of car again, I'm going to get you off the force.
Oh, great, great story, sir.
That was it.
Congratulations.
So don't do it again.
OK.
How do you like that?
See, that cop was one of those pricks
that I'm talking about who gets into which
so we can grout beat people.
And there are plenty of those.
If you're visiting, if you're one of the snowboards down here
and you're tuned into the day by accident,
wondering what it's all about, this is what this town is all about.
OK, it's a bunch of dead people walking around,
a bunch of dead people driving.
It's a bunch of people who have moved their lips a lot.
They don't say too much.
They don't have an opinion about anything.
And yet somehow I've survived 22 years in the midst of all of this.
How is that possible?
How in God's name is that possible?
Man, oh man.
I was thinking about that the other day,
thinking about surviving 22 years with a bunch of dead heads.
And the minute that a kid's I thought came to my mind,
I poops my pants.
Oh God.
I just let loose 22 years of frustration,
of trying to coerce of force people
to like say something, have an opinion,
get some passion.
There is no passion.
That's the thing that is lacking in this town is passion.
It doesn't exist.
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Deal.
Yes, sir.
Anything else?
Cop stories for you.
Oh yeah.
Coconut Creek PD.
All right.
I'm going up Lion's Road.
He felt on three or four miles an hour over the speed limit.
Two motorcycle cops.
One of them is dead.
Anything nothing else.
One of them all of a sudden I look at my rearview,
I go past them, look at my rearview,
one of them is behind him.
So what do I do?
So he pulls me over.
I ask him, is what I do?
How fast are you going?
He's about to rear four over.
Three or four miles over the speed limit.
So let me finish.
So he says, the tent on your windshield extends
too far down the windshield.
I should go away to my house.
And you look at this.
It's factory tid.
It comes from the factory that way.
It's inside the glass.
Oh.
So he writes me a ticket.
A ticket for what?
For what?
For what was it?
Because your thing is too long?
Yeah, the thing was too long.
So he writes me a ticket.
I'll never get a ticket for that.
Well then, now listen to this.
Not only do I have to pay the ticket,
but I have to bring the car to Copina Creek PD
to prove that I complied with whatever I got to go.
I got to go put a new windshield in the car.
Oh my God.
I swear to God.
Unbelievable.
There you go.
Rest my case pal.
In closing?
And your pain is salary, yeah.
Yes sir.
In closing?
Yes.
Okay, let's take Boynton Beach.
Hello.
How's it going?
Pretty good.
I don't envy your position.
These people I've been sitting here, God knows why.
I forgot to have an hour waiting for you.
The guy with...
Six minutes and six seconds.
The guy with...
Price, Fister.
What the hell was he talking about?
I haven't got any idea.
Oh!
I think he was talking about Mark Forset.
I swear to God I was going to hang up after him.
But...
I'm not sure of Forset.
I'm not sure of...
Every time you're a Forset?
I love Färer Forset.
Not now I used to.
But anyway.
One of the mentiones...
Actually she got beat up by that intruder that time with a spray.
Remember?
And she tied him up and put him in the fireplace.
What was the name of that movie George?
Well that was a good movie.
Extravities.
She's not the...
She's not the best.
He is not the best now.
Well, he beat the crap out of her.
Hockey.
Yeah.
He's a...
I played college hockey, love hockey.
Unfortunately a ranger fan.
But a few other things.
South Florida.
I moved down here about two years ago.
Now you're talking boring.
From Boston.
Boston.
It's terrible here.
And Miami is the armpit of the United States.
The worst place to be.
South Beach.
A bunch of weirdos down there.
Yeah, a bunch of drug addicts.
A bunch of...
Um, posters.
Yeah, muscle-bombed posing fact.
And these cars with the matchbox wheels, it's stick out ten feet.
Uh-huh.
And the shorts down in the middle of their ass crack.
Right.
Um, religion is another thing.
Yeah.
I'm a first time caller, last time caller, because I don't have time to call you.
But I want to get a few more things off with you.
Go ahead.
Religion.
I totally agree with you.
I laughed in the car.
It is the biggest bunch of crap.
Yeah.
The Bible is a fictional story.
I can see the guys riding the Bible way back when.
I'll drunk around the table laughing, telling stories.
Well, I mean, people have been inventing gods in the side of those scripts.
They're going out since the beginning of time.
And anybody...
Anybody who's got even a tiny ability to think for himself or for his life.
And himself knows that and would just laugh at this crap.
But the sad part of it is that the people don't want to think.
You get chastised.
That's why, if you say anything today.
Anyway, I would be trippy told the women out there.
Okay.
I had a heterosexual.
I love women.
But this women powered bullsh**t going on right now.
What the hell is that all about?
Okay.
That's the pal.
Okay.
He said crap.
And I just...
He's been a little worked up.
I left him on here, but, you know.
Bull crap is right, so he can't say shot.
You can take one, but you can't say it.
Because this is America and after all.
Just like the things I brought up about the T-shirt police.
Got almost no response about that.
See, you people are so conditioned.
I mean, the cop who called Friday was right about that.
We want to condition you to doing fill in the blank.
To being nice and obedient.
And whatever it is.
We're going to condition you.
Even if you shouldn't have to be doing this.
We're going to condition you to doing this.
Because we decided that you can't wear a T-shirt that says this.
And you can't have a bumper sticker that says that.
Here's a mobile and sunrise.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
How you doing today?
Great.
You know what ticks us all off?
Neil is the fact that you have these cops working over time by the sawgrass.
You know he's supposed to stick the 50 cents in those at Oakland Park and commercial.
And they get you if you don't stick the 50 cents in the little hole there.
These cops are working on O.T.
This is the most amazing thing that a cop is getting paid to even do these things.
Yeah, well listen, pay the 50 cents and cut the crap.
You know what that reminds me of?
Oh, I think it was yesterday.
I should have brought it and there was a letter to the editor from some old fart.
You could tell he was an old fart by the nature of the letter.
This guy was complaining because he had gotten the ticket.
He went through the toll booth like a deterrent pipe or somewhere.
And the arm was stuck up in the air and the green light was stuck in the on position.
So he just goes through.
He doesn't put it in his 50 cents, his 75 cents, because the green light is on.
And then he's belly can then he gets a ticket.
Well, guess what pal?
Just because the other thing is stuck doesn't mean it's an invitation to just go right through you asshole.
Like on it with a free day.
Yeah, right.
It's like that salad dressing free.
I'll never forget that if I live in the 500.
And I didn't make this up.
It's a true goddamn story.
Several years ago, I mean my public's over there.
It's got to be like four or five years ago.
And this old bag is in front of me in line.
And of course, she's making a big to do.
She got like six items on here.
And every one is a big.
Oh, how much is this?
But I beat by the book.
And then the girl takes, you know, the bottle of craft salad dressing and puts it through the scanner there.
And a woman says, wait a minute.
What'd you do that for?
And then we said, girl, what's it or what do you make sure?
It says right on the bottle.
Free.
Fat free.
You stupid old disgusting obnoxious idiotic.
I mean, God, that fucking bitch.
Free.
So why didn't you get 20 or 30 of them, by the way?
It's only in Florida, baby.
Only in this town.
Only where the living people are really dead masquerading.
This is Sports Radio 560.
WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale.
The Neil Roger Show Sports Radio 560.
QAP.
My friends, I believe it's time this country had some boring, Christian leadership.
For that, I need your chicks to get my divorce.
Friends, I can assure you I know what's best for you.
Good little Christian, trying to run our lives.
With that baldness there mouth of pride, hey, hey.
Good little Christian, you ain't their hate around.
And power grabbing for a new start, right?
Good little Christian, praying watching all their kids.
Bro, I believe in fairy tales I've true.
Why do you ask to marry?
To reason, I love you.
They always told you to.
If there is mislead checks from you, God's their marketing tool.
Good little Christian, for giving this to me.
That's why they never have to tell that truth.
Good little Christian, how they do care for why.
They like to swap and swing and cheat on down.
Good little Christian, protecting us from our nails.
From bringing the fire in the depths of hell.
By the sea, we raise war up.
No, the way.
We got the Marlins and the Devil Rays.
Oh my God, the Devil Rays.
Remember all those Yahoo's in Tampa when they first, the big,
and there's another example of how sanity prevailed.
Something as marginal as baseball as a game.
And these Yahoo's over there were having a nervous breakdown about the name.
They were going to boycott the team and forced them to change the name.
And guess what? They didn't force them to change the name.
And they're still a goddamn Tampa Devil Rays.
And because they're an expansion team, maybe they'll be a team that maybe the Marlins can compete with who knows.
But there you go.
Another example of narrow-minded people.
Oh, you can't say that.
Well, guess what? They did this right on the uniform.
It's the Devil Rays. The Devil made him do it.
Just like this Baptist leader who said the Devil made him do it.
The Reverend Henry Lyons and Battle Leader of the Nations largest religious groups,
which charged Wednesday with transgressions generally associated with mobsters rather than clergymen,
racketeering and grand theft.
State prosecutors charged Lyons 55 of St. Petersburg.
Oh, the Devil did make him do it.
With engaging in a systematic scheme to steal at least $330,000 from several organizations and corporations,
including the Anti-Defamation League of Jewish Group.
Oh, I shouldn't be talking about that.
I'm sorry, this guy's black.
Sorry. See, a method.
That's that racist thing in me coming out again.
Put it back in.
Okay. I'll put it back in.
Yeah, ma'am.
Just like when I was talking about the soccer game,
tying up all the traffic, there were some assholes calling it.
Oh, that's a racial thing, ma'am.
If it was a, I wouldn't give a crap where they were from.
Okay. Take your soccer and blow it out your ass.
If it was all the Dutch team on their tying up the highway,
then unless, of course, they were handing out free weed,
because they got much better weed than the Jamaican.
Yeah, ma'am.
Oh, yeah, they do.
Here's a payfold in poor Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'm Nothing Broward, and I got the other rag,
and just to go along with somebody's education thing.
One of their main headlines today,
how to do about, they have an equivalency test,
if you can't pass classes in school,
and they graded them wrong.
So, 67 was so peak pupils who didn't pass,
got notified that they were passed,
and they don't want to hurt these kids' feelings.
Right.
So, they passed, they passed, they passed,
they didn't have a pass in a criminal, they passed.
Social promotion, baby, that's what it,
that's what it be all about.
We don't want to hurt nobody's feelings.
They want people in school when they're 45 years old.
Right.
We don't say much for the people who graded them,
they didn't have anything.
They probably failed it too, man.
They did just, you know, another line of succession.
Thanks for the good news, sir.
The dumbing of America, like I told you,
and here we got a bunch of bright kids
who are like, honor students, many of them,
and oh, yeah, let's have them arrested
because we don't like this pamphlet they wrote.
That was probably very, you know, it was bizarre and off the wall.
I still haven't seen it.
Robert Steinbach saw it, and like he said,
he was ready to write a skating hospital, a column,
attacking those kids, and how grotesque this stuff was,
and irresponsible, and he saw it, and he said,
hey, someone was pretty amusing.
And what's the big cemeter, and cut the crap,
and don't be putting no kids in jail.
They got guns if they were, you know,
doing their own aberrant stuff, then put their ass in jail.
They're disrupting the goddamn class,
then kick them out of school,
and just spend them and expel them.
But don't know, as long as they don't say anything we don't like,
then we'll just keep passing them right along there,
and give me diploma.
See, and then, like I said,
we're going to have all this erasial talk here today,
and now that I look at this thing,
and of course this is my initial instinct anyway,
it's not a racial issue.
I mean, there's a lot of racial tensions of Killian High,
and they've had a lot of problems over the last several years
with race and Killian High, but that's not what this is all about.
And that's what people are turning it into,
including assholes like our title bomb at the ADL.
This man, I'm going to tell you,
our title bomb to me is just beyond description.
This town has got about a handful of people,
and every time some issue comes up,
they either go to Bob Kunst or our title bomb,
or some of these same old tired hacks that have been hanging around this town,
making a lifelong career of being Ojón Pervacatura,
and that's basically all they are.
Oh, yes, this is very provocative,
and it's way beyond the line,
and we better investigate what the hell is there to investigate?
The revenge of the nerds, I mean,
and a bunch of cartoons in here.
This is a story that I've been through,
and I've been through a lot of times,
and I've been through a lot of times,
and I've been through a lot of times,
and I've been through a lot of times,
and I've been through a lot of times,
and I've been through a lot of times,
and I've been through a lot of times,
and I've been through a lot of times,
and I've been through a lot of times,
and I've been through a lot of times,
and I've been through a lot of times,
and I've been through a lot of times,
and I've been through a lot of times,
and I've been through a lot of times,
and I've been through a lot of times,
and I've been through a lot of times of websites.
But I know that there are zero people here today,
but because it takes an hour to kick in the viagrapal,
do you see the story there?
And this is a true story.
People are going to say indigenous men aregreen.
together, the group of doctors and Pfizer and whoever else, and they're going to have a
wafer for instant within just a matter of minutes.
What you do is, seriously, I'm not making this up.
You put the wafer in your mouth, you suck on it for just a short time and it gets bigger.
And you have to go to the police for that.
I didn't say that kind of a wafer.
And I didn't say who is going to be sucking on what?
Okay?
I said, you suck on it for a little while and it gets bigger.
And then getting back to the Viagra.
Okay.
Here's the fact that it says Peter Bolder is the number one first class flaming asshole.
Oh!
Well, we knew that.
Yeah.
And a liar and a bullcrap artist and a no-nothing and a corporate ass sucker and a real
piece of turd.
That's right.
We don't want the Lawrence Wilkeshire Watterstead.
That's right.
You and Harry Penis and Walter Sable have a great time with those old jingles and John Ford
too, by the way, throw him in there.
Throw him in the mix.
Here's Coral Gables.
Hello?
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how you doing?
Great.
Maybe you do.
Do you want to hear an update on the Vatican incident?
Yes.
Okay, actually, this could go down as the Roman version of the OJ Simpson incident.
They went down at the Vatican?
Yeah.
There's no fact in the church.
Yeah.
This guy that was murdered was the officer from Switzerland and he was assigned a day
before as the highest officer for the Vatican Army.
Yeah.
And that was the first time that the nun Italian was the first.
Yeah.
I became the highest ranking officer.
But the weird thing about this whole situation was his wife, who happened to be from Ben as
well, who also was killed.
And there was a young officer, maybe 22, 23, also found in the Melley.
So in actuality, there were three people killed.
So how about that?
Killed by whom?
But they don't know yet.
Yes, they do.
Oh.
Okay.
Well, he's gone.
Why don't you tell us who was the newly appointed.
The dog done a captain.
He's been a chip wolf.
El Henner, all of the Swiss guards, the newly appointed one, the one that tried to save
the Pope when the last attempt on his name was newly appointed.
One of the other Swiss guards on CNN right now is showing the Pope and they're showing
this window.
And there's the other.
Look at that.
There's the Harvey Oswald.
Oh, no, it's Jack Ruby.
Yeah.
And one of the other Swiss guards then apparently had a problem.
Oh, no, it was James Earl Ray.
Oh, there's Rome.
I know where that is right there.
That's right by the Spanish steps.
There's a Roma.
That wasn't a Vatican.
That was right by the Spanish steps.
That's seen.
Anyway, go ahead.
And there's Ilvada Cono.
Maybe Antis Weiss.
Yeah.
And then shot himself.
For what?
I guess he didn't like the guy.
Or maybe God told him.
So why don't we hear about this?
We got my story here with these ratings coming up.
This is the big.
And you're telling me about some Swiss guards over there in the garden.
What I don't care about is Ilvada Cono and about you have a crazy goi-m over there in
the Vatican.
Like that's a new story.
Is that something new, crazy goi-m in the Vatican?
No.
Come on.
Where your fudge packers start licking.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
People are watching.
Women are staring.
They're green.
They're green.
They're green.
They're green.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh, I got to give you that you will
mean you couldn't come forward.
the
all.
Oh right.
I have a
I have to blow my brains out.
It's somebody else's.
I'm speechless.
Sam, our promotion man was just in here.
And he said, let me take a look at the picture of Enrique
and the magazine there.
And while he was looking at the picture,
he was saying, yeah, he looks pretty good.
He was telling me the story about it.
When I was on one of my many, many trips during the seven
months that I was doing the limbo rock between stations.
And Enrique's concert was coming up at the Miami Arena,
which I was also a lot of time the week
and then it took place and they were very distraught
about that.
But the first time that they called the house,
my mother was at the house dog sitting.
And I thought it was Enrique's secretary,
the girl from the office who called.
And because George said the main thing,
Enrique called the house, offering you tickets
to the concert in Barabipada, Bupa de Ma.
Come to find out that he was, they were on a speaker phone
and that his secretary made him place the call.
But he was sitting there listening.
And when my mother was answered the phone,
he was too embarrassed to like say,
well, you know, his neal, he didn't know what to say.
How come he just didn't say,
damn God.
That was a surprise.
I am so psychotic at this point in my life.
I don't think I can continue.
Go home.
Really?
It's your just sitting there and for all the knocking
that he's done of Enrique,
he's like, I would like to be him.
You'd like to be him.
Yeah, with a call.
So you'd like to be him specifically.
You'd like to be him.
Oh, you said you'd like to be him.
Don't try to retract it now, Mr.
you'd like to be him.
You'd like to be in his body.
Could I say?
I would find being in his body either.
Could I maintain my sexuality?
Well, what does that mean?
Are you saying that Enrique is some kind of a fruit cake?
He's Latino.
He's a real Latin man.
OK, he likes anything that feels good, a spanner.
Like I said, believe me, we have an open line in date,
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, and pound 5, 60 on the mobile one line.
So I've missed, I blew my chance, baby.
I blew it.
Here's Cooper City.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I mean, hey, my name is Donald, right?
And I've really listened to your read of station
I for an open line.
There's only one personality on this show.
We don't do names.
You know, sir, I'm listening.
Are you listening to what I'm saying?
I'm sorry.
I didn't even say it.
Well, the only way to hear what I'm saying
is to stop talking and listen.
I said, we don't do names on this show.
There's only one celebrity on this show.
And you're talking to them.
Go ahead.
OK, OK.
All right, guess the chat is out.
It is out.
Man, I think when your read of station is so dumb, man,
you need to stop those freer in the read of station,
all right, and get a life.
OK, so this is the number one show in town, sir,
by a far, by a million miles.
Number one, number one in town.
Yeah, you have to read of station, right?
What?
I listen to read of station, right?
What radio station?
11, 17, you know, FM.
So?
So then what do you listen to?
So what do you listen to?
At the station, sir.
Are you being held hostage?
Is somebody holding you hostage in forcing people to listen
right now?
You need to be my lift.
Is somebody forcing you to listen right now?
This is a man.
You need to shut up.
You need to get out your way to my town, OK?
Answer the question.
Is somebody forcing you to listen?
No, but I mean you need to not be reading.
Why not?
And turn on a station you like, OK?
Or better yet, get out of banana boat
and go back where you came from, all right?
Yeah, come on.
Thank you.
Another geek.
Wonder what kind of a little brown car he drives.
Here's a mobile in Hylia.
Hello?
Hello?
Yes, I am.
Hi, Neil.
How are you?
I was listening to you were saying that women don't car?
No, I didn't say that.
I said women don't listen.
And they also don't car, but they don't listen.
They do.
I have a lot of friends that they're listening.
They must be in the closet.
They're in bad news to call.
I'm not.
I'm not about to tell you I love your show.
Good for you.
And all my friends listen.
Let me tell you.
Thank you.
Oh, by the way, let me tell you something.
I'm not a bag.
Doesn't fall asleep.
I want to say that those guys are always
in there not a bag.
Yeah.
I want to say Don or you have a bag.
I think he used to be a boy scout.
Yeah.
He probably stuck something on this rack.
I'm because he sure looks like a bag to me.
Especially if it's a corn cob.
Oh, boy.
No, they told me he was a boy scout.
You know what they say about boys?
You know, you know, I mean, you know, I'm a real.
You know, in Rikia, Glacias?
Yeah, he looks good.
Yeah, he does look good.
You like him, right?
Let's go over and see him.
I'll guide you today.
OK, sweetheart.
Bye, bye.
Bye, bye.
Well, there you go.
We got a nice lady there in Highly.
If she's dying to get out of that place,
but of course they won't let her out.
And thank God we have no poverty.
Remember that letter I read that day about no corruption
and no poverty in Highly?
And that was one of those God people.
Another one was crazy.
God people.
One of those religious nuts peddling bull crap.
Let me say it again.
There's 1,000 people living in the Vatican.
There's like four or five million people living in Rome.
There's only 1,000 people living in the Vatican,
including the Pope and all those boyfriends.
And it's a country.
It's a country.
And they got their own little army there.
They got to swish guard with their little dresses
and their cute little outfits.
That's right.
And they have to, you know, they have to swing the right way
in order to get them that out for you.
What I'm talking about?
They have to swing just exactly the right way.
There's no stagnant in the church.
No, they're all busy at the Vatican city.
They're not in the church.
They're all busy at the Vatican, you know,
catering to the needs of all those guys in their dresses.
How is it possible that there are still people so stupid
that they're lending tangible to support
to corrupt horse crap like that?
Is it ever going to end?
No.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing?
I'm doing great.
I'm doing great.
I'm doing great.
I'm doing great.
I'm doing great.
I'm doing great.
I'm doing great.
I'm doing great.
And all that stuff.
I'm from Jersey, you know, and-
Well, they don't have any there either.
Well, it's a lot better than down here.
Yeah.
I mean, you know, the teacher pursue your ratios
about what, 35 kids per teacher?
Yeah.
I mean, that's like a real bummer.
Yeah, well, we're too busy building stadiums, Carlos.
We don't care about no education.
I can't not agree.
We're not a place for kids or people
who want an education.
It's a place for people over the age of 100
who want to go to early bird dinners
and a place where people are like
winged with a bald head and a beak.
That's all.
That's what you want to do.
What do you laugh about that?
That's what this place is.
It's an outdoor funeral parlour cause.
Haven't you been here long enough to finger that out?
Well, I like it though, you know.
It's not for time.
Whether the weather is pleasant, but other than that, this place is the end of the universe.
This is hell.
This is a territory.
Right.
This is where you go just before they send you to Trenton.
Holy sh**.
Right.
Ha ha ha ha ha.
Ha ha ha ha ha.
You know, if this yellow button were seated any lower in here, and I certainly hope it
did work that time, didn't it, Joe?
Joe.
Joe mama?
Joe's out eating pizza, love you something.
Well, no, I'm just saying that this dump button is seated so low in here that even if
you push down on it with all the might of an hairy elephant, you really can't be sure
if it's doing anything.
We don't want to get George Corso involved cause we know he's very busy fixing Bob McCase
hairpiece.
Wake up with the first piece.
Joe Rogan, Jeff DeParis, Steve Goldstein.
Weatening mornings at 6.
Only on fourth radio, 5.60 Q.A.M.
See you, Roger Scott.
Damn, damn, come on.
If he wants me to sing God Bless America and paste these in the G-string up here, I'll
do it.
Oh, right.
Oh, right.
Oh, look at Steve and Joe, they're not good lookers and Joe, girls who translate to
Spidey.
KKK's who hates the Gays and guys who hate what they're like, they're all chimmed a little
bit.
It's not air.
You only do have to try and you think it's not as fine and stop to never score on
the show.
I'm running finally over.
You can get my ass out of the rock.
We've got to watch the show.
We've got to watch the show.
We've got to watch the show.
We've got to watch the show.
We've got to watch the show.
We've got to watch the show.
We've got to watch the show.
We've got to watch the show.
We've got to watch the show.
We've got to watch the show.
We've got to watch the show.
We've got to watch the show.
We've got to watch the show.
We've got to watch the show.
We've got to watch the show.
We've got to watch the show.
We've got to watch the show.
We've got to watch the show.
We've got to watch the show.
We've got to watch the show.
We've got to watch the show.
We've got to watch the show.
We've got to watch the show.
We've got to watch the show.
We've got to watch the show.
We've got to watch the show.
We've got to watch the show.
We've got to watch the show.
We've got to watch the show.
We've got to watch the show.
We've got to watch the show.
We've got to watch the show.
We've got to watch the show.
We've got to watch the show.
We've got to watch the show.
We've got to watch the show.
We've got to watch the show.
We've got to watch the show.
We've got to watch the show.
I'm sure this is what's going to really happen here.
I'm not going to be real pleased about that.
I'm sure this is what's going to really happen here.
I'm not going to be real pleased about that.
I'm not going to be real pleased about that.
I'm not going to be real pleased about that.
I'm not going to be real pleased about that.
I'm not going to be real pleased about that.
I'm not going to be real pleased about that.
I'm not going to be real pleased about that.
I'm not going to be real pleased about that.
I'm not going to be real pleased about that.
I'm not going to be real pleased about that.
Don't you think that this is just a pure outer air out in membranes?
a pure, a pure, a pure, a pure, a pure, a pure, a pure clear
real pure-phones of the world,
we're sorry.
We're sorry.
Yes.
We're sorry.
That's true.
One thing in front of them is we've got to bring something
to the core in this boat.
We've got to bring something to the core.
We've got to bring something to the core.
state related, they're hierarchical.
You're supposed to update a bishop or the priest
or whatever you're supposed to.
Abated by the federal tool.
God.
But these religions and Europe believe an original sin
that people in institutions are inherently inferior.
And they shouldn't get them out of shape when they do something
wrong because that's just the way they are.
Now the Protestant sects in this country are congregational.
They're not hierarchical.
Yeah.
The hierarchical.
Higher.
OK.
Yes.
The priest is an employee of the church.
You're supposed to read the Bible and make up your own line
about it.
And whatever you make up your mind out to be, you're morally
obligated to carry it out.
The probably the most important thing here is they don't
want you to know it's like a French guy that likes little kids.
Is that a Franco-Petophile?
Go ahead, I'm sorry.
They don't believe me.
I'm just trying to spice up what is a, you know, good intentions,
but it's common, do you know what I'm saying?
It's a thing.
They don't point in original sin.
So what is the point of all of this though?
I mean, it's obviously you're preaching the choir here.
What's the point?
Well, they believe in a perfectibility.
The people, religious people here believe in perfectibility
that you must not send.
Yeah.
At all.
Yeah.
And this manifests itself in all kinds of ways in our society.
Well, thank God we've got a president who's straight
in them all out.
Thank you.
What the hell was he talking about?
Man, he was from Lake Worth.
Well, that's blended.
He was talking about hierarchical crap.
But he was right.
Franco-Fobia.
I like that.
Franco-Fobia.
That's like Franco-American spaghetti.
Here's Candela.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Great.
I'm a 22 year old male, and I'm a little disappointed
in the younger females in this town,
not being one of the main groups listening to your show.
So to get some of these girls back,
I want to sing a quick excerpt from the Titanic
song in Spanish.
OK.
OK.
Got a nocee in mis sueños.
Te veo te siento.
Así es como te miro seguir.
Cruando espacios igual que yo.
Tu venez a verme seguir.
Me suen muy bien, Lucky.
Cerca lejos estives bondillas.
Thank you.
And I'll be great.
Oh, my God.
Quickly, I want to ask you the new panthers arena.
Are they going to have a schloemies in there?
Yes.
OK.
Great.
Thanks a lot.
I see.
Yeah.
And a schoogeon's too.
We have an open line today.
That was special, wasn't it?
I'm getting a little flimmery.
Oh, here we go.
Where's the number?
What number is that?
I love that bit.
What's your one?
Is that on?
You know the one I'm talking about?
Yeah, you don't like that one?
Yes, great.
I love it.
It's called Sit and So Long.
Sit and I said, Sit and So Long is the one.
You're free.
You're on the end of a cruise ship.
I never got lucky in a cruise ship.
I'm the only person who never got lucky in a cruise ship.
Every night at the bed of my, I watch it.
I see it here.
Oh.
I see it in that boat in 29 times.
I inhale to truckload the popcorn.
It's raising its sand govers.
The movie's so long I got to wear these pants.
That damn sack of ice-cream.
It's all for itself.
The first time I saw it, I'm nervous and my stretch pants.
It's all good things.
The sea was so nervous.
I've been sitting so long.
I've got high five in size of two hours.
I can't wait for the duras to come out.
I can't wait for the movie to end.
So I can watch it again.
And again.
And again.
And again.
I got home from a double-feature.
My flutter has worked out.
My total curl about the length to the empty portion.
Not to get to the counter.
And again.
My flutter has worked out.
So my heart will go up.
And now.
I can't believe it's not the boat.
I can't believe it's not the boat.
That's the standard.
I have a feeling I'm going to be dipping in some fish food.
What do you go on like that for?
I'm going to die.
I'm going to tell you a great story about that.
1973 I'm working at WSPD in Sarasota.
My landlord was this kind of like, I would say,
45 to 50-ish kind of a nerdy guy.
He was okay.
And he was just a little on the eccentric side.
Every time I get into any kind of conversation I'd run into him,
he would start hocking me a china.
And I think about, well, you know, I'm not worried about dying
because they're coming up with all these great cures for everything.
And by the time I'm in my 70s,
people will live forever.
Guess what?
He's dead.
He's dead.
All right.
Pull the hell out of you, mister.
You're dead.
See, uh, that's right.
When they dig his ass up, I'll probably be living back there in Sarasota.
Hey, how you doing, Doc?
Here's for a lot of Dale.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Neil.
Yes, I am.
Me and the guys at work were hoping you could elaborate on something first.
Yes, sir.
Glory holes.
Yeah.
Is it...
Well, no, come on.
You're asking me like, you guys don't know what glory holes are.
So, yeah, but glory holes.
Yeah.
You throw it out so fast that we don't know the proper, um,
what it pertains to, is it holes in the star walls or is it some of the...
Of course.
Or is it holes in your what?
Is it someone's butt hole.
Well, that could be a part of it.
That would be inside the glory hole.
Both of them could be pertained as one subject.
A glory hole.
I mean, a hole is the hole is the hole.
If you got to see the whole thing, you know what I'm talking about.
The whole picture.
Right.
The whole picture.
You got to get your pneumatic drill and you got to drill a hole in that, uh,
the, uh, mohagady and that hard wood and that cement, whatever's in there.
I said, cement with a tee.
And, uh, that's a glory hole.
All right.
So, it doesn't matter what you're looking at on the other side, right?
Right.
It could be somebody sitting...
Or something.
And it rhymes with sitting, right?
That's right.
All right, Neil, glad we cleared that out.
Okay, I hope you find a good one.
All right.
See ya.
Uh-huh.
Like, they don't know what a glory hole is, right?
We know what you're doing in your spare time.
You're looking for the glory hole.
Right.
And like I said, they do glory holes in ladies' rest rooms.
Something to think about.
Wonder if anybody ever got a tongue caught in a glory hole, huh?
Well, do you remember Ellie Brecker brought in that tongue in a package that day?
Maybe they're just trying to pass some lunch.
Maybe that's what those guys are trying to do, too, huh?
Oh, God.
Now he's going to come up with these tube-stakes jokes when you just cut the crap.
Stop it.
Stop it right now, please.
Okay.
Here's a mobile in Haya-Lia.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing, Neil?
I'm doing great.
Uh, listen.
I'm 30 years old, Holyo.
I'm synthesized.
Uncercumcized.
Yes, sir.
Okay.
Can I talk about anal spikes?
Yes.
Am I see?
Okay.
I had a girlfriend, Cuban.
And she tried one.
She loved it.
That one she tried.
I like it.
I put her in her finger up to my, you know, with spurs.
That's what you call it.
And they don't like it at all.
Can we be a woman from Dominican Republic, Puerto Ricans, Cuban, especially, or into that?
Stopped American.
Not my Central American.
Definitely.
It's a taboo.
But Cuban Puerto Ricans, the Americans, they loved it.
They had the big bucks.
It's for something.
They'd use it.
All right.
All right.
Thank you.
Congratulations on your big numbers, too.
Hey, you know it.
All right.
Fill out the up.
See you.
Yes, the audience, people are wondering why Cuban women have those big fat round asses.
Now you understand.
Round and firm and fully packed.
Underlined, of course, the fully packed part.
I mean, are we going to go back into this again?
Were you fudged back in?
No way.
Not this girl.
Oh, man.
How do we get started on that?
That one poor innocent guy.
Oh, don't it smell awful.
Druty down there.
Oh, yeah.
I don't know.
You tell me.
All you heterosexual macho guys, you tell me what it smells down, down by the old...
Correct him.
Tell me.
I don't wait for 10 years.
Yeah, I believe you.
Lilox.
Oh, man.
It must be it's like the middle, almost the middle of May.
I bet you the lilox and the tulips are really blooming like up in Rochester now.
At Cobbs Hill in Durantysman Park.
Oh, yeah.
Just like a beautiful woman.
Correct him.
So anyway, this story about father...
We better get into this tomorrow.
I have a lot of time on it.
Father James Porter.
One good thing.
Thank God about this.
He didn't discriminate.
He liked little girls and little boys.
You know what I'm saying?
He spread it around.
He's a fact in the church.
Thank God for father Porter.
He didn't discriminate.
We don't like no priest who discriminates.
And it says he had a manic obsession for sex with young children.
For the three years that he was there, no child was safe.
It seemed that he was everywhere.
In his office, he forced his fingers between the legs of eight-year-old girls.
In the classrooms, he handed out slaubering birthday kisses,
pushing his tongue into the mouths of ten-year-old boys
as the non-chargerverted her eyes.
In other words, looked the other way,
while somebody in the background whispered,
There's no fact in the church.
Huh.
Here's a lady in Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Hi. I'm calling because my boyfriend says that you have a tape of OJ explaining about the murders.
Yeah.
I was just wondering if you would play that for me.
Yes, I can.
Thank you.
And have a great day.
May I ask you a question while I'm looking for it?
Sure.
Do you, uh, I don't want to get too personal.
Do you enjoy anal sex?
No, I don't.
Okay, thank you.
You're welcome.
Okay, may I play that for you now?
Oh, man.
It's a pleasure to do that.
It's a pleasure to think about it.
Because, you know, I feel about fold, you know, with your legs,
and I feel like I can look full, and I don't know what to do.
I tell you, man, I look like a crazy.
We're just around, really, really, really, really.
I didn't do nothing with my knife, but my legs are in the same place.
I'm so, so, I'm going to like, we're just around around.
And he's terrible, but I'm all, you know,
I'm going to call that, I'm trying to, you know,
bump into the same thing, and all of the bumps of his life.
I didn't do nothing with it.
So, what am I pretty sure you would like to do?
You know what I'm saying, man?
Oh, me, you should be doing some activities with someone,
so what's up with that, man?
I didn't do nothing, I'm riding the back of the hand,
I didn't do nothing, I'm in a white foam, wrangle.
You know, so I was doing, so I was going to have to go to my head, you know what?
And I didn't go to my head, because I knew I had to go to my head.
So, I was doing, you know, I was doing, you know what I'm saying?
As long as you really trying to say, it kills a cake, OK, candle, hello?
Hello, how you doing?
Right.
Listen, you're always talking about black people.
You're always talking about religion, you know, religions,
about women.
And when are you talking about yourself?
You'll be so s**t.
OK, I guess I will be doing that tomorrow.
This is Sports Radio 560 Q-A-L.
This is a song that I've been singing for a long time.
This is a song that I've been singing for a long time.
This is a song that I've been singing for a long time.
This is a song that I've been singing for a long time.
This is a song that I've been singing for a long time.
This is a song that I've been singing for a long time.
This is a song that I've been singing for a long time.
This is a song that I've been singing for a long time.
This is a song that I've been singing for a long time.
I got a few things to comment on.
Number one, only in America does this s**t happen.
OK, don't say a crap again.
OK.
Number two, this kid is old enough to be tried as an adult.
But I don't know how you feel about the death penalty.
I like it.
This is the kicker.
He's old enough to be tried as an adult.
He will be.
But he's not old enough to go for the death penalty.
Go figure.
And that the last thing which will bring a smile to your face
and you'll probably crack out.
This is medical news that just broke out.
For all the women who are PMS and this gynecologist came out with something
so they won't get clamps.
He puts a battery in the box of a...
They're going to be sold by boxes.
It's a vibrating tampon.
Oh, sorry.
I've seen that.
They're waiting for FDA approval.
In fact, Jeff Cohen is going to be first in line to get him.
And I'm for his wife either.
I just fell off the couch when the news reported that
he said, no, we're going to have a bunch of women walking around town with the vibrator there.
Well, you think you were falling off the couch now just way till it comes out?
I know we're going to have a lot of car accidents.
They're going to ditch their husbands and they're going to be ragging for the whole month.
At least to keep them busy in the car anyway.
Have a good day, sweetheart.
Thanks.
Bye-bye.
Can't you just see that?
All the crazy things that people do in cars now?
How about a pencil thin anal vibrator with every new car?
Sure, Jeff Cohen.
He's happy to do that.
And those pencil thin, rectum, vibrators.
And he's the greatest in arrow while I'm in him.
We got trailer apart.
Like I told you in the story a couple days ago about the women in Walgreens with the two little kids running around.
I mean, just trashing the place, just destroying, ripping stuff off registers,
and just opening up all kinds of crap and throwing it on the floor oblivious.
So when you turn on shows like you're springing, you think, boy,
they're sure going to run out of that trailer park trash pretty soon.
And the problem, don't worry, there's an endless supply.
Because they're reproducing like rabbits.
And the meantime here in Miami, they're at doing acid attacks on abortion clinics.
That's what we be doing.
Because we love those fetuses.
But those people, by the way, are the same ones, the right wingers who are hysterical about abortions,
the same ones who are the gun lovers,
and the same ones who don't give a flying crap about the kids that got murdered yesterday,
or any other kids once they're born.
They are fetus huggers.
They're hugging their gun with one hand,
and they're hugging their fetus with the other.
They're all shooted.
Here's a lady in Kendall. Hello.
Hey, Uncle Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
Finally, honey, after three years of trying to get you.
Well, here I am.
I know, baby.
Haven't had an open line in three years.
And in Kendall, too, honey.
Yeah, then I'm living in the Kendall area.
And I'm still trying to figure out where the hell I'm at.
Yeah.
We'll send you a road map.
I know, I need one.
And a compass.
I know my husband's trying to tell me,
well, honey, you're on this road.
And a pencil thin anal vibrator from the people.
Exactly. Oh, hi, I would love that.
All right.
That's right.
And...
Just calling just gave it thumbs up.
Said it's in the mail sweetheart.
Ooh, I'll take it.
Let's see.
I didn't go out in my body.
I just felt like I had to say that.
I'm just silly to tell Neil.
Let me tell you.
Sounds like it.
Better you've endured your address.
He wants to stop by in a weekend.
Get some good stuff from the holiday.
Well, come on in, baby.
All right.
Hey, man, take something.
I would take care of you.
I've got an empty room here.
I think that lady's got the really good.
Yeah.
That's right.
And oh, God, I need that.
I haven't sh** in three weeks.
Cah!
Cah!
Cah!
Cah!
Oh!
Oh, the best call in the history of the human race.
Not just of this show.
Not just talk radio.
That was the best full call.
Even Alexander Graham Schwartz will be impressed with that.
That was...
Go home now, I've got a tape.
Cah!
Cah!
Oh, God.
I need a good laugh.
It pains me.
Here's the mobile and curl springs.
Hello?
Hey, Neil, God.
How you doing?
Great.
uh... jet bush is uh...
speaking of my son's elementary school today
i sent it to the coach
exactly get those cards ready
i sent in the class with a question
uh... because my son uh... will probably get to ask this question
i said it when you become or if you become uh... leader you know governor
of the state of florida and we all leave you out
are you are gonna make a portion of the legal
to be a little conversation about abortions and what it is in this and that
what kind of ruckus you think it's gonna cost you
oh boy
i you wait to read the papers because my son will probably ask the question
and uh... it'll be some kind of file i'll get a letter home today with him
or something
one thing about your voice he makes that he looked like a a real liberal
are you don't know the level
it isn't and he will become the next governor here unless we do something
you know get up get active and say don't vote for this guy
you bad news
and then
and uh... as far as the marlins i haven't taken my son
to uh... based on the two years
and i've been to blockbuster video in two years
and my family knows
they went to the end of the bad man
and that's it
have a great day break and take a bite
you should teach all your kids that okay if you want to teach him good and evil
stuff like that forget about god in the devil
you want to teach him good show my picture even though it's ugly
and if you want to teach him that show them the way in the way in picture
or i've got at least a better complexion
and a little more here
mobile and highly a hello
finally a lot yes sir
i'm doing the mark marginal it's a marginal monday man
i don't know
i'm just trying to bring my two cents in about the annual thing
my wife loves it
and and and i don't consider myself games is because i like to give it to her
yeah
you don't consider yourself
no no no no you say that like uh... somebody might
no because of your fudge back and
yeah i'm not fudge back and
i want i'm packing her
yeah
but uh... you know you had a couple guys saying that uh...
your gay if you like to give it to a woman in the rectum
that's what i heard anybody that's in the world right now is a fact that's what i have
that's a fact thing
now we like to perform all on ourselves
in the rectum
i'm listening
oh no that may be home
no i don't know why would i do that
no no just because you're just kneel
just when we're getting to the media the matter i'm gonna cut you off
in fact doctor markley's just a minute you said no he said that that's the
outgoing slot he said no more anal sex you just gave that order for all the
people in south Florida no more no more
maybe one more time maybe one more just this one last time
okay
yeah i can do one more thing for me niel sure
uh... my wife is the first time i make her listen to you yeah
and uh...
she's ever heard back by that okay
and i how did i how did i know that so now he's got on the anal sex now he's
trying to move on to bigger and better things okay
that area pervert
is a lady in my any hello
yes man
yeah i'm a big concern about the anal sex issue
you're concerned about anal sex okay well i think you are a bit of a
thing is guy for two years yeah
he's continually expressed his preference to
he continues to express his animals
he's in a lot of time i thought that was a dog
he continues to express his preference but i said it right
and i'm a bit concerned that he might be bisexual because
it's kind of where it's a fact that you know
i'm realizing that it's a popular
and i had no idea that it was a popular
well if you know the words you your objection wasn't that you thought it might be
painful around comfortable that as well i mean i've never done it before
well don't do it
don't know but it's the issue of the whole caving in just because it's the
popular thing to do
well what a line that is
no no but i mean i just right i'm like well why would somebody want to do something
i have no idea
because i guess uh... whatever whole you know comes in handy is uh... all for
them i guess
i mean i've been here for years all these people screaming about you find packer
and i don't even do that you know but i mean if i did i'd be the first to tell you
but uh... it's supposed to be us bag it's one of the book packers and we'll find out
these last two three weeks here it's all the straight guys that are uh... pack
in a the anthillians candy for a whole they call themselves right you know i'm kind of
do you call yourself you can call yourself anything i can tell you i'd be black too
that don't need to make me
don't do it sweetheart i'm gonna do it
keep it or close thank you have a great day
have a big sign there no rear entry okay
when you laugh at about
well i don't want to be accused of being on your here promoting anal sex which i'm not
you think that it was painful when a doctor was in here with a needle which it
wasn't really bad till he like yanked it out
in fact all you women out there that's when it's really bad when they yank it out
right now
not too fast
just uh... just be careful that's all i'm telling you okay that's just the best
advice i can possibly give you
just be a little on a cautious side
and it would seem to me that of all the timing in the world at this time when we
got these
all these diseases going around not just aids
but we've got every other kind of disease that's ever been invented because
godworks in mysterious ways is pretty pissed off
that all of a sudden people want to work encourage anal sex which it seems to me
that even what would be number one needles dirty needles or anal sex
no question anal sex but there you go
for spreading hiv okay number one in the universe
yeah
and all you guys out there of course you're not only sitting in
in what we're hearing about what we're hearing about
how about if that the girlfriend if the missus has a surprise waiting for you
huh
that's right
god only knows what's been in that back home
here's a four-letter hello
yes sir
hey that's me how you doing pretty good
lots of the listen to you for a long time i just wanted to call to you i'm
getting out of this right all right here for a guy that elisa got the
sensibility and is getting out where you going
uh... i'm actually don't have a move into the last
like i said
uh... i like it a lot of their to what do you like it what do you like about it
you know i work up there is a commercial fishermen and i'm actually if
everything works out right i'm going to do wildlife enforcement like wildlife
well you know it's it's all it's nice it's clean it's uh... it's good yeah
yeah i like wildlife too that's why go to Amsterdam
you know the listen to this anal sex up to the past couple weeks
i had to have a lot of
the all i don't know shot you
i haven't heard anyone talk about the uh... the wonderful thing that a rim job
actually is
all
got
i heard about those rinjobs
ever good luck pal
and a great life i've got a
that's what i heard about each and every one of those rinjobs
and a stunk
this is sports radio five sixty wqa m
anneal Roger show sports radio five sixty
q a
i had some real hard ones but small ones
erections is fine line
who
like
a
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
way to
it
is
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
i
