Beasley Broadcast Group Station at www.quam.com for the world.
What was that?
Uh-uh.
560 WQA Air Force Anzhan Neal Roger Show to talk to Neil.
Now 567-2-1160-18-11-1160 for rise in wireless customers.
8777-85-0123 called the opinions expressed by Neal Roger.
His guests are followers.
The news is not the same as the beast.
But there's an instant advertised from the latest news.
The Neal Roger Show on 560 QA Air.
It's Friday, you first news.
There's a teaser light behind the car.
Go down the block, the house is our darker.
We are visioned.
We were Christian on the phone.
It doesn't ever reach engine.
For eight nights we light light.
When the center be committed and light.
All we can do light is a minority of Benchikris.
With a Zintzontorra.
Our holiday is really such a porra.
Light, something do a boy.
All we can do light is a minority of Benchikris.
With Zintzontorra.
Our holiday is really such a porra.
Light, something do a boy.
It's so hard for us to go shopping.
We don't know when, how, nothing is happening.
What is that date?
Are we too late?
You can normally see them go.
Now come on.
What are we supposed to do?
You think it's easy to get when we only pay wholesale?
All we get to light is a minority of Benchikris.
With Zintzontorra.
Our holiday is really such a porra.
Light, something do a boy.
All we get to light is a minority of Benchikris.
With Zintzontorra.
Our holiday is really such a porra.
Light, something do a boy.
Exactly.
Happy Hanukkah and Christmas and New Year and all that good stuff.
Boy, a good close person, a little friend, Richie from Bordeshead.
He's the best.
And he always said he's the best caller ever called this radio station.
Have you ever said that?
Yes.
Certainly one of the best visitors.
We're out in the best and beautiful Bordeshead holiday baskets here
with real Italian, not Guito stuff, but Italian stuff.
Provolone cheese and salfri turkey.
And those little cheesecakes.
Mmm.
Saffiche.
Good stuff.
Thanks Richie, you're the best baby.
I'll tell you who else is the best.
What's his name there from sales?
What's all, oh yeah, Ray Perry.
What's his name?
He brought us a big fat one this morning and a big check for plan parrots too.
At a boy Ray, you're doing it.
Yeah, we'll get up 80, 85.
We'll, uh, we'll, uh, we'll, uh, we'll, uh, we'll, uh, we'll know.
We still got another few days to go.
Another nine days before the end of the year.
You can still go to specs.
In fact, if you're still buying last minute gifts, go to specs and pick up the best
meal CD or Cossette specs and date or borrowed Palm Beach.
And even on the West Coast in Naples and Fort Myers, which is pretty damn exciting if you ask me.
Or you can just go to your, I wouldn't do that.
I wouldn't order it off the website now with you.
No, a little bit like, speaking of our website, that pool yesterday,
do I know how to milk it or what?
That's a pretty damn good idea ahead.
But before I tell you my good idea, our pool that we took yesterday,
if the damn thing out here goes, of all the things that Neil talks about,
which is the least interesting to you, 690 votes, which isn't too bad considering like
two thirds of the people are out of town already.
No traffic coming to work this morning.
Well, no, I love that.
No traffic.
And I still don't understand why the hell the kids in Brown are still in school.
Must be a bunch of anti-semites running the school system.
It's Hanukkah, you idiots, you goyam.
I guess nobody let it hold them back because it still looked like everybody was gone anyway.
They just said, you guys were gone.
Anyway, here's how the thing came out.
The thing they least, they find least interesting hockey.
Let's do a hockey show.
No.
That would be a good call.
That would be a good pool.
Which was the worst thing that Rimmer ever did to Neil.
Giving him the tip on the Xerox stock or those hockey shows.
That would be a good pool someday.
No, that would be bad.
All we'll do it on Monday.
No, we won't be here on Monday.
Anyway, hockey, 162, 23.4%.
The track, which I don't talk about the track, but that was the one they decided, you know, 153.
Don't want to hear about the track.
So wait a minute.
The fourth race tonight.
Diet top, 96, 13.9%.
And the stock market's 70, 10.1%.
So the way I look at it, anything with 10% or more is bad.
We're not talking about the market.
Even though the NASDAQ's up 125 points, not up 75.
Because it's the goddamn holidays.
What did I tell you about, Palm?
It's up over, it's almost 29 bucks again now.
It'll be over 30 by the end of the day.
What are you worried about?
And at Cisco?
What's Robert looking for?
Some of Phoebe, some of the kosher stuff.
It's all trade, Robert.
Don't worry about it.
Anyway, the other stuff that we had on our pool, GAY stuff, 50.
Politics, 43.
Inside Radio stuff, 30.
Religion, 30.
Amsterdam, 30.
Health problems, 26.
So that was on the bottom of the bill.
Maybe they love hearing about that.
So what I'm going to do to find out what they really love hearing about is I'm going to turn the pool around.
Upside down.
That's right.
Well, just, Eric, if you're what I'm sure you are, what we'll do is we'll just change the wording on it.
Just one word.
But make sure we put it like in capital letters so they'll understand.
Because some of these people are like a little slow, a little bit slow.
Of all the things Neil talks about, which is the most interesting to you.
How do you like that?
Am I a genius or what?
Some days for just a couple of minutes here and there.
And we'll just leave the same list of a good stuff.
Of all the things that Neil talks about,
which is the most interesting to you.
Health problems.
Yeah, I hope that's not it.
Religion inside Radio Stuff, Amsterdam, politics, gay stuff, the stock market,
Diet Talk, the Trek, or hockey.
And we're kind of like figuring that maybe it'll come out the same way.
Who now knows with this crowd?
So anyway, there's no pressure today.
You don't have to worry about calling because we're not answering the phone.
Just going to play a lot of good stuff for four hours today.
Stuff you haven't heard in a long time.
Some new stuff that you never heard before, a lot of Christmas stuff.
Our good close person, or friend, Josie, on Bald is a bowling ball lambbeat.
Who normal kid for some reason can't seem to stop talking to because he keeps putting
Norma's name in the newspaper.
So I guess that's why Norma keeps talking to this guy.
In his column in the Sunset a Day, he says,
the former owner of sports radio WIOD, they've paid former dolphin,
Tufty, Brian Cox, $125,000 of the same for him not refiling his slander while
soup against the station former host Phil Henry.
Are you sure who's skating on air skits a question the ultra macho cops' manhood?
So what the fuck?
Yeah.
The pact is confidential, but a source close to the situation said IOD's former owner,
Cox Communications paid off the current New York jet linebacker just to get rid of him,
a source close to the situation.
Thing is, the case was settled four months ago without co-defendant Henry or his attorney
hearing a thing about it.
Are you what the former IOD owners did was a cost saving measure said Henry's mouthpiece,
Norma Kent.
They didn't want to continue litigating.
Nobody told us about it because they knew we'd never saidily said.
At times after Cox filed the suit 95, this nitpicking fest involved up to 10 lawyers.
In the meantime, IOD was bought by Clear Channel.
Henry took off for a gig in Tinseltown, a Cox Chains team's twice.
You know, Brian Cox?
He's an asshole.
In 99, the suit was dismissed outright by Broward Court.
The thick necker however appealed to the dismissal of one permission to refile in Broward.
That's when the former station owner threw in the towel,
the company's lawyer didn't return the call for comments.
The ball players attorney said the client wasn't allowed to talk.
He's mom.
All he would say was,
so what did, yeah, which we've heard before.
So nice going there, Cox brought casting.
There's 125 grand down the toilet.
But it's a temp change.
As somebody I know would say, that's just small potatoes.
It's a temp change.
A couple of other minor things.
And since nobody wants to hear about hockey, Michael Mayo, great column today, Mike,
he's getting there.
He's a loyal listener to the show.
Call the show on Monday.
Listen right now.
Happy out to you, Luke.
Do you, Michael?
Mosquits or Mayo Wits or whatever your name is?
Brewery is right to vent.
I'm not going to read it because I know that nobody that's the,
oh, kiss a death on this show.
I try to tell you, remember, it's the kiss of death.
Those hockey shows.
You're a crazy person.
But anyway,
but it's a great column in right on target.
You're getting a little bit warm there, Mike.
Maybe starting to like, you know,
get on the verge of being like a real writer.
You keep working at it, sweetheart.
And maybe you'll get there someday.
Eight minutes after 10 at 560 WQM.
No force number seven.
No duties.
Did that be a strong decision?
No, no, no.
W-H-L-N, decent glass cast group incorporated.
I'm, are you happy?
I hate W. I'll do your games.
I'm so good.
I'll be, I'm happy.
No, this is Tom Bo-Dead from Major Six.
We know you've been traveling a lot this holiday season.
You've probably been told there's no room at the end.
Well, that's just not the case here at Major Six.
Why for just 29, Dr. Nakano will put you up in a warm, comfortable stable with plenty of fresh milk for the newborn.
There's even individual stalls for your mutals, camels or whatever you happen to be driving across a desert.
And in case unexpected visitors decide to drop in on you,
shepherds, wise men, holy ghosts,
it's not a problem of Major Six.
There's plenty of frankincense and murder to go around.
This is Tom Bo-Dead from Major Six reminding you,
there's always room at this end.
We'll even leave a star out for you.
So we got to, Eric's got the new pole up there.
What did I tell you?
We've only got 10 votes on there so far,
but the early returns are kind of amusing as usual.
Of all the things Neo talks about, which is the most interesting to you,
tied from first with two votes at peace, religion, inside radio, stuff and hockey.
You heard him sing on Alimic Neo.
And now Robert Downey Jr. sings just for you,
a collection of Robert Downey Jr. holiday questions.
This Christmas, I'm on the crack bike again.
Well, the judge has been so damn spiteful,
just because I had a pipe bolt,
but your honor I've got to go.
Bison blow, bison blow, bison blow.
Cutting through my coat,
with a rusty razor blade,
a lot of fun to smoke,
trying to evade the cops on dress and blue,
adding down my jeans.
Good thing for me that I swallowed my instead of me.
It's the most wonderful time of the year.
There'll be hookers of plenty,
as I pop a penny,
chase down with a beer.
It's the most wonderful time of the year.
Robert Downey Jr.
is Christmas crack pipe.
On the streets of Los Angeles,
at 2.45 am,
I hide the rock down in my sock,
I just want seven of them.
Oh!
It's the holiday album for the entire crack house.
I'll be jailed for Christmas.
You'll also hear Little Druggy Boy.
I saw Santa breaking several laws,
and decked the halls with boughs of proclamps,
with special appearances by Charlie Sheen,
the Brent Butler,
Willie Nelson,
and many other celebrities who ruin their careers.
The Robert Downey Jr. Christmas album.
What are you doing this year?
Me?
I'll be jailed for Christmas.
I'm going to stop that.
Robert, stop that.
Robert, stop that.
Robert, stop that.
Robert, stop that.
Robert, stop that.
Robert, stop that.
Robert, stop that.
Garrett, stop that.
Do it.
Pete deserves it.
Thank you very much.
Robert, stop that.
No matter how much we're working,
we'd love a lot.
He's always so nice to hear,
It is an act with a dream that dreams come true.
He gets my burden so I keep saying
Take it easy for me.
Take it easy for me...
Take it easy for me...
Take it easy...
Well, good morning.
This is President.
Sorry.
Ross President Al Gore with my weekly radio address.
You know, I'm getting a little perturbed at all this indecision on the part of the court.
One day I'm dead the next day I'm the president and then the next day I'm dead again.
I've got some things I'd like to say about the United States Supreme Court.
Anton Scalia is a nose picker.
John Paul Stevens is in continent.
William Rankwist dabbled with a two-pay in the 70s.
Sandra Day O'Connor was caught by Janet Reena in a compromising position.
I can't recall which judges are formally or against me.
So I'm just going to say something about all of them and then if it turns out they support me,
I'll take back what I said about the good ones.
So, continuance, Anthony Kennedy does not wear underpants.
Even Breyer, everyone knows is a llama lover.
David Souter, one word, internet porno.
Ruth Bader Ginsburg has a new picture of Martina Navaritola on her refrigerator and clearance Thomas.
Well, I think we all know what he's done to the public.
Let's resolve this issue quickly so I can take back at least five horrible things I've said.
This is our door and God bless the United States of America.
I'm seating like a white Christian up at the Jews and gay homies.
How I'd love to bury those lies killed in the fairies, who don't know the Bible like I know.
I'm sitting like a white Christian.
And how we all must think and act alike and not to think whenever it's appropriate.
Yeah, wouldn't it be wonderful that everybody in the world was white and Christian and looked the same and said the same things.
Boring, I don't think so.
No, to me, that would be paradise and the Republican way.
I'm seating like a white Christian and how we all must think alike.
All the games blackened yet long must die until everybody is Christian and what?
All of the context and text is waiting on dead rolls.
They all know when the time is up all the way over which we'll put a switch and light them up.
If you're in Texas, what would you do could be for Jews and for us to get five George W.
He got the record and he's not done yet. He's five thirty years in the long-star city gate.
Way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way
way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way jump, go all the places further, even a place, people more and more great, fluctuations, to unrivalled, hardcore figures, like the source of people, but with just like the destination there took for the اللi hardest times, people in those city last season, or forgive for not giving you the written words all the credit, you know take?
My step-thoreg would be, because it was great without a cry.
I wanna wish them a merry Christmas.
I wanna wish them a merry Christmas.
I wanna wish them a merry Christmas.
While they're smoking, all of my blood.
I wanna wish them a merry Christmas.
I wanna wish them a merry Christmas.
I wanna wish them a merry Christmas.
While they're smoking, all of my blood.
Police can't make fun.
Police can't make fun.
Police can't make fun.
They can't just get it all I got.
Police can't make fun.
Police can't make fun.
Police can't make fun.
They can't just get it all I got.
I wanna wish them a merry Christmas.
I wanna wish them a merry Christmas.
I wanna wish them a merry Christmas.
While they're smoking, all of my blood.
I wanna wish them a merry Christmas.
I wanna wish them a merry Christmas.
Oh yeah, you're gonna, you're gonna, you're gonna be your home
All of them in there, that's where you should go
Oh boy, I got them, you're gonna get them to pay
This is the day, this is the day, and this is the day
Now for what we say then, so I can't let them go
Don't be someone's lady, I hate it, and this is what you're doing
And you're being your prison phone, don't want to take it to you
I hate it, and this is the day, and this is the day
Oh yeah, don't be silly, yeah, don't be silly, I just like the love
I just like the love, I just like the love, yeah
Yeah, you're gonna be your prison phone, don't hear you really slow
Call it, I say, that's it, and this is the day
You can't see, you're blind, and I know when you get back up on them
They put them on the one, the one, the neither, the reason
And everyone will laugh at you today
I hate it, and this is the day, and this is the day
You can't see, you're blind, and I know when you get back up on them
They put them on the one, the neither, the reason
And everyone will laugh at you today
You can't see, you're blind, and I know when you get back up on them
They put them on the one, the neither, the reason
I'm a show, but stay there
I'm gonna make it known just what you like
A big family member, you're round your time
I know you want something to get you
Come on, come on, I have a problem here
I repeat, I have a problem here
You're blind, and I know when you get back up on them
You got me, you got me, you got me
You're getting out of here
Listen, it's good enough for Denise Klopp and it's good enough for us, George
1026 at 560 WQM, look at that pole, baby
Of all the things Neil talked about, which is the most interesting to you
Number one, hockey, 18
Religion 16, politics 10, inside radio stuff 9
Gaste of, fag stuff
6, Amsterdam 5, the stock market 3, the track 2, help problems 1 and diatalk
None
What do I tell you?
Go up this instant
All right, ladies, gather around the man's Freddy
On the count of 3, 1, 2, 3
From the grassy courts I will move on to the bars where we all play
We are angry, dice, move back
Full of those who are anti-gay
So careful, we'll browse that as it's be stuck on our rubber
We declare to all old women that we will get in our legs
Our houses are all high on me, our batteries are full
We make our choices early as to who we will push forward
And we say to you, repub against the shirts with too much stars
We will gather to be washing things from the middle of clam large
Excuse me, soldier, are you from Rotor-Rooter or just happy to say me?
The toy stores now, it's the Al Gore talking exploding down
Well, thanks, mom, this new Al Gore talking exploding down is cool
All of their votes are counted, recount after recount, recount after recount
The Al Gore talking exploding down, do not use the house
I have confided to contest that's inaccurate and incomplete
Just like you have to watch the video
You're one of us, gentlemen
We're gay
We're gay
We're gay
We're gay
We're gay
We're gay
We're gay
We're gay
We're gay
We're gay
We're gay
We're gay
But while I understand a chainsaw to a writer
He hands me gloves
His boots
Take me to the military
We canÕt be radical
Still stripped
While heез and rage
For what he is right, I'll be in the middle of the world.
New land, you see black marlins don't want so far.
A big black mouth, a fatally, and stuck between your thighs.
Screw on!
You don't think that they're laying a jar with each roll.
But another boy has saw anybody with his giant clothing shawl.
That's what you'll fail, right?
Roll!
What rolls up your ass and die?
What's that knife?
You think you'll be in the middle of the world?
No, it's not.
It's not.
It's not.
It's not.
It's not.
Screw where?
You'll be the big job bank tonight.
I smack your hand and bruise up your body the way you like.
Screw where?
You get my bow, your long and strong.
You carry their money to hold your hand no fair if it's wrong.
Yes.
You got it, you wife.
You just beat my son.
The kind of big three life.
You know how to do it right.
You got it big with those kids you got.
You're close.
Just in time for the holiday season.
From epic records.
It's an Eddie better Christmas.
It's called Italy.
Purple bomb bomb.
It's been new walking to me.
Purple bomb bomb.
I have a new bomb.
That's right gang.
Listen to your favorite Pearl Jam frontman belt out his favorite Christmas classics.
And his 3 CD box set.
Which is guaranteed front for the entire family.
So sit back and relax and listen to Eddie better.
Sing Christmas.
Oh, John.
I can't believe it.
It's the time of year.
Oh, I'm saying.
You're my anchor.
Yes.
The man that brought you even flow.
Daughter.
Black and several other Pearl Jam songs that all sound the same.
Sing Christmas classics that you'll have to enjoy for years to come.
Yes.
And the snow.
One world so this late.
Oh, you're so sad.
And the way that.
Any better Christmas available now from epic records.
I'm dreaming of a white neighbor.
Just like one that I used to know.
Where the longs were trimmed.
And the far's had ran.
So what do you think?
So very long ago.
I'm dreaming of a white neighbor.
With every fossil sign I'm right.
Every day see Mary and Mary.
And May.
Oh, you're new neighbor.
You are a new neighbor.
Those adorable little ruts are back at a brand new adventure.
The Democrats and parents.
There's the mouth.
Don't just talk the talk but walk the walk.
The best way to feed the birds is to give more oats to the horse.
The stud.
I am not satisfied.
And the wild one more than a hundred thousand positions.
And me the newest infant, the pimple Chad.
If you thought what the Democrats did in Florida was weird.
Wait till you see what they do to the French.
Take your whole family to see the Democrats and parents.
Rated G.O.P.
Now Shorian select Florida counties.
This election doesn't matter.
22 before 11 at 5.60 W.D.Q.
I'm happy holidays from all your friends and the rest of us too.
Here at Q.I.M.
Hey, how's that pull coming, Fantzo?
122 votes so far of all the things Neal talks about.
Which is the most interesting to you.
Or as I've now would say interesting.
Hockey 32.
Oh, yeah.
Number one by a mile and drawn away.
Religion 23, politics 21, inside radio stuff 19.
Gay stuff 11.
Amsterdam 6, the stock market 4, the track 2, diatalk 2,
and even health problems too.
As in, my side is killing me.
Not, but I'll work on it.
The Neal Roger Show Sports Radio 5.60.
Q.I.M.
I'm a free H.U.
On the first day of Hanukkah, my parents gave to me.
A picture of my bad, and for me.
On the second day of Hanukkah, my parents gave to me.
Two-said in trade, only a picture of my bad, and for me.
On the third day of Hanukkah, my parents gave to me.
Three-hobby-serts, two-said in trade, only a picture of my bad, and for me.
Oh, what?
Oh, you look at it.
What's that weird thing on the head?
It's your face.
Hi.
On the fourth day of Hanukkah.
Oh, what's that?
That's cool.
My parents gave to me.
Wow, these kosher candy, three-hobby-serts, two-said in trade, only a picture of my bad, and for me.
Think the trade will sound.
No.
Three-hobby-serts, three-hobby-serts, only a picture of my bad, and for me.
And when the one is lodging, I'll throw the thing away.
No, but that's nice.
Fight me.
On the fifth day of Hanukkah.
My parents yelled at me.
For wanting a Christmas tree.
Oh, the candy's got one.
Maybe Jimmy's Catholic.
Oh.
And not wanting candy.
No, I'm not wanting sugar.
Not wanting trails.
Or a picture of my bad, and for me.
Oh, man.
On the sixth day of Hanukkah.
My parents made me sing.
If I'd love a rich man,
No.
No, I'm not.
I've been in song every year.
In front of my family.
I'm a...
On the seventh day of Hanukkah.
Not bad.
My parents made me sing.
Seven three three lockers.
Good.
If I'd want a rich man.
I want a Christmas tree.
I want a Christmas tree.
I want a Christmas tree.
It's Christmas tree.
Now.
Why is this a cut?
On the eighth day of Hanukkah.
My parents gave to me.
Nothing that I wanted.
It's a Christmas tree.
Yes, my world of rich.
Where is my Christmas tree?
I'll be told you candy.
Three candy shirts, two thinking straight-ups.
And a picture of my bad, and for me.
Oh, man.
Hanukkah.
Hey.
I'll go and get rolled over by the rain here.
Call the United States Supreme Court.
Just one of me people, it was over.
It looks like he gave up all his little shorts.
Well, I'm afraid that this is a shocker.
I'll bury it, then.
Because I just needed one more push.
Well, I'm not going saying like John Rocker.
If I wanted to lose things at George W. Bush.
He might just go and say.
All the counting spent suspended.
What's your balance now?
All my votes taken away.
No pregnant child will count.
Well, I feel like I've been rear-ended.
And upon my head, there's this the Christmas boy.
Because I work at Ronald Barbarian here.
Cause the United States Supreme Court.
It looks like he made by maybe a bird.
And I'll go and make me inside to a boy.
You know what?
This is a shock.
There was a blue.
There I am.
Well, that's it.
That is too much.
There I am.
There I am.
There I am.
There I am.
There I am.
There I am.
There I am.
There I am.
There I am.
There I am.
There I am.
There I am.
Oh, no, no, no, no.
It means that he won't.
Cause who can make more healthy?
Is all this it used to be?
It used to be.
It used to be.
In Grace Blood.
It used to be.
There is an execute.
It used to be.
It used to be.
It used to be.
It used to be.
It used to be.
It used to be.
It used to be.
It used to be.
It used to be.
It used to be.
It used to be.
They were delicious, didn't they?
Gosu Stat geh has appeared in the back ground of grabs because they were making a fresh
As the last Bra глав玩 was delivered to Us;;
The princes were red and scarlet,
oks and charal curries were sacrificed.
By the time they were drunk,
they were drawn out of beds.
The reconcile of liars.
Look in the heaven, every night I'm at home, and I'm watching TV.
Oh, don't move, I have to sit. All this dumb movies and listen to.
Whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever
Whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever
Whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever
Whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever
Whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever
Whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever
Whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever
Whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever
Whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, whenever, anytime when the earth is blank and 순서뛨 or shining moon, everything is happening, and settling its own drops and limits are the military world, they're the greatest just one thing I'm going for.
Every day of the day, as we one emote the death of very Merry Christmas to you, death, death, YES, very Christmas everybody is very Christmas everybody is very Christmas everybody is very Christmas everybody is very party 270
Isn't
And I kept in Christmas on the decorate of Christmas tree.
Or we'd water out for root, or put there something wrong with me.
My people don't believe in Jesus Christ is in it.
I'm a Jew, a lonely Jew, on Christmas.
Part of her is nice for while she's there.
The Santa Fe's over my house every year.
And instead of being time I have to recall she's like me.
Instead of silent night I'm singing move I don't got me.
And what the fuck is up? We're fighting on the f**king Santa Fe please.
I'm a Jew, a lonely Jew.
I can't be married, her honey grew on Christmas.
Here's a little boy I couldn't help but hear.
He feels and left out of Christmas cheer.
I've come to say that she shouldn't be sad.
This is the one month that you should be glad.
So this is nice to be a Jew, a lonely Jew.
You don't have to deal with the season at all.
You don't have to be on your best behavior.
Or give the chair a theme.
You don't have to go to Grandma's house with your alcoholic family.
I thought I'd have to get on something Santa's back and have a baby.
That's our dream.
I say you're a Jew.
I'm styling Jew.
It's a good time to be a Jew.
I'm a Jew.
I'm a Jew.
Hey!
Santa, this is a good time to be a Jew.
Santa, this is a good time to be a Jew.
I'm a Jew.
How about that?
Why are you doing it here?
How about that?
How about that?
How about that?
Don't flag yet.
I don't hear it flag.
That's my little Santa, Bella.
What's wrong?
What's wrong, come on.
Who can do it?
Do you leave any marks?
Who's surprised?
How about you surprise?
I'm gonna throw you eggs out.
Or I'm gonna fire you in.
I got good news.
I'm like in the middle of an medium experience.
It's not too bad.
What is the most interesting to you?
What do you say?
I'm gonna throw you eggs out.
I'm gonna throw you eggs out.
I'm gonna throw you eggs out.
I'm gonna throw you eggs out.
I'm gonna throw you eggs out.
I'm gonna throw you eggs out.
I'm gonna throw you eggs out.
I'm gonna throw you eggs out.
I'm gonna throw you eggs out.
I'm gonna throw you eggs out.
I'm gonna throw you eggs out.
I'm gonna throw you eggs out.
Get a lift from a
the Grinch and another man who seems to be attempting to steal, not
Christmas, but the election?
Hmm, I'll just leave you with that thought as I talk about the
Hoos who seem to represent the innocent, ignorant people of America.
Why are the Hoos noses up near their eyes?
Could it possibly be because they're sick and smelling the rhetoric
to Republican Party is shoveling?
Hmm, another strange parallel.
Let's talk about the Hoos who does and the Boo Boo Boo's,
which are portrayed in this wonderful holiday classic.
I believe the Hoos who birth and the Boo Boo Boo birth,
bear a striking resemblance to Dick Cheney and Colin Powell.
It was if Ron Howard and imagined entertainment were saying,
look, look at the travesty that George Bush is perpetrating on America.
But I could also be mistaken.
There are the phones continuing to ring with people
upset over the Hoos and Hoos else and the Bush it's trying to go to Washington.
I'll answer that and see you next week with my radio address.
Okay, I, you're my little brother, so I have to show you how to celebrate Hanukkah.
This is called a dream. You spin it and see where it lands and you sing this song.
I have a little traitor I made it out of play and when it's trying ready
with Jadol I shall play. Oh Jadol Jadol Jadol I made you out of play.
Jadol Jadol Jadol with Jadol I shall play.
Now you try. I just spin it with your fingers like this.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
there's a little traitor. It's not a major thing, but I'm not gonna play with it cuz say the f***ing game Right, just· you won't lifespan up T.entsz
Let me try.
I'll try to make it fit.
It fell off try again.
I'll try to make it fit.
I'll try to make it fit.
I'll try to make it fit.
I'll try to make it fit.
I'll try to make it fit.
I'll try to make it fit.
I'll try to make it fit.
I'll try to make it fit.
I'll try to make it fit.
I'll try to make it fit.
Hello boys.
Hello.
You boys are all playing traitals now.
No, the traitals are five on a transaction.
Does something happen in TIPS?
Yes.
Yes.
Then when you are to make it fit,
I'll try to make it fit.
If I am ready, wad jeder, I saw everybody
get all real!
We are just outside!
Okay We are just outside!
Don't you
I love you!
You are so hot
on that show
cheese
We're singing about a cradle.
Oh, sorry.
You spoke about the lighter stuff.
How about a jar, a candle?
Happy ride of friends, happy ride of friends.
Happy weekend, happy ride of friends.
Happy weekend, happy ride of friends.
Happy weekend, happy ride of friends.
Happy weekend, happy ride, happy ride of friends.
He lay upon the high waves, his body was stiff and cold.
I bet he never saw the car, correening through the snow.
The light shone brightly in his eyes, and then they lay in blood.
I came upon the road and lifted him up, my brother.
Will all of them joyfully rest from the land we snobby joyfully?
We can't go wrong, those brides will live, they really need us in your tea.
We'll place the end, those frontings begin before dawn, our翼 shitty day without a seat.
Oh, look at that market.
Can you believe this?
Another 30 days of this day after day and we'll make a few bucks back.
Nine minutes after 11 at 560 WQM, that pool is really smoking.
196 votes already of the things that Neil talks about, which is the most interesting
new.
Number one, hockey.
O!
That's more.
Well, 43.
We're religion 41.
Politics and inside radio stuff tied with 33.
Gaste of 20 and I'm stood on with nine.
Stock market seven, the track with four, die talk with four, and health problems.
Two.
Should have made that more specific like bowel problems.
Happy holidays from our good buddy Nick Jr. and Nick Sr. and Mike and George who left
his cell phone here.
I'll see he doesn't listen to show.
He has no way of knowing.
They came back for it.
Huh?
I'm listening right now.
Happy holidays George.
Anyway, Nick's where you get low factory direct pricing and some of the greatest regards
ever made in history of the human race.
The great Prado Mo Reservant, my favorite, which I got a whole box over right here because
Frank didn't get his hands on these.
And by the way, speaking of the holidays, Frank, that's for you, no extra charge.
Okay, f**king blow.
I smoke to the door.
He lay after us.
It makes it.
It's all right.
I smoke to the door.
He's a guy of people.
He's a dude inside him of law.
I smoke to the door.
He's a guy of people.
I smoke to the door.
I'm just too much.
Oh, my daddy.
He wants to meet.
He's done.
You see how he's working.
Man.
But mama, he wants to meet.
He's done.
He's done.
He's done.
He's done.
He's done.
He's done.
He's done.
He's done.
He's done.
He's done.
He's done.
He's done.
He's done.
He's done.
He's done.
He's done.
He's done.
He's done.
He's done.
He's done.
He's done.
The pop the cake.
Then mama screams,
She wants to meet.
And she won't even get the ball.
People say she can't see that much at all.
Think she better.
SheK lateral.
You'd better take care of the sides.
That's why I smoke to enjoy, it's a morning
I smoke to enjoy the night
I smoke to enjoy, it's a day after you
It makes you feel alright
I smoke to enjoy, it's time of feast
It's doing time of war
I smoke to enjoy, it's time of feast
And then I smoke to more, to enjoy
That's what I do
Give up everything I want
Give up love
I smoke to enjoy, it's time of feast
With me, as a morning
I smoke to enjoy, it's time of feast
With me, as the afternoon
I smoke to enjoy, it's time of feast
That's what I do, it makes me feel alright
I smoke to enjoy, it's time of feast
Oh, Lord, tell us now.
Oh, Lord, tell us now.
That's what I do.
That's what I do.
Oh, Lord, tell us now.
You approach a beautiful woman's car.
She will not let you in.
Because she has the snub.
Get out of here, you dog.
The snub.
Look, I told you I don't want you near me, okay?
I told you I don't want my weird shield clean.
I don't need my car clean.
I don't need you in the plane.
I want you to get out of my face right now.
Shut the fuck up.
Because let me tell you something.
I know you trying to pick me up.
I know it.
I know it for a fact.
Okay.
There you go.
Like my full chest.
Put it on the wall.
Put it on the wall.
Hang some buildings from behind.
Put it on the wall.
Put it on the wall.
I'm in the jacket.
It's got the body.
It's got the body.
And that's it.
Put it on the wall.
Put it on the wall.
It's registered after some nipple.
Put it on the wall.
Knees your buns like Mr. Wiffle.
Put it on the wall.
You'll always get to keep reactions.
Put it on the wall.
If you grab your bow,
like my full chest.
Put it on the wall.
AZEL JB
minute literally
I
I'm going to be a little bit more
I'm going to be a little bit more
I feel we see the delight
And the goal is our deep and sweet lips sleep
The silence is our no-bye
The silence is our no-bye
We see the delight
The delight is our no-bye
The hope is here
Although the year of it
It is the night
The night is our no-bye
We see the delight
The delight is our no-bye
We see the delight
The delight is our no-bye
The silence is our no-bye
Your bones are far
In this deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep
You can smell
The dumb ones did it by that awful smell
What the hell did you eat?
It melts just like rock and roll
Dying in part, day in part
I cut one and pay part
I got the woman's head swam all around
She was wearing a terrible crown
I walked right out of that play
With a space pile of my day
Dying in part, deadly part
New winged is wide and hard
Last one I got down for a fight
I thought it was your game of life
If you're in church when you do
You'll have to stay in your doom
In the nobody's heart today
I've been there since I've been here
I want to know who cut the cheese
Six to jeans, that had the machine
A sweet and non-withbiting beat
Just the gyre of two to beat
Six to jeans, that had the machine
Just the jeans, that had the machine
A sweet, had the cat's leg stuck to me
For the doubts, women can leave
She can shake that tasty knee
She was wide inside the black and white
Looking like a real cool dancing pool
Look at her go swinging high and low
We could go in first, far to go to
Just the jeans, that had the machine
That had the chance to go on a thing
She'll not be walking her feet
When you near her well and shake
I thought of that having a grump in like a rabbit
When the music turned me on
I know it's not happy but I'm so glad
Damn happy that you did it all
The sweet and the swing of none
The chasing fountain's on a fund
That ain't bad for 85
That's as much as really fine
13 to that machine
13 to that machine
13 to that machine
13 to that machine
13 to that machine
13 to that machine
13 to that machine
13 to that machine
13 to that machine
13 to that machine
13 to that machine
13 to that machine
13 to that machine
Run the 25 at 5.60 QM
Here's another picker that pool
226 votes
Of all the things Neil talks about
I won't leave this up to him on the day of course
We're gonna be here on Monday
No
Which is the most interesting to you
As opposed to the one yesterday the least interesting
Number one hockey
Of course 49 anybody would know that
Religion number 245
Politics 42 inside radio crap
38 gays stuff 20 Amsterdam 12
Stockmarket 9 not too good
The track five diatalk four and health problems
Up here
But Neil Roger show
Sports radio 560
QAM
Come on
Come on
With that live here at the
W QAM Christmas
Folk parade is bought
A day
Yeah
It's fun
Look at the boat
Yeah it looks like
A nice feature of yacht
Heading this way
Take it in, white drip
Wait for a sec
Yeah it looks like
Looks like the owner is trying to say something
Look at me
Hey listen in shall we
That's right
Look at me
On two thrills
That help us move
Money I have in you
Keep worshipping me
That's right
My middle name
Let's hear it from my good fortune
While you go on to your macaroni and cheese
It's fine
Looks like we got someone on a line
Apparently has the bridge locked up in a position
Along
Do you wear the maritime suit
Or do you wear the season eight
A thousand times
I should stop
Man never realized that
Well
I don't know about you
I found a lots of idiotic
That's that's a small
Thank you for your draw
Here comes the WQAM yacht
That's not a yacht
That's not a yacht
Oh having you're right
That looks like a ski tool
Yeah
Looks like the sales staff
Attemptes in the form of human churr angle
Is that
It's high point trying to get on top
Oh my God
Who's that?
Audio Managing!
We'll be right back after the latest finger-pages,
for the Mrs. Dana-Cotties-Mahasori School.
This Christmas, PBS, presents a Christmas special
the whole family can enjoy.
In the fine Kusto tradition, Christmas, on the Kalibzal,
the under the tree world of Jaku Sto.
It is our very special morning.
Last night, the cruel star stand turned in her bunk
in eager anticipation of what awaits us this day.
Suddenly, our quiet slumber is interrupted by a huge noise
on the deck of the fish.
We investigate and find the unmistakable footprints
of eight tiny old creatures.
How did these eight strange mammals make the incredible journey
across the seas to our secluded location?
We can only speculate.
My first major on cloth back ends to the rest of the crew.
Everyone, come quickly, look at these!
The deck of the Kalibzal is full with many packages
all wrapped in brightly colored paper and ribbons.
Reminiscent of the beautiful karsie of fish,
indigenous to the psychedelic waters
in the bay of San Francisco.
I am reminded of my dangerous encounter
with a prickly back soccer fish,
whose poison is stingy,
can twist a mind's mind like a candy cane.
We are overwhelmed by the generosity of the mysterious visitor,
who has caught a warm feeling and special moment
to twelve very cold and lonely men.
The members of the crew dive under the tree
without the benefit of wet suit or oxygen supplies.
I am concerned that they sub-freeze in temperatures
and bitter Arctic winds may freeze the balls of our tree,
but on as well.
And you'll glow this piece to discover
the large rectangular box containing
the brightly colored, floppy, earbed bunny slaters
are indeed foreign.
They are just as eyes and fit
as large hairy feet as normally as the pearl
in the shell of the mature voices.
To my dismay, I discover I have once again been overlooked.
Oh, Kepitsam, what a shame!
I am a gas, but at least the cold will be useful
in the cold winter months to come.
The under the tree world of Jacques Huston,
this Christmas on PBS.
As he leaps towards another lulfish on the fire,
this smell is overwhelming.
Oh, please, you!
Who cut the camel bell?
I'm going in, sir.
Hey, President, now.
Oh, hello, hello, please.
Keep up, my favorite song.
Oh, first day in Christmas.
Oh, my dad gave to me an American president, Steve.
Oh, the third day in Christmas.
Wait a minute.
One star, Steve.
You're not counted.
The day is right.
It's my understanding that there are 12 days of Christmas
and you have counted only the second day
which has every right to be there.
So, right.
I'm George Bush, right?
I suggest that you recount from the top,
follow along with me.
Okay.
On the 12th day of Christmas,
which comes in gate to me,
11 electoral votes.
On the 10th day of Christmas.
How you skipped 11th.
You said 11th.
Now, that was only a proposition to a numerical phrase.
Now, start again.
On the 13th day of Christmas.
That again to me.
That's it.
You can have a America, obviously.
Now, what about this topic?
You better watch out.
You better not cry.
You better not shout.
I'm telling you why.
Christmas music strives in the nuts.
I hear it when I'm shopping.
I hear it in the mall.
I hear it on the radio.
And I can't take it no more.
So I'm taking my act.
I'm heading downtown.
Gonna hack Colbo's loudspeakers down.
Christmas music striving.
Me nuts.
Everybody.
We hear it when we're shopping.
Christmas music begins.
I think I'd rather have it so much.
It's all in my ears.
So we're forming a mob.
We're doing it right.
We're gonna have a real silent night.
Christmas music striving.
Huts know.
Christmas music striving.
Huts know.
Huts know.
Just hear those ATMs ringing in.
Give a mean buggy Yahoo.
Come on.
It's lovely when we go bankrupt together with you.
Charge it up.
Charge it up.
Charge it up.
Yo ho.
Let's jump in the hole.
Two to two.
No twenty-first step or so.
Charge it up.
Charge it up.
Twenty grand.
Now check out my plan.
I'm writing a book and it looks like chapter 13.
I love doing it.
It's the lottery.
I'm an unlucky old school.
So I guess it's lovely when we go bankrupt together with you.
You, you, you, and you.
I'm just gonna talk about that on the air.
You don't understand how buried under presence we are between the friends and the family.
Oh, by the way, Neil was never here today.
That was all on tape.
He just, he cut the live spots and a few little generic things.
And he was never here.
The chocolate isn't good.
Oh, this is awful.
Really?
Yeah.
I have one of those.
Should we do a live tasting on it?
What's awful about it?
How can it be?
How can chocolate be bad?
The outer shell is just a treasure.
Well, I'm freaking on a cough drop right now.
So that would be, you know, I'll have to wait and cleanse the palate.
So wonderful, exciting show today.
My favorite kind of show where we don't take any calls and just play a bunch of crap.
Only he's already played all the Christmas things.
So if you hear some things twice, oops.
Because I'm not going to remember what he played.
There's maybe three things in here that he hasn't played.
And then the rest of the day we're going to fill with, I don't know, other things that aren't Christmas.
What do you think, Joe?
Because we don't want to play.
Now, if you want to answer the phones, that's up to you.
We're not going to talk to anybody on the air.
But if you want to answer the phones and take verbal abuse on this day before Christmas,
day before Christmas, day before whatever on the house.
So you're not taking phone calls?
No, but if you want to actually pick up the phone and see what maybe there is a phone call.
And then there's some things that these people want to hear that we're not going to think to play.
I'm going to root through all of the old things.
Christmas first and then on or upward.
Okay, I'll get out of here.
I'll take some.
They'll take some calls.
Calls?
Yeah.
Okay, you.
In there.
But we're just going to kill time in here.
Wait, I just played that.
That's what I just played.
And I played that one.
Which one haven't I played?
This one.
I came upon a road to kill a sorrowful sight to behold.
He lay upon the heart he made it.
His body was skinned and cold.
I bet he never saw the car,
corining through the snow.
The light shown bright,
He lay in his eyes,
and then they laid him low.
I came upon a road to kill,
and lifted him low.
Will I and your life be pleased?
My land will be not be yours.
He can't afford those proud little kids.
They really did not in your team.
Will play the endless run we have failed upon our holiday ring.
I came upon a road to kill a sorrowful sight to behold.
He gave his all the more beautiful children.
He was the one who made the most beautiful children.
He was the one who made the most beautiful children.
He was the one who made the most beautiful children.
He was the one who made the most beautiful children.
He was the one who made the most beautiful children.
He was the one who made the most beautiful children.
He was the one who made the most beautiful children.
He was the one who made the most beautiful children.
He was the one who made the most beautiful children.
He was the one who made the most beautiful children.
Well, now, don't you tell me to lie.
I looked at Monica big fat died.
The star of public use I can't deny.
I hate her big and hairy butt.
You, Yahoo, who are new.
My president of juice was squirted on you.
I love Monica.
I'm an old old house.
I rolled that boy sick wheelless down.
Nicking out with Monica.
I'm a president.
I'm a president.
I'm a friggin' post.
The time is now when I'm coming.
Please, I like my boys with cherished and creep.
The boys on the hill see they may be.
Or if we're getting sucked by the two time in leech.
I'm trying to hire a client for these legit.
If she didn't spit, they must be quick.
We're looking at the over-entxed up flow.
I'm trying to be Hillary like a homotite dope.
Never stop a Hillary that's all I know.
She's all a kid busy with January.
No.
Second time ever, no one has me a bump.
I'm a very, very smart, but I keep my head.
I get the death mark and take a test.
Excuse me, gentlemen.
I'm getting a stand.
I'm trying to be Hillary.
I'm trying to be Hillary.
I'm trying to be Hillary.
I'm trying to be Hillary.
I'm trying to be Hillary.
I'm trying to be Hillary.
I'm trying to be Hillary.
I'm trying to be Hillary.
I'm trying to be Hillary.
I'm trying to be Hillary.
I'm trying to be Hillary.
I'm trying to be Hillary.
I'm trying to be Hillary.
I'm trying to be Hillary.
Okay, so that's working out.
The you taking calls out there and taking suggestions that they don't suck.
They don't suck.
They don't suck.
They don't suck.
They don't suck.
They don't suck.
They don't suck.
They don't suck.
They don't suck.
They don't suck.
They don't suck.
They don't suck.
They don't suck.
They don't suck.
They don't suck.
They don't suck.
They don't suck.
They don't suck.
They don't suck.
They don't suck.
They don't suck.
They don't suck.
They don't suck.
They don't suck.
It's going to be there.
Russell disobey the thing that has been creepy.
I think it's going to be right to data data data.
I think it's going to be right to talk to you about the damage those kids have but also going to be kicking the fuss.
I think it's going to be right to talk to you.
I think it's going to be right to talk to you about the pull them up.
I can't see
Just got to be free
Free to face the guy
Get the head of me
And then I'm checking
The friend of me
With your picture baby
And then I'm checking
With your picture
Take it
And then I'm checking
I'm looking at you
With my candy in the wind
But I need my wind
Yeah, I'm happy, can't say
I take a picture baby
And it dreams me high
We need happy forever
Just the way we go
But still have, we miss that
And the proud of girl
And we care
We care, we care
We care
Let's give it a big hand
Yeah, but I'm not here
I want to take the candy
And then I'm checking
I'm checking
I'm checking
I'm checking
I'm checking
I'm checking
I'm checking
I'm checking
I'm checking
I'm checking
I'm not a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm
no man, I'm far more forward. There's no way, yah, life is no
way, yah, life becomes no way. I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm
a man. I'm a man, who I shouldn't go anywhere, hum.
I'm going to get you.
I'm going to get you.
I'm going to get you.
I'm going to get you.
I'm going to get you.
I'm going to get you.
I'm going to get you.
I'm going to get you.
I'm going to get you.
I'm going to get you.
I'm going to get you.
I'm going to get you.
I'm going to get you.
I'm going to get you.
I'm going to get you.
I'm going to get you.
I'm going to get you.
I'm going to get you.
give us 9 seconds.
we're going to go.
We'll go this way, too.
this way, too.
I'm going to get him.
I'm sure there is no Christmas in the silly middle.
Welcome.
No trees, no, no, no, Santa Claus.
They have different religious feelings.
They believe in Muhammad and not in our holiday.
And so every December I go to the middle.
He sent a letter.
Play the mister Muslim, Mary fucking Christmas.
Put down that book to call ran and hear some holiday wishes.
In case you haven't noticed, if Jesus said birthday,
so get off your heath and mud for a massive fucking cell of rite.
There is no holiday season in India, I've heard.
They don't hang up their stockings and that is just absurd.
They never read a Christmas story.
They don't know what root office is about.
And that is why in December I'll go to India and China.
Play the mister Hinduism, Mary fucking Christmas.
Three cake gong and eat some beef and pass it to the hamster.
In case you haven't noticed, if Jesus said birthday,
so get off your heath and him do as a fucking cell of rite.
Now I heard that in Japan everyone just lives in sin.
They pray to several gods and put needles in their cans.
On December 20th, all they do is eat a cake.
And that is why go to Japan and walk around and cry.
Hi, my name is our sense of lesson.
Very fucking Christmas.
God is gonna take your ass and give the hell extra pagan skulls.
In case you haven't noticed, they're fessing things to do,
so let's all rejoice for Jesus' mercy.
Fucking Christmas to you.
On Christmas Day, I travel around the world and say,
now it's Christmas bonus and all you ABS to Mary fucking Christmas.
So yeah.
Radio goods take.
Take this is cut number one.
Secretation man.
Version number two because Georgian like the original one.
Second version.
Secretation.
Oh!
The man's the man of servo.
I'm hard to reach American soil.
Yes, the day is the day is the road.
I'll go over and bow this old.
Okay, that's the cold scar coming tomorrow.
Secretation man.
Secretation man.
Resc given you a mustache and a sandwich you back again.
Secretation man.
Brothers from the stages of the island.
Look at the post.
It's a skirt style.
Just freedom for a day.
Music is blown away.
I saw a baby never even find me.
Secretation man.
Secretation man.
Really giving you a mustache and a sandwich you back again.
Music.
Here the up to the second results on the all of the things Neil talks about pole on NeilRiders.com today.
Which is the most interesting to you.
Hockey winning.
It was winning both poles.
What do you hate the most?
What do you win the most?
This is a proving a point.
Kind of a pole.
Hockey with 57 politics, 55.
Religion 51.
Inside radio stuff, 43.
Gays stuff, 22.
Amsterdam, 17.
Stock market, 11.
The track 7, diet talk 4 and health problems 2.
It's 3.
12.
5.
60 WQAM.
4.
3.
Neil 5.
60 WQAM.
Miami Port Lauderdale.
A Beasley Drivecast Group Station.
WQAM.
For the world.
Wonderful.
WQAM.
For the world.
Wonderful.
Wonderful.
WQAM.
For the world.
The other night.
What's there of life?
I'm the tallest of July.
Cause now his cousin's death.
I'll ball it in the head.
What happened?
We don't know.
Something that she smells.
But he won't tell.
So we'll ask for a hand.
What did you do?
Brian.
What did you do?
He's not alone.
He was spending on his folks' lawn.
And he was crying.
Crying.
Crying.
Crying.
It's hard to understand.
It wasn't as saddened with two shots lying.
I don't know why your age and crew claims the cops were false on truth.
I want you to know some more.
So tell me what's the thought.
Brian.
What did you do?
I said,
I'm sleepy.
Or just sleepy.
You're lying.
What did you do?
I'm crying.
What did you do?
Yes.
Now he's gone.
And from this moment on,
we're asking Brian.
Crying.
Crying.
Crying.
Yeah, Brian.
Yeah.
Oh, it's you.
Oh, yeah.
I sure was born in the 15th.
About the family so white.
The rewans will last forever.
So you can watch the show every night.
Leave it to be, Ber.
Uh-huh.
In the morning,
Beaver every day of the week.
Are you sure?
Beaver.
Hey, Wally.
How come you little brother the geek?
I don't know.
Lord does rock for a living.
But you wear pearls every day.
When they want to make a movie,
Guess who gets in the way?
Leave it to be, Ber.
In the bedroom,
Beaver all through the place.
Beaver.
Gosh, Luffy.
The bee is always in your face.
I don't get a rat's ass about him.
We can't stand any hassle.
He's always telling those lies.
When he answers the kitchen,
He says, Mrs. Cleaver,
to the next.
Leave it to be, Ber.
On the cable,
Beaver on the UHL.
Beaver.
You can't avoid it.
Beaver's like taxes and debt.
It's always beaver.
In the morning,
Beaver all through the night.
Let's shoot the beaver.
Beaver.
Beaver, what's that?
I would touch that.
People are reefing.
The reef was.
Yeah, man.
Beaver touch hard,
sailor.
Settler.
Lightly.
Get away from here.
Man, is that the reef or man?
That's the reef or man?
I'll give you his looseness, man.
I think he loves his mind.
He should be straight, straight, straight, straight.
Hey!
Don't tell me, don't tell me, don't tell me, don't tell me.
Don't tell me, don't tell me, don't tell me, don't tell me, don't tell me.
I, do have a message, funny, reef or man?
And I've ever met that funny people, man.
If he says this man, we turn up this man.
And he's out here, laughing.
And he knows you're talking to that people, man.
Have you ever met what is this man?
Have you ever met what is this man?
If he says it wants the ocean,
and if time takes no,
it's no top two people, man.
Have you ever met his funny people, man?
If he says it wants the ocean,
and if time takes no, it's no top two people, man.
And he knows you're talking to that people, man.
Have you ever met what is this man?
Have you ever met a funny people, man?
If he says it wants the ocean,
and if he says it wants the ocean,
then he knows you're talking to that people, man.
Have you ever met a funny people, man?
Have you ever met a funny people, man?
If he says it wants the ocean,
and if he says it wants the ocean,
then he knows you're talking to that people, man.
Have you ever met what is this man?
Have you ever met a funny people, man?
Have you ever met a funny people, man?
It says it's got 40 more seconds to go on this thing.
So anyway, we have a surprise as I was telling Joe during the break.
We have a surprise in the one o'clock hour,
something that hasn't been played on the show in ever so long.
A surprise?
A surprise.
And it will be on in a quarter to two,
which ought to tip the audience off as to what it's about,
and what it is,
and why we don't play it anymore.
At least we haven't in a long time,
but that'll be perfect because then we can just bail at a quarter till.
We can tell those guys to play the ID.
And so have I.
Start drinking early.
I hear there's food showing up also.
Yes, this is all those.
I believe it's that.
At 130.
Hey, you can't hear that, can you?
You know what?
I heard it in Cue.
We have the speakers in here that are really loud.
What I meant to say was...
One, two, three.
I said...
Now we're the whole majority.
And now we're the legal authority.
We're gonna go see people in Cue and play C-R-C-V.
A while they keep Mary Jane and Capsid and all the stuff is over.
And the Z-E-A.
I'm trying to say C-R-C-V making the goals away.
We got your full tap list and then the watch you say.
While the smoke got all of what they caught this kid.
Gone of us down to the door with the polypane.
Could be tomorrow could be today.
We Mary Jane.
We Mary Jane.
We might be a great option.
We know.
Even though we may be strangers.
Baby, where's the other thing?
We Mary Jane.
We Mary Jane.
We might be a great option.
We even know that they'd be strangers.
Mama, I'm not afraid.
Are we gonna praise B-J?
Oh, yes, you are.
Are we gonna praise B-J?
Uh-huh.
Build clothes so the press beat and not smoke weed.
Let me tell you what the sheriff's lady does in C.
Getting bombed every night with Hillary.
And the heads up stayed from C to C.
I'm talking John Paul.
Bring your joy to making keys.
Eric Wilson, Satchel, B-B-L-F, C.
Funny, way to be detached by Molly and me.
We're all loving that herbal pregnancy, A.
We Mary Jane.
We Mary Jane.
We might be a great option.
Because even though we may be strangers.
You and I are both the same.
We Mary Jane.
We Mary Jane.
We might be a great option.
Because even though we may be strangers.
Mama, I'm not afraid.
Are we gonna praise B-J?
Oh, yes, you are.
Are we gonna praise B-J?
Again.
From the cops at the station to the medical patients.
We can't cross the nation.
They can see senselessly.
All the black people.
They can see the photopsy.
For the weak is they can make it.
Cugas and the Haitians sing along with me.
We need legalizations.
New legislation.
So we could come counter this.
We got people from politicians.
And right when Christians want to keep Mary Jane and Capsid,
it's easy.
Yeah, no.
And I sing.
We Mary Jane.
Mary Jane.
Mary Jane.
Yeah, I sing.
We Mary Jane.
We might be a great option.
Because even though we may be strangers.
Baby, I'm not afraid.
We Mary Jane.
We Mary Jane.
We might be a great option.
Baby, baby, baby.
Baby, baby, baby.
Baby, baby.
Baby, baby.
Baby, baby.
We got a baby.
Well, for five-six-and-two, and that's the KGB by the way,
I don't know who they are or where they're from but never the ones that show up in the mail.
That's the best track from it.
What, what was that?
The guys from Australia.
Why?
because we went to the girls last night and it was incredible and he's not
we didn't know why I got you I got your present the girl you got you up let
cheer him up if I got him I got your present the batteries are probably dead so
like I was saying 12 12 on 560 WQAM
but Neil Rogers shows you sports radio 560 QAM
how about one not touching your ass
wow
hey how you doing honey
this is Bill Clinton the president of the United States and this is my my state of
the women address
I know the few girls who sucked that word pretty hot but Bill is here to tell you
that girl you're not they used to wear makeup and lip a white pants but when they looked
good they were under my trial
so Paula Jones you got a new nose that don't impress me much
well you got the brain out of you got the touch now don't get me wrong well I'll
think you're all right but that won't keep me warm ever
man
tonight
that doesn't impress me much
I'm not there
I'm not there
I'm not there
I'm not there
I'm not there
I'm not there
I'm not there
I'm not there
I'm not there
I'm not there
I'm not there
I'm not there
I'm not there
I'm not there
I'm not there
but she's still as ugly as a hockey puck
well
that's like she's a better than she is
well
that's like she's a better than her
so when the trip got some surgery that don't impress me much
you got the brain out of you got the touch now don't get me wrong
Yeah, I'll play gear all right, but that won't keep you up ever middle of the night
Another question
I
Big chunky girl with a purple right that damn gas dress nearly for the way
Well secret meetings of my car with no I could have told Wil Chamberlain the hottest car
Some Monica you lost 40 pounds that no
But that won't keep me up ever middle of the night
Another question
Well I tried to cut the brakes on her car
No offense, but I think I'd rather sleep with get a star
Once she gives birth I'll blink her arms, break her hats, big old wigs and an ass to my
So Hillary you're going to be a senator from the art not dumb and press
Well
But that won't keep you up ever middle of the night
That's not a press maverick
Like you that is my style in the women address. I love you
When critics agree this collection of holiday songs may very well be the most moving and memorable of all time
Just walk the world I used to know
Yes and the wax music presents Elmer Fuzz, Christmas classics and this 24 record set is truly incredible
Jingle bells, jingle bells, jingle all the way
Oh what fun it is to ride in a one horse open sway
Hey, oh what fun you'll have hearing these timeless classics performed by America's most beloved hunter of rabbits
Put on the wedding nose Wayne dear
Had a very shiny nose
And if you ever saw it you would even say it was
Elmer Fuzz, Christmas classics not available in stores and when you receive your set in the mail you'll know why
Hello everybody, I sure hope you like my Christmas classics
So call toll free 1-800-5
But, Opelwaiters are standing by Santa Claus is coming to town
Hi Felicia, Gigi I love your dress and your hair looks so shiny and manageable
Are you still shampooing with head and shoulders?
I got sick, I've stopped using head and shoulders a long time ago
I mean honestly, who grows hair on their shoulders anyway?
Yeah right, so what are you using now?
Well it's light-cutting shoulders only without all those additives
It's just called Ted, let's tell them about your own
It's just higher down to Okam, Ted, Ted, Ted, Ted, Red, Las Vegas and Felix
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah remember what I said, Ted, Ted, you'll feel better if you get some head
Wow, where can I get that?
Lots of places, Jix, you can stop by my place later and I'll be happy to give you this Ted
In 15 minutes I'll have you shampooed, styles and blown dry
G, you don't miss a lick, do you?
Ten thousand, great, but is it expensive?
Not at all, Jix, I dreaded that there are places downtown where you can get head for less than ten dollars
Gully, that's that price everyone should be getting head
That's right Jix, when you say head you set a mouthful
Hi, I'm Dr. Raymond Foulade, from Freedom of Industry
It's difficult to guess why you should get head
First at Lubricate each limp hair follicle, leaving in a wrecked listening shaft
Then the scalp's natural oils are sucked out of the root, leaving your hair soft, shiny and exhausted
Nothing does the job like head, great, can I get head from my hairdresser Bruce?
Probably, but you might want to try your girlfriend first
So I'll get some head today, yeah, yeah, and then it's worth those amount of life
You look better and you'll feel better, yeah, yeah, and you get head, you're a nutty stiff
What hair with lots of volume?
Nothing gets it up like head, available to price you won't find hard to swallow, and it's going down every day
Honey, we're out of shampoo, can you go out and get some head?
What did you say?
I said, I want you to go out and get head
Oh, thank you, sweet Jesus, I'm going down down
And that makes a great holiday gift
Last Christmas, my wife gave me some head, then I gave her a pearl necklace
I've never seen her so choke up
My girlfriend used to give me head, and then we got married
Now I'm lucky if I get gergons lotion and a national gift wrap
Once you've asked me, well, why not stop?
Can't feel the stuff, my club going top, it's hand in the shower
You want a pump, it's hand in the normal room
If you buy it as your okay, it's okay, it's hand in the refrigerator
I'm feeling no, yeah, yeah, that's the number, the part I said
It's okay, it's the best, it's the best, you get some head
You'll feel better, get you get some head
Oh yeah, oh yeah
Head shampoo, come on, give it a shot
My hair looks great
You're the map
The heart here's about sweet silver bells
All seem to say things on the clock
They're thinking to chip things
They're thinking about things on the clock
They're talking to each other, they're talking to each other
Everywhere, feeling the air
Oh, I let that break in the tent
Over and death, fair enough, tough
They really think, well, they've received sounds of the kiss
Christmas is here, every day, every day, every day
New year, fresh, every night, they're curious
I'm going to miss it, I'm going to miss it
There's your beauty, you're the future
I'm going to miss it, sweet silver bells
All seem to say things on the clock
They're talking to each other, they're talking to each other
Home without a fair drop of tongue to every home
Ding dong, ding dong
Good, good
Before Bill Clinton, after Ronald Reagan, during Desert Storm,
our president was George Bush
Yeah, the guy that said no taxes and lied and gave us taxes anyway
Whatever, George Bush's wife was on the dollar bill
And they had a child
Millie
Millie was their dog, now it's dead
George Bush is the son of our former president
And now a politician in Texas
And now he wants to be your president
We already had George Bush's president
Look, bitch, it's a different guy, I'm a shudder
It's never too early to think about our next president
George Bush, with his running mate, Arlen Specter
Bush Inspector
Bush Inspector, the next time you're in that voting box
Think Bush Inspector, the team has snatched the presidency
What did you say?
Bush Inspector
That's what I thought you said
Hey, sounds like a tasty ticket
Not the ban is in swallow
No, the young George Bush team with the older statesman Arlen Specter
The ticket we call Bush Inspector
Bush Inspector, cool! I can get into that
Where do I sign up?
In the voting box
I'm looking for some box
Great, looks party
The Republican party
More about this Bush Inspector thing, are you into this?
Oh, yeah
Mind if I inspect it?
That's the ticket
Hey, what are you doing?
Oh, yeah
Oh, right there
Oh
Bush Inspector
I can't wait to be pulled
How would your Bush show me your mountains?
I've fingered it out!
I like it!
Bush Inspector, the one to lick
300 votes even on the, let's dick with Neil Poll for the weekend
The EPOL I'm talking about on NeilRodgers.com
300 votes and 66 of politics just moved into the lead
What do you find most of all of the things that Neil talks about, which is the most interesting to you
Politics just took a lead, 66 votes, hockey, second with 60
Religion 57, inside radio, stuff 47, gays, stuff 26
Amsterdam 18, the stock market 11, track 8, diet, talk 4
And health problems continues in the rear with 3
Would you pick?
I can't vote
When you did vote, would you pick?
If I could vote I would pick religion of course
My favorite subject on or off the air
1228 on 560 WQAM
This is 560 QAM
Love you, yeah
First of all, I can't vote Christmas
And all through the house, I'd a creature was stirring
And even a mouse, I could have sleep so I lay there in bed
With a 9mm toast to my head
I heard an ointment, I jumped up to see
What in the hell all the racket could be
I looked around corners quite hard to believe
I saw Santa Buck, he did not see me
After their salary, I didn't make a sound
He pulled toys from his bag and he swept them all around
He filled my pockets with cartridges and then he sat down
For what I saw next was most sure to us down
He walked through the tree and he tore off a branch
He reached in his pocket and he pulled out a match
He scraped up some needles, stuck them in his pipe
Then he struck the match and he gave it a ride
His eyes grew small as cheeks started to blow
He walked through the tree and he filled another bowl
I started to ho-ho, but it came out he was a knight
That Santa Claus taught a buzz
My husband and my Christmas tree
I said, congratulations Santa Claus
Did not know that you got high
Said how you bake a span of coal and why didn't rain it fly
Where would I fit all the cookies and milk if I wasn't high
I don't know what's the night that Santa Claus taught
One buzz by smoking in my Christmas tree
Hey South Florida, it's time for...
Add billions of dollars to the economy
It's the best
You can get...
There we go!
All you gotta do is take close attention to this poorly written copy
That's part of the fun
Figure out what we're desperately trying to say and get
That's right
Come in right here and South Florida, or something, or whatever
And it is now
A something to do with FedEx, with good means you'll get the best
Or the night adding billions of dollars to the economy
And you know what that means?
More empty stadium
One thing we know for sure, it must be about some kind of weird sporting
Of course only the dumbest a drunken sport host can understand what we're talking about
And it's the best
On weight do something now and go wherever it is cos it's the best
Look, I've got those looks in common
Here's some good things
Part of the entertainment of TV
For the food that you want in
Food be the heaven's heaven
With that sweet, expensive man
Great's my story with family praying
Far lost food and no testing
Kedas, food, they beat us wrong
When he made the same day's song
When he made the heaven's heaven's heaven
For the people's baby of the morning king
This is Debbie
Hello Debbie, I'm interested in getting some operations done
Okay
And some body contouring and some liposuction
And I was wondering if it's some tummy tuck
And lip augmentation cosmetic press surgery face this for all of these things
And there's wondering
Well, I need to get everything done
Probably the first thing I'd like to have removed is my thing
Okay, we don't do that
No, could you do breast implants though?
It can't be done, but I don't know if they would do it right away
The lotion in the basket
How much?
5,000
Excellent, I'd like to have my skin resurfaced too
Laser surgery
Have the lambs stop crying yet?
Excuse me?
Don't hurt mommy's little baby
It puts the lotion in the basket
I'd like to get the liposuction that I saw it can be
Okay
Can you make me look more like a woman?
Well, we'll have to see you first
And there's one lucky naturally we can tell you that when we see you
Should I wear my skin suit made of body parts?
Mommy
If you'd like to
It puts the lotion in the basket
Would you like to make an appointment?
Yes
Okay, there is a $100 consultation fee
That's fine
Okay
Okay, my name is Buffalo Bill
Okay, let me get a little information from you
Mommy
It puts the lotion in the basket
I understand
It puts the lotion in the basket
Do you want to come in for a consultation for a life?
It puts the lotion in the basket
Okay
Would you like to make an appointment?
Or do you want to call me back?
It puts the lotion in the basket
I understand
I got my skin suit and you're probably like
Bill
It puts the lotion in the basket
I understand that
It puts the lotion in the basket
Would you like to make an appointment?
It puts the lotion in the basket
Okay, I will talk to you in the time
Okay
It puts the lotion in the basket
Hello
560560
560560 on 182
Wireless and toll free
8777-8563454
Good request only
We will sift through them on this end
And we're almost caught up
That's why I'm putting the call out
Apologies to the people that requested
It's the talent and born to be old
Because I don't know where those are
I think they're on one of the stacks of mini-discs
That we have back here
And only the old man can negotiate through those things
Because he's the only one that uses them
So sorry
But because they were good ideas
So anyway, if you have some more good ideas
Call up and we'll entertain them
182-1 on 560-WQ-A-M
The Neil Rogers Show
Sports Radio 560
Q-A
And a word of root
Off and his shiny nose
And we all know Frosty
Who's made out of snow
But all of those stories seem kind of gay
Because we all know who brightens up our holiday
Yeah, no s***
Mr. Fancy, the Christmas Pooh
Small and brown, he comes from view
Just on the toilet, he comes
Squeezing between your festive bun
A present from down below
Spreading joy with a hug
He's seen the love inside of you
Because he's a piece of beer
Sometimes he's nutty, sometimes he's corny
He can be brown or green is brown
But if you'd bob her own Christmas Eve
He might come to your town
Mr. Haintees, the Christmas Pooh
He loves me, I love you
Therefore, my carestly, he loves you
I can make him a prank, he's ill
Well, how crazy
Can he come in?
My loose voice
And I'm trying
So maybe I can see it?
Yeah, he's up
Ah, oh
I've missed the frown
Christmas Pooh
Seed and seedings are love you
That's thanks on time, time to have fun
Now we're for a time to waste
Here's a guy who I want to play
Stick me in your mouth and try to shine
Howdy, oh, yes, yes, yes
Christmas time is fun
Sometimes he's running
Sometimes he's burning
Sometimes he's technically water
Sometimes he hangs off the interview
Out then won't fall in the toilet
Because he's just clinging to your spincter
And he won't drop up and say
Shake your ass around
Shake it, jump in the toilet and finally it does
Mr. Haintees, the Christmas Pooh
Christmas Eve, the monthly Pooh
Christmas time is fun
I've seen a town like a town
Never gone
Tastes metal and a tear is laid
Never gone
Oh, yeah
Run along to the gate square
And it's got a great big zipper in the back of my pants
Get off the horse at the old barn door
Got a saddle burned around on the right on the horn
Look inside, folks are dancing all around
There goes Johnny and his mother's not down
All the man left and all the man right
All the man needs a pillow to his back
Give your partner a silly smirk
All doing hands for a big circle jerk
Follows hairs all raised your hand
Who's gonna be the next pivot man
Invite your partner home for a drink, lick your lips and give him a wink
With a great big smile and a great big nod
Let him know your gerbil deep clouds
I'm gonna interrupt the order of the request just to give a shout out to the guy that's trapped in the elevator
What a wonderful thing to wait to spend the holidays
Hope you get out soon dude, this is for you
I'm gonna insert his request in here because he could die and not hear his request
So what?
His battery could go dead
Or he could go dead
They're like two cables, I don't mean I don't want to panic the guy
But you know if he's in one of those hydraulic elevators they can only hold the pressure for so long
Trust the public, very athlete, extraordinary actor
Now, the debuts of his new action series
OJ Sipton Stas in Miami slide
The juices lose, OJ Sipton into the bar scop
They brought out Molly
The meat streets of Brentwood, California to the deadly streets of Miami, Florida
Listen to OJ Sipton's ass-kicking cop dialogue
So where were you last night at 7pm?
Um...
Answer me, bitch!
Bitch, bitch!
The bitch is going to fall, bitch!
My name is White, starting OJ Sipton as Sergeant Bruno Molly
The hard rough stuff's cop on duty
But the loving dad off
Dad?
Yes, dear
What happened to mom?
The bitch is dead! The bitch is dead! I'm still the bitch!
I'm getting your room and doing your homework!
Miami slide, starting OJ Sipton as Sergeant Bruno Molly
On NBC this Saturday, the juice is loose!
Just in sweet sound
Thanks, Eric
Look at the old prologue I had on it
And you and the two WIOD
They showed us a day in high-five letters
We never know it's by the way that they are promoting
The sports and the new noveler
It's always a cool, brilliant, sunny version
Jouzeca coul Axé, you say out of the alright novel
No one gets a crap without any of that
If this house13 you put all your money
Many正s have the Эdanin hour
The talent isn'tPleasein' out
Then buddy, an Everyday is good enough when I
And Hey ты!
He went rick and sucker, what we listed and call it.
The baby has never been better.
But all you left to see on the GDR on the billboard,
is a coast or a sports or a wellard.
It's always ankle burn and sunny, fresh and chosen.
They ought to know by now, no one ever listens to that other trap.
It's the taliseckies, the play's running, and the cops all are gonna sound.
The talise is using out and cutting its way through that penile.
That's the roadway correction.
We're off you, Z-Out!
This holiday season, give her a gift of love,
an expensive diamond bottle from I need to be used.
Might as well face it, all women, even the fighters of Christian W. Talks,
have the values of a crack hole.
So with practice starting at $5,000, you'll be assured of getting some.
Any other hand-fived grandma, cute be an Asian workers for two years.
The diamonds are left to me from I need to be used.
Show her that you care about getting laid.
Hello.
Miss Peterson.
Yes.
Hi, this is Bob Williams, down at Sorris Bosbos.
Oh, hi, how are you?
How are you today?
Fine.
Are you sitting down?
Yes.
I'm afraid I have some bad news for you.
What do you mean bad news?
I understand that Bob's been with us for almost 20 years now.
Bob's okay with me.
Oh, Bob's fine.
A little upset, but fine.
He's been a good worker for us.
He's made all his quotas, his bonuses have always been in line.
But we're gonna have to let him go.
What do you mean?
We're gonna have to fire him.
And unfortunately, being the boss sometimes, you have to do things that you're not very pleased doing.
That's not very fair.
You've been very loyal to you.
Yes, he has.
That's like a slap in the face.
I can imagine you failing that way.
Absolutely, but.
Feeling that way.
You don't understand.
We just had a baby.
Yes, I understand.
We have filled up the yin yang.
Understood.
This is a very hard time to do this kind of a thing.
I fully agree with you, but there's something that's happened down here at the office that we can't overlook.
It's an image problem and a problem that you might want to address yourself.
I don't know quite how to tell you though.
Why are you firing him?
Well, let's make sure to take reason.
What could he do?
It's a little delicate.
Unfortunately, we found him on top of his desk making love to his secretary.
Oh, that's kind of a bit.
Well, I can understand you're being upset at this point, but.
That is not the word.
That stupid one.
It's sort of a bit I can't believe this.
Well, he's gonna need your support through this.
My ****.
All right.
Right now, he's on his way home to you.
He's got another thing coming when he gets home.
I'm gonna change the locks on the door.
I'm throwing his **** outside on the front lawn.
He can just have it all.
I'm not even gonna be here when he gets back.
That's the son of a bitch.
And now, now, I don't feel so bad about **** his brother.
If you find your cat, he'll be in Christalwood.
Make them taste the answer is for everywhere.
If you find your cat in Christalwood, you won't miss him.
I take it everywhere.
All across the nation, at a full of patience, rose in.
All the consolation, green beath and the nation.
They're not again.
Not again.
Oh, please do not try your cat in Christalwood.
Hi, this is Mason.
The day we got a very extra special thing about the life show is all about coming from Christalwood.
I'm at the door right now.
Come on, I don't look like me.
Are you ready?
Hey, brought by something I wanted to show you.
I wonder where it is.
It looks like a...
Oh, the boys with a coat on.
That's me bag boy.
Hey.
Oh, what can I got you?
Sure, go ahead.
Run your hands.
Hey, like velvet.
Hey.
What's this right here?
That is my blowpipe.
What do you do with the blowpipe?
You blow it lad.
You blow.
You blow high.
Hey, you put your mouth around it and your blow.
Oh, can I do that?
Hey, would you like to blow my pipe lad?
Oh, can I?
Sure, go ahead.
Okay.
Come on lad.
You got to put your mouth around it lad.
Don't be afraid it's not going to break.
Hey, like this.
Hey, that's a boy.
Stick it on the way down your throat.
I think it's bigger.
Hey, I think you do it right.
What's this over here?
That's me chanter.
What do we do with that?
What you do with that lad is you put your both hands on it.
You cover the hole and you run your hands up and down the shaft real quick.
Hey.
Hey, run your hands up and down it there.
Now what you want to do lad, is you want to blow on the pipe.
You want to squeeze the bag nice and gentle.
And then you want to run your hands up and down the shaft real quick.
Like, okay.
All together all at the same time.
Okay, here we go.
Good lad.
Hey, that's good lad.
Sure.
Hey, that's good lad.
Sure.
It's more.
More harder lad.
Other.
Squeeze the bag.
Squeeze more.
Hey, run your hands up and down the shaft.
Quick.
Faster.
Run your hands up and down the shaft.
It's more.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
You're doing good.
I'm going to play some of the games.
Oh, oh, oh.
Hey, run.
Hey, run.
Hey, run.
You're doing good.
You're doing good.
That's not a catch me, but it's maybe.
Here are the up to the second results on the Neil Rogers.com e-poll for the holidays of
all the things that Neil talks about, which is the most interesting to you.
And I think the children stopped digging around with it because it started to take on a realistic
look now.
Politics is in the lead with 74, religion 67, hockey 65, inside radio stuff, 49, gay stuff, 31.
And oh, that's what they stopped voting for, the hockey stuff, now they're voting for the
gay stuff because I know we don't have that many fags in the audience.
Amsterdam 19, stock market 11, track 8, diet talk 4, and health problems still just the same
three old people that apparently like gallbladder talk and a gird and IBS and whatnot out of
331 votes so far.
One two one on 560 WQAM.
This is 560 QAF, 430-560 WQAM, Miami court, Lauderdale, a feasibly broadcast group station
WQAM.com for the world.
I'm above the law!
I'm above the law!
I'm above the law!
I'm above the law!
I'm above the law!
I'm above the law!
I'm above the law!
I'm above the law!
I'm above the law!
I'm above the law!
I'm above the law!
I'm above the law!
I'm above the law!
I'm above the law!
Hi hi!
So common shops but they talk in follows.
Next time for deal once and good for you!
Why T a couple of thumbs we knee chocolate!
Well I have a couple of brands here!
Is toHey ar аб to T the upp cottage!
And just to breathe out vanilla, breathe out that crooked sheet,
Cause I hate when my balls get.
I got it.
This free teacher I want to be sitting, and give that spoon a lick.
Say everybody have a scene in my pose, they're big and so are you brown.
If you ever need a face, speak me up just speak my arms in your mouth.
That's all my chouch with some dead ball.
Put them in your mouth and suck them.
That's all my chouch with some dead ball.
Your back full of goodness.
High and high love, suck my balls.
Hey, wait a minute.
What's got some air on it?
You know like something burning.
Well, that don't go for a minute.
Longer than I'm red, pay no price.
If you better get back in the kitchen, cause I got a sneaking suspicion.
Oh man, baby.
Baby, you just burned my bow.
That was my father's own fire.
I like this baby.
The father's fire.
She was the one over.
The father's fire.
That was my signature.
The flow of the fire and this is that day.
Oh, suck all my chouch with some dead ball.
Put them in your mouth and suck them.
That's all my chouch with some dead ball.
That's all my chouch with some dead ball.
Come out baby.
Oh, suck all my chouch with some dead ball.
That's all my chouch with some dead ball.
Baby, you know, go slow.
Go slow, come out.
Go slow, come out.
105, 560 W2M.
Special thank you to Tina at the Salvos and also 20 Yip and John Gerrits for a
little bit of help.
I hope you're going to stop.
Shut up there and play another stuff.
Oh, speaking of playing another stuff, one more thing because I got to clear out the mini-disk machine for that special project.
I'm going to spill it.
Preputation content at 14-01.
I'm 14-02.
Sorry.
Here's that other time by a trick so I wanted to play the other day but I didn't have time for it.
I'm 14-02.
I'm 14-02.
I'm 14-02.
I'm 14-02.
I'm 14-02.
I'm 14-02.
I'm 14-02.
I'm 14-02.
I'm 14-02.
I'm 14-02.
I'm 14-02.
I'm 14-02.
I'm 14-02.
I'm 14-02.
I'm 14-02.
I'm 14-02.
I'm 14-02.
I'm 14-02.
I'm 14-02.
I'm 14-02.
I'm 14-02.
I'm 14-02.
I'm 14-02.
I'm 14-02.
I'm 14-02.
I'm 16-02.
I'm 14-02.
I'm 14-02.
I'm 14-02.
I'm 14-02.
I'm 14-02.
I'm 14-02.
I'm 14-02.
I'm 14-02.
I'm 14-02.
I'm 14-02.
I'm 14-02.
I'm 14-02.
I'm 14-02.
I'm 14-02.
I'm 14-02.
I'm 14-02.
I'm 14-02.
I'm 14-02.
I'm 14-02.
I'm 14-02.
I'm 14-02.
I'm 14-02.
I'm 14-02.
I'm 14-02.
I'm 17-02.
I'm 14-03.
I'm 14-03.
I'm 16-04.
I'm 14-02.
I'm 14-01.
I'm 16-06.
I'm 15-03.
I can't believe I'm in love with you
I can't believe I'm in love with you
I can't believe I'm in love with you
I can't believe I'm in love with you
I can't believe I'm in love with you
I can't believe I'm in love with you
I can't believe I'm in love with you
I can't believe I'm in love with you
I can't believe I'm in love with you
I can't believe I'm in love with you
I can't believe I'm in love with you
I can't believe I'm in love with you
I can't believe I'm in love with you
I can't believe I'm in love with you
This is 560 QAF
Here's your chance to meet the one and only
This Tuesday
From the side, there you go
No, Neil won't be anywhere this Tuesday
It's not yellow, but on casual Friday
We can just interrupt the break right there
To correct things
You know what I shouldn't have done that
People are going to be showing up to eat at the pizza
Sorry, Jeff, go to the pizza lot anyway
But Neil won't be there
Go ahead, son
Get your present now
Come on, get your present
Keep hot, my name is Tom
I'm a bird, a day in red
My dad gave to me
An American presidency
On the third day in Christmas
Wait a minute, one gosh darn busy
You're not counted, one day is right
It's my understanding that there are 12 days of Christmas
And you have counted only the second day
Which has every right to be there
So what?
I'm George Bush, right?
I suggest that you recount from the top
Follow along with me
Okay
On the 12th day of Christmas
Which Tom been gave to me
11 electorial votes
On the 10th day of Christmas
Now you skipped 11
You said 11
Now that was own
The skill preposition to a numerical phrase
Now start again
Um
On the 5th day of Christmas
That again to me
That's it
You can have them in America
I'm out of here
Now I'm out of here
And the 4th day of Christmas
And the 4th day of Christmas
And the 4th day of Christmas
And the 4th day of Christmas
And the 4th day of Christmas
And the 4th day of Christmas
And the 4th day of Christmas
And the 4th day of Christmas
And the 4th day of Christmas
And the 4th day of Christmas
And the 4th day of Christmas
And the 4th day of Christmas
And the 4th day of Christmas
And the 4th day of Christmas
And the 4th day of Christmas
And the 4th day of Christmas
And the 4th day of Christmas
And the 4th day of Christmas
And the 4th day of Christmas
And the 4th day of Christmas
And the 4th day of Christmas
And the 4th day of Christmas
And the 4th day of Christmas
And the 4th day of Christmas
And the 4th day of Christmas
And the 4th day of Christmas
And the 4th day of Christmas
And the 4th day of Christmas
And the 4th day of Christmas
And the 4th day of Christmas
And the 4th day of Christmas
And the 4th day of Christmas
And the 4th day of Christmas
And the 4th day of Christmas
And the 4th day of Christmas
And the 4th day of Christmas
And the 4th day of Christmas
And the 4th day of Christmas
And the 4th day of Christmas
And the 4th day of Christmas
And the 4th day of Christmas
And the 4th day of Christmas
And the 4th day of Christmas
And the 4th day of Christmas
And the 4th day of Christmas
And the 4th day of Christmas
And the 4th day of Christmas
And the 4th day of Christmas
And the 4th day of Christmas
And the 4th day of Christmas
And the 4th day of Christmas
And the 4th day of Christmas
And the 4th day of Christmas
And the 4th day of Christmas
And the 4th day of Christmas
And the 4th day of Christmas
And the 4th day of Christmas
And the 4th day of Christmas
And the 4th day of Christmas
And the 4th day of Christmas
And the 4th day of Christmas
And the 4th day of Christmas
And the 4th day of Christmas
And the 4th day of Christmas
And the 4th day of Christmas
And the 4th day of Christmas
And the 4th day of Christmas
And the 4th day of Christmas
And the 4th day of Christmas
And the 4th day of Christmas
And the 4th day of Christmas
And the 4th day of Christmas
And the 4th day of Christmas
And the 4th day of Christmas
And the 4th day of Christmas
And the 4th day of Christmas
And the 4th day of Christmas
And the 4th day of Christmas
And the 4th day of Christmas
And the 4th day of Christmas
And the 4th day of Christmas
And the 4th day of Christmas
And the 4th day of Christmas
And the 4th day of Christmas
And the 4th day of Christmas
And the 4th day of Christmas
And the 4th day of Christmas
And the 4th day of Christmas
And the 4th day of Christmas
And the 4th day of Christmas
Hello
Hello
What's up?
Hello, speaking
Hello
Hello, speaking
Hello, speaking
Hello
Can you hear me?
Yes
You got a restaurant for sale?
Yes
How much you want for this one?
Well, you come here to look at it
And talk to the boss
I come over and maybe eat dinner with you
Ok
Does a job price include all the walks?
What?
What?
How much?
About 20
Yes, 20
Ok, you come with me
Really?
Yes
I'll go to work
I'll go to work
Yes
I'll go to work
I'll go to work
Ok, I'll go to work
I'll go to work
I'll go to work
Ok
Ok, I'll go
Ok, I'll go
You know, you know, I'll go to work
And tonight
Tell him what else
I want a living
You know, Tonight?
So I attest to telling him
I'll tell him
Let's meet
Earth of ours.
Here in America, great as nation on Earth, little boys and girls nails stockings to the fireplace, eagerly awaiting Santa's visit.
In Sumatra, however, young villagers dressed belly goats in women's stockings in a colorful holiday ceremony, with disturbing implications.
In India, children believe that Santa, or Mahatma Kringali, is actually an 85-pound cow, who arrives on top of a train, bringing good little boys, bags of sticks and dust, and in Jamaica, in bus-priest islanders, crowd the shoreline to meet Santa's cruise ship, so that they can sell hit hand-carb, geeky men, and colorful wool caps.
This guy beat Chris Grigal, old Moodoon-nek, Santa Mon.
Whatever his name, he is the symbol of joy to Americans and denuded foreigners alike during Christmas.
Oh no!
This is Landy's wasn't helpless because the little wolf, Mr. Harris, wasn't boyfriend, and he had a basic costume, doodle-doodle.
The rick is just so quick, and I don't want my dresses, because it tastes like this, and it's like a houseette, and it's finally empty.
Lucky Zoy, could you happily like to be submitting any office, or be it in the hall, the bus he wants to see you, so you can touch his phone, that was a writer, he lived a silent bus, mixed his rubber deer to like him, but that's what he's a contaminated water, can really make you sick.
Your plan of getting infected, as luck comes out, you can take what I'm saying, because it will bring you luck, and if you want I'll like it, I don't give a f***.
I was writing on a train to all the detectives, or when the very love that laid a set next to my, when she got a ticket, she identified with whole purse, I was more than happy too.
And now there's more I'd like you to do, I want a kisser, but she won't let me.
I want to whisper sweet nothings in my ears, I want to hold her behind, close doors and more.
I want a kisser, but she won't let me.
When she returned, she said she was an actress.
She showed me an album of pictures of her openings, which he then didn't know, and he seemed as if she could be.
But I'm clearly see, she was a kind girl, so then heart then rest on.
I want to give her a butt, she won't let me.
I want to whisper sweet nothings in my ears, I want to hold her behind.
Close doors and more.
I want a kisser, but she won't let me.
Well, I'll never forget the dream right then, I'll feel.
We're sayers to sweet, and we shared our tales.
But as my heart flies to leave her behind, the dress are all my fun, because I, I just said, you're in the end.
I want a kisser, but she won't let me.
I want a whisper sweet nothings in my ears, I want a hold her behind.
Close doors and more.
I want a kisser, but she won't let me.
It's the old you leave it to beaver, starring Barbara Billingsley, Hugh Beaumont, Tony Donne, and Clint Eastwood as the beaver.
Beaver?
Yeah, mom, what is it?
I have a parking done here, but I just came in the mail.
Looks like it's from Bubbles.
Is that the girl you know at school?
No, she's a hooker, she's a hookie.
She plays hookie from school a lot.
That's where I know her from.
Later, up in the boys' room?
Hey, Wally, look, I got a package from Bubbles.
Oh, yeah?
What did she find you?
I see her.
Oh, jeez, she sent me her underwear.
I got a quick hanging around those kind of women.
I suppose I could say I told you so, but this is no time to be rubbing at them.
Well, as long as Mom and Dad don't find out, I'll just hide them in the drawer here.
Later, that same episode.
Wally, look what I found in Beaver's drawer.
Where'd they come from?
Uh-oh, I think I'm in trouble.
Big trouble.
Uh, Mom, Dad, those underwear belong to, uh, Tawali.
Wally?
What's your target about?
Yeah, they're his.
He wears them, branches around in them like, like Tinkerbell.
Isn't that right?
Big brother.
Yeah.
125 on W2AM, aren't you glad we came in here for this today, Joe?
Or you did?
Because you have technically, I could have sat in there, but I don't have two CD players or two mini-disclires in there.
I don't have all the fancy tours.
I couldn't play that fresh new Boca Brian piece off the computer.
Well, I got some free food and good cab for my show tomorrow at 6 in the morning.
And uh, I thought it was well worth it.
You get to haul your present off so you can stick it under the tree and you look like rich people.
You don't know how to gift, give, give, give, give, give, give.
You don't know how to do it.
I don't.
See, I have a gift for you.
But you know what?
You know what?
Christmas is about embarrassing other people and making them feel bad.
No, it's not.
It's about the same.
Yeah.
Here, the up to the second, uh, 365 votes on the e-pole of all the things Neal talks about, which is the most interesting to you.
Politics with 85, religion 72, hockey 68, inside radio stuff, 57, gay stuff, 35, Amsterdam 20, the stock market 11.
The track 9, Diet Talk 9, and health problems moves, has four votes.
There's four for Diet Talk and health problems.
We should do that poll with you.
Swinging, ass eating, underage or all sex.
Yeah.
What if drugs?
I think drugs, I think drugs.
That would be my vote because you can't talk enough.
What do you have to stop talking eventually so that you can take some?
126 on 560 WQAM.
This is 560 QAM.
NASCAR comes to South Florida this Saturday morning and 6th with the Murray Speed and Custom Motorsport Saturday.
Call to you by Joseph Stella only on Sports Radio 560 QAM.
Daddy, you got me.
My short, and Diet.
Daddy, you're a loser.
I would back on in my camp.
I think Mommy treats on you.
I have to get time, Fred.
You can little by clouds all over the big furnace.
Hi, it's me on the middle east here.
We're all with all that I've done wrong.
I must have done something right.
Daddy, why don't you get a job?
You deserve a hug every moment.
And by black it seems that now...
Daddy, you smell like deer.
I'm dropping out of high school.
Looking like a mama, a little more everyday.
Daddy, I'm pregnant.
One part one, the other part.
I don't know who the father is.
A human nation, a ribbon banter.
I have to turn trick-tatch.
I drove the car into a tree.
Can you just send me some cigarettes?
Hey, I'll buy a toast for the bride and girl.
Daddy, I'm getting married again.
You'll make a promise and I'll give her away.
Dad, that's my ass.
Standing in the bridegroom just staring at her.
I think I have siffle.
And I said I'm not sure.
No, I've got a letter, go.
We're all always together.
Hey, Pop, we're moving in.
And butterfly kisses.
Dad, I have to move.
I'm a lesbian.
Okay, I, you're my little brother, so I have to show you how to celebrate Honeta.
This is called a dream.
You spin it and see where it lands.
And you sing this song.
I have a little playbook.
I made it out of play.
Well, then we don't want to play it twice now, do we?
I'll play this instead.
But it may so often an artist comes along that captures in song the true spirit of Christmas.
Now that hallowed tradition lives on.
Come, here he comes.
The heart is working man in slow business.
My godfather of no well, Mr. James Brown.
Fathometh this.
Holy nath this.
Honeta, yes.
Honeta, see the bad game.
And it's time.
It's just my time.
Get the wild.
Now let's go.
A James Brown.
Christmas song.
Come on.
But you like upset that puts the soul in your white Christmas.
It's time.
And you better wipe it.
Hit the nath, turn it.
Hit the nath, pop.
Get it you wild.
Santa's got a brand new back.
Why be good for Christmas when you can be bad?
Start walking your socks with a James Brown Christmas.
Wow, happy hearing.
And your fingers.
Got it you.
Happy Ron King.
I'll be your bro.
Well they say I broke the law about a Delta reek.
But I swear my Bible says no.
Sure it's right there in the King James on page 63.
But I use my light on detail.
You always real let me know if you have the chance of 42
a times the end and fall.
So they say I run the country from inside my past.
You could have been stuck with my dog.
You don't care who I did.
Where I've been, don't care if I've lied.
If we will still love me, this is what I've done.
Where I've been, don't care if I've lied.
If you will still love me, they've been talking about my appetites.
It's my first turn.
And I don't think they mean me these.
My critics say I'm greasy and I'm blue.
Redderm and that I'm horny and I'm tech and I'm a beast.
You don't care who I've done.
Where I've been, don't care if I've lied.
If we will still love me, this is what I've done.
Where I've slept, don't care what I did.
I'm barely getting lost in this.
All right, Tom Dole comes this evening of the right wing conspiracy door.
What are we going to do about this man?
There's a deal. I say we can meet you and put me in there.
Let me run things.
I'm Dole, the one the American people want.
I remember when I wished President back in there.
Why don't you go back to sleep, Ron?
First, whatever happened to those photos of him and the news woman you said you had.
You were supposed to back so strong.
Read my lips.
No nude facts.
Well, we need something on this guy.
Bob Dole wants him out of the way now.
Remember when money and I were in the white house?
Yes, Bob Ronnie, put your head on the tape.
I don't get it.
We caught this guy literally with his pants down, but people just don't care.
You don't care who I've done.
Where I've been, don't care if I've lied.
Cause you also love me.
Who's that screw?
If I've been blue, I am still love, dude.
America loves me.
Who I've laid.
Who I've laid.
Don't care if I lie.
Cause you also love me.
Who's that in place?
Do I be seats?
I won't think anything.
Cause you're all making money.
Two hundred and ten years ago this March,
astronomer William Hershel discovered the planet Uranus.
To commemorate this historic event,
your public library is proud to present a special salute to Uranus,
complete with books and magazines to help you study Uranus,
and a special display that allows you to examine Uranus more closely.
Why, after one visit, you'll be able to find Uranus with both hands tied behind your back.
So stop by your library and discover Uranus today.
This land is for ticket holders.
Only please, ticket holders.
Oh, God.
I'm caught in front of you.
Please, I'm coming for you.
You can't do that.
Who do you think you are?
I'm not just boy.
Who do you think you are?
Yes, you know them well.
In fact, you encounter them every day.
Hey, you just parked in front of my driveway.
What are you, butt head?
Yeah.
Oh, sorry.
I'll just back out over my lawn.
We call them butt heads,
but they're actually the unfortunate victims of cranial rectosis,
a condition which causes people to lose all feeling for others,
simply because their head is jammed up their...
Well, you get the picture.
Excuse me, but this is a no smoking section.
So what are you going to do about it?
Don't do anything.
He needs a terminal butt head.
A public service reminder from the committee to replace lab animals with butt heads.
It's a terrible time for Christmas.
I really can't afford this.
And does anyone who's hurting those Christmas blows, Christmas blows, Christmas blows?
It's a family time of year.
If you have a family, I lose you all ways here.
I'll see you besides the rough tragically.
What miserable time for Christmas.
I really don't believe this.
As far as my opinion goes, Christmas blows, Christmas blows, Christmas blows.
You know, it takes all kinds of people to make America what it is today.
It takes doctor.
Hello, and lawyers.
I'm a accountant.
27.
And librarian.
But it also takes much more than that.
It also takes America's morons.
You know what?
You know why we're all around you.
We're taking 200 items through the express lane of the supermarket.
Wait, and you get my office file.
It's over here.
We're sitting behind you in the movies theater wrapping our Christmas gifts.
You put the food, you put the food, and we're holding up your bank line.
While we try to cash a check from the bank of Venus.
Six pounds, and you're hurrying up!
Why now are you?
We're the association of ignorant Americans.
And we're always looking for new members.
So if you hate any minority, don't read much and just love to litter.
Then have a friend dial the phone for you and give us a call.
Just dial area code 632-626-6766 or me and Memorial.
Hi, I'm Memorial.
It's two o'clock in the morning.
Oh, what's he sleeping?
I'm a American moron.
We're taking years off your life.
We get a my best friend to take in things.
We've always been together before we've ever come.
Heaven's fun our day, powering around, and nothing awaits us best friends.
Best friends are we.
19-256-626-726-726.
Oh, I'm sorry. Step on the end there.
I forgot. I love you, Joe.
Don't forget Hank Goldberg comes up at two o'clock and at five o'clock
it's the Dave Wands that show starring Hank Goldberg.
Goldy Young Game Night from the Hard Rock Cafe from six o'clock.
Then at seven panther preview 730 it's the New Jersey Devils in the Florida Panthers,
followed by Ed Kaplan 19-2 on 560 WQAM.
This is 560 QAM.
But Neil Rogers shows sports radio 560 QAM.
Come away to begin telling you what's wrong with that.
How do you relate to this gentleman?
It's our privilege to bring you this time.
I witness report of the first international accommodation content.
We are speaking to you from the ring side of the great Navy for the Taurin,
which is factored through after the spectacular eager and curious.
For the benefit of my listeners who are not acquainted with the facts relating to this event,
it might be worth to describe the two contestants.
Lord Windriss me from Wapping Park Hole in Devon Series report the chances of the Champire.
The challenger is Paul Boomer, an eight-centre-one of Australia,
who I understand work his way to Canada and the crew of an ocean freighter
carrying a load of Melbourne cabbage upon which, so it is stated Boomer,
strange excuse of me.
I see now there's a bit of a sorry around Lord Windriss me's entrance,
and here he comes Lord Windriss me here.
I'll see if I can get him to become the microphone and say a few words.
Joe, go and see if you can get his logic from over here for a minute.
I'll come this to the radio.
Thank you.
Well, Lord Windriss appears to be in good spirits,
he's smiling and capping.
It's all about him in the beautiful silk dressing gown of perfect purple velvet upon which his work time
managed to be the coat of arms of the House of Windriss me.
It's a beautiful thing.
A good boy, Joe.
In just a minute, ladies and gentlemen, I think we're going to have his lord ship himself comes the microphone.
So if he was to ride over here, please, right over here.
Yes, right here.
Yes, folks, here he is, right in the microphone to champion himself, Lord Windriss me.
Are you behind it?
How did you come to take an interest in this?
I knew you were out.
Well, I suppose you could say it all started over Lady Windriss me as fan.
I see.
Yes, I noticed she was constantly waving this fan in front of her face.
So I asked her why did you do that?
So she replied that if I insist on constantly reprising,
you had to fan away in girl self-defence.
So, my friends were drawn into the carpet of the sea and persuaded me to capitalize on my proficiency and all of the sort of going through it and all that.
That's all.
Thank you very much, your majesty.
Thank you. And good luck to you.
That was Lord Windriss me.
A champion pepper here.
Oh, here's a character.
Yes, Paul Burman from Australia.
Paul, over here, please.
Please, ask Mr. Burman to come over here, please.
The radio.
We want to speak on the radio.
Just a moment, ladies and gentlemen, I think we'll have Paul Burman for you right away.
Yes, here he comes.
His attendant is just pointing this out.
How did Paul?
How?
He just raised his hand in greeting and starts walking over to the microphone.
And here, ladies and gentlemen, he's Mr. Paul Burman.
Will you say hello to our audience, Mr. Burman?
Hello, Canada.
Now tell me, sir.
When did you first realize that you were proficient enough to take a shot at the Empire Championship?
Well, ever since I was a little nipper, I like to fart.
I remember you some evening mother and father laugh their bleeding heads off when I used to let one go in church
during the announcement of the light is eight.
Excuse me, Mr. Burman, on the radio, we call it creptopating.
Now look here, cover.
Well, I always said it is a fart, a fart, whether you raise up on one cheek and sneak,
or whether you give it a full blast like I do.
Very well.
As long as the CBC is no objection, I personally find before that word,
my Jesus, they end more descriptors than they longer and more academic and kept away.
Thank you.
On I would like to say hello and there's the bell.
Thank you, Mr. Burman.
And good luck.
Paul Burman, hurry up to the center of the arena to meet the champion and to receive instructions.
Now the house I could innings, and the great flood of five power electric flights,
casket down under the center of this refrigerator, either way, stands in simple evidence of the clouding pose.
The clouding pose is about four feet high and the decorating with red, white and blue funding up to about 90% from the top.
The bare top section is once moved by the grippers, many hands in previous context.
Now it appears that Paul Burman is to be the first to propose.
But that I believe is just a way for the challenge, just to make the first heaven.
Yes, Paul Burman takes off his dressing gown and rises to the clouding pose.
He drips it firmly around the top and flexes his knee.
The big lot of the comments is not getting given so we may assume that these are just preliminaries.
I think I have time to describe it to Burman after he's slipped from the waist up and wears a tight fitting front to powder blue trimble's collar.
These front are similar to those worn by wrestlers with one important difference.
There's a whole about six inches in the back end diameter, moving the seat.
This of course has been done for obvious reasons.
The symmetric aperture is called the finesse degrees, which are very translated meaning the Zepper window.
Mr. Boom is finesse degrees has a scarlet trim around its perimeter, killing a very provocative edge of this genial arch variant backside.
Today goes the signal to the comments. You might have heard it over on my iPhone.
A flash on the medieval brown-suitage people, the traditional woodwind instrument associated with this sport for tension.
Now a hot fog on the vest, the vest, is thrown at Boomer walks slowly, delivered to the parting post.
He's a good confidence and he gives one last all encompassing grain to the tense audience,
as he grips the parting post between a pair of hands that look as though they could splinter the post.
Now he flexes his knees, much in the manner of a boxer.
He seems to be concentrating on the very top of the parting post.
You can hear a pinz up and hear it comes.
Or a beauty of beauty. I think it was a triple-flutter blast.
Yes, that's what the judge signals. A triple-flutter blast. That gives him 25 points right off the bat.
And another, another of the same and another 25 points.
That's followed by one, no two.
The big apart three foggy parts in rapid succession.
It's amazing how this man can change face and style of offering by a flight,
simple shifting of his buttercaria.
He's still dipping the post in complete concentration. Boomer now has a score of 65.
Those last three foggy parts at five point speed, adding 15 to three years score.
And now he's something coming up.
A proof of it.
Perfectly executed proof of it.
What's that?
I'm sorry ladies and gentlemen. That was a follow-up proof of follow-up proof of it.
The second time in the history of this sport, that a follow-up proof of it has been achieved in open competition.
The only other time I believe was during the World Series held in Europe in 1783.
You'll be caught in this series, Friends Who Are Fooft.
The famous French father after he's been followed up proof of defeated candidate when he's caught his opponent by only one group and then dropped that.
As you know since then in honor of Macifooft, the proof has been dropped from open competition.
And now the score is 100 and 5 for Boomer.
A proof of caught count 10 points.
But a follow-up proof of it, a very difficult little bit, gives 40 points.
Well, there's certainly been a whirlwind section.
I think the poor Boomer is about played out or blown out of the table.
What am I saying?
Yes, and he's not too yet apparently. Wait a minute here, come on.
A three. All whole little three.
Well, only two points and very dangerous and another three. Well, not that.
What have he said for the other five?
Well, he's certainly putting up a fighting finish.
Four three. A very hazardous, very hazardous part because of the dangers of plotting.
But giving him eight is very valuable point.
And that, he grows up his hands. He grows up his hands as a signal that he's finished.
And the crowd gives him a tremendous ovation.
He's sitting down, talking a little pale, a little one perhaps, but smiling happily as the crowd.
This man has a definite charm about him that is indeed him who all accepts the most ravaged, winded me a fan.
And he's like, wait a minute.
Oh, Boomer!
One, two, three.
And twenty three, five.
He'll hear that. Paul Boomer, 123 points, a world record.
Heading Lord Windage, he'll save his world mark of 119 by four points.
Paul Boomer, this moment is a world champion.
But how long we don't know because Paul Boenage may take it right back again.
And he's in large, now walking up to the post apparently, not in the least inserted by the brilliant performance of the talent.
He's outfitted a little differently from Paul Boomer.
We had triple-pipe, full length tight, and around the finesse debris, you remember the whole cut-out from the center of the teeth.
Around this there's a fringe of little gold tattoos about four inches long.
There's no doubt that some decoration affected by that.
At the moment, he's in some sort of a dispute here.
Paul Boomer is second on that feet and seem to be arguing with the judges and pointing to the fringe on their champions post-series.
Oh, I see.
As you Paul Boomer is claiming that the fringe might add a whistle or some other sound to Lord Windage's music that has been so increased their value.
And after all, in a 4-3-4 contest like this every little advantage must be jealousy-wise.
The judges appear to be agreeing with Paul Boomer and they direct the campaign to remove the fringe.
He doesn't like the decisions very much and the crowd is getting...
The crowd's getting resentful and he should be a better sport about it.
And I agree with him.
All he seems to have decided that he's got to give in and he rips off the fringe and flings it to the ground.
Then he walks over to where Boomer is sitting. He turns his back, puts his hands on his hips and...
Oh!
Oh, he leaves a free fright in Paul Boomer's face.
The crowd get a kick out of this as you know our free for the very low score are only two points.
But the pro-101 just an agressive defiance demonstrates the spirit of dashing recklessness which has made the English-rendy campaign that he is.
He's smiling his things for an out of return to the center of the arena.
He nods to the judge to show he's ready and he's clueless.
He's not going to use the farting pose.
Lord Windus near the champion and a final gesture of contempt scrounges the use of the farting pose.
Well, this is developing a little bit of a grudge contest.
He has his hands on his hips, feet apart.
He's likely bent and...
A fistful. His first attempt is to add another one, two in a row, and another one a third.
Three sisters in a row are tremendous at the 60 points in his first 30 seconds.
And one, two, three, four. Four fuzzies, four. The fragrance fuzzies in rapid defense.
It's a pleasure to see the ease and comfort with which his Lord Gip leaves his fuzz.
Perfect technique. And now his score is 80 points. 80 points in the first 30 seconds of the pose.
I'm getting ready again and on hips.
A little bit right in the face, a little bit of a strange hip.
Something there, wait a minute. Something's wrong.
There's a tendency running to image and some kind of a threat.
Right, he has the judges signals. It was a posture or hard luck, your Lordship, the hard luck.
The champion left her very bad luck here and will be penalized 15 points.
That puts him back to 65 points, 59 shots of the 124 he needs to retain the championship.
He's all set again and seems to be straining a little more court-de-play.
And here he is.
A fundous break.
A beautiful bit of wind breaking virtuosity.
And most difficult, a most difficult part to perform without plotting this man has wonderful control.
