Sport Radio 560W 2AM I have support.
Waterdale presents the Neil Rogers Show.
What's up, Neil?
Called 560560 toll free for dating,
or count 560 on yourself.
Nobody has any conditions of Neil's guest callers.
Anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of no
to QAMP's acquisitions or the lead squad cast group.
Now, Neil Rogers on Sport Radio 5602AM.
Have our boys got a huge pair?
No, settle down, class.
As you all know, we can no longer put up the 10 commandments in our classroom.
Additionally, in an effort to avoid defending anyone who might have been
politically religiously or ethnically offended by our pledge of allegiance.
The politically correct arm of the Justice Department has rewritten the pledge,
so as to be completely non-sectarian and non-offensive to any special interest or
protest group.
So let's begin.
I voluntarily affirm my devotion to any symbol I choose from whenever my ancestors
country have origin made me, and through the conglomeration of various
special interest groups that yet symbolize a diverse melting pot under a
deity that may or may not exist with the discretion to be devised
at our own.
And the freedom to burn this symbol or fear it an elephant on whenever we see
six.
All right, 10, 2, 5, 60 WQM.
Happy a Thursday to it.
That last caller there on the worst team yet, very good point for the only question I
would ask you, especially with these unbelievable crowds that we're getting at the
Macarena.
They start.
How many people would actually show up if they took the fighting out of hockey?
Which isn't an indictment of the sport itself because it's certainly the fastest
and greatest game on the face of the earth by not even a contest.
But the fact is that the fans, they are like that crappy and courage it, they
want it and without it, maybe some of them would even come out.
You can't complain about the crowds we're getting this year because we don't
have any.
They start just like the monk.
They finally took the monks out of there and they the last monk with the
bell, they take it out of there and after and for record with the monks,
guess what?
They win last night.
They start.
The monk, they start.
They start.
They start.
The monk, they start.
Yeah, get rid of it.
Well, we got a lot of good stuff today.
This facts from Eric, by the way, with our poll results from yesterday, is taking like 45
hours to get through that thing.
It's diddling and diddling and diddling.
I can see it, but I can't get my hands on it.
You know what I'm talking about?
Yeah, I can see it, but I can't feel it or touch it.
Here we go.
One moment, please.
Eric, finally.
Another record yesterday, over 3770 paid views on our website, Neuronjers.com.
That's all this one is.
How come this is coming through there?
So I got to name slow.
I want to do today.
Couldn't be because we got a crappy fax machine.
Could it?
Yeah.
Just like, is that phone system in, by the way?
No.
I get the good news from Bluff this morning.
Bluff Lindsay.
They stuck.
Yeah, the new tell us phone system that we were promised on February 14th and then we were
promised on March number one, which was yesterday.
A couple little pieces of it are here.
It's coming piecemeal.
I have a feeling that this company, knowing them the way that I do, is probably buying
it piecemeal.
Oh, yeah, give us the handset first.
We can handle that from petty cash, maybe.
And then we'll buy one button at a time.
We got a new phone system that's been constructed and purchased one button at a time.
Now, isn't this the same system that we were told was shipped, not part of it, but we
were shipped last week when we told that.
Oh, yeah.
Not their lie.
They just keep lying and lying and lying and making it up as they go along.
Thanks to the ticket defense team, by the way, for a beautiful plant.
Randy Bolta, I've seen all our good friends at the ticket defense team.
Amy, a gorgeous, a lovely plant.
I'm going to take it.
During the show yesterday, it was nothing.
But once I left here, even strangers, they haven't gotten gas in mobile yesterday.
Happy anniversary, Neil.
I'm people are in the hockey game last night.
I had a change by the pen six different times.
I got peed on so much, especially by the Panther organization.
By the way, nice going there, Scott Melonby gets the first goal of the game on a great
pass by Ray Whitney on his the 1,000th game in the NHL.
And, you know, I kind of worried.
I knew the Leafs were going to lose last night when I saw Windle Clark on his first line.
Steve Thomas had a hangale or something like that and there's old Windle out there.
I had a feeling we were in big trouble.
And then when we found out that most of the team missed the bus and Pat Quinn was at the
GM meetings, I knew it was going to be rough night.
But that's okay.
Didn't feel that bad because the Panthers needed that real bad.
And of course those monks, they needed bad.
But anyway, the Panther organizations, the Danger Field of Mike Hanson and my good close
friend, Sal, you know, Sal, the concessions guy from those delicious concessions that are
oh man, really something special.
There's the whole thing in one of the papers that I'll get to eventually hear about the
concessions at the various ball parks and arenas.
And about the gourmet cuisine that people are eating like somewhere in the fancy,
schmanchi level up there on the, whatever the hell they call it, the executive blue
nose, brown nose level and most of the rest of us can't get to.
And about the pate for grad to do a shatham rion, whatever the hell it is.
Can the rest of us get that stuff?
No.
No.
But anyway, so they send me a bottle of wine, a big chocolate anniversary cake, written
a happy 24th anniversary meal and a nice shirt with the Panther logo and a whole deal.
Thank you guys.
They've been taking very good care of me.
They let me pick out my own seats when they were still finishing the construction of
the Macaroon.
They've been great to me.
Of course Wayne hates my gut and Terry Murray and BM probably still don't like me too much.
But nevertheless, the people who really count in the organization, the people that
the real roll up your sleeves type of people like Steve Dangerfield, they love me.
They realize that I'm their only hope and believe me, I have to see these crowds lately.
Wow.
Like I said, you can't complain about the crowds we're getting out there.
It's scary.
It is frightening.
But I got a thing here today.
Oh, wait a minute.
One moment please.
Here we go.
You know what that sounds like?
It sounds like everlasting love by, yeah.
Everlasting love by, no, not handy, kid.
He did just song calls ever last time.
Well, it may have been a cover on Robert, what that was his name.
Everlasting love, come on.
Somebody call in a medium and I don't want to have to go look in the book.
And then it was like recently in last few years there was like another real cheesy take
off on it.
But anyway, that's what that sounded like.
So here was our pull question yesterday.
What religion do you believe in?
Not what you are born and do, which of course is meaningless and is only your bad luck.
What do you believe?
This is pretty damn revealing.
We had 416 votes.
Pretty damn impressive since we started this kind of like later on in the show yesterday.
Wait till the year today's pull question by the way.
You may be a little bit uncomfortable with it.
Too bad.
Robert Knight.
Robert Knight, thank you very much.
God bless America.
Was he kind of Larry Knight?
No.
No, a little bit darker and probably still alive.
Larry Knight is dead.
Can you believe that?
Larry Knight.
And anyway, Robert, religion you believe in.
132 said atheist.
Oh.
108 said agnostic.
Oh.
That's between the two 57.6%.
Almost 60% of this heathen audience for which I'm very, very pleased.
80 said cat lick.
Rhymes with.
Speak.
How did one thing that most of the Catholics out there are Hispanics?
Yes.
Okay.
Well, this community, yeah.
Well, that's what I'm talking about.
Jews only 34 because we're assuming that most of the atheists in agnostics
were born Jewish, but of course, don't believe in bubble miceys.
Protestant 26, born again Christian 20, which shocks the living crap out of me.
Wow.
Oh, man.
20 born again Christians in his poll.
Those are the ones monitoring.
Oh, that's right.
I forgot.
Eight Buddhists, they're still Revenant.
Five Muslims and three more Mormons.
I see we used to have a lot more Mormons, but then they found that between 10 and
two, it's always a good time to go wash your magic underwear so they don't have time
to be listening no more.
I thought that was pretty goddamn revealing, you know what I'm saying?
Fantastic poll question and a tremendous response.
Anyway, we've got a lot of stuff on the table, including the shootings in their Pittsburgh,
the shooting a little girl and the racial all kinds of stuff and this idiotic column by
Leonard Pitz, which makes me want to uptruck all over the goddamn place.
And I got a column by you.
See, I bet you David J. Neill didn't realize that I read the hockey news and I'm going
to read his column here on the year, which I sure wouldn't want to get him fired.
And he's actually ripping the hero in his own, his own newspaper in a publication that
I guess he assumes nobody in the hero will ever read.
No portion of this broadcast may be reproduced without the express written permission of
WQAM, easily read acquisition court.
I'll be good to happen with for 15 s**t minutes, is that so much to add?
Oops, by the way, look at that, I just did any of what's his name.
I thought I was going death.
So anyway, the greatest song of all time, I just took an instant poll on VHW or whatever
this is not.
Are you laughing your ass at the monkeys?
That's a great song.
You just don't like the part where they talk about the silly queen or whatever they're
saying that thing.
Hate that song.
You just have to play it.
You just have to play it.
Oh, so anyway, speaking of that, and speaking of David J. Neil, which I'll get to in a second.
Why sure?
Hope I don't lose that.
No, here it is.
Since he's a bitch in about the hero's crappy coverage, and he's correct by the way, if
you're looking at your son, Sentinel, and the front of the sports page today, here's
a big picture of Pavel Burry after he's scoring a second goal of the game and his 44th of
the season, which he later on would add to the empty netter.
Nice going to Pavel, even though it's against the leaves.
We don't care.
We didn't show up.
But anyway, here's a look at that.
Timely Panthers top leaf center is a big picture.
Great, great front page of the sports section in a Sunsettle.
But the hero, if we know has their own agenda, and since Mickey Ererson doesn't own many
of Panthers, they don't give a crap.
Cats skate past leaves, and here's the little bit next to the golf crap.
Next to golf.
In the upper right hand corner, continued on the inside.
But to give you an idea and the great insight that David J. Neil gives you about what's
going on, Panthers notebook by David J. Neil, which is on the inside page six right by
the standings.
Almost all of his thing here is about Anna Cornelkova, Anna Cornelkova and Pavel Burry
and Sergey Fedorov.
Does that have anything to do with hockey?
No.
He ought to be writing a gossip column with the skinhead there.
What's his name?
Josie, Josie, Josie.
He ought to be writing with a skinhead.
I mean, we all know, first of all, David, you know, you're so slow.
Everybody knows the reason that you dump Sergey Fedorov is he's hung like a butterfly.
And of course, Pavel Burry's got a huge pair.
So that's all you need to know about that.
He's got like a manly member as opposed to Sergey Fedorov, who's hung like a net.
But we'll get back to that, to that, net in a moment.
So anyway, our poll question today.
Do you consider yourself very racist, somewhat racist or not racist at all?
NeilRodzew.com.
We'd like everybody to vote on this.
You're all anonymous.
You don't have to feel like you're going to get suspended for 14 days or 550 bucks or 500 bucks.
Maybe you should explain what the degrees are.
Like what is very racist as opposed to?
Well, I mean, it's like all it's what's the difference between asking something subjective
like that with a atheist or agnostic.
Very racist meaning you hate a lot of different groups.
So you just hate one group a whole lot.
We're talking about black and white.
Ah, number of Michael Jackson, that record black and white, which wasn't as good as Daydream,
believe it by the monkeys, but nevertheless a lot more annoying.
Oh, there's a lot of folks speaking of really annoying.
Oh, excuse me.
I feel much better now.
And now the reason that I'm doing this today is because there's just this whole, and of
course, personally, I must confess right here on the year and I've said it before.
And then all these goody-toothews keep calling in who want to tell me how I feel.
See, I'll say it again.
I'm consistent about this.
I deal with individual people as individuals.
I don't care if they're black, white, Puerto Rican.
I'm like George who hates Puerto Rican Jews.
Glam, I don't care.
Cubans Chinese.
I don't care.
Individuals.
But in general terms, unless you're a Superman, unless you're just oblivious, unless you
were living a very sheltered world, it's impossible, I believe, not to develop very strong emotions
and feelings about in general terms.
Because we know several nice black people, a couple, huh?
Like the young guy to board off in their voices name, I don't even know what his name is.
Yeah, well, he's a good guy.
And the guy that washes the car on Friday in my major, my mate, Jeannie, she'd be okay.
She did my mate for a long time.
And she'd be cleaning a little bit here and there, not too much, huh?
Spencer, we used to think he was okay, but then he turned out to be a turncoat, so we
don't like him too much anymore.
Any other black people we like?
I got a whole list.
Of course, Bradford.
He's a good guy.
I mean, he's a number that's, but he's a good guy.
We like him a lot.
We weren't too fond of Roy.
Of course, gets the benefit of the doubt.
Now he's a good guy.
He's just not too bright, but at any rate, no, seriously, there's a right there, right
without thinking too hard.
There's a list of black people I like.
Black celebrities I like.
Towards Jefferson, weezy, Florence, Lino, Malcolm, Shemar Moore, the more I see him, boy,
the more I say, all right, I love those black people.
He ain't black.
He's like, barely even mocha.
You consider him black.
I think he considers him black.
He considers it black.
Well, let's see what it looks like.
But at any rate, there's, but I have to confess that I, as each day of my life goes by,
I find that I become more and more racist.
So if I were answering the poll question, I would say I consider myself very racist.
Not somewhat racist.
I'm not going to beat around the bush.
I'm not one of these equivocators like most few people out there who want to be politically
correct.
I don't give a ratchet about politically correct.
Okay, I don't care about that.
I'm just telling later right on the line, like I always do, which is why people listen
to this show because there are five people on the face of the earth who will really
tell you in public.
They'll tell you behind closed doors when they're positive that there's no goddamn
hidden microphone or whatever.
But in public, they won't tell you.
They're full of crap.
They're full of Schmidt.
I feel very racist.
And we got the, you know, and on one hand, we got the thing in New York and the Bronx,
and I haven't changed my opinion about that at all.
And Leonard Pitts at large, who's a dark, complex guy who writes this column occasionally
that appears in a hero, he's like syndicated.
I don't know where the hell he is.
Or maybe I don't know.
Is he the one that, who knows where he is from hunger?
Second thoughts following New York verdict, he says.
And he quotes Bill Bradley, saying, a wallet in the hand of a white man looks like a wallet,
but a wallet in the hand of a black man looks like a gun.
Bill Bradley said that.
Good comment there, Bill.
And by the way, Bill, see ya.
But anyway, Leonard Pitts is, I was ready to jump to conclusion the four black women got in the way,
meaning the four women who said on a jury in Albany.
And he somehow, I'm read the whole article here this morning, and he'd like to mention the intimidation factor,
and the evil looks that they were getting, and a tremendous fear that they felt,
if somehow they didn't come back with the right non-gildy verdict,
that maybe they might have some kind of a problem in the future of their lives,
and as short as those lives might have become, doesn't mention that anywhere here.
I don't see it.
And then at the end of his column, he says, that's where we stand.
He says, I feel sorry for those women having to bear the weight of expectation.
I don't have to trust more than the fact of blackness, than in the promise of justice.
Whatever the hell that means.
He doesn't mention fear in this and that.
But anyway, he says, that's where we stand, until courts and cops begin to work equally hard,
at earning the trust of all citizens, it's where we're likely to stay.
Until that moment, these episodes will continue to move with sad predictability.
White cops shoot on our black person, out-raised burns like fire, and we jump.
We jump is what he said.
Maybe that's because you've got rhythm.
I don't know what that means, but you jump.
I mean, I don't understand that.
Well, what are the four?
Why does he understand better, the four black women on a jury?
What does that make him less upset about this?
Does that make me less upset?
No. If it's okay with them, it's okay with him.
Oh, I say okay.
So in other words, it was okay for OJ to kill those two white people,
because it was okay for the black people on that jury,
and the one white person or whatever it was that was in the least bit in community, right?
But then anyway, we got these shootings now, and I will say this again, right up front.
Serial killers, mostly white.
The only black one I can think of was the guy in Atlanta, other than that, white.
You got your trailer park trash, you got the black folks, a lot of them.
These people over-reproducing making babies like rabbits, irresponsible.
That element of the black community and the white community or whatever they want to call them.
Community of this community.
I hate that word.
But here in the last couple of days, we had two days ago, the story of the shooting of the little white girl,
near Flint, Michigan, by a six-year-old piece of crap, sub-human piece of crap.
And for some reason, they, you know, on and on, we couldn't find out anything about the family,
and then all of a sudden the father is in jail.
And here's a picture of his father, a deedric Owens, a convict who's done allegedly shot and killed six-year-old classmate Kayla Roland,
speaking from jail.
Said he never stole a freight train.
I feel bad for the other family.
I wish it would never happen.
I'll do anything to get my kids back, but he never stole a freight train.
And we have all these assholes saying, well, she was only a six-year-old kid.
You know, he needs her understanding.
You know what he needs?
He needs a good, a good weapon to the electric tears, what he needs.
Had a little spat with his girl in the playground.
Of course, he spat with what it was all about because he spat on her desk and spat at her.
We would just say Colin Ferguson on the air, so people will stop calling and saying Colin Ferguson at me.
The subway guy in New York, the black guy, they wanted to kill all the white people there to defend it himself in the trial.
Yeah, what about Bernard Jett?
There's one for you.
Listen, don't start.
Look, I got my own agenda here.
Okay, we don't need any assistance.
I've been doing this a long time.
Today is the beginning of 2050 or in this town.
Was there anything in the papers about yesterday on the news media beginning 25 years, a quarter of a century?
No, that shows you what a bush league town this is and what about your hard answers.
If I care because that's what I expect, nothing.
Because of the fact that I won't suck their ass because my tongue is not there on their goddamn phone.
Fine, that's okay.
I'll survive without you.
I have for a long time.
But at any rate.
So it just so happens that this little kid is black.
Now, that doesn't change the story.
Little black kid shoots a little white girl.
Then we got the thing in Pennsylvania.
And this scumbag, this Ronald Taylor 39 who happens to be not only black, but an unbelievable racist son of a bitch.
A woman told WPX ITV in Pittsburgh that a black man entered her apartment in a house.
They'll be dead in ten minutes.
She described him as saying, well, I'm not going to hurt any black people.
I'm going to kill all the white people.
And then this other guy, this sergeant John Fisher, told Taylor that he was upset about a broken door at his apartment.
A worker at Taylor's building said the suspected gunman who was black was angry that workers hadn't repaired the door fast enough.
I know that was your set me off.
God damn it. Where's that phone system?
Stop.
Oh, crazy.
All the shooting victims were white males authority said.
He said, you're all white trash racist pigs maintenance worker John to it said.
Okay.
Now, my question is this, are there going to be white people demonstrating in the streets?
Well, Jesse Jackson and Al Sharpton be there.
Jesse Jackson, you know, who's so worried about school kids?
Is he going to be there in that town here at Pittsburgh and what comes first?
Is he going to be there about these people and then in Flint for that little kid, the white girl that got shot, you think he's going to be out?
No, no.
Yeah, he'll be there to try to help the kid.
Well, I helped the kid get off like he was in the Decaturilla, no, either.
Just a couple of weeks ago.
And I want you all to be relieved that Jesse tells us the good news is he be coming down here.
He's already signed on as the article in the paper said this morning to participate in the protest against Governor Jeppster because we're ending affirmative action, which is long overdue.
Nice going, Governor Jeppster. You fascist you.
I can't stand it.
But on this case on this issue, he's absolutely correct.
But anyway, 1027 and 560 WQM and also the Falcon.
I took a call from the public.
This is a future piece that told me now I can get no job because I don't have no desire to see.
I was talking like an old me, Rose.
If I'm not thought to have this way, now I can't do nothing.
But my heritage says that's okay.
Change my name to shoot Rose.
Drive a doomsend the quarter, aim a candle, laugh.
I remember when I was feeling all the weapons, because hanging outside, developing their bombs,
round the blues, I'll bother these, white bells got no job for me.
It's time, time.
So the bond is to give my life a chance.
Now, time, time.
Got to go and sell both raccocains.
Raccocains.
Raccocains.
Raccocains.
Raccocains.
Raccocains.
Raccocains.
Raccocains.
Raccocains.
Raccocains.
Lord, they want to borrow his song.
If I don't make me sound funny, got nothing to do with literacy.
Now I've got to make more money.
They've approved sound good to me.
I've got plenty of nothing.
If I don't get me anywhere, maybe I'll mug an old white bitch, steal the first and pull her hair.
Then they're gonna take some money.
I'm very old and a frigid dad.
I remember when I was stealing all the white bells, because hanging outside,
building their bombs, round the blues, I'll bother these, white bells got no job for me.
And time, time.
So the bond is to give my life a chance.
Now, time, time.
Got to go with them.
Raccocains.
Raccocains.
Raccocains.
Raccocains.
Raccocains.
Raccocains.
Raccocains.
Raccocains.
That's 33 and 550 WDQM.
So, but, uh, mail here, I thought I had a bunch of additional anniversary cards there.
Did I have an additional bunch?
No.
I got a bunch of nothing.
I have one, which I appreciate Joan Holly.
I like what thanks, Joel, but, uh, one other envelope is a bunch of crap.
And then this envelope from a wacko lady whose name is Mrs. Schmitt in Pointin Beach.
She addresses it to Neil NIEL, Rogers Radio WQAM, with the correct address.
Oh, nice going there, Mrs. Schmitt.
And inside is a card with a picture of Jesus, the Easter remembrance.
As an Easter gift, you end up out of the...
And then here's another card.
Inside of that card, happy birthday, Jim.
You're doing a great job as governor behind you 100%.
This is one of the old ladies that sends all her money to a Janipal crotch.
Oh, no doubt.
One of those kind.
Another intolerant bitch.
See, only assholes, only people who are the lowest form of scum on a face of the earth, at least next to the wind, are, uh, you know,
the kind of people that send stuff to this day.
It's, uh, it's grotesque.
Save it for somebody who would like to see it.
Save it for somebody who wants it.
Do I want it?
No.
No, Mrs. Schmitt.
So at any rate, I'm just curious as to why we have this double standard.
I think there are a lot of other people.
Of course, the John Rocker thing now, the arbitrator decided because it was politically correct.
He couldn't eliminate the whole suspension and the whole fine.
So we cut it in half and to find out almost nothing.
The $20,000 fine is down to $500 bucks.
And the suspension instead of a month is down to 14 days.
Should there have been any suspension?
No.
No, no.
Not because I agree or disagree because John Rocker was picking on everybody, including some minorities
that I fit and do.
So I sure as hell don't agree with all of what he was saying, but he's got to write to his opinions,
even as grotesque and not politically correct as they may be.
He is not a spokesman for anybody except himself.
He's just a jock.
He's a dumb jock is what he is.
And Bud Sela, you're anybody else who believes that they got to write to find him or suspend him
for expressing an unpopular point of view.
He's going to have to deal with people of those backgrounds on his team and to lead the fans
to whoever else.
That's his deal.
You know, he decided to open up a mouth and now he has to deal with the consequences.
But that should tell you how the kind of freedoms that we have in America is an almost none.
You can't even say what's on your mind without people coming down on your ass.
Where is it written in the Constitution that we have to be politically correct?
We have to say what is popular with the, you know, the nose up in the air crowd.
Where is it written in there?
I don't think so.
And that's why I'm sicking God damn tired of all these people that tiptoe around the edges
that refuse to say what's really on their mind.
Makes me nauseous.
So on the one hand, I can fully sympathize with the family of the dark-complicated little guy,
the 5.6 tall little shrimpy guy that got blown away, got his crap blown away in a Bronx
by a bunch of trigger or happy cops who went nuts.
And there's no other way to describe it. They went nuts.
They didn't just make a little mistake. They went nuts.
They went ballistic if you pardon that expression.
So I can sympathize with him.
And the same token, I can sympathize with the family of the 6-year-old girl who can't even send their kid to school
without having to come home except in a box.
And the families of the people, two of them already died.
Another one is brain dead.
Another people in a critical condition in the hospital in your Pittsburgh.
Because number one, you got a good happy society with a bunch of crazy people running around,
hitting each other every time they get pissed off about important things like a parking space
or somebody didn't fix the lock on my door fast enough.
Some white trash crap pigs, racist white honkeys.
See, racism, I hate to break the news to my dark friends out there.
Racism doesn't have any color.
Doesn't have any name, doesn't have any face, doesn't have any color.
They're racist in an airy group.
Birds of a feather hate together.
Make no mistake about it.
And I feel a little like when I come back from my vacations, I don't make up those stories.
I don't take any great pleasure.
I don't want to have anybody interfere in a minor way with my good time.
I like to, you know, we're looking for paradise.
We're not going to find it because there's always people around to get in the way.
So that trash over there that's a busy, hey, hey, quote, quote, crack that instead of going out and getting an education
into brain in a job in a very free country, like we're going to be doing almost anything they wanted, legal.
Instead of that, they're out there peddling crap on the streets.
Peddling Schmidt.
And getting in your goddamn way and annoying you and rotation your halfway down the block if you don't want to buy their crap.
I'm tired of the excuse makers.
I'm tired of the belly acres.
I'm tired of the Jesse Jackson.
I'm tired of affirmative action.
Get you an education.
Learn to speak the language properly.
Do like every other group of people have done throughout the history of this country.
Get a brain.
And stop always pointing the finger and blame and whitey and stuff that happened three, four hundred years ago.
We're all sick and tired of it.
Nosh is from it.
Puked induced by it.
And this coming from a guy who, you know, considers himself one of the last liberals who will use the word, okay?
The liberals are tired of it.
Those ten of us who are left.
Tired of all the excuses, all the bull crap.
And all this get out of my way.
It's my turn online now.
Honky bastard you know, we're not buying that.
And I guarantee you won't see any groups of white people, even the guy that in crazy clansmen, you won't see anybody demonstrating because a white girl got shot by a black kid.
Any more than you'll see white people in Pittsburgh marching downtown or blocking off streets because some white folks got shot by a crazy black guy who got pissed off because they didn't take the lock on his door.
Fast enough.
When is the bull crap going to stop and people start taking responsibility for their own actions, their own bull crap.
And this business about making babies just like the Derek Connisting that we've had 400 eulogies about.
What a wonderful human being was never stole a freight train, but he had seven kids by five different women.
Was he married?
No.
No, at least he wasn't cheating on his wife.
Scumbags start calling them what they are.
Scumbags people with no responsibility.
Kids walking around with no parents.
With parents in jail.
Parents, uh, Coke parents.
Scumb, scumb making babies.
Let me say it again.
Two words that keep coming in my mind that just refuse to go away.
Fourth sterilization.
The only hope for the future of America.
I think every trailer park in America, we ought to have one of those mobile vans.
And we ought to start visiting every guy named trailer park in America,
or the Geary Springer and Jenny Jones that have trouble filling up that audience every day.
Twenty before 11 and five sixty WQA.
I don't give a sh** anymore.
She's the lipstick on his face and she tried to shave his lips with a bleed.
Actually, she's the person who feels the dress that won't reveal she's got a weed.
She's the lady in it.
She's the lady in it.
She's the round, round lady in it.
She's the round lady in the case of time.
When she does the call, it may remove her.
She sounds too much like powder.
Five or only gets to that.
And round before the browser.
That's like that in 45.
And round before the browser.
And she's like, that's like,
Carly clean and gay,
so they say,
I'll do that.
One of the cheapest juice,
from 200 thousand juice.
Such a pleasure.
And she's a member of the hobo.
And she loses gay so hold on to that so many.
She's the lady in it.
I got a lot of alcohol.
He's the lady in it.
And she's the lady in it.
It's a cup behind.
Welcome.
She's the lady in it.
She's the lady in it.
That's how she's making a big comeback.
All the people, kids are affected.
1046 at 560 WQIN.
Anyway, thanks to Mitch Lewis, our good close friend who said,
nothing like that,
sends me an extra graduate to her facts here.
Right on the heels of Colin, the show the other day,
and they're getting me really depressed about being here.
Thanks a lot, Mitch.
So anyway, here's this article.
Keep in mind, this is in the hockey news.
By David J. Neal, who writes the column who's the regular beat reporter.
And I do mean beat for the Miami Herald hockey coverage week as it is.
Media Chile depanters progress writes David J. Neal,
who was at Hussage Shaco to the hockey game.
He says, a high school football coach switching from a local power
to a mediocre program, a fishing tournament,
an advanced article for a road game by the University of Miami-Mand basketball team.
These soft-loaded sports stories have all received more attention
from the local press than the Florida Panthers.
And with the team's average home attendance down to about 15,600,
for 18,345 last year,
many wonder what role the media's dismissal has played.
I don't think there's any correlation between the amount of attention
and the event gets an attendance in Team President Bill Tury,
who must be wearing his neck tie too,
as a bow tie too tight again.
But no question when the media gets excited,
in most cases, the public does too, says Bill.
There are other factors, says David J. Neal.
One is the prohibitive cost of going to a game,
and two non-playoff seasons have infuriated some fans,
bored by the franchises, over-achieving first four campaigns.
It's hard for the Panthers to be any sexier,
a mysterious trolling superstar,
keying an explosive offense,
and a half-hasse or defense backed by strong gold tending,
plus they've held on a first place in the Southeast Division.
It hasn't just been the annual trials of the NFL's Miami-Dolphins
that has caused the Panthers to be overlooked.
Most US local electronic media take their NHL clues
from the cues from the local print media.
And in sound flow to that print media,
has shunted the Panthers aside.
When Pavel Brey broke the franchise's scoring record,
while getting his 300th NHL goal,
and 33rd of the season some while back here,
who was that he was talking about Pavel Brey?
Pavel Brey's got a huge pair!
On an overtime winner in front of the year's
biggest home crowd back in January,
it was buried in the middle of the Miami-Herole's fourth section,
so was the previous night's game,
while the high school football coach was on the section front.
We seem to create more excitement everywhere else
than on our own market, Torrey said.
As I said to the staff,
we can do it everywhere else we can do it here too.
That must be the amongst he was talking about.
They stopped!
Yeah, maybe that's what he had in mind.
They're not even playing that stupid song anymore,
which is why they won the game last night.
Panthers rock! Panthers rock!
Oh, they stopped!
Wow! But anyway,
so keep this in mind.
Here is David J. Neal,
who writes for the Herald,
who works for the Herald.
Talking about the fact in the Hockey News,
talking about the fact that the Herald puts a bunch of crap
on the front of the sports section
and doesn't give the Panthers any kind of coverage,
which is true.
There was no question about that.
And on the one hand,
I commend him for having to guts to write this in here,
because certainly some assholes will read it on the year in Miami
and people at the Herald will discover it even if they don't read the Hockey News,
and they'll say,
gee, he's a bite in the hand that feeds him.
So I commend him on that bow point.
But the fact is, David J. Neal,
you and your counterpart in crime,
fat-faced Michael Russo there,
you don't write anything insightful,
you don't write anything that makes people interested in the game.
All you write is the same old trite crap about Anacornaholia
and Pavel Burry and a same old boring crap,
and about how Ray Wynn,
the coach was pissed off a few days ago,
so both articles had exactly the same thing for Betenward forward.
Whatever the Marie Speed you,
that's what you put in the paper.
Nothing provocative,
nothing interesting,
nothing exciting,
nothing informative.
The Meetree Christage was he in the line of
the
No, we know why.
No, Steve Thomas, if you read way down at the bottom of the Anacornaholia stuff,
you'll find out he had like a bruise toe
from getting hit by a shot in the Atlantic game the night before,
that's why he didn't play last night.
But as far as really giving his information,
all the trade rumors that are going on around the league,
we got the trade deadline coming up March 14,
less than two weeks away.
Are we getting any information on that?
No, no,
just little dribs and drabs.
So on the one hand,
maybe you're frustrated because your newspaper
gives the Panthers crafty coverage,
which they always have when we do understand it.
But on the other hand,
what are you doing to get people turned on of the game
and get us really informed about what the hell is going on,
even those of us who already love the game and understand it?
Are you doing anything, David?
No.
No, not too much.
Except pitching in Pelican in the hockey news,
where your figure you'll be safe.
I mean, this is astonishing.
Shocking.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
calm 5, 60 on the 18 T wireless line.
Don't forget Neil Rogers.
Calm, hot, I like how to our hot kind of what?
On our website, our poll question today,
do you consider yourself very racist?
Somewhat racist or not a racist at all?
On a scale of one to a 5,000.
Here's a call in Fort Myers.
Hello?
Oh, and it's not going on because you didn't re-boot the phone.
I most certainly did.
Oh, you did re-boot the phone and it's still not going on here.
Well, how do you like that?
Try another one since we're going to be hanging up on them all anyway.
Okay.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Okay.
There we go again.
Okay.
So we got to re-boot the phone again.
So here we go once again.
See, you know, the David J. Neil column would be like,
if I went into some publication that almost nobody reads, you know,
and I bitched and moaned about, well, easily read broadcasts
and how they're bunch of liars and phonies and cheap
and they won't give me any equipment.
But I came on a year and I sucked their ass.
It would be hypocritical of me.
Be cowardly of me to do that, as opposed to coming on here.
Like I do every single day and tell you the way it is.
I'm the days when the phone works, which isn't very often.
I tell you that.
And on the days like today, when it's piece of crap,
ain't working after Blufflin, you come to here and gives me a song
and it ends about, oh, well, they haven't shipped the whole thing yet.
And a piece of the phone system is here and a piece is there.
And today is already the second of March, which we were promised
on the 14th of February and then promised absolutely on the first of March
when we had to get the lawyers involved again.
Because this company refuses to provide me with a phone system that works.
Period.
That's all.
So I got my year here for 52 minutes, spewing my guts out
and have to waste my time again and embarrass myself again
because the goddamn phone system is a piece of crap that doesn't frickin' work.
And you know something that's getting really goddamn old.
Every goddamn day, just a phone.
That's all it's a talk show.
It's a radio show.
Just a goddamn phone that works.
Do you think you guys can do it?
No.
No.
Oh, but we got this big system coming in here.
You got a system, all right?
It's called lying, systematic lying, stonewalling, stalling.
That's what it's called.
Just, it's unbelievable.
We're not talking rocket science here.
We're not asking for the blue little, little, little, green people on it.
We're asking for a phone on a radio talk show that takes phone calls.
Hi, how are you?
And Lionel and I just came on by itself.
It just worked, huh?
It just came on by itself.
I'm sitting here clunching my hands and you just came on.
Like an active God.
Well, I don't think that's possible.
You just popped it up.
You better take a look down, man.
You just popped up like spontaneously all by itself.
I had to call you for two reasons.
Did you see the story about the dentist and cooking a growth?
No.
Okay. Well, you know, everybody knows that the sky was growing on his balcony and he got busted.
Oh, yeah, right.
Right?
Okay, we'll get this.
Did you hear what charges he was given?
No.
Okay.
He was charged with possession, right?
Everybody in the room.
You remember the old charges of intended distribute work if somebody had two bags or more?
Right.
It's called the psychic police, right?
Yes, what they got now is the suspicion of intent to distribute.
I didn't love that.
Maybe, maybe, maybe, maybe want to be, we think he might be thinking about it.
I have a suspicion that because we're putting that guy in jail, more people like that idiot last week who dragged that six-year-old to death are going to get out today.
Right.
Call it a suspicion.
Also, I also wanted to call you.
That is incredible.
In Vermont, you knew that they were trying to pass us the same sex equality and energy law.
And Dr. Vennemis Laura actually gave a number for the governor's office on her show.
Yeah.
And they bombarded the governor's office with phone calls driving him crazy.
Isn't that great?
So you've venomous bitch, Dr. Laura?
Thank God that he's not a homophobic bitch that she protested so much.
It's just she hates the sin and so on.
That's right.
And then for God's sake.
Just keep two words in mind, okay?
Orthodox Jew.
And for her, excuse me, for Neal's sake, you know, Bumble or not have a heart attack.
That's exactly what they want you to do.
Thank goodness it happens.
Good.
They're not worth it.
Have a great day for you too.
Yeah, Dr. Laura, that bitch that disgusting, bigoted bitch.
See, that's okay.
It's saying I'll write to be homophobic.
All you black people are always bell-a-kid about racism.
Yeah, I got news for you.
You're like a small potatoes.
Because it's politically incorrect to say anything racist in public.
But Reggie White speaking of your people, he's a hero.
He be a hero.
A literate, stupid, bigoted son of a bitch.
He's a hero.
Reggie White.
Homophobic animal preacher too.
Don't forget about that.
That's okay.
And Dr. Laura.
She's like a respected talk show host who just happens to be homophobic and psychotic and obsessed with that.
Because she's become an orthodox Jew.
Oi!
How come the women don't get to wear beanie?
They do wear them.
They stick them in their...
Wreck them.
Oh yeah.
You'd be amazed where they stick them.
It's got several uses.
Depending on the time of the month, it's amazing what those things will do.
Red beanie.
A patch for your beanie weanie.
Here's for myers, hello?
Damn, I just called her.
What's wrong with your phone?
You don't take calls from black folks?
I just got caught off.
Listen to me, Neil.
I agree with everything you say.
Okay.
You act a little bit very...
We have a phone system that selectively screens out dark people depending on the complexion.
If you're over...
If you're over at five on a Richter scale, you can disconnect it immediately.
I've found a little racist today.
Didn't you hear what I said?
No, no, no, no.
I consider myself very racist, not a little racist.
No, I agree with you.
Don't tell me short.
I'm gonna tell you, I'm gonna swarter right now.
Yeah, I know.
I can be telling that.
You can tell by my voice.
Right.
Okay.
But I agree with everything you say.
I do.
Because swarters, they want everything.
They want...
We got Jesse Jackson.
We got Al Shunpin.
And I'm gonna tell you, I don't agree with Al Shunpin.
Jesse Jackson.
I was living when I was in Port Charlotte.
Oh boy.
I was only swarter there.
When after about a couple of years, more swarters started moving in.
I had more racism from swarters.
From swarters than I did from anyone else.
You know, you reach...
Yeah, that's right.
They can say nigger all they want.
But if Mark Furman says it when I say we're a bad guy.
I agree with you.
You know what I mean?
You know, you reach your book.
You feed you to school.
You like you got your books with you.
Or you're a sellout.
You move to a different place.
Tell us that's why you're trying to be like white people.
I like it.
Educated.
Yeah.
And it's ridiculous.
You know, the white folks treat me the best.
They're anything else.
And I came from New York.
I wish they shoot white folks.
But not me.
But let me tell you something about it.
Let me tell you something else.
George Gordon-Rickinson.
They got the switchblade.
It's harder to trace.
But anyway.
Yeah.
George Bush.
Now you went to Bob Jones University.
Yeah.
I got a run pal.
Real quick.
Yeah.
Okay.
Okay.
Yeah.
He knows how to run real quick.
He was a black guy in the Port Charlotte.
1057 at 560.
I mean, motor sports Saturday.
Yeah.
What was that?
That was a reed changing.
That was a rejoin?
No.
Well, what was it?
The intro rejoin.
Well, they changed.
There's a matter of fact, I'm reading the memo about that right now.
And it says my fault.
It says.
That's what I'm saying.
That's what I'm saying.
That's what I'm saying.
That's what I'm saying.
That's what I'm saying.
That's what I'm saying.
That's what I'm saying.
That's what I'm saying.
That's what I'm saying.
That's what I'm saying.
That's what I'm saying.
That's what I'm saying.
That's what I'm saying.
That's what I'm saying.
That's what I'm saying.
That's what I'm saying.
That's what I'm saying.
That's what I'm saying.
That's what I'm saying.
That's what I'm saying.
That's what I'm saying.
That's what I'm saying.
That's what I'm saying.
That's what I'm saying.
That's what I'm saying.
That's what I'm saying.
That's what I'm saying.
That's what I'm saying.
That's what I'm saying.
That's what I'm saying.
That's what I'm saying.
That's what I'm saying.
That's what I'm saying.
That's what I'm saying.
That's what I'm saying.
That's what I'm saying.
That's what I'm saying.
That's what I'm saying.
That's what I'm saying.
That's what I'm saying.
That's what I'm saying.
That's what I'm saying.
That's what I'm saying.
That's what I'm saying.
That's what I'm saying.
That's what I'm saying.
That's what I'm saying.
That's what I'm saying.
That's what I'm saying.
That's what I'm saying.
That's what I'm saying.
That's what I'm saying.
That's what I'm saying.
That's what I'm saying.
That's what I'm saying.
That's what I'm saying.
That's what I'm saying.
That's what I'm saying.
That's what I'm saying.
That's what I'm saying.
That's what I'm saying.
That's what I'm saying.
That's what I'm saying.
That's what I'm saying.
That's what I'm saying.
That's what I'm saying.
That's what I'm saying.
That's what I'm saying.
That's what I'm saying.
That's what I'm saying.
That's what I'm saying.
That's what I'm saying.
That's what I'm saying.
That's what I'm saying.
That's what I'm saying.
That's what I'm saying.
That's what I'm saying.
That's what I'm saying.
That's what I'm saying.
That's what I'm saying.
That's what I'm saying.
That's what I'm saying.
That's what I'm saying.
That's what I'm saying.
That's what I'm saying.
That's what I'm saying.
That's what I'm saying.
That's what I'm saying.
That's what I'm saying.
That's what I'm saying.
That's what I'm saying.
That's what I'm saying.
Oh, he says, you're not racist.
The very racist.
You're just prejudice, like most people.
Prejudice.
Not racist.
Can you explain the difference to me?
Between prejudice and racist.
Can you explain it to me?
Prejudice doesn't necessarily mean race.
You can be prejudiced against any number of groups of people
that has nothing to do with race.
But I'm not.
Okay.
Well, maybe a fanatical born again, not just Christians,
but born again a fanatical religious nuts.
That's not a prejudice.
That's what I think here.
What?
Yeah, that's prejudiced.
Oh, okay.
Now, I do like Asians.
I can't think of any Asian people I don't like.
Unless, of course, they're violent and terrorist and obnoxious.
Like the Chinese government.
But other than that.
Oh, seriously.
Let's see.
A prejudice person is like Archie Bunker.
That's somebody who just doesn't like anybody like John Rocker.
He's prejudiced.
He's entitled to be prejudiced.
And we shouldn't like make a big case on him
because he got a lot of company.
He's prejudiced.
He's a bigot.
So I'm not prejudiced.
I'm not a bigot.
I don't dislike Cubans and Puerto Ricans.
Like I said, I deal with people as individuals.
But when it comes to white and black, when it comes to race,
that's where my problems.
So that's why I'm saying I'm becoming very racist.
Because I have, and of course, I will also admit.
And I've said it many times before on this show.
You've heard me say it.
That America has sewn its own teeth because when you have a racist society,
especially the education system,
when you keep with the social promotion,
and when you're not forcing young people to learn to speak English,
and giving the skills to get a job,
and you're just coddling and moving them along,
you know, that old Luther Campbell song is a little bit as they want to be,
when you're doing that, and you're promoting that,
and you're saying, hey, look at those dumb sparsers.
Well, this is what you're going to get.
So I do understand that.
And that's tragic.
It's unacceptable, just like the one in Canada is unacceptable.
But we don't have politicians in this country dealing with important things.
We have politicians dealing with who's the most anti-Catholic,
and who's the most anti-born again Christian.
Those are the really important things in America.
As opposed to really making sure the kids get a real education.
We have people like in this town worried about how are we going to get the money to build that billionaire or goddamn baseball stadium?
That's the important thing.
Now let's tax Mickey Ericins, Goddamn Cruships,
and take the money and build some goddamn good schools with that money,
and get some textbooks, and feed the kids a decent lunch,
and make sure that they come home alive, and not a goddamn box,
and have security.
Let's not do those things.
I'm going to tell you right now, this is Neil Rogers' opinion.
This is a fact, and that is the priorities in this country are all F-Dup,
like Elvis and I saw on their all F-Dup.
They're all screwed up.
They're unacceptable.
The only problem is the public accepts them,
because the public's like obsessed with crap.
Like, oh, is Pobl really a screw-in on that 18-year-old figure skater,
or whatever tennis player, whatever else she is?
What is she?
That honor corner holly, that 18-year-old hot number,
that everybody's so what is she?
That fucking bitch.
Okay.
So it's going to be interesting.
We'll take this poll, and it'll be just exactly what I expected.
You know, it'll be a vanilla ice cream kind of result we'll get,
because most of you people can't tell the truth.
5, 6, 7, 05.
Just like the thing with Orthodox Jews,
we ever had one response, like that embarrassing thing on 60 minutes
so we can go Sunday, then I got a head one call on that.
And the rest of the Jews, they bury their heads in the sand,
and they pretend that that doesn't exist.
You know, we don't like the air-art dirty laundry.
We don't want to comment about that.
Why not?
Why the hell not?
It would seem to me that you'd be lined up from here to the end of the world of comment about that,
and say, hey, don't put the finger at me.
I'm not one of those barbarians from this Stone Age.
I'm not one of those people forcing my kids to walk around with a beanie on his head
so everybody can point at him and laugh at him.
I'm not one of those people rocking back and forth,
dovying acted like something out of the guy, then forget about Stone Age.
No, nobody wants to talk about that,
because everybody is politically correct.
Everybody's got their nose up at the ear, and God forbid somebody should...
See, I don't understand it on the website.
I don't understand that at all.
Because it's anonymous.
We're not tracing you.
We're not checking you out.
We're not going to send somebody to knock on your door three in the morning
and take your ass away, or the rest of you either.
It's totally anonymous.
So for once in your life, why not at least be honest?
And express the way you really feel instead of just giving some bull crap,
bullshmit answer that you expect to be given to make you an upstanding of these individual.
I happen to be a very upstanding, very decent individual,
and I'm becoming very racist.
And not the least bit embarrassed to say that.
Because I encounter too much trash, too much crap.
Although I go back to what you said about prejudice.
Yeah, a train or park trash, and those are white people.
I despise those people.
And again, that's a generalization.
As individuals, I'm sure some of my nice folks,
if I met them on an individual basis, I'm sure that they, you know,
I might like them, and they're 20 or 30 kids.
Or some of them anyway.
Nine minutes after 11 at 5'6", and the sheep, of course,
don't leave him out in the billy goat.
Nine minutes past 11 at 5'60", WDQ.
The hammer, think Goldberg.
At last you jagged off!
I'm pushing the hammer.
I hate you.
And I hope you die.
I was so excited I felt like I was getting a lack dance from Diane Lane.
Two to six right here.
Force Radio 560 QA Town.
Grammy!
Get it, sucks.
I've done chin ladies and gentlemen,
for your audience.
Today you can step right up to the Neil Rogers table.
Or WQA, in the wheel and when a prize.
Bill!
Bill!
No, I'm not that guy.
Bill Bill!
Bloody you, man.
He shot.
I can't get...
He's the Bill.
He's the Bill!
he's the Bill Chill...
he's the constri-
What's like my heart?
Whose sky over here?
See his 50 Wholes?
Husk!
Even say, Steven Spinterfield?
I say, ''who's these?''
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
What in the hell are you doing?
You just sit there...
Once you get up and then dance, you're something, entertain us.
Come on.
I gotta die just this muffin I had earlier.
I'll see you here and watch.
Come on.
Get up.
Not yet.
It's all set, dear.
Get up, all right?
I need a free top.
I get my free top.
Resume, Maria, no kidding.
Finish it again, Miguel.
A little harder this time, OK?
And the wheel too.
It's 1115 at 5.60 WQ.
And President Clinton lamenting that 13 children are killed by guns every day in America
said today he'll seek a meeting with Congressional leaders next week to break the log jam on
legislation required gun safety locks.
We need the public aroused on this, he said.
He said Congress hasn't passed the legislation because the NRA is put on them.
He said the gun death rate has dropped to its lowest level in 30 years, but it's still
a high of any major country.
Third, yesterday we had old statistics.
13 children die from guns every day and that the United States is a higher child gun
death rate than the next 24 biggest countries combined put together.
How do you like that?
Let's hear it.
We're number one, Goddamn it.
In the next 24 countries, not individually, but combined.
5.670560 is that line four working today or is that not the number I have these phone
problems?
That's a little bit like borderline to be like with Adam I say.
I don't know.
We'll find out.
5.670560.50560 on the AT&T line.
Here's my, my name.
Hello.
Neil, how you doing today?
OK.
I was going through your website the other day and it brought to mind Jennifer Reame.
Where is she these days?
What does that mean?
It brought to mind Jennifer Reame.
Well, because I was listening to those sounds that you have over.
Yeah.
I was just wondering where she is.
She is.
Brant Shit God.
Is she one?
She even in my hand.
You know, she's in Palm Beach.
Oh, lucky her.
Anyway, also something else I was looking for on the website that card about the latest
thing you should have a girlfriend.
Yeah.
If you guys could get it up, I'd appreciate it.
Yeah, you work on getting it up.
OK, and put you up.
5.670560.50560 on the AT&T line.
Pick it up right where I left off here yesterday.
And why should today be different from yesterday?
Should it be different?
No.
Of course, now what are we getting for lunch by the way?
They don't care about anything I've talked about here today.
What are we getting for lunch?
Huh?
You tell me.
Godfathers?
Here's Kendall.
Hello.
Hello, now.
Yes?
Hi, how are you?
OK.
I haven't talked in a while.
Long while.
And?
Well, happy related anniversary.
Thanks.
Listen, it takes all kinds and all kinds of people in any race to have bad seeds.
That what?
It takes all kinds and all kinds of bad ones.
There's a bad seed in the air.
A bad seed.
It's a bad seed.
A bad seed.
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah.
And you know what?
And also, I saw your friend Barbara Sloan in a TV commercial.
I had to do a double take.
I wasn't sure.
Yeah.
But she's doing some pain relief commercial.
And I saw it on TV just the other day.
Well, it's probably because they scoot over her channel for she's still trying to eliminate the pain.
That was a while ago.
Yeah.
That was a long time ago.
But I had to do a double take because I said, you know, that there's Neil's power right there.
You know, Barbara Sloan, he was a talk to a lot of, you know, a lot of bothersome.
Might as well bring it to the tension she's doing commercials now.
All right, Neil.
OK, take care.
Have a great day.
Ha ha ha ha ha.
Ha ha ha ha ha.
Ha ha ha ha.
Ha ha ha ha.
Five six seven oh five sixty pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
They've got their tongue again today just like yesterday in my anniversary.
But you should have seen them in the hockey game.
See, I'm not going to come on to you anymore.
I'm just going to hang out with the hockey games.
I'm a big star there.
They all love me there.
They're peeing on my leg.
They're peeing on my, uh,
Correct. Oh, over me, man. I'm changing my underwear and they just keep peeing and peeing and peeing and oh and by the way speaking of peeing
I'm so glad I segwayed into this
As much as I appreciate all the nice things they did for me last night in the cake and the wine and all that stuff
I got to say this have you ever in your life heard of going to a sporting event and
Seeing people being sold beer in a bottle
Are you following this and a ballpark you've ever got to a ballpark a cups of beer right cups no
Bottles at the National Anthos Center
Yeah
Now those are gonna look real good when they start throwing those on the ice or hitting somebody over the head with them when they get into a battle
You know you guys are out of your mind there the people that run that organization. I don't know what they're thinking about
They must go back to our friend Sal again, Mr. Concession hot shot
And by the way Sal the reason I gave the cake to Joe Costello and his lovely fiance
Janina is I hope that they're still alive today, but nevertheless we figured if they have survived it
I'm supposed to tell you those bottles are plastic yeah
And for what it's worth in our campaign still throw those on the ice
Of course I can still fill the cup on you guys bad thing they're gonna do that. Oh, they're plastic bottles
Okay, and of course having a plastic bottle is good because then Wayne don't have to give it a cup
It's like when you get a soda if you want to live on it
If you want to lit of course you got to buy it outside there's something good stuff out on the corner
But if you want to put a lid on it you got to put your own lid on there and take your own straw
Which would be the last straw?
Because if you don't if you're one of those people that likes it open and you're a container too
Then you don't have to worry about spending an extra tenth of a cent to give you a goddamn lid for your soda
Cheap keep keep keep keep keep keep and a grad probably because of those cut rate prices right?
Yeah, that's what it is because there's such bargains there at the Concession stand
I got two words for Wayne High Pingo. Okay, cheap prick those are my two words
What are we getting we call Godfathers? Yeah, let's get the the bacon cheeseburger whatever that is
Huh
That'll teach ponytail to be picking on them again
Now seriously I sometimes in life we love ponytail
We love pizza off their great. We love their food
But he was belly-ick and a little bit there not too indirectly yesterday
Everybody heard what he said on his show I didn't say yeah, that's it is what you said a pile of it
We can still smell it just like Rimmer call in yesterday
You sure heard of me yesterday after the own whining and hysterical and his wife my good friends over there up there in Coral spring whining like a child
You're gonna pick on my good buddy Joe Bowen. I'm gonna rip you an ass. Okay, Rimmer
It's as simple as that you're a wonderful human being some of the time
But I mean that's just the way it is even if you do work with that dumb frog
Here's the call in Parkland. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. How you doing great?
You talk about this a couple weeks ago. Why do people at station you speak name?
Meaning what like does that have anything to do with what we're talking about today?
Sir, no, it does not have a nice life
5 6 7 0 5 60 why is this guy using a fake name because he's an asshole. Yeah, that's his name a
H
Here's Boi Tendee. Hello. Hey, Nail. Yes, sir. Nail when it comes to the race card
I was the race card the race called the media plays a great role and I'll give you an idea
This morning I turn on CNN and they show the Pennsylvania shooting. Yeah
All they mentioned was that it was racism Nail
They did not mention that a black man had shot three whites. Yeah, he said I'm not gonna kill any black folks
I'm gonna go kill all white people is what he said that was never mentioned
They didn't when they were not doing his doorknob fast enough or whatever they were fixing in his apartment
He said you're all white trash racist pigs to the maintenance workers and that was never mentioned and why not?
Why because the media the media can eat sell badly and is busy covering this up
Which is why it took so long for us to get the picture of the father of this little six-year-old kid
That's shot and murdered the white girl. No, let me ask you this Nail
I don't know why they have to wait because there's not any white people riding out there in the street last time
I checked no no I know I agree with white people trying to make it into a racial thing
Let me let me ask you this if it would have been a white little six-year-old boy shooting the black girl
Oh boy or a nail with a white guy I'm gonna do for a Jesse Jackson be right then there right now
That's what I'm saying. He's pumping on it the media the media plays up to them Nail the media is the enemy
They really don't do the job right they don't tell it as it is. Yeah, they try to of course
Now they talk about religion is the media tell it like it is about religion
They tell it how they want to tell it they give you politically correct because they're terrified
They're not gonna say anything to piss off the Pope when a pope goes there schlepping a summer
They cover it like it's like it's a like it's a beauty pageant like like a cheerleader
They don't cover like a new story with any objectivity
Well, I respect for you Nail because you know what no matter which way it is you tell it as it is
That's right and these people mean time you notice how nervous these people are they try to divert the attention to anything else
To change the subject because this is something that they can't talk honestly about exactly exactly and have a great day
And screw the media because they're sick and there are a bunch of liars and cowards and phonies and takers
Oh, yeah, when the liberal media were also open minded and brought my day up right
Just like I said when the John Rocker's story when that interview first came out in sports illustrated
He wasn't saying anything that a hell of a lot of you don't say every goddamn day of your lives about niggers and fags
And kikes and spicks and whatever else it is that you don't happen to like
So don't feed me that crap
I'm trying to think of how many people I ever work for in this business
We didn't talk about the EEO and the you know the the minority hiring they have to do it about suppose and suppose and all this other crap
Supposed and suppose
Which doesn't mean that they're like extremely racist, but the suppose and suppose it's speech for a shell doesn't it?
That's what the spokesman shed
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line
See I'm trying to get people to like open up and be honest. Are they gonna do it? No, no say what's really on your mind?
No, because somebody might recognize divorce and that makes him a bad person to be honest and tell how they really feel
Because if it ain't politically correct, then they're a bastard. They're a prick
Here's cutler Ridge hello
Well, yes, sir
Mr. Neil yes, I am
Don't listen to you for a long time since about 85. I guess that's my third call. Okay. I
First off, I want to say George does a good job when you're off sensational. Yeah, so intellectual colors whipped up to a frenzy
He's a good man on the right issue
Me personally if I meet somebody I either like him or I don't right there you go there
You know, it's his individuals right? Well, it's humble. I don't think it's that complicated. Right either like someone you don't
Well, for second as a
I don't know
Well, I never less well
Okay, well
Your car
I never actually looked at their menu before I'm alive
I'm sitting time to be sitting there looking around looking around looking around just to call them up and see if our buddy is there
Which I forget his name do we know what his name is anymore? It's been so long
Scott our buddy Scott loves me. He's obsessed right away my long guy Scott was the bucky game last night
We're not to give him one of those
Come on Scott. Come on back. It's not too late. All of his fiancee was with him. She wouldn't have minded
We'll kiss on the lips 26 past 11 of QAms have our buries got us you
tried the breath-pressuring tablets to give you mythical breath all day long
Get out of my way you old hag. Oh
What night's breath you have Geary now from the same genius company comes the next logical step in personal hygiene
It's the sweet gas aroma sweetener
You guessed it. It's the world's first repository designed to crawl your smell. So I was thinking if we could
Oh, damn it. Why did you
Hey, hey, that smells pretty good do it again
Hey, well come here. This is great. Come here take a whiff of Daniel's ass
The sweet gas aroma sweetener is a repository form and look for the new bidet system coming soon
Okay, it's 11 31 and 5 60 double to Q. I'm happy Thursday. Two. It's a great day for the Irish
As long as we're talking about figurative course, you know about Al Goldstein
You know that thing with norm Kent calling him yesterday. That was very irritating. You know what?
That was annoying
Stick in his nose in again trying to be helpful where we don't want his help like dragging the old lady across the street
Which he's not crossing the street in order. I'm saying normal. Oh cut the crap
I mean, what was the point of that? I hate the Irish five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T line
Here's a mobile informer. Hello. Hey, how you doing? Great. Hey listen a long time Pollock first time call all right
Oh, we haven't gotten to them yet. Oh
Hey listen here the whole thing is the racist the turn doesn't mean anything anymore. Yeah
It's it's
I don't know. Well, what is it what did be?
It's because
I don't know
I'm called a racist
For being against
Affirmative action. Yeah, and what's the firm of action? You know what affirmative action is affirmative action is unfair
Well, yeah, it's predator predator breeding
You see affirmative action means getting special
That's right
Special privileges to people because you try to make up for crap that happened 300 years ago
You know, it means nothing anymore. It's so well. I'm gonna suppose you were online into supermarket
Okay over there in four miles
Supposing you went to the supermarket and you had your 15 or 20 items in your basket and you went to the line all of a sudden
Some dark-complexed person said oh excuse me
But we have affirmative action at the supermarket counter now because I'm black and I've been discriminated against the use to have to set on the back of the bus
I'm going ahead of you. I'm going to the front of the line now. What would you think? Well, I think affirmative action
You know
It's it's it's just the water down. If I cry and wolf. It's been called
If you can't take a slit anymore without being called you know racist right
Uh, a couple of the thing. Well, I was gonna launch him at the other day
They called it a racist laundromat because there were signs of saying separate your whites from your colids
Okay pal, they can nail you're hired all right guy. Okay. Here's your start there in the evenings on whatever they're seven seven
Oh, somebody was telling me after they about the crappy signal on stations got we already know that uh-huh
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line are out of town line and four buyers and adverts
And you think there's any black people reading live in four buyers? No one or two like that got a call before and he's only on the run from poor charlotte
Yeah, he's just he's in between stops wait till he finds himself in what's the place out there on the alligator rally where all the Indians are
I'm okay. I'm okay. Oh very good
I'm okay
Yeah, then now that's kind of an interesting mix of people to their like Indians
Rednecks Indians and rednecks that's a strange mix isn't it
And he's forks is in there too in a mockery maybe we'll get a call from a mockery. We'll find out how they're doing it how their experiment
Their social experiment be working over there
5 6 7 0 5 60 because this experiment in America, which is what it is it's not working. Is it working? No?
Absolutely not
And I have in the past condemned the black leaders who are really not interested in in
integration, but our more interested in separate but equally you know something what's wrong with separate but equal
Huh is there something wrong with that basically and by the way, he's got powers on the way yet
What's wrong with separate but equal
We pick out the estates where we want
Or we don't want actually
Now you said that and guess what you can have North Carolina with all your Yahoo Redneck friends you can have that
I need about the redneck. What is it about it's about the mountains in the woods. Yeah. Oh, that's what they used to say in
An injury too by the way, we don't go there for that. That's what they said in an injury on the Kahulawawawasi river about the beautiful scenery
They can be dealt with and all then leap in lizards. You know the ones I'm talking about yeah
They're easily avoided five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eatay. What with a bone arrow
Here's Coral Springs. Hello
Hi Neil. Yes, sir. First thing I'd like to thank you for being so nice to my son yesterday when he came up to you at the hockey game and said
Happy anniversary appreciate that right. Well, why wouldn't that be? Well, you we are a nice guy
Yes, I am and I just thought I'd say thank you. Well, thank you
And I feel like the victor cause love had a wonderful game
And for you, I'm sorry to want the line. I didn't expect them to win last that I already had a sick feeling especially when I saw the monk in the bell
We're gone. I knew we were in big trouble and the Leafs were like, you know
Steve Thomas wasn't there
Demetri Christy's didn't play bearers and sound you know this was like a shell of the team and they weren't into it
Absolutely. I'm not making excuses, but they really you could see that they really were not into that game last night
But more importantly, I agree with the caller a few minutes ago who said that the press is one of this country's worst enemies
Yes, it practically ruined a very very good sports announcer back in the early 60s by the name of Mel Allen
when it wasn't
The thing to do to come out of the closet
The press leak that he was in the closet right and his costum is job is the Yankees and I was really interesting because it never really came to light the real reason that he got
Can but that is the reason is it really I never knew that before I mean I knew that he was pretty I didn't know that I had heard that he was gay
But I never really knew that but that's interesting and
Absolutely the reason I have a close friend who was a poor bear at his funeral up in Connecticut right and he told me the story and and it was the press that leaked it
To the Yankee management and a costum is job isn't that beautiful? What a country huh?
Thank you sir. Thanks for the good news
So that just reconfers what I always thought but I never realized he lost his job because of that
How do you like that? So in other words if you're a fag in America even though the greatest or what you do in that case
Well, I would say along with Bob Prince. They were the two greatest baseball announcers ever Mal Allen and Bob Prince everybody agree with that
You bet if they got a brain
But because they discovered he was a fag after all those years
He just vanished and nobody ever told him why he was canned. I remember him saying that in those interviews
And then all of a sudden he made it back on this weekend baseball because it came less politically incorrect
I have a fag and put him on here just like Marv Albert made to come back even though he made those biting remarks
So this country is loaded with prejudice
Loaded filled with it
So I say to make up for the all these I say a affirmative action. Let's give the fags all the good jobs now for all these hundreds of years with it
Oh, we already got them
See that's another thing just because you're discriminated against just because you have to face face prejudice
Does that mean that you've got excuses? No, you can't uh, I hate to use that old expression about lifting yourself up by the bootstraps
Because that's an disgusting silly cliche, but nevertheless can't you lift yourself up by the bootstraps?
Yeah
And get a brain and discover for yourself what's important how you get ahead ahead
You don't get ahead by being illiterate and being belligerent that doesn't get the job done
And shiftless and lazy and you know, and I'm not making any stereotypes am I?
I'm not wearing but nevertheless
So how come the Jews how come the fags how come the Italians how come all these different groups that have been discriminated against or through the centuries
How come somehow they come wherever they wind up and they uh make their thing and they are successful
How is that possible?
And nobody in those groups says oh put me at the front of the line because I've suffered discrimination and prejudice
And I had to change my name back in the forties and fifties because that was a Jew nobody nobody says that
Nobody says give me give me give me give me
They say here I am. This is what I got and guess what I'm a lot more qualified than you
You'll get to the back of the place. I'm taking the job because I'm the one that's gonna get hard because I got a brain
Bill Gates with all those billions of dollars does anybody care if he's uh one way is religion his race anything else
No nobody gives a crap about that
Just like godfather's the CEO of godfather's is a black guy
So how do you like that we can get pizza from a whole bunch of Jews or a black guy today and we're getting pizza from a black guy
Am I right?
Yep, and doesn't that make me a little less bigoted less racist? Oh, oh, well, I thought I'd try
21 kill noon at five sixty double to qm five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T line
Florida Suncoast Aviation wants you to try something new and exciting with your life learn to fly
like Westlife
Or like uh what's your name learning to fly who's that by the uh come on real quick learn to fly
boy
Pink Floyd they had a song called learning to fly by the video that we see every day 500 times on here
Maybe you
Holy cow errands coming you know I'm as the staple of MSNBC news and now the long awaited CD is here the Ramsey
Sing their favorite each boy
We don't know
oh
Get the tickets for the flight
Hacks up at
You know fries won't expect dying
My bitch woman yes, it's so ramsy singing their favorite beats boy hits now available from guilty pleasure records
Well, why not oh really well Jeff Cole was just about to tell us something really interesting
We're happy to be in the neighborhood and said she got to think I'll stop by and try some of that got odd fathers
It's not here yet. You'll be gone before it gets here check out whether you want to or not
So what who did you want to give her free plug to so you can get something for free
Palm Beach Dakati motorcycle dealership bob yeah, so be care me because he knows you listen to your show
Great that's for you bob awesome
And let me tell you something anyone that's a little bored with life
Yeah, just to feel that pucker again
Feel what the pucker wants to do what feel that pucker wants the pucker again
Yeah, get yourself a little
Crotch rocket. I didn't say yeah, which is you know sport bike
Awesome, especially the katti killer. You know, it's how you drop these little aligns that crotch rocket
You know, you're not fooling us with this code that you come on here and talk this bill that you speak on here
No, crotch rocket
I didn't say
Call them. Yeah, how about a pocket rocket
That might work, but
You know, they're in your crotch. Whatever you say
When you have crotch on your mind a lot you have coin from the pizza lot
All right, there's the free plug for Jeff the free plug for the guy with a bike and Cisco foods the best food company ever round
That are not to be confused with Cisco instruments by the way, which stock is going through the roof
But nevertheless it's the ys seal and my car is their brown a lawns. They'll all these guys that haven't invited me on the trip again
This year, you know, it's that time again. I don't know
You know, I thought you went to morning row with them, which is already over
That was no that this year they're doing something else each year. We go somewhere else Puerto Rico is the best trip
Really? No, I lens was pretty good to see George is getting like a blirry
I when you said Puerto Rico. We got a really ugly look on his post when you said that. That was nice hate's Puerto Ricans like poison
Well, so did you do any Puerto Ricans while you were there? No, why not? I was married at the time. Oh
But if you get a chance to go on this trip, absolutely anybody that's moving. Okay
5 6 7 0 5 60 let's talk about Godfather's now good
Maybe stick a lot of few minutes. Okay, of course I'm turning that off because you might say I didn't say
again
Do you get any repercussions about that?
Saying that on here not at all. No, because I don't a lot worse things that have been said like what what by whom that's by us like what?
Like what?
Worst things than I didn't say
You know what I got for the first time. What is it?
I'd never had used one before well. I got news for it. It's not only great to a wallpish off your rectum
It's good to guard against those diseases too when you're spreading around a little bit too thin
Or no, I just know that it was definitely pretty awesome. Yeah, yeah
Rhymes with spray. Okay, get out of here before we go any further
I think this thing is really sick. Okay, first it's the pencil fin anal vibrators now
He's got a bidet. He's moving up to the rectum. Got to wing those stuff. And what was it the crotch rocket? Yeah, crotch rocket
I had one in my mouth once as a matter of fact when you go to pizza law next time
Maybe with your delicious entry you might want to order a little crotch rocket on the side
You never know what pops up at the pizza law
I'm gonna start doing real kinky spots for your spots for now. No fool just sex
Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hi. New. Yes. Happy related. I'm the first. Thank you so much. Yeah, this is Paul
Oh, like I said, I don't take no more. Where? How were you Paul? I'm doing great
No, no, I didn't say how are you. I said where were you Saturday that you were supposed to come by
I could not find the place. I'm not used to for louder. I could not find the
Well, that's the problem. It's not in for a lot of it. It was in Hollywood Paul
Yes, somebody needs to give you a roadmap and a compass. Yeah, I'm the use to take it back to Cameroon
No, why dad? No, I don't want to go back
Why not? No, I love video. I love video. Mm-hmm
And on this affirmative action. Do you know what you know the solution?
Solution for what affirmative action? Yeah, you know most of these key when
They put all these kids into college and when they get into college they can't make it and they're thrown out
Guess what it would lose by that end
I'm listening Paul
The black team that got into college to our familiar is action
And when they get there they can't make it the tool. How about if we just start 600 more NBA teams. You think they might help?
Probably okay, well listen hang in there Paul. Yeah, and thanks for getting lost not coming by well
Hey, why should he have been low? Okay nobody else came to see us under the age of 300
We had a couple you know I don't want to make it sound like last Saturday was a bizarre
Oh, you had to be there to see it to believe it. You really had to be there
56705 60 pound 560 on the AT&T line out of townlines waiting on you. It's wide open
It's sitting there waiting for some provocative statements out there on these things that are going on does anybody is on it's
No
8777 8563 45
I'm really embarrassed for this crowd today yesterday. I was that was embarrassed for myself. I'm embarrassed for you people today
Here's Wilton manners. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir. Thank you for remembering Bob Prince. What a great guy. He was yeah
Speaking of my hometown of Pittsburgh. I know I got online to read the Pittsburgh Post Gazette about this horrible killing yesterday
And the article says
The thirties are investigating the possibility that the crime may have been a hate crime
Possibility right?
I'm not going to shoot you honey. The black lady I'm just going to shoot all white people and he told you maintenance workers
You all white trash raises pigs exactly and later in the story it quotes and saying that but somehow it just may
Has been a possibility. Yeah, you all three times this past week
People have been victimized including the little kid that got dragged to death in Kansas City the little girl that got shot in Michigan
Right, and now these white people
Right all victimized by
You know people that are minorities nobody's out crying, you know, they're killing our children
What are they doing? You know somebody stopped this and white people on and the media is scared
Schmittless to even suggest that there may be them that they're a racist of color racist other than white people
Just remember one thing sir. Only white people are racist. Exactly. Don't ever forget that
And when the guy got dragged to death in Texas they led the story with three two white men
Convicted in the dragging death of a black man. Right. That was fine
Meanwhile here in the banana republic
I turn on channel 10 to 6 o'clock because I want to see the horrible news about this shooting and what do they lead with a
Much heavier male Lisa and the Ilyan father. That's what they lead with
Yeah, something I saw that bitch for 30 seconds on there yesterday
I'm going to tell you something I got the solution for that whole deal
Let the kids stay here, but make sure he goes to a family like in North Dakota
And as far away from that bitch is humanly possible
Let him stay here say screw Fidel but screw that family to that bitch. He makes me nauseous
She got as much credibility as sister a genie there
Yeah, her sister genie from the magic bottle that bitch right
But they last lad just want to say if some of these parents would put as much effort into raising their children
As they do to picking fancy
Clever names for them first names. I think we'd all be a lot better off
You wouldn't walk into a fast food place and place your order and not even be able to understand the person on the other side of the cash
There you go that grew up here. What you be saying you got it. All right. Take care of you
So stuff
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line a lot of open lines here today audience is very uncomfortable with this
Let's talk about something they can relate to okay like their food
Something that they can deal with very comfortably without getting all this pressure on them to have an opinion about something
Like being blown away about minorities wailing and screaming and she it's up to me
They leave it up to me to say all of these things even though most of the people out there and this poll that we're taking
I'm gonna tell you I'll you know I'll look at it
Tonight and then again give me the results tomorrow. I'm not buying it
The first thing that comes to mind when I see the first hours results on our poll today on our website is liar liar pants on fire
That's what comes to my mind
Because you just don't say these things because you know you don't want to and this is anonymous
That's the best part of it's on a goddamn internet anonymous
And they're still lying because they've been conditioned to lie. Oh, well, we can't say that. We're not very racist. They hell you're not
In fact, most of you are more racist than I am and I'm as racist as I want to be like the song says
5 6 7 0 5 although I do like Luther Campbell
Not like to hang out with just like you know listen to that crappy music once in a while because he pisses everybody off including wacky Jackie
Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hello. I'm a young black man first time caller. Yes, sir. I agree with you. I'm almost a hundred percent aware of you say for the first
What is it
All every institute is one by white people
Yeah
How can black people get in get into what white people are charging them get into what I mean college
How can black people get into college
Very simple very simple one fast and jump high. Maybe those are the answers for you
That wasn't a complicated question wasn't very simple
Run fast jump high get into college like like thinking like you never saw faster than God damn free train
Fast and you can say jackspread
5 6 7 0 5 60 I mean this is another hot one to me take a look at the athletes by the way
Take it up space in college all these upstanding athletes who are busy getting big discounts at dillards by the way
Which God only knows they can use some business but nevertheless
Yeah, take enough space that intelligent people of any color might be taken who've got a brain
But oh they jump fast and run higher how would a helacose is the other way around maybe uh-huh something like that
Much of bull crap
And that's the message that's the big lie out there to young black Americans. Oh, yeah, you're gonna be in the NFL
You're gonna be an NBA you're gonna be a major league baseball players that gonna happen. Oh, you bet your sweet ass that ain't gonna happen
Get a brain
Right Cecil? Yeah, you tell him Cecil get a brain
Even Jeff Cohen wouldn't be breaking into some goddamn bitches apartment 5 30 in the morning
To go in and take a look
He might be going and doing something else, but he sure as I wouldn't break into the screen window to go take a look
Whatty you bet your sweet ass he wouldn't to take a peek
5 6 7 0 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line and then to think that we had somebody on there
We have a whole bunch of people like Joe Rose there mr. Jackson if we're oh he hangs out with a boys, you know
They said this about that bitch, but I beat but I'm okay. Oh, yeah, Joe talk about rocket science
There's a guy whose middle name is the that's him Joe Rose
Good guy, but yeah
What am I getting all worked up about just because you came here and started talking about your crap
Hey listen, you'll love godfathers. It's great is what I'm hearing
It's right there by the Hess station on DV road extension right by 595
In fact, it's like connected with the Hess to go inside and you get a lot of gas
Which by the way the price of gas lately might have won a load up on the pizza instead of the gas
Hey, and you think twice red for it's ever gonna give me any pompato park copy by the way. No
Here's another deal. I mentioned this to our illustrious program director yesterday
Maybe I forgot to mention this one to him twice red for you can you get the job done? No, he's a good guy
Little bit on the dark side, but not too dark light enough for me
But nevertheless can't you can you get the job? No
Refuses an absolute refusal do I have the schedule for Simon casting in pompato park for the month of March?
No, here's March 2nd. I still don't have it. I'll tell you what I got. I got squat is what I got
Yeah, try to do a job for you people to pay your hard-earned money here at QM
Does this station care to screw and give a crap? No
No, she don't give a crap. She's too busy doing
Whatever she's doing. Yeah squatting on it
Lenin
Ob26 lum
You'll love your ass as I
You'll walk as I
You'll love your face as I
You'll love my soul as I
It's cruel
You'll be the picture of banking guys
I smack your hands and bruise up your body the way you like
It's cruel
You get my vote, your long and strong
You carry their money to hold your hands no fair if it's wrong
You suck and you wipe
You just beat my son
You're the judge of the truth
You know how to do that
Now they take with no take to that
Jeff Cohen says if you want to lose weight exercise
He's a hawk and again he's peeling this exercise
He says when it's out pull it off and move it
What he said
I didn't say s**t something like that
1202-560-WQA-560-560-050560 on the 18T line
Out of town line for people of any color
877-785-6345
Here's Fort Lauderdale
Hello
Hey Neil
Yes sir
Well it's a hockey game last night
We are going to come over my buddy and I
Wish you a happy anniversary but they believe we're losing so we don't want to bug yet
But happy anniversary
Thanks
I'm not some kind of a child you know
You were protein but they don't win every game
It wouldn't be the first time to make beliefs ever lost the game
I know we just don't want to bug you but happy anniversary
Thanks
Second thing
Nailed by a poor for this morning
Find out this morning my girl from my fiance's
Grandmother died
So we're running around running Samaritan deep hiding in the bushes
Two blocks
From where we live
What is radar doing 55 and a 45
So he writes me up
And he comes back doesn't even say anything
He comes back
And just listening to me
And I just like grew a pair
And I said to him I said do you ever even ask people why they may have been speeding a little
And he goes no I really don't
And I said well my fiance she was in the car
Just found out her grandmother passed away this morning
We had to run to the dry clears and go to Echers
And we're on we're going to change and go to the airport
And he just looked at me and said
Well in your envelope others and stuff in your out
You know you complete no contest and get out of it
If I could have got out and just killed my wood up
I mean it's just so it's been soaking
It's been soaking I was
I can't you know what it's like
He's got to business to write man don't be confused with the facts you know
Amazing and there's other last thing on the goal list here
You take people you know
If all of us have I believe this prejudice in us
But you take people 35
So work with a black person
You get to know the person
And you take the person for who we is
And with the Jewish person
Same with whoever I mean we all grew people
And we were stereotypes to an extent
But when I have to work with someone
They get along with me I get along with them
And if I don't like them it doesn't matter who the heck they look like
Or what they want
That goes back to the individual thing
I agree with that I agree with that
I agree with that
I agree with that
But in terms of the way you generally feel
I mean please you got to admit that there are differences between people you know personally
And the way you generally feel about groups of people
Even though we shouldn't lump everybody together
But you know what I'm just saying
There is no person unless they were raised by
You know perfect parents
Or have perfect friends
It's just how it's impossible
Not to have those built-in
Like you just said the generalization
For the stereotypes but when you deal with someone
On a one-on-one you deal with them the way
You know
I have a great day thanks
Can you just say that already?
Uh-huh
Two or three times okay thanks
5670560
Pound 560 on the AT&T Rivals line
Out of townline 8777856345
8777885 Neal
Our poll question today on the website on NearRangers.com is
You consider yourself very racist
Some are racist or not racist at all
Jeff Cohen is going to be answering that shortly here on the air
Let's go to Miami hello
Yeah I agree with you
Because I mean if you somebody
Blast out
Somebody blacks out
Is you starting to think about the way I think you're close from the sound of it
Well John Wacka made comments about minorities right?
Yeah so somebody makes comments to them
Let's see what you want to call
Areans, white people
Areans? Areans, white people
Yeah he's not going to get in trouble
Let's see it's black
There's no such thing as discriminating against
That's what I'm trying to say here today is that we got a separate set of standards
How about all the things that Charles Berkeley has said
How about the comments to homophobic things that read you white
Is it? We got a double set of standards
We got black people can say anything they want no matter how big it is
No matter how on the face of it
Prejudiced it may be that's okay but if a white person says something like John Wacka
Because he happens to be a cracker redneck
Then right away we're going to suspend them
We're going to find them we're going to make a big case on him
We're going to throw batteries in his head all
Which they were already doing in New York before he sent anything by the way
This is America for you
A bunch of hypocrites, bunch of liars
A bunch of freaking phonies for it
That's America
That's where all is politically correct
Bullsman came from
Oh you can't say that that's politically incorrect
Which by the way is one horrendous bad show
56670560, pound 560
There's nothing like I've told you before
Worst and somebody trying to be funny who's not that's Bill Mar
Somebody trying very hard to be funny
Who isn't even slightly amusing
Maybe funny looking but not funny
Is he funny? No
Here's a lady mobile in Miami
Hello
Yes ma'am
Neil listen I've been listening to you for a long long time
And today is my first time calling
And you made a comment about
You just asked an American school to college
Maybe athleticist
I didn't say that
Well you say they either can jump
The black man called me
He says how do we get in and I gave him the answer
Okay well let me tell you this here
I have two daughters that finish college
One went to college FSU on academic scholarship
And one went on a basketball scholarship
And both of them have master's degrees
And they're doing quite well
So sometimes it does work out well for them to go to school
Everybody I mean that's not as fortunate as other than
I think you stereotype too much to African Americans
You know
Well my daughter is a daughter
The answer is I mean I was obviously being sarcastic
But the answer is get yourself an education and get a brain
And if you're qualified you can go it's as simple as that
It's not rocket science anymore
Exactly well both of them had science
But one of them was on academic
And one of them was on a scholarship
Can she jump high?
One of them can jump high
Well she's a classic ball player
I hope she can jump high
In other words I wasn't completely wrong then right?
That's how she went to school
That's how she got her education
Not being able to jump high
And she has a master's and she's teaching
And she's doing quite well
Well that's excellent
Yeah well you know kind of choose your choice of words sometimes
You know don't criticize likes because they go to school on
Athletic scholarship
Because from oven do quite well
When they go to school on athletic scholarship
You think they got a brain right?
Just like why did you think they got a brain?
We need to have a brain
I'm not saying that blacks aren't the only people that go to school on
Athletic scholarships that are dumb
There's plenty of white kids that are more on stew
That can athletic scholarship
Exactly and they're dumb too
Exactly
You have some that a white shake all around
Like Cecil said I hope you can run fast
And have a great day sweetheart
You're stereotyped
Okay
Did she say I stereotyped?
I thought I was being very nice to her at the end
I even called her sweetheart
Well I'll take that back okay
Have a nice day
Period
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60
Have a nice period honey
Well she ain't having a more period
And 8, 7, 7, 7, 8, 5, 6, 3, 4, 5
I mean so great
I'm very happy for her
She's got two bright kids
And the one girl she jumps high
And she'd have asked if she was a lesbian by the way she plays basketball
What?
Well what's wrong with that?
You would assume naturally if she's
Oh it's big in lesbians I had a very nice young lady
She's a hockey player but she's not a lesbian
Not a dyke
Came by with her husband or boyfriend
Or both
And said happy anniversary last night
Give me a nice car
To talk to him
I was big there last night
I'll care what happened on this show yesterday
It was really weak
But anyway she also says
You have very good taste
And then she says
You can have Whitney
I'll take Coslov as what Kim says
Okay
It's done
Yeah
It's all done
It's 9 minutes after noon at 5, 60 WQA in
One million times for Neil Rogers
He's in the hyzer
I never thought I'd find the guy so right
That I think he's around big today
And as a classic figure we used to mix up
The way a brother would die at 10
Now we've been keen to try to end the trendest goal
Then it dies to the mercy
I don't think I'll be quick to carry you
Oh baby
We're gonna cause all the Terry Charity and B baby peace
Oh baby
Shiny middle building
Smelly machine
Princess French chin down
So I bounced down the road
And the big daddy super powe way
Now with the hockers stopped
Don't think he was someday
I'll get around the pictures of pigs
A 1979
And found Paul Carolina
She's all looking bad
Now he's my baby Cadillac
Oh baby
We're gonna cause all the Terry Charity and B baby peace
Oh baby
Shiny middle building
Smelly machine
Yo
I got a window down on the hot summer day
Cause the AC don't move no way
The swearing freshman lawsuits
Dogs misspelled
And gets the dusty work at the most time
And on my back he knew find the shiny
Grabbing fur like a lie
Lanks my carpet, shiny tubers
I've been washing it with all the road
Tom
And A-B
Oh with the color of Terry Charity and B baby peace
Tom
And A-B
Michael Schock and Mew's going both feet off safe and smooth
Tom
And A-B
Freshman knowledge here and you'll be back to Tiffy and B baby peace
Tom
And A-B
And A-B
And A-B
Don't come any now
1260 to 560 WQM
I'm going to tell you you need to monitor every word this man says
I can say sh**
Oh God
560
70560
Remember the one time you're in here of course we got this cheesy board here
Which the one guest microphone
Do I have like a whole bunch of guest mics like in the sports room?
No
I got one crappy guest mic
And it's like on a at the same pot
With one of the CD players over here
So in other words if I don't press the one button here
It stays on
Now wouldn't you be right in the face right now if you would have thought it would have been on like the last 15 minutes
Like that other time and you were saying like
And yeah
I didn't say sh**
Jeff called from the pizza loft waiting for Godfathers by the way
Starving it up
Where the hell are they?
I don't want to start getting pushy with our good friend Scott over there
See what you're going to do is you're going to sour relationship with those good people over there
They're wonderful folks
And of course you remember our friend Rudolph has
560
560
560 on the AT&T line
877
785
6345 out of town
Here's Hollywood
Hello
Yes sir
I'm a racist in the bigot
Yeah
When I came to Florida 25 years ago
I was a wide-eyed liberal
Yeah I was for every cause you can imagine
Right
Creek kissing, all hugging and the whole nine yards
Well down here in South Florida
I think don't forget the manatees
Down here in Florida
I don't know what they what it did but I learned to hate black
Really?
I learned to hate Spanish
Yeah
How about old Jews?
I don't know too much about Jews
Oh
Even old ones?
If I guess I'll wait a minute
You're in Hollywood and you don't know too much about old Jews?
Well you're right, I should get out
Well you must not get out too much
You're right
Wow
Is this a smell of some olive oil?
Is that mean that you're not
Yeah, now you're starting to catch on
Are you getting caught?
Oh I see
But anyhow
I don't give to any charity
Right
I give the only charity I give to the animals
I hate small children
Yeah
And I can't stand these things
Where they're rescuing all these all these illiterate animals
In Africa to save them
I don't save them for what?
Are they going to die anyhow?
For dinner?
For diseases and stuff like that
Thank God for it
Okay, thanks thanks for having a nice day
Okay, that was John Rocker's dad calling into a Linda
To try to sound in as they say
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound five
What the hell was that?
That sound like our fax machine acting up again
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60
I just say that
It's kind of hard to tell
Here's the mobile in Hollywood, hello
See, that guy was full of hate, huh?
No
Neil, how you doing happy anniversary?
Happy you started your 2050 year
Uh-huh
And I was calling to put in my
Actually I was prompted to call
From Jeff Cohen talking about the
Crotch Rockets
He's right about that
That's what they call the little
Imported
Bikes, the Crotch Rockets
But the Harley-Davidson's are not
Crotch Rockets
But as far as the racism thing goes
Whenever I have to fill out an application
It says race, I put human
I don't let him know what color I am
I'm human race
Yeah
And I know you sound like you're being impatient
No, I'm not being impatient at all
I'm just waiting for the radio material, that's all
No, I don't really have a great
I'm not my fingers not anywhere near the button
I mean, I'm sitting here waiting very patiently
This is your pal stubby, I know you
Watch I said
See how fast that finger moves, huh?
Uh-huh
Wow, like lightning, like grease lightning
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60
Pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line
A lot of input, by the way, on at the
Scandalist column that David J. Neil wrote in the hockey news
Rip it his own goddamn newspaper that he writes for
About the crappy hockey coverage when he certainly
Is in part at least responsible for the content of that
Coverage, if not the placement of it
No comment about that, huh?
No
In fact, see that's basically this is the beginning of 25
Years on air and this time this is what this show has always been about
I talk about the things that I want to talk about
And then they got their own agenda, they talk about anything else
No matter what it is
Like those free hockey tickets we got for the blues game on Saturday
Here's Miami, hello
Miami.
Neil, yes sir.
How you doing?
I just read an article about Native Americans and Blacks
The Got Together and Protests of the United States flag
Anyway, I was thinking about you and George in your quote
Unquote view about the rebel facts
So why don't we come up with a new flag just to turn them both down all together
Right?
56670560, 0560 on the AT&T line
Anybody interpret what he was just trying to say?
Yeah!
That's kind of what I thought it was saying
Here's a mobile in derail, hello
Hey Neil, how are you?
Okay
Listen, I'm on for the Confederate flag, the rebel flag
We're not talking about the rebel flag
Why are you just telling you that?
I'm not
I don't want to say the rebel flag
The flag is like a swastik, it's disgusting
Why are you all about racist?
Well, let me ask you something, where are you from?
Where are you from?
It doesn't matter where I'm from
Yeah, it does matter, where the hell what the hell is that about country are you from?
Well, yeah, you don't really speak, you come here speak all the time
Yeah, and you're in kite
You know, what does it different doesn't make?
But anyway, you know what the hell is the spick?
The Confederate flag, what about his army?
What do you have to say?
What do you have to say?
It does not represent Israel
What?
It does not represent Israel, it's not the Israeli flag, you should leave it alone
Yeah, you should leave it alone too, okay, because it's starting to bleed pal
Man
5,670560, pound 560 on the AT&T line
These must be the people that we saw in Saturday at the Seminole Indian Casino, you think so?
Some of them
Now these people are a little more frisky
Here's Coral Springs, hello
I'm Neil, how are you?
Okay
You know, I always consider myself racist
You know, because you know, if somebody cuts you off and you see it's a black face or a Spanish
And you find yourself saying something
Yeah, you don't speak what are you doing?
Something like that
Also, you miserable spook
Yeah, within the next few years
Loud, darky, just like Bonnie and
I'm also going to move so my kid could go to school
Crazy old kite
Yeah, stuff like that
So my kid could go to a better school that has wider demographics and better school and better grades
Now does that make me a racist?
No
No, I mean, no, all it means is that you care about the education of your children, that's all
But my underlying thought is, you know, you've got all those other kids, you know, those black kids in those schools
And I see them every day in this one particular school
I said, my kid is not going to go there because I feel that
And you know, is that being a racist?
No
No
No, all the parents, all the parents, I mean, what kind of black kids are there?
Are they like well dressed or they well behaved or are they like that?
I mean, you know, they're just little kids, I feel like that
They like that St. Vitus Dance and they're jumping around a lot and you figure out
No, no, no, no, I feel no ill-willed
They are
They're cute little kids, but the point of it is I think to myself, I say, you know, I don't want my kids to go there
Not because to get a mix with them, but they won't have the same education
Because I think they're going to teach down to the black kids
Right
And I'm thinking to myself, you know, you're brilliant
So, are you from women? Are you saying that all white kids go to school with black kids?
They're not going to get a good education?
No, no, but my, my, my, my experience has been that in schools where you have a lot of black kids
Well, what is a lot? Like 20%?
More than one?
Maybe a third
For your four?
A third?
A third, you know, and because of that, we're considering moving to another area so the kids can go to a school with better demographics
So in other words, if you have 200 kids in a school and like 60, 60 other more blacks
So take a class from this 30 kids and this 10 black ones
Yeah
And it teaches a white school teacher that teaches down to their level because they're not coming in with the homework
So they're not getting the same assistance at home. This is my thought.
Yeah
Nothing will, does this make me a racist now?
Yeah
Okay, then I am
Okay
56670560.5, Shannon, I understand the beginning
56670560.560 on our AT&T wireless line and the out of town line
Are we actually have a call on that line? Wow, what a concept. Point and V, chill out
Hello there
Yes, sir
Did you read the paper yesterday that Jeff Bush defended his brother's visit to Bob Jones University?
Oh, does that surprise you? No, but also I wonder if he defend the fact that Kenna Bunkport
is closed to Jewish residents
Yeah, you know, that's where all the Bushes are. The Bushes aren't Jewish last time I checked
No, they're not
Yeah
But I'm saying that Jews are excluded from him
And Bushes aren't Catholic, although he did marry a Mexican so she must be Catholic
I would say
Well, that's the only vote he's going to get because he's already got the Catholic against him
But you're okay, we love him. Just keep telling him that
He's a horse is there
Exactly, that's the point
Okay
Thanks
Right, that's what Al Gore is saying. V by George W
I already have a Chinese chance in November. You boys keep voting for him out there, okay?
George W, you keep out, you're going to have a rip-snorting good time, baby
But at least they're frying a lot of people now, I shouldn't say frying
At least they're leafly injecting. A lot of people are in Texas. They're putting them to sleep
I'm going there, George
26 past, you know, this we got the machine beeping but can you believe it? Jeff Cohen is sitting here
Can't believe he hears the voices through the window, through the door, through the
Fax machines sitting here beeping and beeping and beeping and re-letlessly because it's out of
Incker some goddamn thing
Man
This is a nut house. This isn't the radio station. It's a nut house. And too bad you couldn't be here on a day when
Like cranking up the goddamn mega mix over there at Power 96 where their mixin and matchin
And the walls are like shaken
So you're just a little bit too picky for us. We just come in just give me the check. We don't give a crap body in this.
Anybody have a heart or a liver?
And now on the campaign trail with George W Bush
Today, America's candidate addresses the unionized workers at South Carolina's
turbine tone factory right to be here in Nevada, South Carolina, Nevada
I want to be your president because I can relate to the ignorant blue collar worker
Don't say that. The ignorant worker all over the world
Hey, Bush, what are you know about working?
Never have worked today my entire life hands smooth silky palm olive you're soaking in it
Let's go to the next question
Yo, what?
Yes, sir. Yeah, well you're going to go and now want a good question the important substantive marijuana legalization
No, absolutely not cocaine. Yes,
heroin probably
And that I mean without a doubt
Now you
Thanks for asking first thing I'd like to do see me one up close not too close no touching
Perhaps maybe get a lot what can I get a lot?
I told you we thank you very much we got a good deal with George W Bush
And don't forget his other middle name. Yeah, he'd be bright maybe he'd be really bright 1232 at 560 WQ I am
Here's sunrise hello. Yeah, the 60s. Did that guy have Jefferson Air point
Here's hi, Leah hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, that was a great game last night. No, it was not. Well for me it was wasn't a great game for anybody
I mean the path is needed to win it but it wasn't how could you say it was a great game well the third period once a you know the third period was pretty good
But the first two periods were coma inducing well the first period was exciting for us because you know I wanted to beat the
Toronto real bad the blue
Blue monster the blue monster not a fighting game. I mean it was one of the most boring games I've seen
I'm especially when you compare where the first game the Leafs were here when it was 6 to 4 and it was great action back and forth
And all kinds of good stuff. I mean the Leafs had nine shots in two periods how exciting can it be? Yeah well the third period was pretty good
I wanted I wanted at least for us to shut down a team like that to get a few shots on goal
Yeah, and it would have been a lot more exciting if Whitney would have converted on those two shots he had. Yeah, oh by the way Denise's excuse was that he was holding a stick to tight. Okay
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line wow wow wow wow wow here's Miami hello. Hey, what's up, Neil? Yes, sir. I tell you all these race people just amazing. Yeah, for my well, I'm not really
All these race people what does that mean race? I mean they don't have to kiss no school of black kids. I mean I'm gonna be in front of my when I hold the college in Florida and I I
Group with black kids and others and it doesn't matter what color you are. Well, wait a minute. What color are you? I'm white. You're white. I'm from my I'm a country boy. Okay. You know I'm a black kids. Excuse me. You think you're real close to
Yeah, what I mean is I mean I'm with the school with black kids and I have black friends and I mean I don't think you should judge
Cool by the car. It's just a matter of their good person. I mean, I'm not talking about individual people. I mean that's redundant. That's not the point
But the point is that when you're dealing with with groups of people with with political movements with so-called political leaders when
You're talking about people that are screaming and clamoring for affirmative action and the belly-hacking about white people, you know, doing horrible things to black people.
Why isn't it equally as grotesque the other way around? How come race became an issue almost immediately in the case of the cops in New
York shooting the black guy and blowing his crap away with 41 shots and 19 hits. How come that became racial right away and Al Sharpton is up there and all these other
So-called black leaders and how come these two stories we've had in the last two days including one where the guy is obviously racist who said he
Wasn't a kid like any black people but was only gonna kill these white honky whatever he said. How come nobody's talking about the racial
Languages of that? It's unfortunate these things happen. Just like that kid again. No, it's not unfortunate. It's a double standard. That's why. How about the guy in Texas who took that black kid and strung him up and dragged him on the truck for
How about him? How about him? He's an animal. He's already been convicted. They had like a they had a fri as ass on the new news today. Exactly. It's just it's just an arse fighting today. It's just it's just about how about how come that was a racial incident when a black man was done wrong and when a white person is the victim of a black person
That's not a racial thing. You're a racist. I'm just thinking of society today is going to the crap. That is correct. Now you're now you're getting your thumb on it. Thanks for that. Have a great day. See in Iowa. See in Ames, Iowa 5 6705 60 pound 560 on the AT what's wrong with Iowa?
Well, man, there's some good corn fed people out there in the Midwest. Let me tell you right now Omaha, Nebraska. And by the way, it was nice to see Daryl sit there with the game last night. Anybody know who Daryl sit there was? No, Kim walking up right past me. I said, Hey, at least could use it in the hero.
And he said what? Here's a Miami Beach. Hello Miami Beach. One more time. Miami Beach is mumbling on the other end of the phone. And obviously ain't going to talk to us. 5 6705 60 pound 560 on the AT.
And the AT and T line 877 785 6345 as we continue probing our intellectual audience. Now we got to put George on today. You know, because this is an important topic. I can't get the intellectual colors for love or money. They're terrified of me.
But if we could just put George on here for just a half an hour. I guarantee this phone would be smoking baby smoking with intellectual swingers.
Here's Pember pine. Hello. Hello.
Listen, considering the race thing, man, racism comes from all sides. I don't care from which side it comes. You know, it's going to be there. We're not going to do anything about it.
So it might as well accept it. Okay. From all sides. Okay. And what I accepted. I mean, you know, what are you going to do? You know, easy that was.
Yeah, you have to. It's not going to change. That's right. It comes from juices comes from blacks. It comes from the Spanish from the Spanish everywhere. So there's nothing we can do about it.
I wanted to congratulate you on your anniversary. Thanks. And one chain was request. Yeah. Um, we're fine. I'll think about it. Hey, listen, yeah. One last thing. My final parting.
I'll fix them bush for the next four years. 5 6705 60.5 60 on the AT&T wireless line out of town line. Fort Myers, Port Charlotte.
Why don't I always mention Fort Myers and Port Charlotte? Why do I waste my time with that? I don't know. How about Palm Beach? How about West Palm? How about River of Beach? There's some dark folks up there. How about like a singer island? How about Lake Worth?
Living and breathing people in Lake Worth, aren't there? No. 877785 6345. Here's Tamara. Hello.
Well, afternoon, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you? Okay. Listen earlier this week, you were talking about problems with your cable carrier.
Problems with my cable carrier. Yeah, media one. Excellent. I was talking about the crappy service they give you. Yeah, I was talking about the cable. It's going to get worse. It's going to get worse. Yeah.
First of all, when you call to get service, you're not calling Papa no anymore. Yeah. It's Jacksonville. Oh, is that great? Yes, they're covering some monkwamp up in Jacksonville. Yeah, they're covering not only Florida, they're covering this out this region. Well, I'm not over here.
Yeah, I'm never going to have to call them again. They suck. Well, anyway, you like the road runner. It gives you that immediate service boy. It's under all the time on my computer. But as far as media one, they should only make me sick. It's not going to be media one for long. What's there going to be now? AT&T just bought them. Yeah.
So, boy, you know, the good news. Well, first it was come. First I had continental cable. Then it was media one. And now in the middle of the night, A and T by I wouldn't be surprised if AOL owns them by the end of the month. Well, when I moved to Utah, so for that, they were American cable systems. Yeah, probably clear channel of buy them out for $10 billion.
Yeah, I don't know. And all I know is that they just within the next couple of weeks, the announcement should be made public. Thanks for the bad news. I know you will like them. Happy with Daniel.
They suck. Okay. Thank you. And by the way, speed up a clear channel. How do you schmucks that are working for a clear channel, making four and a half bucks an hour? How do you feel about that $4 billion deal? Just to buy some horse ball company, whatever was yesterday. Yeah, $4 billion. It's like when we were working for Cox enterprise at the IOD.
We tried everything we know to make money. Again, the meantime, they're buying up cable companies and newspapers and garbage cans. Every guy dancing under the sun billions and billions of dollars. And we were like easily dispensable like like undergarments. We were dispensable.
That's for you, Bob. Neil. Okay. All you little assholes up there in Atlanta in Mugwumpville. And I don't see what the big deal with John Rocker is. He's perfect for Atlanta.
I mean, yeah, they got a lot of sparsers up there. But as far as the white people are concerned, I would say he's the definitive white guy from Atlanta, John Rocker. When she would read with us. Yeah. He's a good old boy. It's a good old boy town. It's redneck bill. Maybe it's Yahoo land. It's earning Johnson land. Yeah, Mugwump land. In fact, the slime from Atlanta runs down stream right to entry.
Twenty before one at five sixty WQM. I sick mother fucker purple on in my flat. So they smell like it's just a scratch in the morning.
Well, which is a 10 contestant will hit the air. He's directly across from region.
Twenty million people. What to do? I would just arrive. Here's a 10 vacation when I want to wear. We look and fly. Where a time bring extra underwear.
Now, keep your thing straight and clear. Remember that nothing to bear. You could be a brand new million.
Twenty six and five sixty WQM. Let's take a look and see how the market is doing. They just in case the food don't see what is this.
We don't have time. We want the arrows. We want this stuff. They got a. See a direct TV thing here in the middle. I'm talking about a promo for stars. Oh, here we go. They're all the NASDAQs down thirty six. You know what that means for the down. I bet it's in the crapper, baby. Oh, it's only down 12. Thank God.
Five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty. Come on. Let's go back to the old economy. This crap that they're coming up with now the old economy against the new economy. Please don't watch that. So if I don't care what my friend, Ted David says you need the job. Believe me. They're crazy people on there. They have no idea what they're talking about.
Here's a mobile in Perine. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes. That was a fantasy. I know Jigsaw threw me a shot. I forgot about that. Somebody told me right. Said who's the guy in the blue jacket? Leave it. Is that Neil? Already? Yeah, no, no, no, Roger. No. Anyway, my sister's a little too nervous to talk to you. But by the way, Jigs, you're still a good guy and you work still blows. But anyway, so I listen tonight. Does interview with Eddie. Oh, yeah, that should be. Oh, no.
He's a very interesting guy knows the sport inside and out. But you didn't leave. No, I did not. Why would I leave in the first period? A big. Yeah, like I found the Jigsaw. My sister's to never talk to me. You know what she's talking about. She wants to say she wants to tell you, even though she's innocent, she helped herself rise. What do you think? No way. Why would your sister must be on one rotten nasty bitch? Why would you say that? Just poor Lizzy. Yeah, poor Lizzy. You know something Lizzy.
She's going to make this miraculous recovery. It's only leukemia. Don't worry about Lizzy. You'll be okay. We got to worry about you know what's going to happen. Well, you know what you need. We have a great thing. No, we got to get Michelle out of her coma. That's I mean the Vanessa. Give the nest out of her coma before it's too late. See, how about a soap opera. We're good things happen. I mean, probably wouldn't get any ratings. We'll be boring. How about a soap opera where something nice happens for somebody once is that possible? No, we got Edmund. It's crazy. Edmund. The prince is brother and we got the you just know that they're going to have the accident. He's going to try to kill the worker.
And the worker happens to be the prince, the prince and the popper and the popper is Cassie, the former stripper with Jeff. I think. No, but that's yours. I mean, and Michelle. She's going to go away for murder. She didn't commit and poor little Lizzy. She's got leukemia and and Philip and Beth and this one and that one and Beth is going to have Phillips baby for when they were dying in the plane and did it one last time and all of a sudden score. He's pregnant again by her former husband. Like I said, if you think you have problems, just watch a soap opera and you'll feel
so much better about life. I'm telling you right now. It's just kind of like our being at the Seminole Indian there on Saturday. I left there. No, seriously, I left there. I know I felt younger. I felt better about my life. I thought, God, damn, I'm doing pretty good. Yeah. I'm still I walked out there. Of course, somebody had peoped on the sidewalk out there on the crew, but I kind of overlooked that. But no, they had your smile. Somebody somebody probably like, you know, you just had a little problem. Maybe they put their teeth in like a
side on backwards, something like that. That little trouble chewing it and the food too. But I walked out of the thinking, man, I'm kind of like an upstanding individual. My life is sweet. It's great. I could be one of those poor bastards in there sitting there at that table, like staring off in the space. Wow. I as long as I live on the memory of those two hours will never leave my mind. I'm serious. It left an indelible mark on my brain. It was it was the epitome. It was the capper. It was perfect. Right.
At the end of my 24 years in this town with the timing was sensational. It's kind of like the two bad Ralph Edwards and come crawling on his hands and knees out of the world. Well, this is your life. And just look at there it is. That was my life. Those were the people I talked to on WS News night after night after night. Those old, old Richard people with their teeth soaking in a glass. Here's my me Beach. Hello. Hey, afternoon. Yes, sir. I called earlier. We were stating the case about the percentage.
I think you really go speak for majority of the population, or at least the parents with kids and probably even a small portion of black families with kids in school. You know, you brought up a correlation about a week ago, but name in one neighborhood in the whole country where blacks have improved the neighborhood. Well, this is the same. Same correlation. Yeah. See, there are two words. I don't want to sound anymore racist. And I've already made the
thing. There are two words that would go over very big in the black community. Know what they are? Birth control. Birth control. This would make life so much better for everybody. That's that's that's really what it's all about. It's not really a racism issue. It's an issue. The same as true in the trailer parks where I have these barefoot pregnant white women who are pregnant every goddamn time you look at them. They've got one in the oven, one crawler on the floor, and they've got three or four more age, two, three, four and four and a half. You know, and there's something. Right. Who's that?
Exactly. That's really that's what the issue is. It's not really a skin color issue. It's a question of how the kids are brought up. What their family life is all about and their culture. I mean, this this six year old kid and believe me, I'm not making excuses because by eight six, you know, you're not supposed to blow somebody's crap away. But this kid, I mean, he's living in a flop house. Exactly. And daddy's in jail. And mommy got only knows where the hell she is. Right. And we got all these people out there making babies. You know, something the old saying was that you've been hearing
in all your life, the rich kid, richer and the poor make baby. And God, I don't know if that's true. Hopefully far away from us. Have a great day. Five six seven, oh five 60 pound five 60 on the AT stop making babies. I don't care what Martha Jean the Queen said and he tried back into 60s. Get out of your house and stop making babies. That was her great advice during the riots in 67. Go back in your house and make babies and boy, they sure did. They went back and out. They didn't know what they were doing.
They made lots of babies. Just just like all these things, they're autonomous again, a vendor, holy moly feel. What's he got 172 kids by 145 different women? Something like that. And then of course, there's his wife we could be talking about. Here's a mobile in Orlando. Hello. Hey, you know, I just want to start this conversation by saying, Viva Fidel. Yeah. And I'm going down from Orlando to Miami and quick question.
Each year more and more, we start seeing more blacks in the National Hockey League. Why don't we get a stick in there? We already have one who on New Jersey, a Gomez got Gomez. He's a hell of a player. Where's he from? I don't know where he's from. He's obviously Hispanic or something. I've never knew a Gomez who wasn't that or I know his family background or issue size, but he's Hispanic. One more thing and what about the goalie that played for Dallas? What else is his name for Nandez Gonzales the Schwartz, whatever is name it? There's a couple of things. I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to say,
I'm going to say, you had to call me to that unless you know expectations were it something like namestaggedsund such as drunkators? Other crazy people, that things go. Other NBA? Other places 48 July? Other places. But if including the
on Davy Road Extension by 595 right in the Hess station there.
Bring your car up alongside, get a little gas outside, go inside, have a good pizza, get
a little gas inside, there you go.
It's great.
Where are we going here?
I'm just lost, I'm just panished, I'm just ready to pass out here.
Here's Fort Lauderdale, hello.
Yes sir.
Hey how you doing?
I'm listening to you show all the time I just moved down here, well two fort Lauderdale,
but I was wondering where you from.
I'm from Orlando, Orlando.
I just went to college, I'm just getting down here, you can start at work.
So I was wondering why are you so again, why you sound so racist and you know you say you
know something about the individual, that's the individual, the individuals make the
masses.
I mean you can't judge on what you just see in the media and does the whole black race
for the whole whatever.
But the media is responsible unfortunately, you're right, you have very good blood but
the media is responsible for helping the shape our opinions of groups of people.
And that's you're right.
And so every time there's like a sensational story like the cops with a crazy shooting
in the Bronx who shot this guy a hundred and fifty thousand times and that was wrong, right?
That was wrong, correct?
You bet you're clear answer was wrong, it was grotesque and unacceptable, that's correct.
And the flag is wrong, you know it's that.
Yeah, flag and that's wrong.
The flag is just like this one, that's correct, but it's also wrong when we got a little
black kid who's running around with somebody's gun irresponsible, shooting a little white
girl in school and killing and blow her crap away.
And then we got this guy near Pittsburgh yesterday, this black guy who's running around shooting
white people and they get a point of it, their white racist pigs, he's only going to shoot
white people.
And you got those white kids in Caldeburg, shooting their own friends and then they got your
doctor, your black guy.
It's hopeless, it's just that.
That's right, it's crazy place, you're right.
It is a crazy world, I mean, you have to be individual and think of individuals, you can't
judge everyone just because he's black or white like the guys with the school.
Just like Malcolm, they're on the young in a wrestler, so I'm going to tell you if all black
people could be just like Malcolm, we'd all get along.
Well, you know, everybody got to be like themselves, they can't be like you.
Well, why not?
Okay, you look at the guy, you look at the guy who's talking about the schools.
Yeah, what do you need the blind teachers, the teachers downgrading her, her teachers down
the ground.
Now, if not the teachers, it's the system, it's the system.
Damn, the social promotion, man, we don't want no more social promotion if you can, if you
can do it, then fine, if you can pass, then must they're fine, if not, you're going
to stay in kindergarten till you're 25 years old.
Yeah, that's what it, that's the way it needs to be.
That's right.
I'm going to go through the ranks, I mean, of course, I'm with the high school, I did
it right in high school, it's just as many dumb white kids that are dumb black.
Are you bad?
As many smart black kids.
And not all of them live in trailer parks here.
It's in the percentages in the school.
I mean, yeah, the percentages are black and the school percentages are the white school.
You have to judge the percentages because naturally, at some schools, there are majority black
and majority white.
You can't judge it like that.
You have to look at percentages before you go judging people as a people.
Let's be educated here before you go out and call somebody, taking my kid at school because
there's too many blacks.
You need to go see what class is your kid, isn't it?
You need to be in the upper level class, put him in the upper level class, and get the same
education.
Okay.
Go on the parents.
And then you have to go.
Have a very day, pal.
You too much.
Yeah.
Okay, what do you say?
Now he's all right.
He's a good guy.
He makes some good points there, but the fact is that's, you know, that's all idealism.
Now, am I getting any of this or what?
Do I just spectator now?
Oh.
I'm going to put that back into microwave before I eat it.
Just relax.
Just sit down.
Eat.
Just eat.
Okay.
Please calm down.
Pro 56 at 56 at WQM.
You two a.m.
My every boy, my every day.
It's time to two hours.
Hi, V.
Today I'd like to read a letter that I'm writing to all white people today in the spirit of
unity and understanding.
Dear white folks, couple of things you ought to know.
When I'm born, I'm black.
When I grow up, I'm black.
When I get sick, I'm black.
When I go out in the sun, I'm black.
When I go out in the cold, I'm black.
When I get scared, I'm black.
And when I die, I'm still black.
But you, my white man, when you're born, you are pink.
When you grow up, you are white.
When you get sick, you are green.
When you go out in the sun, you go red.
And when you get cold, you turn blue.
When you get scared, you turn yellow.
And the happiest time of my life is when white people die, you turn person.
And you've got the damn nurse to call me Colet.
How about boys?
I'm sorry, I was bad.
102 at 560 at WQM.
So here's the, so what's the verdict on the pizza, Mr. Khan?
I enjoy the pizza.
How come I can't hear you?
Oh, I see.
What is it?
I said it was very good.
I really enjoy the pickles on it.
I've never had pizza with pickles.
Yeah.
I enjoy the pickle every 9-2.
See, now, that's what you get.
Look at that.
From having one pot.
You know, I say a pot on his goddamn places, what I say.
But anyway, yeah, I got one pot.
So I hit the damn thing and right away to the two.
I'm just a bit think of starting again.
Yeah.
All we're going to build you a state of the art studio.
And we're going to do this.
Liar, liar, pants on fire.
That's Greg Reed, baby.
You look up the word liar in the dictionary.
And there's his push right next to it.
Big fat, fraudulent, frickin' liar.
State of the art, my ass.
How's that new phone system coming by the way, Greg?
How's it coming?
Yeah.
So here's the update, by the way, on our poll question today.
Our poll question.
You can continue yourself.
Some of us racist.
Not racist at all.
Or very racist.
180 votes so far.
A lot of votes for one o'clock.
And very racist only 20.
Some of us racist.
118.
That's 66.5%.
Not racist at all.
42.
42.
How do you like that?
42 people in this audience are not racist at all.
Does anybody believe that?
No.
No.
Okay, I believe you.
Does anybody believe it?
No.
There are 42 people in this audience who are not racist at all.
Not a racist bone in their body.
Now one little bigoted teeny tiny corpuscle in their entire existence.
Are we buying it?
No.
Yeah, we buy it.
Which goes to show you that even being anonymous on a goddamn website, on a computer,
totally anonymous, they still won't tell you the truth.
And I'm sitting here expecting to get some meaningful conversation from this crowd.
Is there a chance of that?
No.
But you're sweet after, isn't it?
Here's plantation.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, Neil.
I'm just calling to say that I'm not a racist unless it's thrown in my face.
Uh-huh.
Okay, I believe we're all here.
We're all American, no matter what color you are.
Yeah.
Unless it's thrown in my face, like I was saying, like I just checked my mail today.
I got it from a school board of Broward County, Florida.
Okay.
And it says your son, daughter, has been identified as a student with the ability and interest to benefit from participation
in the Broward County School System, Summer Science Academy from Minority.
But Jodie Quack is a two-she's not a racist unless it's thrown in her face.
Hey, I'm sorry.
Okay.
I got a letter from Broward County School Systems that a course is open for my son or daughter, okay?
And it's open for minorities and females.
What am I supposed to do with my son?
He's like.
Yeah.
Okay.
Now it's one of my face.
Like a lesson from Alan Jolson, man.
I hear you.
Little blackface.
Get your head in life.
Look what it did for Al.
Maybe.
But then I got him on the town in America.
Look what it did for Reagan.
Uh-huh.
I'm telling you, American, does that make me feel good?
Oh, boy.
You got real problems.
I got real problems.
Well, if you were a child in America, you should have connections.
Uh-huh.
I'm northern Italian.
Oh.
I'll pop near Amsterdam way.
Okay.
Okay, Luke.
See you.
Thanks for watching.
Northern Italian up near Amsterdam way.
Did we understand that?
Yeah.
5670560, pound 560 on the 18th.
Well, I guess Melana isn't that far high.
You can go like a hike across the Swiss Alps.
Here's a mobile and Davy.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how's it going?
Pretty good.
Oh, yeah.
These colors are great, man.
Better than ever.
But the pizza is good from Godfather's Sensational.
Yeah, I know.
I miss my A.L.A.
This is a pretty good craft.
Yeah, I miss them when they left for a while,
and I'm glad they're back too.
Uh-huh.
Hey, listen, you know, we were talking about schools and everything
earlier on.
You know, I keep getting these notes from, you know, my kids' school,
and you know how you're saying how they just pass them through and stuff.
Right.
And they keep saying that they keep saying that they stay on.
I took a day off.
I went there, talked to his teachers and everything like that.
I got another progress report.
You know, just last week, the study was failing too.
Right.
But you get this report card and you get it in C's.
They're telling me that he's not doing homework and anything,
but you know, the average white person, you know,
you can't fail those kids nowadays.
So, you know, I just don't understand it.
They socially pass them just because he's a white kid,
but they're not giving them a good education.
Just pass them through.
Oh, Lord, what does that mean?
They're socially promoting because you know,
how about the black kids?
They're the black kids in his class?
No.
No.
He just happened to be on the edge where they sent him to like an all white school,
but then when he gets to high school, he'll be going to a 50-50 school.
Well, maybe everybody just gets pushed on through.
Just stopping to think about that.
Yeah.
I just don't understand it.
They were, you know, your kid's family,
but then they turn around and give him a C average.
I mean, that's kind of dumb.
Dumb is the word.
Okay.
Good luck, pal.
Okay.
There's this thing called dumpsters.
566-0560, pound 560 on the AT&T line,
out of town line, 877-785-6348.
We can't worry about educating the kids of this country.
We can't worry about things like guns are being out of control.
Well, we have to build a stadium for John Henry.
Now, see, the reason that they made you wait so long for the pieces they knew,
see this little psychology, that if they waited long enough,
no matter how it tasted, you'd say, God, this is great,
because you'd be polishing over here and you'd be staring at this.
And it worked like a charm.
It was pretty good, wasn't it?
Jeff Cohen said it was very good, because he's an agnonymous kind of a guy,
and he just likes to pass their money,
but he was not paranoid and insecure.
He knows he's got a great product and a great joint and a great restaurant, too.
Lots of free parking in front, by the way.
And also, I hear there were a rumor that he's going to be putting in the days in the restroom.
That's the rumor that I'm hearing.
So we can walk out of there with a squeaky clean recto every time.
That's the rumor I'm starting today.
Rhymes with the day.
Here is Bokeh, hello.
Neil, how you doing today?
Great.
How's the pizza good?
Sensational.
Awesome.
I just wanted to say, how much I'd have spiced, sharp, and then Jackson?
Yeah.
And I just wanted to ask you a quick question, I was having an argument.
Now let me ask you, does that make us racist because we despise those two individuals?
Well, lots of cause of the color of the skin, but the way they're at it.
Because they're obnoxious, disgusting, pandering assholes, exploiters of human suffering, right?
We love to manipulate the media.
Exactly, and manipulate the gullible people.
All right, now this is what I'm wondering.
How do the reverence get to afford these nice suits?
Where do they get their income?
Do they have, I mean, where do they get all their money?
What do you mean where do they get their money?
That's the best business going tax-free, man.
What are you talking about?
No nations?
Sure.
Rod, they call themselves reverences.
Right.
I don't know, that's all I want to know.
Jimmy Swagger, Jim Baker, Tammy Faye, Paul Croch, Jan Croch.
It's all the same crap.
Pat Robertson with a 700 club.
Unbelievable.
Exactly.
Thanks, Neil.
Have a good one.
We're in the business.
Let's all become ministers.
That's what I say.
Yeah.
Tax-free.
Don't have to worry about the IRNS.
And of course, Reverend Moon, you know why they went after him, because they didn't like
the slide of his eyes.
That's why they went after him.
Why don't they go in after all these other great robbing fakers out there?
Like that Benny Hanagai.
56670560.560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Only in the Banana Republic, baby.
Only in Miami.
Oh, I'm on the bank.
You know I suppose you can get my penis left in a happy way.
You can't say, but I don't care.
I'd like to send some kind of a detour to her life.
Who I feel the same as a liar carriage.
I'll let that chicken get real hairy as she has to wear.
Now I would lie, but I've heard too, but the lies too long, and I might find loose
changes or too.
Witnesses may be just out of high school, but I would lie to give her a mouthful of my
fatty voice.
I think for using really snow, but I would like to noodle with a noodle hole.
Who I want to bank, be on the path with her tongue.
Why do I think we ought to check with Hank and see if we can say doodle hole on the air?
Is that permissible?
I don't think this is the word tits on here today.
I'm sure we can say doodle hole.
Better check with the sports people on it.
Because this isn't a sports show.
If it's a sports show, you can say basically whatever you want.
You can even say that.
Hank will be out of derailleur the day by the way between two and six.
And then we got the Herakun hotline at six o'clock.
And I keep saying big.
He lost a lot of weight.
Hope Shambi all the way.
Listen to him a couple of nights ago.
We still full of crap.
He's a good guy.
Full of crap.
And then Eddie Kaye at the 10 o'clock.
There's a guy speaking of a big guy.
Shits a few rows behind me up in the next section of the hockey games.
Came over to me last night in between the second and third period.
He starts telling me about how.
Oh, he can't believe the Panthers were half a goal favorite in the game.
He starts talking to me about gambling.
So obviously this man doesn't listen to the show.
Am I interested in betting on hockey?
No.
On football?
No.
No.
No.
I mean to me, that's one of the, I don't want to go into it.
You know how I feel about that?
Sad.
Even when you're a real fan, there's enough stress in watching a sporting event.
Without also having to worry, you're going to cover some kind of a point spread.
And wind up making a few bucks or losing your ass.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Yeah.
Yes, sir.
All right.
I just got a comment.
You guys forget this country was found in racism.
It breathes racism.
Uh-huh.
And racism is going to be its fall.
Yeah.
We've got to stop preaching hate and start preaching love.
Uh-huh.
You mean like the guy in Pittsburgh yesterday was he preaching love that was blown up the white people shooting them?
There you go.
What the, what I'm saying is this does that help the situation instead of preaching love?
So in other words, don't, what does that mean preaching love?
In other words, yeah.
You're preaching hate.
I'm not treating anything.
I'm talking away.
People really feel.
Yeah.
Okay.
One, all right.
So in other words, if you're going for a degree.
I come on the year and I say, hey, love everybody.
Love your neighbor.
That's going to happen.
Is that what you taught me, sir?
No, that's what you got to start telling these people.
This country was found in racism.
And that's what's going to be its default.
You're, you're, you're, you're supposed to be proud of this country of freedom, love, and opportunity.
But it's, it's the, this is the effect of what this country was built on.
Well, great.
What are you talking about?
Again, you're talking about stuff that happened hundreds of years ago.
It still affects us now.
Look at the condition the country is in.
Look at the, look at how people are acting nowadays around the world.
It doesn't matter if the person is black.
It doesn't matter if the person is white.
It's wrong.
By the way, what's wrong?
What is going on?
Well, what, what is going on?
That's what Marvin Gaye wanted to know.
What's going on?
What is going on?
Yeah.
What are you talking about?
This country was founded on.
Yeah.
Okay.
I mean, I'll let you say it's 70-rated times.
Well, what you get to about 120 times, you know what I'm talking about?
Well, then I finally start getting a little impatient.
My finger starts doing the walking.
God.
Bap, bap, bap, bap, bap.
This country was founded on racism and Thomas Jefferson and slaves and but it was a bit of a...
That was like hundreds of years ago, sir.
This is the year 2000 for Christ's.
We're in a new millennium allegedly.
Are we in a new millennium?
No.
Supposedly, just go along with it.
Just pretend.
In this bull crap that we have to keep paying for our ancestors, our forefathers and the ten fathers.
We got too many holy moly fathers running around today.
That's the problem.
Let me say it again, sir.
Birth control or is that with an F, with a TH or an F, birth control?
Just keep sanitary and don't tell me to preach to everybody, love each other.
You're living in a goddamn ivory tower.
You got the wrong show pal.
Turn on Pat Robertson.
Oh, that's right.
He preaches everybody.
Hate each other.
Well, there you go.
Here's a lady mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
I just want to call in and tell you that today I found out some pretty bad news.
I went to my son's conference with a teacher.
She had notified me and told me that he is a very intelligent boy.
And that's going into this great.
She's going to have him tested for a gifted program.
However, she told me also that if there is a young black child who has the same score,
that that child will get the spot across before my son will.
Why is that?
We're going to see equal opportunity.
Why is that?
Because of the color of his skin.
Well, why is that?
What law is that?
What was that come from?
That's a good question.
I'd like to know that myself.
She didn't seem to have the answers.
I just don't know.
It probably means how everybody wants to know where the equal opportunity is.
And yet here's my son six years old.
I'm fully capable of being in a gifted program.
And he's not going to get the spot because a black child.
Maybe a quota?
Who knows.
But I think it's pretty unfair.
Well, good luck to you, sweetheart.
Thank you.
Neil needed it.
See, they could both probably get a spot on the gifted program without having to choose between one or the other if we just stop wasting money on crap.
I mean, you know, I sit in that arena last night and I love my hockey and I love the Panthers anime police.
It was great.
You know, seeing them again this year.
But I could live without it.
There's all that tax money.
There what to spend a place that's like half empty.
I mean, I want to tell you right now the average crowd we're drawing in that place is like 10, 11, 12,000.
Now we can weekend better.
Not full except one game.
Weekends better.
But week nights we're getting 10, 11, 12,000.
Some night thought that stupid Monday experiment they did on one of the presidents day, maybe 9, 10,000, maybe.
And then they got to place over here in Miami, the Mickey Arena, that the taxpayers continue spending the subsidized that forever and ever for the rest of the time.
Thanks to Mayor Pingapacania and that shady dealing made with the way it was with the Mickey Irison.
And you people don't care.
You just do not care.
Somebody mean time we got cops in high Alia selling ecstasy and other goddamn drugs to miners to kids.
We got cops in candle and other parts of this pound.
Horing out your kids.
Running prostitution rings.
Anybody care?
No.
No.
Well, you know, what times read this on the night?
That's the prep reason for the fall of the country not because of racism because it's stupidity.
Stupidity.
As in...
Stupid idiotic.
Right.
About 200 million of midesay being generous.
Here's a mobile in Fort Myers.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Okay.
Hey, speaking from the two of us who listened to you over here.
Yeah.
We're both racist.
Okay.
Right.
And that's those surprise.
Hey, and I got a good...
I got a good living in Fort Myers without being in good racist.
Yeah, I know.
And I got a good way to improve Peter Worrell and from the Panthers.
Yeah, okay.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
I told Peter if he just lighting up a little bit, he'd be okay.
Out of townline, 877, 785, 63, 45.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
How you doing, Neil?
Great.
I was just calling to find out.
I heard that there was a spading in Palmeiro High in Kendall.
Yes.
I'll girls that the guy.
Yesterday, huh?
You know any more information about that?
It was on the news.
No, because I just found out I wasn't sure what the shoes were.
It's true.
And by the way, they were both black.
If that's what you're...
If that's what you're driving at, is that what he's driving at?
I'm sure it was.
You feel better now?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
Out of townline is open.
If we got anybody out there like in Palm Beach, like in New York, like in Chicago, like in
Oak Claire, Wisconsin.
877, 785, 63, 45.
Here's Boka.
Hello.
Yeah, do you like Jesse Ventura for President Neil?
No.
No.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, and by the way, I hit the very good news if he ain't running.
Moron.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes.
How you doing?
Happy...
Happy 25 years of doing this crap.
Yes.
Exactly.
Talking to Moron.
Yes.
Listen, I heard some dumb shit yesterday around my local neighborhood.
And I couldn't believe my ears when some kids were playing around the yard.
And one kid told the other kid a name.
He just cursed them and the other kid chased them and shoved them on a bike.
And he fell on this residence in neighborhood.
So he proceeded to come out with a 9-millimeter behind his back and approached his other kid and grabbed him by a throw.
How old were these kids?
One was 16, the other one was just a young 10-year-old.
Yeah.
He fell on the bike.
He called him the name.
I couldn't believe my ears.
You know, this guy had to come out with this 9-millimeter and you know, just to find that, you know, you push his kid over in my property again.
And I'm going to take it out on you.
Yeah.
It's a real stupid stuff.
I just let you know on that.
That's the American fucking way.
Take care, Neil.
Okay, thanks for the good news.
Thank you.
We know the moral of that story.
No.
No, stay off your neighbor's lawn.
That's the moral of the story.
Don't use the 9-millimeter.
Use the 38.
Okay.
5, 6, 7, 8.
Yeah, see if those cops in New York would have ever listened to that.
They wouldn't have had a fire 175 shots.
Isn't that what it was?
422 shots.
Something like that, I think.
Out of town line, 877, 785, 6345.
Just like I said in the first day I called yesterday.
I was talking about these phone calls.
Every time I give out the number.
Every time I punch up a line, I do it with the greatest of hope and anticipation and expectation.
Hope springs the turtle in the human womb.
But don't get carried away.
Oh, just look at that.
I have a little thing on my.
This is really, very good.
By the way, Godfather's, we recommend enthusiastically and Jeff Cohen says,
listen, don't anybody go there who would be going to the pizza loft.
But if you weren't going there in the first place, go there because it was pretty damn good.
He only had 15 slices so it couldn't have been too bad.
Here's a mobile and four-lotterdale.
Hello.
How you doing?
Great.
I was wondering if you could clear up a question.
Is there all black colleges in the nation at all?
Well, they do have black colleges, but I don't know if they're all black.
I don't know if they're like white people in some of those institutions.
I really don't know.
So that's one of the colleges that are almost, you know, black universities.
That's true.
With United College, United Negro College Fund.
Right.
I wonder if that money went to an all black college.
I mean, that would consider to me to be racist, right?
Racist, right.
Well, let me ask you this.
Do we have all white colleges?
No.
I don't think so.
What is it?
And if we try, we try to be strong.
You try to be strong.
John, that's not a college.
That's a concentration camp.
All right.
Just wanted to go back.
Okay. Good point.
Excellent.
But you see again, we got to double standard and none of the people in this audience want to talk about it.
Because they just sit back and they accept it and they're intimidated because they don't want to see no dark face in the middle of their lawn.
But they don't really look under a push.
Maybe Cecil will come by 530 in the morning.
I just take a look.
Oh, when I listen to some of these excuses.
But if they wear a jog strap, you see then it's okay.
As barbaric and grotesque and as scumbaggy as they want to be.
But as long as they wear a jog strap, we got people on the station that will make excuses for them from now until the end of the goddamn time.
Let's take a call in Miami.
What do you say? Hello?
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'm listening to your audience and most of them.
What do you ought to be pretty depressed by now?
Yeah, I am.
But the thing is this.
I mean, I know you're positioned on a formative action and everything.
Scott, go.
The thing is that the racism is so institutionalized from generation to generation.
That is correct.
That the reason why I think most black people are given preference is because it is built in to the society and people.
I mean, they go out on the own and try to get a job.
Most of the time they're not going to get it.
If they're qualified, they'll get the job.
Not always.
We got people working on this radio station who are totally unqualified who are minorities and they're here only because they're minorities.
We do?
Yeah, well, I just, you know, I think that it's just the...
I'm here, sir.
In all fairness, I understand what you're saying, but I bet you that almost everybody who's listening to me right now who works for a living, who works for somebody else, is working in an establishment where there are minorities who have jobs, who if they weren't minorities would never be working there.
Yeah.
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah, but see, and they can't...
What's wrong with the idea?
I mean, if you want to get an education, it's very obvious.
There are a lot of very bright black people.
There are a lot of very successful black people.
There are black people who are millionaires.
There are black people in very high positions in government.
So what's the problem?
In other words, if you want to get an education and you want to compete on the equal playing field, there's got to be a time to start.
We just can't keep punishing people because they're not minorities for the sins of their fathers and forefathers and great-grandfathers two and three hundred years ago.
But you can't live that way.
Yeah, but the things saying people are still racists or practicing the racism themselves.
I mean, this is why the...
This is the...
This is managed towards the minorities are...
It still exists and then that's why things like the front of the action must remain in place.
Can't I throw it?
No.
I'm glad we forget it.
Let's go on in history.
I'm telling you.
I'm telling you the way it is.
Okay.
Okay, hang in there.
Oh, that was a bad choice of words.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0
That's okay, I'm by the way, I don't think he's going to get suspended for 14 days or whatever hell it is.
This is 560 QAM.
What is a Buffaloville?
I'm in heaven, yeah, yeah, hot in the break, yeah, yeah, hot in the good, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah,
yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, medio melts, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, it's kinda crazy for fun, for fun, it's aiten, isn't it! you guys look for fun, for fun, for fun, for fun, for fun this place is like tksz.
Make Bob Marley on his throne.
No fun in heaven if you're so.
But I bet you got to be a big fat guy at that point.
132 at 560 WQAM.
This business of making excuses for scumbags.
And you notice how I know these people want to address the issue.
I'm talking about a planned parenthood, a birth control,
of not making just a whole bunch of indiscriminate babies.
And what's wrong with the guy there in media
that we have to keep utilizing and canonizing
and kissing the ass of all these scumbags
that are out there procreating and planting their seed everywhere.
Like God damn it, the father of our country.
What's that all about?
I mean, you can talk statistics all you want.
But oh, so many minority children with no fathers
and no mothers and your mama and this and that.
Like the 60-year-old kid that's shot in blue wet,
a 60-year-old girl that we're not going to be bringing back
anytime soon.
I say it's time to cut the crap.
Tarts start taking responsibility for your own behavior.
See what just happened?
God's punishing me for telling it like it is.
He'd rather have me give you your old crap.
Or maybe he's going to give God some bad weed just now.
That might have been it.
And he's pissed off about it because he does work in a serious way,
doesn't it?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60.
Stop making babies.
All you sluppers out there, all you irresponsible maniacs out there.
Oh, well, he only had seven children by five different women.
But he was a hell of a guy and everybody, yeah, OK.
Good for him.
Here's the call in Naples, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Listen, I spent two years in Jamaica.
I was a year there.
I'm here.
OK.
I'm here.
I was teaching blacks of trade.
Retreating what?
I was teaching black people a trade.
Yeah.
I was working like a sort of like a peace course.
And I was on a bus once in Trinch Town.
I'm going to get my marijuana, which is at the time in 1974,
with a dollar ounce.
And they would not let me sit.
There was one seat left.
And a big black guy said, you're not allowed here white.
You're not allowed to sit down.
You have to stand in the back of the bus.
So I did for like five miles.
Yeah.
I'm going to get a taste of what it was like to be.
Well, all I can say is based on this call.
I can't say I blame them.
I guess you still got some of that weed.
Some of the wacky stuff.
Yeah, man.
Well, maybe you can help us out.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Stop making so, God, then many babies.
We got babies making babies.
Trailer park trash making babies.
Little Schwarzenegg girls making babies.
Stop already.
Stop planting the goddamn seeds.
Condoms, birth control.
Just like in Africa over there.
Well, they don't want to talk about condoms
and oh, God forbid.
Because the church is all pissed off about that.
Anyway, that's over trying to convert all those people.
Yeah, right.
God forbid.
That's another reason this goddamn pope should rot in hell.
And I'm sure he will.
Forced illness, forced illness, forced ignorance,
forcing it upon the masses,
forced misery and suffering.
I'll just keep making babies.
What?
Man.
Guess what?
Lesson murriano aqu.
What?
No, that ain't going to do it.
I got a piece of meat in my mouth and my throat.
Okay, why is that?
You don't usually do that during the show.
Not a McGillian around.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on a 18 T line.
No, sure.
I got a little, I think they're trying to kill me over there.
Maybe it's the Godfather.
You think he could be turned on?
Yeah.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello?
Yes, Neil.
Yes sir.
Father, God.
Listen, I grew up in Medellin Firefighters
in the city of Miami.
And in 1977, I went down and took the fire test.
And to become a firefighter.
I scored a 94 in the first test.
You took the fire test?
Yeah, test, you become a firefighter.
What do you do?
You have to start one?
No, I get the test, you know, bigger hoses if you really want that up.
Oh, nice.
I failed just by a little bit.
I got to line up and down the pool a couple of times, huh?
Exactly, exactly.
I got what I didn't have enough.
But they were taking people below me with scores of 79, 80s and 82s.
And the only reason why I didn't get it is because my last thing was using George.
Was it Rodriguez?
Or I didn't have the black color scanner or my skin was an Asian color?
Yeah.
Or, you know, you know, I just, it burnt me to a crit.
So I took the test again.
I scored a 98 out of a possible 105 points.
Wow.
And they were still taking people below me into 70s and 80s.
My dad was a firefighter for 35 years.
I got news for him.
Maybe if you had waited at the bottom of the pool to lay out, got on first, there wouldn't have been nobody below you.
I tried to arpeggio it and I'm seriously.
And it was, it caused me to no end.
And my dad tried, he knew the chief.
He had a little bit of pool.
I kept it after 35 years, you get some.
Yeah.
And I mean, it didn't matter.
I mean, I was basically, hey, you're not the right color skin.
Now you talk about me versus discrimination.
I mean, that's 100%.
But I mean, I should question, did I get my gun?
Did I go on?
Did I start shooting up Asians and Blacks?
And the Spanish though, like an 80, like that, down idol and says, okay, affirmative action.
You know what?
I was, I was a pussy.
I should have done it.
Yeah.
But you know, that's just, hey, well, it's all over now, man.
It is.
Well, those days are over.
They're rapidly coming to a screeching halt.
And God bless America.
That's all I can say.
Long overdue.
Thank you, God.
Well, well, it just makes sense.
Punishing people who are born today because they don't happen to be minority is equally anxious.
As punishing people, you 50 or 100 years ago because they were.
No more discrimination, okay?
Let's have competition based on education, based on qualification, based on I can do the job.
Thank you.
Better than anybody else.
Okay, fine.
You're hired.
Period.
And if you apply for a job and you can show me that you were, that you are more qualified than somebody else and you were rejected because you're a member of minority, then follow lawsuit.
I have any problem with that.
I don't have for being excluded because you're a minority, but don't tell me that you're going to stand in line in front of me, even though you're out of dumber than sawdust just because the color of your skin is a few shades darker or your last name is Gonzalez or whatever it is.
I don't give a crap and either should anybody else with a brain.
Got a sacrifice.
How many generations of people because of the fact that now we're trying to compensate for crap that was done a hundred years ago and 50 years ago and 200 years ago.
If that's the case, let's give all the Jews and the fags all the jobs.
What do you say?
We've been discriminating against it still.
Oh, they already got all the good jobs.
21 till 2 at 560 WQM.
The hurricane is f***ing low.
All right.
Come on, everybody.
You're looking at me.
We're going to play a game.
We'll be pipping spirits around.
Any panic to be the name?
No, what you talking about?
You take a bucket to a pool.
Got a pool, boy.
It fusses from skills to make it right.
Got a bucket to give.
Check that one, Robin.
Kick it.
What you talking about?
You have a sound and no sound.
No sound.
Jesus.
Jesus, Jesus, Jesus.
Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus.
I'm gonna die for Jesus.
Jesus, Jesus, Jesus.
Let me do a whole bit.
I'm gonna die for something.
Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus.
I'm gonna die for something.
Jesus, Jesus, Jesus.
Jesus.
Jesus, Jesus.
Jesus.
Jesus Jesus.
Jesus.
Jesus.
Jesus, Jesus Christ.
Jesus.
Jesus Christ.
Jesus Christ.
Jesus Christ.
I'll give you the better example and something about the race okay of my finger is feeling is seeing people with all kinds of like body jewelry and nose ring and Dennis
Rodman's a good example because he's black so I guess he's a bad example but I would say he epitomizes
He is the epitome of what makes me not and when somebody says to me
Oh, no, you got to be tolerant of the way other people know I don't have to be tolerant when people want to go out of the way to look like a freak
Use Tommy Lee for an example that way you don't have to sense a rig. Oh God
Yeah
Rings out of everybody part and just look looking like something that came from outer space and it makes me almost physically ill
It makes me nauseous and please don't tell me that in order to be like politically correct
I have to say oh gee don't they look great and that interesting aren't they
Whatever you're whatever they're supposed to be
Smarmy
Puking-ducing that's the only term that comes to my mind. They're just expressing themselves
No, no, they're not just being assholes what they're doing is defiling their bodies and they're doing it because somebody else told me that's cool
And a tip and it's in and it makes them something that they're not
Which is trendy or chic or something and then the chic something that sounds like chic with a different letter on the end like Schmidt
Is what they look like and turns me off and makes me nauseous just like the roster here, you know, I'm sorry
That's just my thing. Oh, yeah, but that's enough to get well, you know something
That's all I can say makes me physically ill
Oh, you can't say that I just think it's through Santa because I'm one of the few people
Be honest about it the rest of you most of you are full of crap just like our poll were taken. I'll be more than happy
I'll bring it the numbers in in the morning and I'll
Dignify it and read them on here am I gonna believe him? No, of course not
It's just shocking to me when you give any opportunity to really express yourself. You won't do it
Because you've been so conditioned into being politically correct
There are certain parameters and you can't you can't go outside the boundaries of those parameters or otherwise
Oh gee, I'm gonna sound like some kind of a well real human being with real emotions and feelings based on my real experiences
Not just because I live in the guy the woods or the hills and entry all my life and I never met anybody
You know for wasn't exactly like me like a mugwump
It just makes me want to vomit so if you want to walk around looking like a freak
Don't call me a bigot because I don't accept it because I tell you and of course if you don't care that's fine. That's that's okay
Here's a lady in bokeh. Hello
Happy anniversary. Thanks. Um first. I'd like to say that this our pinhead governor
Bush the only thing that that pinhead has ever done right is want to end affirmative action right because really we're not Cuban
American we're not black Americans. We're not purple Americans. Yeah, we are just American people
We need to make our country number one again and not number twenty five make our country number one and one
We already are number one in shootings. We're like in in in knowledge. I mean the world is very competitive
We're just when we're when were we ever number one in knowledge in intelligence and education. What was that? Wow
I was the miss then
Right on right I must have slept you that day. I'm actually can strive to be that
Yeah, if we can try to teach our children no matter who they are what they are where they come from
That everybody has an equal opportunity. Yeah, it's supposed to be equal for everyone and just because I'm white
Why should I be discriminated right amen? You know and and also crimes that black people come in against what that's the hate crime
Just like somebody if you know if I committed crime against the gay for that's a hate crime. Crime is a crime
I'm not into hate crimes as far as I'm concerned a crime is a crime that hate crime is the most stupid thing I've ever heard in my life
I think it's just a phrase that they you I mean come on God, you know everything
You know something if they call the hate crime or not you're just as dead
No, you know, you want what do I mind? I just went off. What wasn't I was really good. Okay. Sorry. Okay. Let's have a great taste
We don't think any other than I miss some young guy taking a shirt off on a soap opera
Oh see George is always trying to cover my ass so to speak I was trying to make sure it's in gone and they went to a commercial
I'm sure they'll tell what what channel is it on?
Uh, days of our lives whatever that oh nine eighty nine six
Oh, yeah, these are our lives. They're a lot of fine. They're looking people on that show male female
Someone not really sure a lot of good looking people and guess what what's his name is still running around there? I think they're gonna
Don't know who these people are but they're what's the crazy Russian mafia guy that's on there was
And then we got the guy who used to play the farmhand and now all of a sudden he came back as somebody else and yeah
But Doc she's still on there good old Doc. She on there. Uh-huh days of our lives. How about McDonald's carry
Let's see we bring him and I thought that his wife died Alice
We're not that I had any malice toward Alice, but I thought that she was dead or an adornail Alice
In one of those days that was sick a few weeks ago and my kishki's were twisted inside on and I'm a whole sitting at home watching
All these soap operas. There's nothing else on
And there's Alice Horton on there again. Let's hear it for Alice baby. Oh
She's only 175 she'd have been great at simile Indian that Saturday by the way. She'd have been probably the youngest one there
150 at 560 qa m
This is five sixty qa
All your play-by-play is right here
Oh
8
I
Is this the can real night?
Tell me I'm the only one that can't stand it when it's light
Yeah
True
You want
155 at 560 WQAM 560.560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Hollywood, hello.
Anya, how are you?
Great.
I used to live in Fort Myers and obviously
that are living over here.
But I did a lot of business in Amokhli and you asked about Amokhli earlier.
It's not Indians and red necks, believe it or not.
It's the Mehiconos.
There's a lot of the tomato pickers.
There's a lot of the migrant farm workers there.
And that's the majority of the population in Amokhli.
Yeah.
There are some shards there.
There are all sorts of red necks but they're few and far between.
They're the owners of the farms.
Yeah.
The majority is the...
I was in the black zone in the days of our lives right after I was in Pagan-Tissue.
I was in Pagan-Tissue and you were saying it's okay.
It's a little tongue-tied, but never a less.
And I agree with you.
I always think Bush is done that's good for this state as the people in Fort Worth have.
Yeah.
What is it?
The one Florida planet Bush...
Yeah.
That's not the only thing that he's done.
That's right.
Let's nail that on his ass and say nice going there, Jeb and then pack him off to someplace else.
Exactly.
Yeah.
His brother can run off into hills.
Yeah, they can run off to Aintree together.
Oh my god, look at this.
This got something for everybody in this scene.
Talk about taking a little dip.
I'm feeling a little grip right now.
Oh man, I'm getting choked up about this thing.
What do you say one user that's trying to tell what he's just saying?
Uh-huh.
Something like that.
Uh-oh.
Look at those bubbles.
Somebody that is just far just in the water.
Listen to this lovely.
I always like that day of our lives, even without that crazy Russian mafia guy.
Whatever's the name is.
Tony, you like that show?
Oh, and George, when I was going on my vacation so I'm driving the airport that day.
And one of the inane things George is talking about is how many of us homesick crystal forces
and to watch all these soap operas and how soap operas are horrendous and they're unreal.
They're not real.
There are no TV shows other than the news magazines.
There are no TV shows that have anything to do with reality.
That's why TV is escaped.
I think it's far fetched.
The way they talked, the way they were doing.
Is that far fetched?
It's fetching.
It looked pretty real to me.
I'll tell you that.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
The only problem is that America, the only group that isn't considered a minority, are white, angle, men.
Everybody else you can make a case that they're a minority.
And what do you see?
You mean white had a resexual angle, men.
Yeah, there you go.
Yeah, okay.
Let's narrow it a little bit more.
And what do you see in the US census when they cannot live with all the different checkboxes that you're going to check off to identify?
I'm just checking one.
It's an onion.
What your range is and your color and all that.
Yeah, I'm not as optimistic as you that at that affirmative action and all that stuff's on the way out.
It's on the way out.
Believe me.
Well, I'm telling you.
It'll be a great day when that would have finally been here.
Even when Democrats are saying, bye bye, you know, bye bye to welfare, bye bye affirmative action.
We've turned the corner, sir.
We've turned the corner to a new law because people aren't going to tolerate it anymore.
You think so?
I know so.
People are not going to put up with it.
Well, I'm glad I'm a small business because the smaller you are in business, the less government intervention you have to worry about.
Exactly.
How a great day.
Well, I should be pretty safe because you can't get any smaller than this.
Where are we going to a mobile in Miami?
Hello.
Hi, Neal.
Yes, sir.
I think that we're in trouble with the race because we forget our past.
I mean, we do forget our past.
We?
You know, the human race.
Look at the Holocaust that the German Nazi, the aristocrat in South America, Ikemen, it was in the herald yesterday.
We calling, you know, the horrors that occurred.
Yeah.
I mean, those are human.
You don't call them anymore.
I think the Israelis did a pretty good job with him.
You won't see him anymore.
You know, we're in the course of our own.
We're going to end up like that, you know, just to find each other.
We're going to do what?
If we, you know, the Holocaust was in the...
