Present the Neil Rogers
John John
How to Neil call 566-70560 toll free for dated records
John John
Or round 560 on your cell phone
The opinions of Neil, his guests, callers or anyone else on the show did not necessarily reflect those of the QAM
Beasley read acquisitions or the Beasley broadcast group
Now, Neil Rogers on sports radio 566-Q-A-T
Arricite!
F***ing blow
I'm John Rogers
You know what Emma left us made to leave baseball, think ol' bag told me I couldn't swing it to fall in a fern and cross-wellsert?
I decided up on my own goddamn Christian style restaurant
Rocker's barbecue
As Rocker's barbecue, we got a full menu with down-hole cookin'
Like awesome stew and mega-need-grill
Full roasted over a sped
And ever-fried a night week over in Zillian
Yee-haw
That's where I'll sashay around to my favorite dress
And lock my skewer on meat on your table
We don't expect so diggers and Jews and Rockers, Barbecue
No
Okay, 10-1 at 560-WQ-A-M
Scumbags and the scumbags who had worshipped it and mired them
I told you that's gonna be the name of my new book
Kevin, I said that for many, many months now
I'm just gonna be saying it in my book
I should start working on it right away in the book too
This John Rocker thing, I mean this goes to show you
Two big stories on the same day
You got these two people, in fact, somebody fashed me just the bear facts
Because Rila Lewis wasn't implicated at that time
Leighton the show yesterday, I didn't bother with it
Because you know, a couple of murders after the Super Bowl
We figured that's gonna happen probably most time
Sure, in America, that's you, Merck and F and Y, man
But now we find XUM star faces murder charge
All right, and we got some assholes on this radio station
Who are like, you know, oh no, that couldn't possibly be true
Dumb Jack?
Yeah, I don't want to mention any names, Joe
Always looking to defend the defenseless
Oh, yeah, but he was a nice guy and he did never stole a freight train
Yeah, just like Cecil
Remember those days with Cecil, who was just trying to dip his wick
And then even after he finally confessed
And after the horse was out of the barn
And after they ran out of excuses
Well, he was just trying to take a look
All you kids out there
All you young guys, you see some hot paid walking on the street
Maybe living in your neighborhood
And you want to see what she looks like
Like naked in bed though
So she got a chance to like cover up a little bit
You just go there to the house
You know, in the wee hours in the morning when you're pretty sure
Anybody in the house is asleep
You remove the screen from the window, of course
And then you like bust in the window
And you go and you take a look
That's all
Or like if you want to fondle somebody out of the covers
I mean, that isn't really rapist
No, you just fondle
I mean, just because you start fondling
Doesn't mean you want to go beyond that, does it?
No
No
Just a little fondling
Which is, you know, maybe he was fond of her
He wanted to fondle
And the people come on this radio station
And they defend this schmit, this crap
This walking excrement on legs
Most of the sports nerds on this station
And you want to know why
Because they are pandering to the sports nerds out there
The ones who say, oh, we don't care how much of a scumbag he was
Just like Latrine Spreeweller
There's another good example for you
We don't care what kind of a scumbag he was
Or how many times he tried to choke the coach
Or what how many girlfriends this one beat up
Or Lawrence Phillips or any of these people
We don't care
If they can win us a game
It makes us feel better about ourselves
And maybe even cash a bet
It's tragic
I'm embarrassed, I really am
I mean, I'm embarrassed to be on this radio station for many many reasons
But most of which have to do with a beastly and grey greed
With the fact that these are such a bunch of bogus broadcasters
With this cheap horseball equipment
And the fact that because they got absolutely no competition
I mean, like clear sailing
That, you know, somehow they're able to hang on
So I'm embarrassed about that
Not to a verse like Larry Lujack said years ago
Not to a verse to take the money which I'll take gladly
Because I earn it
But embarrassed for what a bogus bunch of
I mean so many of these people
And how many times have I told you that this is part
Of the fraternity slash sports mentality in America
That women are sex objects you can do whatever the hell you want
You can get away with murder, with rape, with anything you want
Drugs, I mean, forget about that
That's not even a contest
And forget about how many people in the NFL now
The National Felon League are scumbags
And murderers and whatever else there
Forget about that
How about the guys like Mark Dupur for example
Anybody seen him lately?
No
Guys know they get out
And what do they do? They go into a life of a, you know, peddling drugs
And whatever they can get away with
Irving Spice, how's he doing seeing him lately?
No
And so that whole philosophy
It sure worked well for Jimmy, didn't it?
I never met a criminal I didn't like, didn't that work real well?
No
Didn't work out, didn't it?
How's the meat your son downward?
Oh, let's take a stab at that one
How's he doing?
I mean, there's no question that in all walks of life that there are scumbags
But generally speak like, like if you're a carpenter
If you're a plumber
If you work for the phone company
And you're a rapist
Nobody's going to make excuses for you
Nobody's going to say, oh gee, but now give them 20 or 30 more chances
Is anybody going to make an excuse?
No
But if you wear a uniform
Like a priest, for example, a child molesting priest
Which I mean, God Almighty yesterday was just the 8 millionth in an ongoing series of never-ending stories
Nobody cares
Because you have to have at least 40, 50 more chances
If you have that uniform
But especially if it's a sports uniform
Oh yeah
Because you can run fast or jump high or throw the ball or cat
I heard a little dog in there this morning talking about and him and Geldy both
Oh, maybe the best little linebacker in the game
But maybe who gives a crap?
Who gives a crap?
And yes, he deserves his day in court
But what kind of a story is this?
And what kind of a legacy is you of him left by the way?
Wow
Man, oh man, what a lineup we could have with those, with those conducts, huh?
From UM, the Heracunes
And by the way, guess who was started all of that?
Yeah, guess who started all of that?
It wasn't Danny
It was, don't say it
Yeah, with those fatigues there, I'll never forget that, you know, the gangster team
That whole mentality
Let's round up all the gangsters and we'll win a bunch of games
We're gonna win, we're gonna win
Make us feel a lot better about ourselves and make a lot of money through the university
Because America respects scumbags
So long as they're the athletes scumbags
You've heard of student athletes, we've got athletes scumbags
And so here's John Rocker who gets suspended until May the 1st, which is the, you mark my words, the union will win on this
They're gonna go back him
And I have no love for the union in any of these sports because they're killing them
They're destroying them with these ridiculous salaries
And baseball's all done anyway
I mean, when a little puts with all the respect that Joe Costello was gonna get a psychotic when I say this
But Derek Geter, he's a very good ball player
Just a minute
Are you gonna sit in there with a straight face
And even though you don't have your Yankee jersey on today and tell me Derek Geter's worth $15 million a year
Nobody is
Nobody is
But I mean, even in the context and perspective with what the other salaries are
It's ludicrous
It's ridiculous
And they're saying, oh, if you think that's something, wait till you see what Griffey's gonna get in Alex Rodriguez
They keep screaming about everybody's losing money and nobody's showing up anymore
And in Marlins you might as well forget about them
All of these sports
And it's like they got some kind of a compulsive death wish they can't give away enough money
Here's this asshole, Paul Taglia, boo-boo, by the way
Who's even dumber than Bud Sealeg
I mean, Bud Sealeg's got an excuse, he's presiding over a dying sport
But as you saw the other night with a Super Bowl, which was record breaking ratings
So as it turned out in the fourth quarter to be hell of a game
People are it, it's alive and well, the NFL
But here's an asshole who's making eight million dollars a year
So of course he's gonna cover off his tracks
He's gonna say whatever's a speeding at the moment
Which I got all of his quotes here
But John Rocker is a moron, he opens up a mouth, says bigoted things and by the way, let's face it
How many of you have said the same things that he says all the time
About niggers and fags and Jews and whatever it is
He was just stupid enough to say it in an interview
And he's gonna get suspended until the first of May and lose out on that salary
Because he gave an ugly opinion and pissed people off
Whatever happened to freedom of speech
He's got, he has the right to be an asshole
I think that we ought to make the 11th Amendment to be, you know, or that we already got
What would be 27th, whatever we got now
I'm talking about the Bill of Rights
An additional Bill of Rights, you should have the right to be an asshole
Can anybody argue with that?
No
No
Because God only knows if there's something criminal about being an asshole
We're gonna have to start building a whole lot more jails
Just listen to this show yesterday to find that out
Or most days
We got assholes on parade out there
So John Rocker, he's gonna be, we gotta make it look good, see, for baseball
But he looks like we really want to reprimand this guy because these things he said
Or reprehensible, we don't want to piss off Hank here anymore
But all he did was give an ugly opinion
Shared by millions of people out there, by the way
And here we got these murderers and scumbags
And we got people on this radio station making excuses for them
Yeah, he was just trying to dip his work, he was just trying to, well, yeah
Take a look
Things that any adult should be embarrassed to say or think
Embarrassed, humiliated, degraded
Dom Jack
10 past 10 at 560 WQM
Only one South Florida radio station has a number
And you're listening to it at Goldberg
Weekday afternoons at 2
Sports Radio 560
Q-A-M
Freedom embarrassment
I broken through her bedroom window
All right, all right
And why they don't keep getting out of here
And what I did I knew was critical
But that it doesn't do if you play for the fish
Against my girlfriend for rocker kill me
That is how the bitch went support of his wife
Oh, man
Her surname of her was B. N. N. Wilson
And I found out that it changed me with a knife
Why didn't that bitch tell me?
It was due to our Q-Series
She be in bed with her husband
And that's how the bitch goes down
10 past 10 at 560 WQM
And I'm picking back at that OG business
Especially because he's here in town
We watch you out here, OG
Get down a lot, we hate you like poison
You'll be able to live in any neighborhood down here
I guarantee you that right now
But guaranteed
Unless you move in maybe with SCRWAN and her family
But at any rate
There's another classic example
All those people see there isn't one person in America
With an IQ larger than their small digit
It doesn't know that OG Simpson murdered those two people
Everybody knows that
And he got away with it
And in spite of that
We still have all of these people
Who admire him
All these people that want his autograph
All these people that suck up to him
Including several in this radio station
People are obsessed with him
People have his pictures up on the walls in their orifice
Let me say it again in their orifice
Backed him
Yeah, that too
And they don't care
Now like I said if it was the plumber
If it was a guy that came in here on the construction job
And was murdered two people
They say, oh my god
How can you, I'm not coming to work tomorrow
Unless you get that person out of the building
Wouldn't any normal person say that?
Right
And I sure as hell don't want that person living in my hood
But because it's an extract who wore a uniform
And after all, it's in a hall of fame
And Cat Tonto, Ohio, no less
I mean, was there ever any consideration to taking his ass out of there?
No
Even after he was found guilty in the civil trial
He was found responsible
No
No
Of course not
So this is part of the sickness of American culture today
The glorification and admiration that history
Over the scumiest, trashiest people on the face of the earth
I bet you a Ted Bundy would have been NFL player
He had gotten a lot more chances
You know, he'd probably still be alive, do you think?
If he could have just, you know, throw it
Maybe he was kind of a small guy if he could have just kicked the ball
He kind of looked like a Linda Murray now that I think of it
With a larger penis is what Joe says
Of course that could have been anybody
Yeah, if he could have been like, you know, a field goal kicker
He would have gotten a lot more breaks
Ravens Lewis arrested after Atlanta slangs
Let's hear it
A few M-star faces murder charge
Police charge Pro Bowl linebacker Ray Lewis
With murder late Monday in the slangs of two people outside in Atlanta nightclub
Hours after the Super Bowl ended
Lewis, a former University of Miami standout
Oi
Now with the Baltimore Ravens was charged after a day of investigation
In the slaying at the Cobalt Lounge in Atlanta's Buckhead neighborhood
Very fancy, fancy neighborhood by the way
About 4 a.m. on Monday
Very upscale
Lewis had been thought to be on route to the Pro Bowl game in Hawaii
Was taken into custody, was expected to appear in court today
Two men were stabbed during a fight that broke out just as the party was ending at the club
Witnesses said six men had fought and argued with the two victims
The men left the scene in a black Lincoln 220 navigator limousine leased by Lewis
As several shots were fired
From inside the vehicle
Police said the limousine had Maryland license
Placed was leased from a Baltimore company called all stretched out limousine service
When in doubt, we're all stretched out
The vehicle was found in a parking lot behind a hotel near the shooting scene at Atlanta police spokesman John Quigley
Said, Quigley and Georgia Bureau of Investigations spokesman John Bankhead
Both said it could not release the tales of the investigation
Reached by the Baltimore Sun before he was charged, Lewis said
I cooperated fully as for the situation
I be having no comment
One man died of the scene, another victim died of grading Memorial Hospital
The Fulton County Medical Examiner's office identified the victims as Jacinta Baker, 21 and Richard Lawler, 24 both of Atlanta
The 24-year-old Lewis from Lakeland became the second NFL player this month charged with murder
Not just like armed robbery, not like cocaine, the traffic and murder
Of course, it's still pending, you do understand that
The bodies are still almost warmed
On January 4, Caroline of Panthers, while receiver Ray Caruth was charged with first to be murdered on the shooting death of Cherika Adams
Who was pregnant with their son
That was one of my all-time favorites
She was pregnant with their son
Of course, were they married?
No
No, but that also was the American F and Way
Especially in certain segments of our population, I don't want to mention no ethnic or racial things here
You know, a lot of deadies and a lot of mommies and not necessarily a lot of weddings
Just last Friday in the state of the NFL Address
Commissioner Paul Tangany of Boo Boo commented on the recent rash of criminal charges against current NFL players
Can we separate ourselves from society? He asked of course not
We can't predict what NFL players will do anymore than we can predict student shootings
Other students shooting other students or workers shooting fellow workers
The son reported that Ravens officials as well as fellow players were concerned about the friends Lewis had become acquainted with during the past three months
On December 6, the salt charges were filed against Lewis after an incident in the Baltimore County bar
According to a police report,
Cautrice Parker, 24 of Baltimore, said Lewis Drucker on the left side of her face and she fell into the bar
Lewis is expected to stand trial on that charge early next week
So he got to be busy
I don't think he's going to make it out to Hawaii, do you know the Pro Bowl?
No
He got to be too busy
And here's his comment, this is my favorite
This is the best right on the heels of the God Squad
Pointing out that Super Bowl in the last couple of minutes on Sunday
Lewis, when asked about the incident, said about the two incidents, says
The devil is busy always after God's children
He is always trying to get you one way or another
Yeah
Think on it long and hard
Let me say it again
Because those are words of great wisdom
All your kids out there
This from the upstanding U of M graduate Ray Lewis
Great NFL superstar from the Baltimore Ravens
He says, the devil is busy always after God's children
He's always trying to get you one way or another
When asked about whether he was concerned about his friends and his relationship with the Ravens Lewis said
It is something I'll discuss with him but not something I can be talking about now
End of quote
And in this long story by the way, somebody facts me from the internet on the MSNBC webpage
Ken Rosenthaw, who is also a comments for the Baltimore Center and writes for MSNBC
writes about all these things
And basically says that Paul Tagley, who is a bullcrap artist that he's just trying to cover up
He says, according to a book published last year, Pros and Cons, where did we hear about that?
See, I remember having those guys on and talking about the book and encouraging a lot of you to go out and buy it
And I kept wondering, how come the, say, I mean, this isn't the sports show
How come this is a sports station
And all he talked about here is basically football anyway
And here's a very provocative book about the NFL and the scumbags who are playing in it and have played in it
And I'm the guy that had him on the ear
The authors did this book and I'm the one that's talking about it
And the rest of these people are trying to cover it up
Just like the hockey people who do their best to cover up that book that I talked about also
They don't know, we don't want to read that
No, because there's too much truth in it
There's too much truth about guys with uniforms who are given the entitlement to rape and abuse
And beat up that crap out of women out of their women, so to speak or any women they come across
And I said, come across
Squirt, Squirt, right
And he just, he just want to get a look
He just want to take a little look
And basically do whatever the hell he wants
It's the fraternity mentality
Boys will be boys and women are just sex objects
That's all to be used and abused and beaten to crap up
It's the pimple mentality
Use them and abuse them and lose them
It says according to a book published last year, pros and cons, the criminals who play in the NFL
21%
21% that's a little more than one out of every five NFL players have been charged with serious crimes ranging from domestic abuse to murder
21% and Paul Tagli-Bouss
Oh, well, we're doing a lot better than the regular population out there
Do you know any murder personally?
Do you know any murders?
Anybody who's murdered somebody?
No, I don't
And I've lived a lot longer than you have
I never, I don't know anybody who, at least to my knowledge, has murdered anybody
I don't know anybody who's raped anybody
I don't know anybody who's beaten up their wife
Personally, I mean, you know, maybe
That I know of
And anyway, this column by Ken Rosenthali says
In the trend certainly doesn't appear to be diminishing
The shocking crime that led to Karuta's arrest made national hit line
And the day after Karuta was found hiding in the trunk of a car
Limey Rookie Rob running back
Cecil Collins with charge with burglary
How do you like that?
Hi!
Tennessee Cornerback, Denard Walker
The player beaten by Isaac Bruce for the winning touchdown catch in Super Bowl 34 is on probation after being charged last summer for assaulting a former girlfriend
And let's not forget St. Louis Linebacker Leonard Little
Who pleaded guilty to involuntary manslaughter last summer after killing a woman as a drunk driver
Little sentenced to 90 at night in jail, 90 nights in jail
A thousand hours community service in four years probation played in the Super Bowl
Oh, right!
It says to think Louis has always represented everything that was right with the Ravens
He was one of their first two round picks in their inaugural season
They're leading Tackler almost from the moment he joined the team and undersized Linebacker who made it big
Louis plays with unmatched passion, breathtaking speed and terrific strength
He's the kind of player who inspires fathers to save their sons, that's how you play the game
But as associations began raising concerns among his teammates this season
The Ravens gave Louis a four-year, listen to this, this will make you up-chuck
You know, those sandwiches you're reading in there that you will puke your guts out
The Ravens gave Louis a four-year 26 million dollar contract
with a seven million dollar signing bonus when he was 23
It was the correct decision from a football standpoint, but who knows, maybe it was too much too soon
Two players charged with murder in two months, whether Tackleable admits it or not
The NFL has a problem that says Ken Rosenthal and MSNBC this morning
And in the Baltimore Sun
A big fat fricking problem they got, disgusting, embarrassing, humiliating
That statistic again, 21% of the NFL players have been charged with serious crimes
Ranging from domestic abuse to murder
And these people on this radio stage now others, and of course they have scumbag
Listen to this sports nerds
Well don't tell us those things, we don't care, we don't care
All we can care about is if they can play ball
There's a whole separate, different set of rules for athletes
It's like when they go to college, do they have to go to class?
No
Do they have to buy a textbook?
No
Do they have to get any real grade?
No
Do they have to take any real courses?
No
No
What a hypocritical buncher schmit
And we're always hearing people with this, you know, because it's politically correct
Even though they don't really give a crap
All the education is so bad, our kids are going to school
They've got them quonsed up if they really cared, it wouldn't be like that
But they don't really care
Just like that Tyson thing they have a knife
Just another classic example
Here is one of the, I mean I can't find enough adjectives to describe what a scumbag
This guy is
And no matter how many chances he gets, he goes out and does some other aberrant thing again
It's just a matter of time
And when he was over there in London, just goes out of his way to be obnoxious
And they can ask a lot of himself and abuse and do whatever the hell he can
And there's still outside his hotel, outside his big hotel suite there
It comes out on the balcony like the frickin' Pope
And there's cheering out there
And then he goes out and beats some fat tub of crap
In about two and a half minutes and gets eight million dollars for it
AHHHHH! You people out there are subsidizing it, you love it, you can't get enough of it
And it makes me sick
Makes me learn a barf
Makes me wish that sports, as much as I love my hockey, I would be willing to sacrifice
All of it would just go away
This society would be vastly improved if sports would disappear from the landscape
And we get back to the business of having a brain and educating people
And having our priorities straight on top, as opposed to upside down
I think I could survive
I think life would go on somehow
Because it's already self-destructing anyway because of the rampant never-ending greed
I mean, it's just crazy
Direct-gater, fifteen million dollars a year
Oh, we're so concerned about education but of course those school teachers
You know, they go to High Line in the summertime
And they only work nine or ten months out of the year
I mean, I hear the worst crap from people over these years I've done these shows
So you expect somebody to go and put up with all your brats and take all the abuse
And no support from the parents for forty or fifty grand a year or whatever they're making now
How much?
Around thirty
Like I said, slave wages
To try to do the jobs that you're either too incompetent or too terrified or too stupid to do with your kids
And yet these dumb, scummy, jocks, the lowest scum on the face of the earth
No matter how much they make you not only encourage it and approve of it, you subsidize it
Subsidize it, look at all every time I'm Tyson and I'm gonna have a paper review bum
No matter who it is
And then, and then their favorite thing is to call in the next day
Oh, we were robbed, it was a forest, it was a fraud, it was fixed
And they still come up with their forty or fifty or sixty bucks
It doesn't make any difference
And you want to know why?
That's the American fucking way
Well said, sweetheart
1027 at 560 WQF
We've got with the first team, Joe Rowe, Jeff DeParis, and Steve Goldstein, we've been running to six
Only on sports radio 560 QAAM
Floridian, dumb ab dirt
Don't forget the news, get it out
And you have a gap, down in my tunnel, down
Yes, I did
A piece of a knife, and now it's got a thing in it
The piece of us, and the piece of us
And the piece of us, and the pieces of us
So it took more gas, and I've got a contract
Another radio, you beat me on MCD
Yes, yeah
And what is the piece that I thought feeling?
Lost a piece, a son of a, why I found a way?
Why I found a way?
What makes you money, is a connoisseur, we think about money
It is so silly, yummy, you think like we do?
A voice is something that I forget I share it
Your future is brilliant
I'm telling you here, I'm staying in touch with you
Curfee, dog, gas
The cups of a no-no, I can't say customs
We think so, I'm stupid, but no one can tell
Your people too, but only dog can hear us
People come to our concepts
And we are made to know, you're not touching me
Curfee, dog, gas
Okay, come down
Pension 31 and 560 WQ, I'm happy Tuesday too
Whatever the hell it is, 560, 560, 560
We just hired Ray Lewis for our sales stand
Here at QM Greg was in with a breathless announcement
And as soon as Cecil gets up, he's going to be next
Oh, yeah
What else wrong with that? Why not give these guys a 20 and a 30?
And guess who's in back in town this week?
I want to mention his name on the air
Bring up those old stories about that golf tournament
He's back in town, I wouldn't be surprised if he'd be looking for a job too
I mean, here's a guy that comes on here and says he's looking in the floor to be caught
I mean, talk about stupid
Because they can't garnish you your wages here
And so I'm coming on here and saying, you know that, not a way that I beat the murder rap on the first one
But the civil trial where they said, oh, they're all those millions of dollars
Well, guess what, I'm coming to Florida so I can beat that
Oh, yeah
Nice going there
God, well, we're going to have somebody big and tough to replace
Roy
He's had that little old running back, he got in here, God, that guy's about two feet tall
5'670, 5'60, 05'60, on the AT&T wireless line
Here's a mobile in Miami, hello
Mobile in Miami
Our first call of the day and it doesn't sound like it's going to be too successful at this point
Hey, Neil
Yes, sir
Hey, man, I'm rockin' man, he doesn't have refined sense of race
Like some people we notice on the radio stations
Uh-huh
And on OJ
What does that mean? So, he doesn't have the right to say it?
You've got the right to say it, but he's got to refine it more
And then sort of get by people that complain about it, you know, like some people we know
Made it study it
Oh, that's right
Yeah, that's right
On OJ, man
I swear time at home, I study of all kinds of literature
How do you like that, a Ramsey's living next to you?
Is that right?
That Ramsey's okay to move in next door
Absolutely not, no way
All right
Hey, man, why are you not black people to make a lot of money on sports, man?
Okay, let me ask you, is Derek Geter black?
He's kind of like a, you know, a-
He's got a moment
First part of the day
How about my piazza? Is he black?
First part of the day and you get black
Get outta here, jackass, other professional sports, and go away, man
I don't have time in my life to waste with professional ethics like you, okay?
I don't have time for that crap
Is Bobby Cox black?
No
No
But the fact is in you to see it's the same, it was the same with OJ, same thing
If one of our, Joe and I were talking about this off the air yesterday
It's really interesting
And I'm not saying that it never happens, but I don't notice like when Ted Bundy was convicted
Were there a whole bunch of white people saying that it was a racist thing and that white people are, you know, get a bad image from this
I don't remember anybody saying that, do you?
No
When John Wayne Gacy was convicted
Were there a bunch of gay people coming out and saying, oh my god, this is homophobia
And this is just like a witch hunt
No
And Jeffrey Dahmer the same thing, anybody say that?
No
But because you're such a professional ethnic
Every time a black person is accused of anything
Oh my god, here we go again
It's the old Jim Crow back again
Or is it John David Crow? What team you be on?
I mean, you're gonna have to grow up and start being like an adult
Not like a juvenile between your ears, okay, sir?
Always pick it on black people
And I guess I'm responsible for the fact that Rih Lewis is black or that Cecil Collins is black
And the fact is that there happen to be any enormous number of black players in the National Football League
Is that correct? Right
I'm responsible because Latreans free well be black
Even though the overwhelming majority of players in the National Basketball Association are black
So I'm responsible for that
So that makes me a racist
And because I defend John Rocker's right to speak just like Reggie White
I defend his right to be a bigot
And he was still playing for the Packers at the time he was running around with all his homophobic remarks
And making all these obnoxious disgusting comments
We can call him an asshole, okay?
Just like John Rocker
He's also an asshole
Was Reggie White suspended or fine?
No
See, and this is just like the thing with his spanic community
It's the same thing
Liberty, Liberty, Liberty
You have the freedom to say whatever you want
As long as it's okay with us
But the moment you say something that pisses us off, then you got a problem
John Rocker is just as much a right to be a bigot as David Duke or anybody else
How about this?
Bobby Bird, the Senator from West Virginia
He used to be a member of the Ku Klux Klan and has been the senator for about 100 years
How about him?
You just don't understand it, do you?
You may not like it
It's one thing to like it
Maybe you can despise John Rocker while you want
I just think he's another dumb joke
I mean, there's so many of them, how do you differentiate?
And I wouldn't be surprised if he'd get slight like to say with Mark Furman
There's another classic example of the hypocrisy of America
Oh, you had the audacity to say the N word and we got you on tape, got you baby
And the reason that he had the nice thing is because it's unacceptable in America
You can't say nigger in America
You can't say it
Even though people say it all the time, including black people in their music
And to each other
I think it's time to strip away the BS from IBS
But it's not going to happen in this country in our lifetime because this is a country of phonies
Everybody has to posture and be politically correct and say those things in public
That they don't believe in, never would say in private
Here's West Palm Beach, hello
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Great
Well, first of all, it's a shame that you get ripped for just being honest, you know
He can rip all he wants, okay
I just don't have to listen to this book, grab because he's a professional ethnic
And no, kidn
Two things, first of all, have you seen Bob and Tom live?
No, well they're coming 24th and 25th of a comedy corner
Yeah, I heard four comedy clubs in the country
I just want to let you know
Yeah, anyways, it's just a real shame if you took my piata and you took like Shaqil
Now you're making fun of Italians again
Oh no, I'm going to give them a shot
So just for their salaries, at their jeeter
Yeah
And you add to the three together, it'd be almost a half a billion dollars
If how many school stuff can you build for that?
Nobody cares about school
Nobody cares, nobody cares
It's a dumb country, we don't care about school
If we talk about it because it sounds good once in a while we talk about it, then nobody cares
Yeah, just flip it, give the professional athlete the school teacher salaries
And then just flip over the money, you know
Okay, I will see you
Okay, hold your breath
Just flip it, just rub it
Yeah, that too
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the 18 and 2 wireless light
Everybody gets all whipped up into a friend's e-mail sound like that
And nobody gives a crap about those things
Because this is a country of dummies
This is a country where being an egghead is sprung upon, we're having an intellect
This looked on, just take a look at the presidential candidates
Take a look at them, if you've got a strong stomach, if you've got the New Hampshire primary tonight
We've got any great scholars in it?
Oh yeah, Bill Bradley was a Rhodes Scholar
You know something big, the Aladdin 40 cents on buy them a half a cup of coffee
He's got a personality like a dead frog
Like Don I miss on a bad day with a head cold
I mean, do we have anybody like it like a Roosevelt, like a Kennedy, somebody who's art
And I'm going to talk about their politics
Whether you like to, didn't like those people
I'm talking about somebody who's got leadership quality
Somebody articular, somebody like Mario Cuomo God forbid
Can you just even forget again about his family tree
And all the other things that he's nervous about
Can you imagine a debate with any and all of these candidates in both parties
And Mario Cuomo just him against all the rest
No content, no little contentory
Forfeit before the end of the first round
Oh, but he's too liberal
Oh, I'm sorry
And he don't like the death penalty so I guess that just qualifies him right
Uh-huh
Okay, next
How about Donald Trump? There you go
21 before 11 at 5, 65 WQF
No portion of this broadcast may be reproduced without the express presentation
No, no
WQAM, easily-reheated acquisition court
Arachite, f***ing blow
Today's broadcast is brought to you by New f***ing clean
The all-purpose cleaner
See this shirt? It's f***ing clean
How nasty is his carpet stain? Well, just drop down to your knees
Use a little bit of elbow grease and f***ing clean it
Yes, you can f***ing clean anything
F***ing clean your dog
F***ing clean your silverware
F***ing clean your car
F***ing clean everything you own
Get f***ing clean today
Come visit one of our 8th f***ing clean stores
Or look us up on the web at f***ingclean.com
And f***ing clean it up
Okay!
1044-560 WQM
Tonight's Hurricane Pittsburgh basketball game
See, we got Hurricane's and Panthers up the old yin-ing tonight
Correct them
That too
7 o'clock on QAM, we got the pregame for the Panthers and Hurricane Gubb
Hockey game
And, because we got that going on, we got to put the basketball game someplace else
So we have the pit Panthers, mommy, Hurricane basketball game 8 o'clock in progress
In progress on 790 AM
The game can also be heard in its entirety on the internet on the HurricaneSports.com
Okay, got that?
No!
Let me say it again, I won't say it again
We got Panthers and Hurricane Hockey, we got Panthers and Hurricane basketball
We got Panthers and Hurricane's up the old 560-560
Pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line
See in America, I know this comes as a great shock to a lot of you dummies out there
In America you've got to write to be a bigot
And express it in public
And people have got to write to say you're an asshole or they agree with you or you shouldn't have said it or
Whatever they want to say
That's what diversity is all about, that's what this is supposed to be all about
But of course that's only in theory, just like a freedom of speech is only in theory
Here's West Palm Beach, hello
Hey, you know how you doing?
Great!
Good, this is a black guy and his Jewish friend on the island as well
Oi!
Two things on the cover with you
Well, first I do believe in, in free speech I think what Rocker said was to speak in his mind
You can't punish him for it, I mean if we start punishing him, they're going to punish everybody for sanding and everything
So I don't give a crap by what he said, doesn't involve me personally
And you're right, I mean, you know, we use it in our music and we say it to each other all the time
We should be desensitized to the world by now
I mean you show me a heterosexual male in this country that doesn't use the word Fag all the time
and it doesn't talk about niggers and I'm going to know who that person is going to be, I can't imagine who it might be
I've never encountered that person
I mean if that word is still called as hatred or hurt or whatever, you've got to be like so far behind the times
It's just ridiculous
Right, and thing number two my friend, we're up in Palm Beach and we can't find the key chains anywhere
You're not going to find them anywhere, they don't exist anymore
Oh, you can't
I hate to break the news to you but President Lincoln's got a bad headache sir, you're a little bit behind the signs
They've been gone for ages, we ran out of those back in November and December
My friend's gone down to Hollywood and down to Broward and he couldn't find them anywhere
Well, he won't
Oh, dude, alright man, you have something good with it
Okay, alright, touch it later
Sorry about that, we could have sold another two, three, four thousand of those, good way
But that's a, you know, water under the bird speaking of OJ
And when Greg was in here, I should have asked him about the other 1150 bucks for a center one, anybody ever find where that went?
No
You know, anything about it?
No
And nobody cares
See, nobody cared about that either, I thought that was like a major issue, even forgetting about that golf tournament and our fundraisers
Just in general, and nobody cares because like I said, how many people really have any principal?
When you come right down to it
They wanted to go out there and play in that golf tournament most of these clubs, not all of them but most of them
So they could rub elbows with a bunch of marginal x-jocks and then of course once OJ showed up
They either ran like crazy and got out of the head, any principal at all, or they went over and sucked up to them
And had their picture made and got his autograph
Oh
And of course Greg Reed, who was in here only a moment ago, he knew about that whole deal at a time didn't he?
Like I said, the embarrassment factor, they have got to pay you, if you're a talent, if you have something going for it, if you bring something to the table in this market on the radio
They have got to pay you an extraordinary amount of money to come and work in this place, to compensate for all of the other things
It's just unbelievable, it's mind-boggling. I said to Joe the other day, I said if and when I do write that book about my career in radio and especially in this market
It won't be about KET, WSNEWS, WINS, ZATA and IOD about any of those places, the entire 600-page book will be about this place
And I'm sure a very very large chapter devoted to the infamous OJ golf tournament
Anybody care about that? Have all these scams going on in the name of a charity?
No, no, because the charities don't care, because they'll take you if you throw them a little bone, it's like your dog
Throw them a little bone, they'll be happy and wag their tail, that's how charities are, it's tough to raise money for charities these days, any of them
So they'll go along with a scam no matter what it is
And the people will participate, like I said, they don't really give a crap, they're not going to take the time
Well how much money is really going to charity if they don't care, I can go in here and pay my money so I can smooth rub elbows with a bunch of dumb jokes
Here's a mobile in a four-letter, hello?
Good morning, Neil
Yes sir
I just have one thing, 99.9% of it when you're on, I agree with what you say
But the only one, it's not even a butt, I just wanted you to try to clarify for me
When you're saying that we're the ones out there that subsidize the athletes, what they may go into the games, the only problem I have is when
with the Panthers at 15,000 in the game or the heat of 12,000, there's empty seats everywhere, then you can't get on the air next day and say we're a bush town
What are you saying?
Let me answer this, how many murderers are on the Panthers? How many gangsters on this team?
In the Panthers I guess maybe are bad example because we don't have that with the Panthers
But I guess with the contracts and just what these guys are doing in every day you have
I've already said that, I'm way ahead of you, I've said the NHL is catching up with the other sports and they're starting to pay ridiculous amounts
And you have all these four Canadian franchises and big trouble, Buffalo's and big trouble, Pittsburgh almost went under again
I mean, you know, it's just a matter of time and when the collective bargaining agreement ends in four years, whatever it's going to be, they're going to walk out for a year
There's going to miss a whole season because it just got to stop
Right, and maybe you'll just take, if you take that there's 14 or 15,000 people at these games, maybe it's catching up to, you know, those four or five or six thousand season ticket holders finally say, hey, I'm not going to do it anymore, I'm not going to subsidize the entire season
Well, I have said that, I do appreciate the fact that people are being raped and that the prices are ridiculous
And also the fact that, you know, Wayne, it wasn't enough for him that the county was going to build a mistake out in Arena for him
But he instead of having like 17,500 seats, which would have been plenty, plenty
Now we have to have 19,500 so we can have thousands of FECs every day
And so a whole bunch of them can be undersized and uncomfortable and the ones in the corners are like little baby seats
Because they just don't give a crap, he could add the same number of sweets and the same number of boxes and the same number of club seats
And still rape the public for all he wanted without having 19,000 plus seats in there was ridiculous
And not even, I mean, it's not even, you know, it's not even the usual amount of what you pay for tickets
I mean, 10 bucks for a beer, 15 for a hot dog
Like I said before, drink your beer and eat your hot dog someplace else
Neil, kind of should question
There's nobody holding a gun you're head saying that you have to keep running back and forth to subsidize the concessions stand
Especially in that place, my dog wouldn't eat most of that food
Right, Neil, as far as the best of Neil, we're who do we call the yes-centre one?
5, 6, 3, 3, 600
Or you can just go to the website, NeilRounders.com
3600
Right
I'll see that in a minute
Have a great day
But I didn't just get to say a minute ago that if all sports disappeared tomorrow, I could go on with life
Did I just say, I mean life goes on, it's not the most important, unlike a lot of the sports nerds who listen to and subsidize this radio station the other 20 hours today
There are more important things, hopefully, in life besides some stupid goddamn ballgame
But America has become so vacuous, why do you think that Quyshow is so big now that radio show? Is that a good show?
No
Marginal! Marginal at best
Because I've been around long enough to see the really good Quyshow is the one that we're exciting and dramatic and entertaining
This is a, you know, just a slap together piece of turd
But I mean, oh, it's exciting and everybody's talking about it
Yeah, it's happening
So everybody must do it because people feel as big vacuum in their lives
Just like in this town, I keep asking, what is it that goes on with these people?
What is there in the...
I have no life
Yeah, that's the answer over and over again
I have no life
Or somebody at least convinced them that they have no life
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line
Here's Halondale, hello
Yeah, everybody is associated with you, I'm sure you've taken up this show
Okay, great, too bad we had that big buzz online
He said everybody associated with you, M should be taking out and shot some stupid thing like that
Probably Tony Cigarette or doing a voice
Don't tell me line 4 is screwed up again, not after Greg Reed was in here earlier with him
Huh? Oh, listen to that
Oh, listen to that, if you're applying for it today, then what did I just say about the embarrassment factor working on this radio station?
Listen to that
Here we go again
Day after day after day after endlessly
How about line 7? Is that when we're working there?
No
Because I took a look at all and now please don't tell me you're going to just echo this bottle on full sound on here because I noticed that
Yeah
You seem to be having another phone problem here at QAM
See, what I don't understand is how can anybody, I don't care how stupid they are
Believe me, we've got some real stupid people in this place
I don't care how stupid you are, how can you be that unaware, that indifferent, that unfazed, unconcerned
That you can allow this schlock to go on day after day after day and dilute yourself into thinking that people are just going to come back and keep fighting this day after day
Without finally winding up dragging your ass into court and saying yes, what?
I just spent a month, five weeks sick because of you when you're stressed in your bull crap
And they're saying look at that, they're wanting to like you hear that? I'm not even touching a phone line
We just had a phone click on a year
Just like three times in the last week that we've had line 8 go on spontaneously without anybody touching it and the line either
Setting new lows in broadcast history Greg Read and the wannabeed lease
I think we should leave that on till two even during the spots
If you guys can make it all, who's that?
No, no, they're doing it
You'll be doing somebody on there and this is the best thing
There's somebody actually on there trying to get on saying hello, hello
And we got the recording and we got the plus
Let's hear it
That may be a first
That was special, that was sensational
We just had a three way right here that may have been the first three way in a history radio
Eat your heart out Howard
How do you like that?
We had somebody desperately like a little voice in a can that a million miles away
Hello, hello, can't like Alexander Graham Schwartz
And then we had the big buzzing on and then the operator was hang on to make a call, hang up the stupid piece of crap and try it again but it probably won't work
Let's hear it
Alright, WQAM
The best fake make-believe radio station in the history of the human race
Even Mark Coney is sitting there just spitting up blood, he's life and so hard
He is, he's spitting it up
Squirt, squirt and the blood too
Well, give it a shot, you never know you might get on one of these lines and we might actually be able to hear you
5'6, 7'0, 5'60, pound 5'60 on the AT&T wireless line
See, I have to take part of the responsibility because if I had any balls I would have walked out a long time ago
And had my attorney who's too busy being a big shot printing his back newspaper
I would have had him notify them that when they want me to come back, put in a phone system that works and I'll come back into a talk show
If I would have had any balls
You know what I'm saying?
And I do have balls but not quite that big yet
But I guarantee you toward the end of the week I think that's going to be it for a while
10-56 at 5-60, WQAM
Hey, take it to the bank
Joe
And we want to be great if George is still sicking, I'll come the end of the week that we have Joe Castella doing motor sports Saturday on
Oh, hey, hey, hey
Come on George, put away those drugs please
Or like I said, get him out
Head cap with no discords
Starting at 10, 7'11, 10, 10, 10
Here, week night, only on sports radio 5'60, QAM
WQAM
My heavy, 40-bottomed scale
Laurence, now that I got caught, boy, he doesn't just be gone, don't be
Ooh
The farmer is in the back
Had a hundred bucks worth of crap, don't be
Yeah
He was extremely active just like the D.P. cocaine
I like to cry, help me, I can be fine
Okay
Two, three, three
One of the Allen's stars, my wife of me, I'm fine
We're cocaine
My daughter is got caught, is in the back of my e-bott
So, okay
They play ball and ball on ground, got it wrong, do we have cocaine?
11-11 at 5'60, WQAM, happy Tuesday for my, your friends here at Criminal Radio
And of course this place is a crime, is there a crime about that, is there?
No
Okay
5'607, oh fuck, come on, let's get that line 4 on again, the audience likes her in here
I said it's any, oh I love it
Hmm, I'm gonna pause on, let's see who I am
WQAM
Thank you
Thank you
5'607, oh 5'60, pound 5'60 on the AT&T wireless line
This is like putting somebody on an assembly line and Detroit, you know, to make automobiles
Only if there's no parts coming down the line, you know what I'm saying?
No torches, no, no nothing, no equipment, and just standing there like, oh, fuck, make me a car
That's the beastly FN way
Here's Fort Myers, hello
Hey, what's going on
Oh wait a minute, I'm hearing like this line isn't so great either, go ahead sir
Hey, how's it going? You were talking about the, I don't want to stray from topic too much, I really don't want to talk about sports stuff
Anything you want, anything you want
Okay, you were talking about education and George Bush and everything
Okay, first of all, I think, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know
Bush, well I don't have to-
What did I mention George Bush?
Well here's what I'm saying, okay, you were talking about real bad, real Bradley, right, you know, both scholars?
Yeah, I don't know the source, but I had heard somebody say, one of these puns didn't say that George Bush had higher AT scores than Bill Bradley
George Bush is proud of the fact that he was a very average C student in school
Okay, I don't know the source, I don't know-
Hey, and what does it make, he's still eminently unqualified
Well I know, I don't agree, I don't think that George Bush anymore qualified in John McCain, I'm a Democrat
And I would-
John McCain is just a wise guy as all he is
Well you got to figure it out, I've been spent five years as a POW, I mean that's-
So what does that mean, does that mean to make him qualified to be president?
Well, Commander-in-Chief definitely, I would think, this is my opinion
He's qualified to be Commander-in-Chief because he was a prisoner of war?
Well, more so, I would say, well, I said I don't want to straight-
Well, where's the logic in that?
Well, I mean at least he's sensitive to the issue that's going on in the military
Well, I'll tell you what, we probably got some 90-year-old people who were in concentration camps during WW2
Should we bring them back? I mean they knew all about misery and suffering
I hear you, but here's-
Here's-
As long as that is qualification to be president, to be a leader, to have a brain, to have courage, to have the right ideas
Well, that's-
No, I'm not saying that's not important, I'm just saying he is that-
That at least because the Constitution says that your policy commander-in-Chief, at least you have some sensitivity and knowledge to the issues that was going on in the military
Yeah, I mean-
So what are we talking about here?
Anyways, okay, here's-
About this education thing, I don't-
I don't know where I-
It's purposely where I stand on vouchers right now, but I mean I've heard-
I heard George Bush say something interesting, he said the way the system is right now, without the vouchers,
these schools have no incentive to try to improve their system, and that's one argument that he gave that's why-
Oh, no, brother of course has got to bring away, and that is that they get a failing grade, but we'll do it's penalized them so they can be even worse
Right.
I mean that's just double talk, that's bull crap.
The fact is that all young people in this country deserve an equal and a quality education, and this bull crap about they have no incentive,
that's just garbage, it's nonsense, on the face of it, it's ludicrous.
It seems to me that-
Isn't any commitment to great education in this country, and anybody with a brain knows that?
It seems to me that the Republican kind of-
vouchers are just an excuse for the right-wing lunatics like the Bushes for example, just an excuse for them to face out public education as we know it,
and to give more money to prokial schools, that's what that's all about, it's in a leadist mentality is what it is.
I don't know, it seems-
I do know, and that's why I'm telling you, that's what it is.
It seems to me that the Republican kind of-
I'm not going to start subsidizing religious schools with my money, no way Jose.
It seems to me that the Republican kind of the way they would do way with the Department of Education.
Well, sir, you're very perceptive, they've already said that, and they've tried their best to do it.
There's a guy that's really on top of it, isn't he?
No, it seems to him.
Woo! I'd rather go back online forward here than to hear that.
Oh listen, this sounds pretty good, I've actually got somebody's on here.
I think I've been trying again.
Is there somebody on this line?
Hey, how's the line going down here?
Hello!
It's ringing.
Hello!
Can we speak to Paul Taglibo, please?
Oh, he's in the middle of breakfast, I'm sorry.
Okay, that was the end of that.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, but at least, like I told you,
would Joe Costello's on his board amazing things happen on this show?
Never fails, you're betting a thousand, even Derek Geter, who's like, yeah, a little bit black and a little bit white and a little bit something else.
I think line 4 just called line 8.
Line 4 just called line 8.
Let's pick up line 8.
Hello, what we're going to have?
They're applying it, which just called line 4.
Did you know what this is?
You heard of line 8, this is line 8.
It's contagious, it's worse than the freaking hours.
Who has thought about these things?
What's happening now?
These are lines that are spontaneously calling each other, and this disease is spreading.
Better call a god damn 4, 6, 7, and 10, tell me, forget about that little kid.
We got line 8 disease here on the radio.
That was special.
That was really special.
It was lovely.
Don't forget speaking a special mad dog, Mandit.
Yeah!
We in for Hank this afternoon between two and six, tell a real story about what Cecil was doing in that bedroom.
Then at six o'clock we got big old, big, big, big, big, big as he used to be.
A monster in the sports, but in this, he'll be here from six to seven, if he'll have breach.
And then like I said, 7 to 10, 13 Panthers at the Carolina Huracun.
And if you want to turn over to YXC at eight o'clock in progress, they pit Panthers at a Miami Huracun.
Just to be kind of novel and unique, and you can hear that whole game on the internet, Hurricane Sports Commons, Entirely.
Hurricane Sports Commons.
And maybe even Ray Lewis will have something to say on here.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
This would be good, man. This is great.
Ask me if I care. Do I care?
No!
No.
I've been here too long to care anymore. They don't care why the hell should I.
Just give me the check, just give me the money.
Get a lot of spots on here, and we're just bumbler away along.
We don't care. We're proud of it. We do not give a crap.
Here's Oakland Park. Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Neil God speaking.
Yes. I'm a friend of Brian's and in sales.
And I just wanted to say thank you very much for the t-shirt and the autographed picture.
Whatever.
And I just wanted to say...
Yeah.
Make a shameless request.
No, shameless request is not saying something.
I wanted to say something. You don't want to say anything.
Well, I wanted to say that Al Gore is a douchebag and...
Yeah.
No, Bradley for present.
Well, Bradley ain't going anywhere. I hate to break the news to you.
No.
Bradley, no.
No.
You'll find that out staring tonight. He's not going anywhere.
Any shameless request?
No.
5, 6, 7, 05.
You already got your autographed picture in your t-shirt and your other Brian sucked around all that.
We're going to give him a request.
No.
Not all requests, too, they've got some very important problems we have to solve before two o'clock.
Or else...
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T line, the out of town line, 877, 785, 63, 45.
I'm still astonished by the guy in four of Myers who had the first becassion to think that maybe the Republicans want to do away with the Department of Education.
I don't even like that, huh?
Wow.
Like that's a big secret.
Like the Republicans want a lot of tax cuts for the rich.
Like that'll be next, man.
See, I would benefit from tax cuts that the Republicans want to put in.
Not that I'm rich, but I do make a very substantial amount of cash.
I would benefit, but do I want them in?
No.
No.
Because sometimes you have to put other interests, other concerns ahead.
I would just your own selfish, monetary self-interest.
Like those so-called log cabin Republicans, which is very exactly the same as Jews for Hitler.
9 minutes after 11 at 560 WQM.
Jim Mandage toss sports.
Oh, a land right here.
On sports radio 560 Q8M.
And beat that Gator meat.
Oh.
Why the hell don't you go home?
Ain't that all I never wanted?
Rumble the crazy Julio.
Go back to Cuba with your pop ball.
Where you can play in the mud.
We'll pack your things and end the lot of.
Just go away, we're all fed up.
Hey, the young Gonzalez.
Why don't you go home?
Hey, the young Gonzalez.
Go home and beat us all alone.
And you only see I don't want to go back.
I like shopping for three toys better.
You've got your Pokemon, T-shirt.
And you're making out here.
You've had your fun.
Now start packing.
So they can get you out of here.
It's at the point where we can stand in.
Everybody's had enough of all the Julio's crackers.
Who put the gun in front of us?
Oh.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, young Gonzalez.
Why don't you go home?
Hey, the young Gonzalez.
Go home and beat us all alone.
And you only see I don't want to go home.
They're giving away three SNH green cards.
Can I have one?
This is called the place of fact you are equally asking.
Here's the main fact from Enrique.
Obviously nothing right in the case.
It's not the basis of several times where your phone lines are always busy.
Yes, sure.
FYI, National Airlines started flying to Vegas on January 21, 2000.
Guess what, Enrique?
I'll be back on the 27th day started flying.
And then he's got the schedule which I already gave on to you several times.
Etc.
And so on.
He says, I know because I work for a company that provides your line of information.
Thank you, Enrique, but we already got the right information which you won't have there.
And we already gave the times out.
And Hank will tell us to the model, hopefully.
We're going to help you back on Thursday.
Why are we going to be back?
He said he was coming back.
He said he went out on Delta and he's coming back on National maybe tomorrow.
Why don't we just come back and let us know just how they are.
5 6 7 0 5 60.
And so anyway, speaking of alien on its interesting now that they put this big fence up out there with or without the construction permit in front of that house.
See, they want to have it both ways.
And of course, the excuse being from Armando, but he has all we never would have gotten all the national publicity.
And a kid wouldn't still be here if it weren't for the fact that all these people were out there every day.
See, they could have had a lot more people at the INSP building, not blocking the streets, but just out there demonstrating lawfully and legally and protesting.
Of course, they didn't have a lot more because nobody else showed up.
It could have done that and gotten just as much publicity and found other ways to do it.
But no, the excuse was, oh, we had to keep those toothless 100 people outside the house because then it kept everybody focused on the house on the issue.
But now that it got slapped on the wrist by the judge and judge who will have told them in the return he cut the crap that Schmott had attorney cut the bull crap.
And now because the kid was crying, didn't want to go to school again yesterday and starting to show the effect of being a basket case in the middle of the three ring circus that they've been putting on.
Now all of a sudden, oh, Armando, good of you.
This is asked immediately to give alien the family some space until February 22nd hearing.
Fred Graham has got another great column in a hero today by the way, alien showed on could get ugly. He says, didn't that exactly what I've been saying could get really ugly, which I'll get into later on.
Nice going again. Fred Graham. There's the one guy who consistently writes good stuff. Nice going there Fred because this town's getting mighty grim.
How's line four doing by the way, just for a little novel here.
Okay, I'll sound a little bit of the picture right there.
Look at that line eight is ringing. I picked up line eight. And guess what? Hello to me. It's line four.
Every look at it. Let's hang up. Let's do this one more time. Everybody watch. Keep your eye on the little thing on your radio there on your dial. Okay, here's line four.
I just picked it up and I have a feeling as you go these ghosts are telling us on the radio that any more of now, I think they start waiting because it's going to be coming to pick up line four.
It's our line eight to pick up line eight. It's making the same sound. How about that? You like it?
Nothing works that time. Damn it. So it's kind of like this. Bantic. All right. You don't just line eight. Me just ring spontaneously every none like it has been less than weeks also. But the good news is or I'm sorry it's the bad news. It was a memo I wasn't supposed to read on the year not for broadcast yesterday from George Corsair or sometimes in junior, which we don't see them very often because he's busy going by the pages.
Blue and Scotch tape.
The memo was well at the system. In fact, how come Greg reading come in here instead of giving me a song and a dance about the FCC and that fine and all of a sudden, the bull crap that nobody cares about, including the local media. How about talking about this phone system that you promised.
I didn't need say in blood. Did you give us a blood oath? Yeah, that's the 14th of February that new phone system would be in here. Is it going to be in here on 14th of February? No.
No, because we were given a memo from tickers to ever to a Duff Lindsey, the chance viewers truly from George Corsair that's as well, they're shipping at some time between the middle and the end of February. So obviously we won't be putting it on for a 14th because we never do anything here on time.
How's that construction project coming out there in the halls and those particle board desk and that direct out there? Is it done yet? No. No. The five year that won a beastly way.
And by the way, all you people out there that this company owes money to that's our message. Okay. We'll pay it when we feel like it.
I'm going to start doing the same thing and see how long I can get away with that like FPL and the phone company car payments insurance.
It's amazing. It's astonishing, but they must have the magic touch. You know, I'm maybe because they walk around looking like they just called out of a sword.
And maybe all their creditors feel sorry for more yet. Oh, Schleppers. Look at them. Look at the way they dress. They can't afford to pay their bills. Let's cut them some slack. Give them a few extra years.
So if you want to contest by the way, power 96, I just hope you're very, very young. See, that's the good thing about that. They say, you know, a young demographic. You want a contest when you're 16. Maybe you'll have to be 50 when you may be collect the prize.
Look at that. Four and eight. Aren't they interesting? Conspicuously looking at here's line eight.
What was it again? I like the way it rings in the back. Maybe eight will ring up for this time.
No, but I do hear a. Oh, geez.
Not good for your nerves. Not good for your IBS. I'll tell you that. I've been feeling pretty damn good. And the pizza yesterday from Godfather's was
sensational. And Joe Castella said the sandwiches they brought so they brought a crap load of food yesterday. It was great.
And did I get myself sick over it? And you notice I didn't I did the smart thing yesterday. I ate one slice. And then I ate like another one, but not just the topping.
And then I ate some of the topping that was like all munged up there in the middle of the box, but not with any crust.
Which is still was too much factor for what I've been going through, but didn't the bottom in the least.
But it's going to be a while, Joe. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, ma'am. Hello, Neil. I'm so happy that I was able to get you.
I will like to tell you that you are super good and exceptional person. I never heard anybody with so much guts and telling the truth.
Right. Like it even my doctor said my balls are the size of an epipodermist. Whatever it is, how big they are, I don't care. Maybe I'll send you one for long.
Well, something else I like to mention to you is that you make me laugh. I'm not a young girl anymore. And you don't know. I'm an old fart just like you.
No, no, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no. No, no
Let us see things.
give it a shot see what happens here. It's already and see just like I don't
know what it is. Maybe it's because I feel so much better and have so much more
energy after those five weeks of being really sick and my kiskeye twisted. But
boy these shows are just flying right by. I don't know even Joe would agree with
that. Of course he likes all that free food that came in and also what else did
you take home yesterday? What about the fortune cookies? The fortune cookies,
the sandwiches. Yeah. We came away with a stack of good stuff here yesterday.
God bless Godfathers. It'll be another round. You know maybe after my vacation
well I think about once a month we'll have them come in here. Sounds real good to me.
It's a great place right by the Hess station there on I 95 not I 95 595
big road extension just south of 595. I say that very well and isn't there a big
boy over there like right just up the road from a kitty corner in the
mind these subs on the other side of the street I believe. But Godfathers is
connected to see some of these people are so slow like he's telling him Hess and
Godfathers all of their locations there together. You go outside and you fill up
your tank with gas and then you go inside and fill up your poop with more gas
and you got a smile on your post you're happy camper. Here's a mobile in the
keys hello. Yeah I just have to make it I don't understand what the big deal is
with this Ray Lewis thing. He had a rough year plan football. Yeah that's right.
He went out and had some fun with his friends. Yeah. Everybody's given him a
hard time. That's right. He was under a lot of stress that's right. What's the big
deal? Give the guy a break man. Let him play the friggin probe all right. Okay great
thanks. Yeah frig you. 5.6. That's where went to school was for you. Uh huh. 5.6.
They owe you a van. That's what they usually call it. Frag you. 5.6.7.0.5.60.
Palm 5.60 on the AT&T wireless line. And by the way Lawrence Phillips is
becoming a dinner by the way sir they want to get your daughter. Well she's not your
daughter. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Last night on PBS there was a
documentary on on Fidel Castro. Oh my god. I'm sure glad I missed that. I was at
the track last night having a great time at Pompadot Park so luckily I missed that.
I completely changed my mind about the Castro and the Cuban people. Why is that? They were
patriots. They beat the hell out of the invaders and the CIA was a culprit that
wanted to get this country into war. You know I have the highest respect for
President Kennedy. Yeah. The fact that he did he didn't take take the bake. Yeah.
And the Cubans got the police. He had better taste and bubbly boy. Well he screwed around at least
to the women. Look good. And the Cuban Julios got their ass kicked in. Yeah. And I saw the films
of them shooting down the planes. Well why don't we ask you why why are you concerned about that?
Now it's 2000. This is stuff that happened 40 years ago. Why do we care about that now?
Well I mean we should be better having documentaries on the Spanish Inquisition
and the Crusades because it's certainly much more timely and appropriate than in terms
of what's going on in the world today. Well that's still going on.
I'm going to hell of a lot more. That's correct. So maybe you're right. Okay. Okay.
Don't do it again. Thank you. Okay. Don't waste your time watching that crap.
Because we don't do we care about that? No. No. We just don't care. It's a little measly
island down there and nobody cares about it. Even the gell told me that this morning.
So nobody really cares. Five, six and of course they were all whipped up and we're friends.
The I say Tommy for President. I have to mention that this morning. We should have been so
proud of Tommy. Lid into Joe Rose this morning in the hallway. I thought they were going
to have a fist fight which wouldn't have come out too good for Tommy. But nevertheless
he lit into him. He said you phony mother scratch in son of a bitch. No good about this
Ray Lewis thing. And about how little dog as usual as the dumb jocks do on the station
trying to minimize it and cover it up and always said a good guy. I didn't believe it.
And the other thing about their kid recruiting up there in Orlando on the recruiting trip
and you know finally the girl and break it and all this other stuff.
And little Tommy there. He lit in him in a hallway. I have never seen such explosive days
since the day. Nice going there Tommy. You got my vote. I'm right now. I'm going to New Hampshire
right after the show. I'm writing your name in for President of the primary tonight.
That was one of the great. I was so proud of Tommy. There was phenomenal. We got at least one
other guy to building got a big set of all. Tell me dumb jock of thing or two. Phony
hypocritical stupid idiotic dumb jock. Too much football without a helmet. That's your
roses problem. Uh huh. All those jet fans. I think you got a point. I always looked
you know with some. Distain and those obnoxious theory or typical jet fans at
calling it morning show. I think they've got a good point. Talk about a thick neck blockhead.
That's him. Excuse makers WQ and the home of the excuse makers. No matter how many murders
are jocks commit. We'll go on a year and we'll defend them. F&A baby.
Here's Miami. Hello. Neil how you doing today. Great. That's good. Two things. Um
I had to cut my off. Oh national airlines. Why am I not there? I'm going to Vegas. March.
Very excited. It's been 10 years. That's a long way off. I thought you were going to tell me that
you just came back on there and it was great. No I'm just all excited. I mean 269 round trip.
How can you beat that? How can you do that? Not with the stand. That was a hot.
There are 757s. There are real planes almost you know. I'm looking forward to it. Very excited.
The parents want out there. Oh you're going to love that place. You're going to love it. It's
an astonishing place. It's breathtaking and it's beautiful. Don't do any gambling in there
because it's brand new and it's like sticking a vacuum cleaner in your wallet. They'll
suck the money out real quick. But you definitely picked the right place to go and see.
Where should I go instead to gamble? Then any of this tab is placed in any place.
Any place. People will tell you not to lie. You'll go downtown and gamble or go to the oldest
tab is places like the woman on the 50th 35 million at the desert in you know Sam's town downtown.
Okay. There are casinos that are good to gamble in and there ones that are glitzy and fancy
and they want you to picture it. All right good enough. I like to gamble. I can't
get a gamble in to be honest with you. It's a little on the older side but I love the
driver. Can I have a good luck in that joint? All right now my second reason I called. Do you
remember last week after the panthers lost that horrendous candidate? I sure do. And the last
caller on the the morning show and you got on the air and you ripped them because he said there was
a it was a talking about goodlings and badlings and bad loss. Right. That was an idiotic call.
Okay. Well that was me. There was nothing good about that loss. No. I wasn't. No. I wasn't.
Unfortunately I got on with less than a minute to go in the show. I didn't get a chance to
explain myself. Yeah. And it was not a lot. I wasn't. It was a damn good loss. Well it was a
damn good day. We came away from that came in. Nothing. Well, don't you think it was good that we
didn't get blown out five to one? Well why should we get blown out? I mean the Devils are
have been hot but for quite a lot. What's wrong with the Panthers? Are they chopped liver?
Oh no. Not a bad record. Well no but what I'm saying you look at the fact that the pan
and I go back to hockey all the way back to the old WHO. Please. Oh no. Please don't do that.
Please. But what I'm what I'm getting at is the panthers had a miserable record against the top
teams. Me. So yeah. And they got out there against the Devils and they did not get their asses
kicked. They played a very good respect and they get their asses kicked. I kicked I expected
them to win that game five to one. That was my. I would have loved to have seen it. I would
there would have been a great guy. I would have loved reason why we can't play with them. What's
the big deal with them? They got some nice young players and Broderon Broderlet and two
greasy goals in that game by the way. So we had no reason to blow that game. He gave us two
gift. They were gift wrapped. You're right. My only reason though for saying that it was a
good loss. I was just looking for something positive to pull out of there. And the only thing
positive is that they were a very Lewis murdered. If it wasn't him it would have been something else.
Now this is true. Okay. I have a great thing. Neil, I'll talk to you when I get back. Don't do it
again. Have a great time. Wait Neil. Yeah. He shoots and scores. Oh God. Is he back on
that Peter North kick again? 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60. Squirt, Squirt on the 18 T. You know,
Peter North is 72 and still looks pretty good. Now you maybe don't look pretty good. I mean,
come on. Get him out of there already. Oh, we can still uh. Squirt, Squirt.
Straight 28 minutes after 11 at 5 60 WQA. I like the wea. One, two, uh, three. I made it through
college and average this. I have a lot of money. I'm not a bunch of a brain. I'm not supposed to use
voters who were justice laying. But I can say one thing that you can. My daddy is an ex-president.
I got money. Power and up into lose. I can do everything I choose. All right. The name of the
head of cash is all I need is to satisfy my ego and my career. An impulative marketing is all I
use. I don't have both for more rhymes just like you. That can school in the fun of the last.
I don't think I laugh that bad. Remember to vote for George Bush and those of you who don't. You
can kiss my touch. You see what matters to me about the presidency. Is that it makes a nice
conversation? I'm the king of denial too. I have no problem. I have to use. So why is it so important
for you to know whether or not I did blow a little bit of cocaine up my nose a little bit of
attitude a little blow when I'm like that I'll put it in the wall back when I put it up the
conscious straight. Yeah one more come on one more. No. It's 1132 at 560 WQM happy Tuesday to
end. God I feel great today you know. Because tomorrow's Wednesday and then after Wednesday is
Thursday and then once we get to the end of the week well don't go in. 5 6 7 0 5. No see that's
reason I keep coming in every day because if I work for a few days then there's another vacation
coming up. All right. Yeah that's what life is all about working a few days and going on vacation
for about a month. 5 6 7 0 5 6 8 where's buddy but tax and what we need them huh. I'm gonna be
frustrated. Yeah how about another seven month paid vacation sounds good to me. I say seven
months is good enough time for them to get a phone system and hear that work. Yeah that should be
enough. So this pay me like an advance or I'll give you a PO box you can send the checks to
and I'll take off and I'll just have months only this time I'll do it right.
Here's Fort Myers again hello. Well yes Neil I would like to thank you for your comment on education.
I can't understand people that would fall for this bovine scatology that these polish
traditions put out about what they're gonna do with our education. Yeah exactly.
Joe I have two kids a grandchildren in school. My wife assists at the school one day a week.
You have to be in there to see what's going on and it's a good education in our public schools
and so the governor to deny money from the school that they deemed this underperforming is just
totally ridiculous. How could any I want to say something to you since you brought this up and
I have a thing and especially since that dark and collected guy called earlier in the show
excuse me of being a racist. The greatest crime in education that goes on in this country.
The most racist the most institutionally racist thing that goes on in this country is allowing
black students to go to school many of them. I don't know what percentage but a very high
unacceptable percentage and not be educated. This is a national shame at a disgrace and unfortunately
because black people have very little power in this society nobody gives a crap. This is unacceptable
to have all these functionally illiterate. We have plenty of white functional literates
but a very high a terrifying percentage of young black people who can't speak properly,
who can't read, who can't write, who get social promotion. This is unething acceptable.
Well in school and educating in my opinion. How can you have a teacher and a principal who says
let me ask you a question. How can you have somebody in a position like that who can't even speak
the language? Well you can't. You just can't. But you see education in this country I put higher
than police and fire protection and military defense. Yeah but you're you now you're the only ones.
Now are you apparently apparently so. It's like our line four and line eight you know they're just
making noises back at each other. That's what we're doing because nobody cares. All they care about
is you know some dumb jock that's making 15 20 million dollar a year for throwing a stupid
ball around. Exactly and while I again thank you very much and glad to know at least one other person
shares my view. We're the ones. Thank you. God bless us. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60. You go to other
countries all over Western Europe and they speak two, three, four, five languages fluently.
And here let me ask you something. Go into some of these supermarkets that I want to mention
which ones. I don't want to mention which one. And they got people working in there and not only are
they functionally illiterate but nobody even bothers to tell them take care of the customer. That's
your job. We're only getting paid 50 cent an hour whatever it is but take care of the customer instead
of standing there talking your crap. Oh does that frost my ass never happens in my public so I'll
tell you that. Nice going there Robert. They know how to train the people to take care of the
customers in a store like that. But you go into some of these marginal supermarkets and they're
talking crap back and forth and about this one's hair and they're sliding the stuff along. You
even know if they're scanning it or not scanning it or scanning it to five times and they
plopped the change in your hand instead of counting it out. I mean they couldn't give a crap
less about you. They're just putting in the goddamn time.
So national disgrace this grace and instead of Jesse Jackson running around worrying about God
damn Ray Rhodes getting fired because he's a black football coach. He ought to be worrying about
this kind of stuff. That's where he ought to be expending all of his energies.
Instead of talking his jivas rhyme crap that he talks he ought to be worried about the important
things like getting blacks educated in America so that they can speak and then we can say goodbye
to affirmative action forever and nobody gets pissed off about it because then you can
compete on an equal footing like it should be instead of just bringing in minority people because
you got a quota to fill because we got to have a little tokenism there to keep Uncle Sam off your
back. So it looks like we're doing something we're throwing a little bit of a little bone
near to the minorities. Yeah we're giving it in the bone all right. Reckon. That's where.
You know exactly what I'm talking about you go into retail places all the time and you hear
people talk and you couldn't if they held a gun to your head in some of them might. If they
held a gun to your head you couldn't tell anybody what they were saying you need an interpreter and
guess what they think they're speaking English. Are they speaking English? No. No way Jose.
I can't even tell you what they be speaking and these people somehow got through the education
system in this horse ball country. I don't get it and I also don't get how to sales department
thinks that they can keep playing fast and loose and bringing me a bunch of year and a half old
copy and thinking it's going to be out that I'm going to believe it's something new that they just
whipped up. You people down there on the second floor rhymes with a whore in the sales department
here at QIM. Just ask Joe Costella he'll tell you he ran out of your tear and his hair out by the
roots getting away from that goddamn job that he had even if it means only making 15 bucks an hour
a year every 10 years he'll put up with it because one thing he won't put up with is that sales
department here at QIM that really believes that they're pulling the wheel over my old foggy eyes.
Well you're not guys give me something new give me something to work with just like Gary Sarner
I see outside this morning but it ate by the and the time that it gave me to do all the excuses he
gave me plus the two hours we've been on this morning he could have written me a nice piece of
copy which I don't want to say what account it is that we had that piece of copy coming yesterday
like two minutes before we're supposed to go on a year with Ray we have no idea what he does
Perry bringing it up from down on the second floor there's another one just counting the days
waiting in the end of the get out of here get that pension going just going through the motions
Ray I have no idea what I do Perry and need to do is anybody else you can't complain about the
competency of the sales department here at QIM ladies and gentlemen because there isn't any
I mean there's some people down there who are nicer than other people or some you know guys
are okay and and there's some assholes too but we don't want to talk about Todd direct today doing
no no
so
tonight on on PC it's physical illnesses are funny everyone knows it's impolite to laugh but it's
just so darn hard not to especially with people like locked off Sally she what the hell was she
doing last night I don't know but find the guy's porting the biggest smile I bet you he could tell us
I heard that and who can resist chocolate at crap bag Paul
I'm gonna hand me you to now anything yeah mr. hip bag full of poo how's the old coloscomy bag
hanging these days anyway oh you guys suck physical illnesses are funny or at least we think so
tonight on on PC hey welcome to Tamarack that's our slogan Tamarack calendale sunrise
suicide it's in the bag 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 and you can smell it on the 18 T wireless line
and the other timeline is 8 7 7 7 8 5 6 3 4 5 and I just I'm awful slow you know I just realized
today is February number one the first of February we made it through a whole a month and why
two can and we saw all still here huh we made it through another month and we're getting closer
and closer to that first of March which will mark 24 years on here for this kid in this market
another anniversary I don't want any of those stupid calls this time George don't be setting up any
of those phonies as sucking soliciting calls please what do I hate that so say if it's so
insinceric fake fake I don't like fake here's Miami hello hello Neil yes sir good morning sir
I don't know if it's more or it sounds like you're already getting a kiss keys in the back not me
yeah I don't know whatever it is I don't care oh listen this is lying seven is starting to get
all screwed up two year lucky pad you got out a good line you know what I first called in
the phones are so screwed up with it when I first called in it was busy busy and then the
little busy single the line went dead then I heard you come up on the delay and listen to it for
about five seconds then it went back to dead and then it started ringing oh right hang up on me
only on QAM man this place is so inept that it should be a national scandal oh Neil God so anyways
oh it's called I was talking about oh wait one minute eight that stock no I'm sorry five period sorry
last last week you had no e-day what day was that no what no e-day for no e-day on whatever it's
Friday that was Friday and he can't we get that like for the rest of the year I yeah they tried
yesterday to talk about well I wanted two things I want to mention but I'm not going to go
indulge in these conversations again because we're trying to get away from it we want to get
one out I understand we want away from this crap I have two things on the touch on first I want
to know if I can get a shameless request maybe the cat in the kettle okay okay and uh in
that's what I was talking about take your easy on date because it can't be myself
you know I think he's lost it he says we got a shot or something like that
how is Jimmy doing maybe that is in Jimmy on to you know off the rafor to take care of
some of his old boys what do you think uh-huh some of his old buddies coming at old her
cool and crowd that he's in so tight with he was in the limo with Randless oh that's bad that's
very bad jokas tello said that by the way I'd nothing to do with that how's line four coming I bet
you they're working on that right now huh I bet you they're fit uh-oh now it does sound a little bit
I mean it just the buzzes on there but we don't have that loud candle like that that much I like
it better with like that one time when we hit it we just howling and screaming and puke and
woo like that you know it's great kind of like the sounds that those guys make it the ball games
you know look at sports the bulls how's that we got yeah now this is that's kind of boring send
that over to the uh to a queer channel let's kind of scrap they put on your boring five six seven
oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T line eight seven seven eight five sixty three forty five
give it a shot you never know what you're gonna come up with in your dialies lines you know it might
be one of the one of those might be that might be one of these yeah you never know oh I like
that I do like that a lot that's my all-time favorite we've had some loud howling lines but I
think that one and it's very peak I was starting to get like a tingle in my back don't
into that here's homestead hello hey nails good morning yes sir I add this to your list of
bitches about the telephone the pound five sixty hasn't been working all morning down here in
homestead either really yeah I tried to drive and drive couldn't get through I just kept on getting
recording what I go through I don't want to sound like a down to the prima donna here but the fact
is every day I come in here I'm supposed to be doing the talk show and every day this phone has
gotten more and more nightmares and and Greg Reed's responses oh well we got one system on order
here it is February 1st 2000 February the first we've been in the studio almost a year and now they're
getting around to a replacing the system that we knew from the first week was no good oh well
can you expect management right oh these people are the absolute worst man when it comes to win
if you look up the word incompetent in the dictionary you'll see Greg Reed and all the bees leave
their pulses right next to the word yeah with my bosses so let's nail I ate the volume with this
I get my ice cream from the lights it would melt by the time I get it back to homestead is there
any place down like in West Kendall or the color of your get hacking stuff oh get that can stuff I
don't know I know that there's another place with the same name which is that is it was it the
lights or was the other place called on or in Kendall out on West Kendall George would have known
delightful yeah I know I would maybe maybe said delightful big reads on West Kendall uh way like
137th in West Kendall dry oh it's not a it's not affiliated with our place but they do make some stuff
in fact some of the stuff that they make down there they do sell up there in our delight in
vocal so that might be a place where to check out it's called I think delightful bakery oh wonderful
okay thank you for your time okay I'm going great thanks let's see I got to look up cat in the
kettle here so we've got to take care of that guy to call before that was absolutely losing it let's
see disc number 20 a cut 48 just keep that in mind this number 20 yeah cut for it see I think
from now on we're going to take a lot more leisurely on this show you know time will go by a lot faster
that way I mean why do we have to be worrying about oh look at this look at this here's that
thing he had about two gods what no no I just picked that up by mistake all I wanted was just
this thing my two front teeth five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18t line
we're here to serve you that's what we're here today nobody believe that no we're here to get the
guy named spots on that's what we're here for to get the spots on baby so screw and can go down
here and keep hiring more of these are x jocks because she likes something that rhymes with jocks five
six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18t line what's that out of timeline I'm glad you
asked eight acts eight seven so and you notice nobody ever responds to that and you want to know why
because most of you white people you're very content to have the black the dark folks are
uneducated you're very happy aren't you you love it that's so that John Rocker can keep going
around and making those comments and a lot of people say oh yeah he got a point there you know he
got a point he'd be having a point right there in the top of his head I'm embarrassed humiliated and
degraded when I see so many young black people who can't speak a lick even a teeny tiny little bit
of English here's bargate hello no yes sir yes on Sunday morning on CBS Sunday morning or
or equivalent CNN they had a piece on the that in the priesthood the hiv is very
very high about that a length yesterday you're way behind a present like in still got a bad headache
okay these those of you people out there you must listen to the show every day from 10 am to 2 p.m
I don't want to go back and talk about stuff we talked about yesterday in addition to which I
told you that long time ago did not about the bags in the goddamn church I love it these oh
guess what we just discovered you know Ben and Jerry's come out with a new flavor it's called fish
food wow better check that out four times the rate of the general population the hiv infection in
the priest at least that we know about not to mention of course all that we never hear a no
about and then of course we also found out that article yesterday that they lie about the
occupation and about the nature of the disease and do the best they can to sweep it out of the carpet
and then I have to laugh they had some jackass on her yesterday on the news last night
from the church another one of their henchmen saying well you know maybe this is a good thing
because now the church can you know we we can enlighten people more about hiv and talk about it
more freely I thought they were supposed to be celibate not a bunch of guy that perverted
hypocrite pedophiles is what was supposed to be all about celibacy or as Bulk of Brian says
celibacy is not what it's supposed to be about even though of course that that's the sickest
concept anybody could ever hear of the very notion that sex must be dirty and evil and if
you're celibate therefore you must be better isn't that right yeah because sex is dirty they so
dirty but do it a lot if you make a lot of babies because we like that it's dirty unless you're
making babies for the catalytic church the Pope likes that a lot and he also likes to watch
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line and the out of town line man 8 7 7 8 5 63 45
you show me a man in a dress and I'll guarantee you you run like hell
here's a mobile and sunrise hello hello yes sir hey no I'm a black guy I just moved here about a
year ago I'm so sorry where did you come from New Orleans oh well like I said welcome to a better
place yeah exactly that's it that is I mean you talk about stupid the average IQ the average IQ
in New Orleans the in fact when you say hello to somebody they go like that every time gotter
they dumb yeah it is pretty dumb but the thing is as a black person in New Orleans the reason why I
can give you my view the reason why there are so many black people that are uneducated is because
their parents are their friends are and if you try to be any different you're considered white
so you're not cool if you actually go to school and pay attention isn't that pathetic isn't that
tragic it's horrible and I mean there's no value there's no moral I mean as not a fact I
went to church one day and I had gave a speech and in my speech it was teaching kids on how to
grow up and you know I have a moral yeah but I was like who cares what people think of you as long
as it's not you know negative or bringing you down and if it is don't worry about those people
because those aren't your friends anyway and the question of what people think of you it's
a question of functioning and succeeding in a competitive society you can't you can't succeed if
you're illiterate no you can't there's no what's what's the benefit there is no benefit sounds
like an excuse to me for a bunch of people being lazy and shifless in the stupid is what it sounds
like exactly well that's unacceptable well that's all material I have I just want to give you
that insight from back and don't unpack too soon because believe me they're saying no great shakes
either have a great time I came here from New Orleans where they say how's value oh man
I for the life of me I have no idea anybody wants to go there and look set the bunch of professional
drunks for drunks that's all you can go to key words if you want to get drunk it's a lot closer
all that's kind of a hairy ride down there they tell me but I mean what's the point have you ever
why is that because it's one of the who told you that several friends of mine who's been there
sore toilet septic tank those are the terms that come to mind when I think of New Orleans great jazz
now you ended jazz it's okay but is that like a big thing in your life I wouldn't try it down the block
no and drunk you can get like you down the block anywhere you're right in a building you can do that
so what's the point what is there to go there for tna no no because everybody's like passed out
on the street on bourbon street from too much bourbon cradads yeah cradads there you go and the
the essence of emerald emerald whatever his name is emerald you can smell it oh he's everywhere
there's another one and and the real chef's by the way the great chefs hate him like poison because
they say his recipes are bogus and he couldn't cook his way out of a paper sack emerald aghasi emerald
you don't know emerald aghasi the essence of emerald on the food network the food channel he's
everywhere he's got eight million restaurants in Vegas and all over the world you don't know the
essence of emerald I know Justin Wilson the cook in cation oh my god you don't know emerald aghasi
what what kind of life do you live what kind of shelter there's more to life than Derek Jeter okay
I can't I cannot believe that could knock me over with a feather duster speaking of great
restaurants by the way before we before we do this spot before I do it I just want to mention
about Gary Sarner he's an asshole he is the biggest excuse maker the biggest puddle hacker the
biggest derelict the biggest phony I mean he had two hours two and a fact it was 830 I saw in
this one he had three and a half hours to put together a really constructive meaningful great
message for me here to show that he really cared about what he's doing but of course why should he
be different from the rest of our sales department right yeah Gary Sarner he's an asshole make no
mistake about it and by the way you want that computer Gary oh I'm sorry I gave it away already
one moment please
all right
the fat time is let the food they scrape so you don't complain but that's not chicken in your chicken
chow mein seems to me I hold a sweet and sour pork but Garfield's on my phone it's
perring here on my phone there's a cat in the kettle and the seeking move the place that I
every day it moves like you can and you'll never know once they're out there I've been no voice
they tried real crisps in the old
chow mein asked if I wanted more as he was dying up his body at the old pet store said not today I
lost my appetite as Duke had been my belly and they wanted to play I was sucking on a roll
it and the tongues are too when I swear I've heard it me and that is where I knew
there's a cat in the kettle there's a teaching move think I got a stop feeding there it moves
they say that it's deep for fish or pork but it's perring there on my fork there's a
hairball on my fork
all right it's a minute past 12 note at 5.60 w Q a m come on wait till the marmorning and
that little Joe Rose little day a little pussy he'll be on again tomorrow morning defending
the defense list talking about what a great guy that the real Ray Lewis is and Cecil all he
wanted to do was take a little peek maybe maybe you want to get inside to take a little leak maybe
that's what Hank was saying little leak I thought he said peak yeah maybe he had to go of course
when you're outside 5.30 tomorrow you don't want to pee outside do you know because then you'll
be like Billy Carter and look at what happened to him 5.670560 we got some open lines here but I'm
not going to get too excited about it for obvious reasons because some of them they work and some
of them they don't and some it's just as well and the other timeline is open 8777 856345
here's Miami hello hello yes sir I agree with you about the education part of what's up black people
but do you really believe that we need to get rid of some of the action yes you really do yes I do
I mean you know you're just a banana carry public and you have all these yeah people who want to
speak English get in jobs yeah so what's our plan what's our plan for your level what is it
the weather plan for you know what do you mean level playing field see to me a level playing field means
that if you're qualified for a job you're going to get hired that's what it means to me level playing
field and you actually think they're responsible even if I'm smiling of education it's all about
education no racism I have to do with it nothing yeah I don't understand what you're saying it's
possible if you don't have an educational why is it that so many people don't have an education
I'm careful they are the education if you don't have an education why should you get the job
in a first place just because you're black or Hispanic or whatever you're a woman that's the way
it is I you know is my race is really kind of these lawsuits that's why they have all these
lawsuits yeah that you ask me my opinion that's my opinion whoever's qualified to do the job they
should get it period that's that's what I believe I keep up with the job okay I understand what he's
saying but I mean it has to come a time sooner or later and then if you're not going to take advantage
of education or if you're not going to scream and yell instead of screaming about OJ instead of
screaming about the amuracist in the Jesse's screaming about a bunch of punks up there in
Decaturilla, Illinois who started to ride at a high school up there take care of the important
things take care of making sure that everybody is getting an education and by the way those kids
now are getting an education at an alternative school without disrupting everybody else
that's the important thing not being milleted walking around with a guy named chip on one
shoulder when a guy named boombox on the other one and that stupid guy named rap music which contributes
to a literacy of white and black kids something fierce and believe me on the last person to start
being a funny buddy about music and the outside you right now today they let Elvis swivel his hips
on the air that was the end of America right there uh-huh that's right anybody believe that no
now it sounds good though that's what Ed Solomon said I bet you that Joe Castello don't even
remember the Ed Solomon show five sick not only hasn't he been in the whirlwinds or Boston I mean how
could how could an Italian kid like you never be in Boston with little Italy would one of the
cities in America I'm trying I mean New York goes without saying because I got all the
ethnic things but of all the huh New York where I think in New York I'm kidding no I said Boston I
said New York has got great Italian food because New York is so big and it got great whatever you
want but I'm saying of all the other cities outside of New York I would say Boston has got to I
mean the whole North end is all Italian restaurants it's great for while I mean dig I mean the Italians
greed are greeders I want to go and plus it's a great city and there's a living and breathing people
there too there's all the colleges and universities and they believe little schools and art de
farti whatever and MIT and whatever it's all they're dying to go Quincy a market some of the best
food you'll ever pop in your purse what a great play it's that is great food Boston has got great
food I'm on the line with my travel agency so if you know but seriously I would say it's about
the same distance it's about the 1,200 miles I don't know what it is to New Orleans but it can't
be much less about the same same distance so why would you want to go to New Orleans when you can
go to Boston the same amount of uh uh travel time and go to a place that's like more sophisticated
we're living and breathing people more your kind of people real people not a bunch of dumb
mugwomps like those idiots in New Orleans I'd rather go to Chicago the dumbest people I ever seen
be the people in New Orleans actually you've never been in Chicago oh oh I'm going home I just
give up would you rather let me tell you where I have this man just celebrated his 27th birthday
he has never been in Boston New Orleans which you're not missing nothing Chicago how about Detroit
you know I'm missing anything there he's been to Detroit well like I said you make it
with choices just oh that's right you were there bad choice and you survived and he came back
from Detroit alive there I was right which means you didn't go on 12th Street I'm assuming where did
you go in Detroit I just drove through on my way to Gross Fast that's good right to Gwore's Port
where all the safe white people are that's good drove by the stadiums though where both white people
are in Detroit in a gross point five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty oh you were in
Pontiac you drove by the Silver Dome was there too isn't that I see how smart those people in Detroit
are they put the stadium about the 700 miles north of the city there just to make sure that they're safe
I'm going to go to the stadiums the new and old yeah the old one the old one is great you never
were in the old tiger stadium for baseball game no just drove by close up where you're like sitting
so close to the field you could practically reach out and say hey Danny McLean you're an asshole
you know you're just great it looked fantastic and by the way since we're talking about scumbag
jocks for all you sparkes I think that I'm a racist I just pick on dark folks how about Danny McLean
there's a guy he had it all how many times did this guy get a reprieve god damn freaking Danny
McLean 50 million times and he come on he still ripped off that god damn you and he's back in a slam
or again here is a man who had a larceny in his heart and in his parts then he freaking McLean
and I'll never forget that year was it 60 70 or that he won 30 for the Tigers and Mickey
Lowell's had a great series of one three games in the series god those are the days that of course
is right before the riots was it before the riots or are you off and then once they had the
riots in Detroit that was the end you see I hate to break the news to you and I've said this
before but when dark folks burn down their own neighborhood it's jammer enough a very good idea
here's a sunrise hello sunrise and I know this line has got to be working I know that somebody
maybe they expired in sunrise do you think oh there you go they're playing their playing
arm material back to us again and a very far in the distance thank you so much but I got a
better quality discount here okay five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18
and he wireless line oh this is someplace special day I thought that was WI he was someplace
special for crap well they're not on the year basically anymore anyway they got some bunch of
news crap on there now so maybe we can be someplace special although they got Dr. Laura on there
there's some case special ed bitch that man hating homophobic bitch and this broad is getting paid
she's on eight million radio stations a stupid obnoxious bitch hated by mostly tested by anybody
with a brain and she's making a fortune and she's on all over the goddamn country and I'm sitting
here with a god damn with a talent of god and I'm sitting here in Miami and this horse and buggy town
on a make-believe radio station one by a bunch of morons man yeah but I'll take the money like I said
I was lying forward to him better check in on every night and see all that time pretty good to be
listen to that it's taking a big time now it's going in here oh oh wait I'm sorry what was she
saying there if you'd like to make your call I know and I value your operator
if you'd like to make a call I think I have to try again
nine minutes after noon at 560 WQAM I guess you can
once there was this need to go stick his hand under his arm makes it cut the thousand day
stick his tongue out then he turn his eyes inside out
he drank a glass of milk from a straw stuck up
one
your wasrahed
and through this
and
here
oh
15-56-5
and I'm going to go for the night tour
and I'm going to go for the fifth row of basketball game
and the hurt cones in the uh...
panthers
seriously this probably is the first time in history this has ever happened
I mean we can't distinguish ourselves in any other way can we?
no
how come the overhead just to kind of like die or something?
so I don't punch you with it but it just strange
but I know I did was go out and take a little leak and then come back in the levels are all screwed up in here
but I don't really care do I care?
no
no. my philosophy is I'll do the best I can
it's all I can do
can't make these people in real broadcasters can I?
no. do the best I can
anyway the first time in history it's a two-panther hurricane sports events
could never have happened before could it?
no. no.
Florida panthers at the Carolina Heracun hockey
seven o'clock per game sale game time seven thirty here on QM560
and eight o'clock we joined in progress
because they probably got some other sold piece of crap programming on that station at 790 Waxi
8 PM Miami Heracun
pit panther basketball
which that game can also be heard in its entirety as you just heard from Tommy in the very distorted spot
but we love you Tommy on the internet at hurricane sports.com
that Tommy boy I wish the audience could I wish we had a tape recording of that
it was sensational because you know Robert Grieper was wandering around probably stealing stuff from him
here again which he takes a lot of our cards
but he was head the door open because we weren't sure if George was coming in which you were just still sick
and so he says to me do you want to do it open or close?
I said I can leave whatever turns you on him
yeah and he walked away the door was opened
that outer door it into the hallway so I could hear like all the stuff the scuttle but you know
with the worst team producers and then Joe Rose could see one thing I don't understand about that
you maybe you can explain it to me I mean like just now I went out to take a leak or if I have to get up
and get it something out of the refrigerator or whatever
I get up a couple of times during a show but I'm doing a radio show
those guys and I realize they have much longer breaks
but they get up and they just wander away and then people
oh two minutes two minutes show two minutes D-fo
get gilded get off the crap for 30 seconds
what is that?
they're busy slapping each other with towels
oh that's what that's all about huh?
I wonder why Joe came and dressed like that every day
here's a mobile or West Palm Beach hello
hey Neil yes sir what's going on good looking
I was just saying Joe Rose is a panic you know
I like the wee wee
that's who I wanted to talk about that's funny
that's a long kid man
oh my god it is the a long kid
he did a morning he was saying that he doesn't believe
defending Ray Lewis
well now he said he doesn't believe that many cases of rape
that are committed by athletes go unreported
oh of course like a lot of them
like we know that all women in the K-Rapes
immediately call a police and tell all the friends
and put it on the table
yeah we even knew about Cecil the Diesel's problems
all these like they were all reported
and it's interesting how the Adolfan organization
covered up the other incidents that he had
it is complex where he lived the ones that happened
in the summertime before we decided to go in
and take a look in his broad house at 5.30
morning if he pulled off the screen from the window
and broke in the window isn't that interesting
that they had those all the other things
and there's something else I've been wanting to talk to you about
not that it was happening to have anybody's DUI
covered up on that organization either but I'll go
over that later yes
Hank Goldberg said right after that Cecil Collins
broke out in news he came out with his own little story
did you ever hear that?
of course I did and I've been ripping him ever since
and it was absolutely unacceptable
and then when finally Cecil made his confession
and when I ripped Hank again on the ear that morning
forth he came on an attack that afternoon
and kind of mumbled a few things under his breath
well he said he was just trying to take a look
and it's all over as opposed to saying
I was wrong and these guys
they always spread rumors about the woman she's always
the one that's tried to be made to be the loose
and obnoxious and the a perpetrator
and it was all about your lies and they interviewed all the
Dauphin players and I understand through rumors
by the way I want to mention Paul Castro
and I want to say that he's a very
nice person over Mr. Ripoff artist
I understand he's still defending
and making up stories about this woman and saying
she was banging all the players on the team
and all of a sudden a bullcrap which is
pantely untrue
probably to save his own safe
come back defending other scumbags
here I find a very reprehensible and unacceptable
and I'm not acceptable and I think Hank knows better
that was from
and that's the great thing
God bless us
okay you're out over and out
he's out
877-785
look at this it's 20 past noon already it's like
falling off a log doing the show anymore you know
and if we had a phone system I'd work with that
it wouldn't be nearly as much fun because then we couldn't do
I'd like this
oh I love it
I think this is becoming an integral part of the show
I can raise our numbers by at least a half a point
oh I love it
put that one on with this one
you know how they do the stories on TV news only on 7 only on 10 only on QA
and when you hear these sounds boys and girls
and once you just heard two yeah that's right we got it all over that
queer channel man so what was Peter Leiter talking about this morning we so say goodbye to me
across my fingers my legs is he leaving us too
because he didn't come in here and do his usual phony baloney suck up routine
I mean he's he is what he is you know
because that sales the bad revolving door is spinning like a draital down there
at least this sales department to talk about a turnover
I did see guys with nice white coats entering the building when I came
good excellent and also we got the pharmaceutical reps have come in to try to
try to con Peter down a little bit they're going to have any success at all
no yeah I saw the riddle in truck back up to the door and downstairs
they're going to take him out of here and I got them straight jacket Peter Leiter
four Peter Peter pumpkin leader
and I understand before I came here it was like kind of a normal guy is that true
no I don't know maybe just go through the territory being a sales hole
maybe sales people have to be a little bit on a little bit of a little
way you side John penis wasn't a bad guy though I always like penis
and he's gone I was not interested in the only lines that aren't li-
we were not paying the fair attention one day
oh I like that that's better
so let's go right to the knees of the mat
48 48 who do we appreciate
here's Miami hello well a meal yes sir
I am E3 and sports three
all right I got a blast from the past for you
yes are you sitting I'm sitting down firmly I'm squeezing it
you let my head go bird you know you put both out
hey stupid excellent I got that in here way man maybe you can do it in stereo
where the hell is that
oh yeah
no solamente is hang goldberg
it's not just hang goldberg it's a hippopotamus
you let pass all my hang goldberg you know you put them
is that you that's me all right excellent you know all that is
how old is that I see about at least seven years that's from WI
D from the old days exactly back when we worked with almost some real broadcasts
almost definitely anyway I'm back in town I'm listening again and I'm having a good time
and we're still all screwed up have a great day pal thank you God bless you there's the there's the guy that said
the years ago that by so my hand gold great you know I need to put down
that was funny
yes 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18t world was flying mad dog mandates today
yeah between two and six you better watch it man it's got you don't pull any of wool over his eyes
you won't hear you manage on your making up excuses for
outrageous murdering scumbag jox you won't hear him cover up for oh Jay will you no no way oh Jay that's what the mad dog says
and thanks again mad dog for my lovely autograph naked picture of Tommy Brady from the University of Michigan
well that's your turn me around that Tommy Brady so to speak
but not in the way you think what was that little blurb that you got before was that like a piece of copy thing
was that was something for my attention before you got a little memo there from our own was that
it's just a tag you're going to put on the brandy spot starting to two oh start I have to wear my
tutu when I do the brandy spot I don't think no my friends of brandy's love me I already don't have to be
we're no tutu today is February the first I'll be god damn time is moving right along and at home of
course I'm like the people on death row you know or the people waiting to get I guess the people
on death row aren't doing it but the people in prison for a long time they're counting down the days
you know with the chalk thing on a wall I'm doing the same thing at home right there on the wall
and the huge picture of who's that Julio singer that I got that big thing of on a wall
Joey uh no it's not Luis Miguel it's Jerry Rivera
well I'm sure it doesn't look that good anymore one of my good some of my buddies from our
the Spanish language news and stations many years ago came in this huge huge photo of a glossy
thing of Jerry Rivera and it's on a wall in my house not because it looks all that great just
takes up some good room plus when people walk in they say oh look at that bag it yeah oh yeah
plus I got the 2000 calendar with those twins up on a wall two right next to it which I got
news for a Jerry Rivera don't look that good I don't think anybody looks quite that good do you know
even Joe Castelo admit those twins look pretty good even you would admit that
what on this calendar back here you've never seen this calendar
oh yeah you don't worry about this in here because this is QA and we don't care this is good
now I feel so much better than I think my IBS is what did it today I don't care dead air a little
bit who cares this is the uh uh intrigue this was light no this is 98 calendar we find I got the
2000 one I got tired of having all the wrong months not matching the arena but these are like
identical twins who are probably are like whatever they are very close buddies I guess you might
say so I'm black and white I beg your pardon that's okay real archie fart that's okay and you
would admit that those are two very fine looking young men stereotypically attractive well when
what does that mean stereotypically attractive see stereotypically need like that and see that
now that's kind of cute what does that grow your brother there's nothing they are they're
identical twins you're asking me if their brothers are identical twins in their hands are
crossing each other well it's it's just a calendar it's a for fag it's like me it's a calendar I
don't know that these guys are fags are though but I who are you going to leave a fantasize huh
holding a teddy bear but you know about identical twins don't you I mean it's bad enough you never
been in Boston or Chicago but you certainly must know about identical twins my twin was killed at first
you had an identical twin no just a regular twin neither well what did I know about twins what
why I know from twins in other words you're the baby Elvis I met one your hair twin died entire life
you know they were Korean stick to your auto racing joy he's a good guy but he knows he
know he's very limited like most people in South Florida limited the repertoire you know swing clubs
you like George you know George's got swing clubs Cubans and religion and you got swing clubs
auto racing and auto racing and swing clubs and he Yankees and that's about it and I got this
counter and you don't and I want it and you don't so there you go yeah jeanine would be very upset
if she saw you bring that home 26 past no if I wish you might take a look at it be very
interesting say holy crap Jim Manditz talks about right here on
oh frosty nads I love sports I eat sports drink sports uh
sleep on sports and I listen to sports three or all the time because they give me the inside cake
on what's going on with teens and stuff and now we got the super bowl cover up and I'm really
getting hyped up with all this media stuff to do it and like I like to follow along because I
like to see what's what's happening and we're gonna do like uh uh go like to my friend's house
who has a 60 inch screen and we're gonna drink like beer and then we're gonna be dipped you know
and I'm gonna take off my shirt right there in the game like you see people do do it like a
super bowl and I'm gonna make my arms go like this and go and then I'm gonna do that y'all you know
you know that that's that meaningless Yale and you know sports is really all about my life
because I love talking about sports talking about sports with my buddies and stuff you know because
you know some of them they got wives and girlfriends stuff and I have a lot of chance to have
oh sure when I'm with my buddies I talk about getting laid oh sure sure sure sure I had one of those
I had that lay but but the mainly sports is what I know that's right I talk about sports all the time
and then I go home because I got really my efficiency is a hot plate and then I sit in bed and
drop cracker crumbs in my underwear and that's all my life pretty much consists of I'm sat at sports
it was a boy side after all I got my life
pathetic pathetic
okay 1231 at 560 W2M so speaking of Christina Aguilera which we were yesterday the word finally
came to mind I was driving home and it suddenly struck me what the word was to describe her in
one word which I despise in the the word is mousey she's mousey looking
besides the fact that she's short and trippy and weighs about a hundred pounds about 80 pounds
about 40 pounds mousey she was in the Mickey Mouse Club there you go now we understand why she
was in the Mickey Mouse Club because she's mousey looking like Christina baby she's a skank
and can't sing for a Schmidt 5 6 7 0 5 60 5 60 on the AT&T line
yeah in fact I understand when she there are her audition the name of the guy that she auditioned
for from the record company was Ed Schmidt and she said oh I can't sing for Schmidt
and they said that's obvious here's the mobile and Fort Lauderdale huh hey Neil how you doing
pretty good sir listen but out of town I'm a little bit and I'm not your master man you missed it
I just want to know how a nun at Barry University can afford that house yeah one that they
asked me to get he was very frugal I mean you know none's don't go on a lot yeah sure
no she was good wasn't that ambitious buddy in fact maybe she knows the fruity gourmet it's possible
speaking of frugal I think she was one of ambitious buddy might have been I just did know what she
had the finger on the pulse of channel 10 news in those days on that finger all right thank you
I didn't know when that that was discussed tonight okay it's good that we've chewed it up and
spit it out we're still gagging on it have a great day pal thank you okay well we're good
you're taking it right now here we go stop let's see how line four is living up to its
billing here come on let's let's not that ain't so good yeah give us a little shot there
you know you see if I'm in management here I mean bluff of course there's nothing you can do
I mean he's just a lemon in there you know just take the check and try to keep a low profile
and make up his dumb schedule but of course being in management there's the one pony show it's
only Greg Reed and if I was him and I had a brain I'd be really embarrassed you know it of course
he doesn't have a brain so he can't be embarrassed there's an old saying that fits this place perfectly
where there's no sense there's no feeling well if there were ever a line I mean I heard that
as in years ago but if ever there were a place that that fits right to a tee this is the place
where there's no sense there's no feeling here's the Fort Waterdale hello
yeah yes sir is this yes it is yes it sounds like me I'd like to talk about the caller yesterday
they called Hank show if I made address a caller called Hank show what do you be calling me about
that not because you can relay the message now I don't relay messages call up Hank I don't
not a relay man okay we don't relay faxes we don't relay messages if you want to discuss something
that happened on Hank show have the cohorts to call up Hank and do it with him yeah what do you
what kind of crap is that I have no patience for that crap you wanted to bait something that
took place on somebody else's show why in God's name why in God's name would you call a me in
the circuit and also because you know that maybe you'll get me to agree or you'll do it out of
context or whatever I don't play that game sir five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on
the AT&T line tool free line for the entire universe sport Myers Palm Beach Boston Chicago New Orleans
Niagara Falls all the places that Joe's never been to eight seven seven seven eight five sixty three
forty five now see you never haven't been to New Orleans and Niagara Falls you're not missing
anything Niagara Falls is just a tourist trap very very overpriced especially Niagara Falls Ontario
and what once you see the water pishing you can go to the lodge you and Vegas and see water
pishing you know at least have a good time but Niagara Falls is strictly not the place to go
all the way they do have a casino there now anybody in this audience been to the casino and
Niagara Falls let's hear about it never never don't on me there may be one good reason to go there
although I done it very very high price tourist trap the worst almost as bad as funnza but without
the beauty of forance Italy that's a beautiful place but what a tourist trap don't buy any jewelry on
that damn video what else is in there place that the ponta vequeo yeah you've been there having
your forance Italy no you know if you've never been to Italy no at least for hot shots not
you know up and coming radio I saw plenty of shleppers in Italy there weren't hot shots the people
that I saw there plenty of very marginal shleppers and I saw plenty of tourists they're back packing
and stuff like that back packing what's wrong with that I don't back pack oh excuse me you don't
back pack in other words you don't want to go there badly enough that you would bring yourself
down to that level you wouldn't resort you wouldn't lower your standards to go there like a
shlepper you have to go there like first class like maybe an allotalia like next to the Pope that
sound okay I plan on living a long time see okay yeah but you know something with all the respect
I hope you lived 150 but people will say those things you know what happens they walk outside oh
there's a big Mac trucking you you hear all the opportunities that you had that you were waiting for
it won't matter at that point because I'll be dead excellent point here's Pember Pine tell
us I knew how you doing okay with the NFL like it's really getting up that bad one if you're not
dead what if you're like an avid stable then a chair for the rest of your life with a bag and
you're sitting there going little little like this and you're thinking to yourself oh gee I
wasted a lot of time I could have been in Italy in Rome but anyway I'm sorry yeah it's okay it's okay
good point the NFL is really giving God a bad wrap today yeah don't you love that line from
Ray Lewis it's the devil it's the devil is the devil is busy always after God's children he's
always trying to get you one way or another so basically what he's saying is the devil on it
he's a devil he's trying to know he said the devil done it okay well I thought maybe he was the
devil done it if somebody cuts my cheese and the dog done it that's a way to do it
maybe some of your God people out there can answer this of course he's not too many dogs on the
elevators but anyway me being an atheist most of my adult life and ever you sir ever committing
a crime as a juvenile or as an adult wouldn't you think the devil would really be after me I mean
I don't kind of get that one he only goes after God's children he doesn't care about you Godless
atheist like you and I so he doesn't oh yeah you and us okay so I don't have to worry about the
devil not at all he doesn't he don't give two oh she meant to go oh great I was starting to worry
about that all right thanks man have a great day all right bye and God bless you let's pray for that guy
okay for Godless atheist five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 T line we're
rolling along singing the song here on a great Tuesday it's almost an e-free Tuesday let me
highly recommend I'm not gonna read it on the year I don't want to go through again but Fred
Grimm says it right and you know in anticipation if alien goes back we don't want any more crap
in his town we don't want any more threats we don't want any more no full crap any types of
the erotic air no cut the crap nice go on Fred Grimm I say Fred Grimm Tommy for president Fred
Grimm for vice president and Tom jikker for secretary of something by the way time you know
about that FCC final he never got that story no that's okay just pay it just pay it okay just
pay the damn thing and let's move on with life comes in here mr. mr. hot shot mr. broadcast
or scratching his head well I said this and he's searching through the thing go search someplace else
okay go get a search party Greg maybe you can find a brain somewhere how do I do it
god she got 21 before 1 is 560 wqm
we got with the first piece your road to Jeff the forest and he goes to go
deep mornings and six only on sports radio climb 60 Q a l this is your ball and the voice of the Toronto
may believe they don't come any better than Neil roger
oh
we'll choose a million air wind runs for the president like you party the same time I do
things
watch see
Oh, right.
If you look, push it down, just click it anyway.
Here's the goal.
Here's cowboy.
George, cowboy, you push, what is it that?
Here's the goal.
Here's cowboy.
Watch T-W-B-C-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S.
Oh, right.
1245 at 5.62 m, we got the med.
I'll come up to it once with a bit and up at 2 o'clock.
So I'm just taking here during the break.
The same country that gave you George Washington, Thomas Jefferson, Abraham Lincoln, Woodrow Wilson, Franklin Roosevelt, John F. Kennedy, now offers for your amusement and per-result.
Donald Trump, George W. Bush, Al Gore, Bill Bradley, the only half of power.
Alan Keith.
John McCain.
Yeah.
Wow.
You see what I mean about education in this country?
Uh-huh.
Downhill.
Wow.
Start it when we brought in that burned over washed out war hero.
Ike.
Yeah.
See, actually the juice thought he was one of theirs.
That's why he won the elections.
They thought the solar was I like Kike.
See, and you got a puzzle look on your face because you have no idea what I'm talking about.
You don't know Dwight Eisenhower.
Don't remember general Eisenhower.
Like the Eisenhower.
I know.
Very good.
I like Kike.
5.670560, Pant.
Why is he the reason?
What reason for what?
Because he was illiterate.
He had a lot of interest.
He was like borderline illiterate.
He was a fine general.
I guess he never saw a freight train.
He never messed around too much with the guys.
But he was a borderline.
He was a dummy and he ran against Adelaide Stevenson and egghead, a brilliant man.
A man who could speak, who could articulate, who was a scholar.
A man who could be respected.
And Eisenhower was like, wouldn't we live like that?
Dumb.
Not as dumb as zero four, but then again, who is?
In fact, you know, Gerald, they used to make sure that he spit out his gun before he went into the crapper's zero four because he couldn't submit and two gunmen at the same time.
Here's a pay phone in Hollywood, LL.
Hello?
Even I like that.
Yes, sir.
Neil, Buenos Pienes.
And back to you.
Hey, I called him because you've been talking about the absurdities of modern day sports.
Yes.
And I just wanted to add a quick observation of my own that I think may explain how we've gotten to the ridiculous point we're at now.
You know how for thousands of years people were basically kept dumb and happy with religion?
What do you mean more?
Is it like it's in the past tense?
Right.
Yeah.
But maybe not as many now as in the past.
Dream on, man.
But, but.
And I left out a pap you can, by the way, when I gave the list of great.
Oh, yeah, so pap you can and sorry, go ahead.
Well, what I think has happened is sports has replaced religion as the great opiate of the past.
That's right in there.
Yeah.
One thing you're missing in that is to these people is religion.
It's a religion.
No, no, you're laughing, but it's true.
It is a religion is a way of life, especially football.
Yeah.
You know, with this melodramatic view, you know, with the ABC and then Fox's got that whatever hell they're however there is,
goes this really melodramatic music like something important is going to happen and of course it isn't.
Yeah.
And if I can add one more thing, I think it's unfortunate that quite true that it's basically the nature of most people to just wire away their lives concerned primarily with, you know, trivia hours.
I think that's the kind of thing that I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think
I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I
think I think nuclear nuclear solar aku, nuclear masks, nuclear masks, nuclear masks, nuclear masks, nuclear masks, nuclear masks No way.meg
nuclear mask teacher, nuclear mask teacher, nuclear mask teacher, mom asked me the investor, in nuclear mask teacher, in nuclear mask, confederate, cramcnzilles, clumsy to echo glass from heaven.
and program swear wordbal
parle nat al run away with the form you got before, when I don't know
the next class ends in the month.
my ass and biggest and have a good time doing it once in a very very wild win but not too
often. I don't care. I feel sorry for people who are compulsive gambling. I think it's
first. In fact, Hank made a comment yesterday that I thought at least it was an honest
admission. But somebody was asking him what it was a horrible call as so many of them
are. But he was asking the Hank Lynn along in Ponderous way, what team does he root for?
And he says, I don't root for teams. I gave up that a long time ago because Jimmy DeGreek
taught him that if you're going to have a financial interest, you can't be a fan. So see,
that's basically the sports coverage on this radio stage. Has that guy anything to be
the sports fan? It has to do with being a compulsive sports gambler. That's what it's
all about. Which I can't relate to that. See, as far as I'm concerned, they can eliminate
all the sports teams except the Toronto Maple Leafs. And then you say, well, who are they
going to play? Well, they would never have to play it because then they'd be undefeated
because they'd be nowhere left to play. Ah, perfect season every year without all the
stress that goes along with those tough games, you know, overtime. Here's Carl Spring.
Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. You've been talking about the lowering of the calm denominator
in the educational system. Way back when when you had George Washington, Thomas Jefferson,
Benjamin Franklin, you had a larger pool of intelligent people to pick from. Yeah.
Which brings me to my well, how is that possible when you had so, what was the population
back then about 500? Yeah, yeah. We got a hundred. We got 260 million people at
least 220 of them are more on. You still have more glitterer people way back when. Isn't
that close enough? And it brings me to my rant of the day, which is the single most, most
unintelligent, biological group of people on the planet. Yes, sir. Pretty construction
engineers. What the hell in Las Vegas, it took six months to go to New York, New York
casino. A year and a half to put up a traffic light in the divide or a troppo in Maryland.
Yeah. And he got in New York 15 years to fix the Pennsylvania River, New York, on the
Del Parkway. Right. Now here you've got all of this construction on sample road. I
live in the West part of course. Yeah. Well, get used to it, pal, because it's not going
to change. Listen to this activity. Okay. Now people are getting more of it simple. They
realize they got to go somewhere else. So if you cover from Boca, like I just did, you
get off its Southwest 10. I don't know if you know those. No, no, I stayed. Anyway, you
just got to fix example a major intersection along with the fact that there's a video about
books. Yeah. But anyway, you think that they leave that side open. No, now they got
construction a par line. So you still can't get home. Yeah. Open up our road. The people
who are out there trying to make a buck. That is not the Florida F and Waster we don't
want to do that. We want to make it as inconvenient and stressful as we possibly can. Listen,
little, little, little, little, little and absolutely fabulous I agree with you want to
Well, it's not to like the weather sucks, but I mean I'm gonna start and you can't make a legal
left turn so anytime they got a go somewhere you gotta go completely around town
Okay, I have a right-down C.I. Roe. I'll see you at the rotary. I bet okay
Have you ever seen a rotary by the way? Well, yeah, you've seen the Hollywood circle
I guess cuz then you used to live in Hollywood or sure that's why I grew up Hollywood circle
You're very familiar with it. Yes, I am so they have a lot of those only in New England
They call them rotaries and also they have a lot of those in Rome too
So you go to Boston first and you go to the North and it eat something to tag your restaurants
And then you go to Italy and eat in real a tiny restaurant, but you'll see those rotaries which are like circles and
Rome I just I'm sorry. I have no idea how those people drive right there are for the most part
There are no lanes marked on the roads in Rome
I mean if there are they're so old because the city is so old that you don't even see the lines
It's just they make it up a single along and everybody drives these little teeny tiny cars
They can like almost put in your back pocket, you know and I just don't understand it that
It's a miracle that there aren't like zillions of crashes every day if you had the people from here
Driving in Rome if you had a thousand people from here getting in vehicles of any kind driving in Rome at the end of the first day
At the end of the first half of the day you have a thousand dead people and they'd be the ones from here
I wouldn't drive in Rome if they paid me by the
Block you already answered my question, but typically the vehicles in Rome are just horrible nobody has nice cars
There are some but I wouldn't say they're horrible, but they're all small because very few people drive large cars now in Berlin on the other hand
You feel drive a big car and you feel like it in Berlin, Germany. There's a lot of big cars of course. They may happen to make them so
Have you been oh you haven't been to Berlin?
Yeah, beautiful city. How about Cologne? You've certainly been to Cologne, Germany. No
I'd like to get on that auto box. Have you ever been on the train to a 5 6 7 0
No, see I'm just saying these things so that like in future years when you stock up all the money that you're making from doing the show
Which like I said by the time you're 175
She I think that's very sad. I think that's and it's not as expensive as you think
That's the problem a lot of people like you think oh gee
He's making all the big money and which is true. I can afford to go first class in the good hotel
You don't have to do that look at look at the thing with national airlines to Vegas
2569 bucks or whatever it is round trip now granted you're in coach and you're sitting back there
But it's only for a few hours and then you go there and have a great time and they've got fantastic cheap deals as you know in hotels and Vegas
Don't you think they have like a three a three star hotels for example in the role and all these wonderful places
You don't have to stay in a five-hour hotel
What it's not that I'm just suggesting it to you just something for you to think about
Vegas is totally different though then what Vegas is more affordable than Rome
It's not even no no how much money do you lose gambling in Rome?
That is absolutely untrue. I air I the last trip that I made for the weekend to Vegas to weekends ago
I could have gone the two of us could have gone to Rome for a week
And spent less
True story
Because you know lose all that money gambling. I mean Vegas is wonderful. Don't get me wrong
But you're gonna lose your ass gamble. You know that oh
I'm very sorry
Just something for you to think about not try to be pushy
But Italy if for an Italian guy like you you definitely must go there and understand what we look at into all about
Not those guitos that you're probably familiar with
Here's Miami Beach hello
Okay, sir. Yeah, I was calling about the education. I was driving and I was listening to you saying about
You know the colored people
Yeah, yeah, yeah, okay, you know, don't speak you know proper English. I agree with you through a little bit step one
There is no why
Call of people don't speak the proper English because um, I'm from New York
So well, they don't need her but anyway, I know but what happened is when I when I was in school
You know, I I have books in my hand and people look at me like I was a nerd
So if you if you want to do good at school, right, you know other blacks look at me
This has a nerd. Well, that's what somebody said that you're trying to be white if you do that in other words
But what an idiotic attitude that is in other words white people are educated and they can read and speak
And if you want to be like them go ahead, but then you'll be a whitey in a cop out and you know
We want to be a little bit I just I don't understand that
This is stupid remark. What kind of an attitude is that?
I'm also on the other hand oldest politician that the black politicians are really you know
Are really funny, you know, I said that they're really funny. Yeah, because they're not but these problems
Why they don't you know address it?
So you know what? Hey, I you know, I have been hearing about you know, you know, black people don't know how to speak probably English
It was just something about it right instead of you know, we have but uh, instead of this damn uh, you know
Social promotion crap where people keep moving up from one grade or another when they can't even speak
That's got to stop now as in today. You see just see it's just got right anybody who says to me
Let me be asking you a question that person has got to be back in kindergarten immediately
Not soon even if they're 50 years old. I know and also that was something else. I was listening to you while I was driving
Yeah, and it does make a lot of sense
I think if you if you speak proper English the best person was qualified to get the job amen
He doesn't matter if you're whoever race you are right because it just doesn't make sense
All that because you're black. That's when you're supposed to get a job even though you know you're ignorant
It has to do with the quality of service and the quality of life and the idea that we should accept unacceptable quality because some
Bozo needs to get pushed ahead of line. It's unacceptable to us and god bless you sir. Well said
Did he say it well? Yeah, it's 1257 at 560 qm
Only one south Florida radio station has
Hey
Goldberg weekday afternoon to two sports radio 560 q
Hey
But it's it's a one to two hour
When do you like your little princess to grow up to be an impeccable hostess ready for high society
Then why not buy her the doll all taste the little girls are clamoring for the talking Martha Stewart doll
This is the perfect time of here for planting impatience with the talking Martha Stewart doll
Girls can learn how to be just like Martha learn all about entertaining
Marriage
Housekeeping
Oh
With the talking Martha Stewart doll your little girl can grow up to be just like her idol
Poised smart and classy
Get your
From Hasbro makers of the Frank Gifford sleep around action figure who's built in Capricord
Oh, yes, he's my favorite that Martha Stewart
103 at 560 wqm 560 505 60 we got some open lines on here. Now. I'm gonna get pretty parked off about it
How's line four to them? Maybe that's open up again, huh?
What's so bad?
What is that? Hello
Oh
Now that's strange
The sounds of silence on line four hello. Oh wait a minute. Hello
All right, Neil. There's somebody on line four
Yeah, oh my god. Wow
Well, never go through that. I'm in shock. This must be the baby Jesus junior
There you go. Hey listen
You were talking about the trips to Europe and I agree 100% with you and most Americans knew how affordable they are right
And how to run around the country in different areas. I tell you what I think they're visited more often
I mean it's a there are two there are two reasons that most Americans don't go to Europe number one
They're taking cost too much and number two the reason that the number one American destination in Europe for tourism
Is England is because they're terrified of the language they don't want to go somewhere where no speaking English
So they're terrified and scared the crap. Listen, that's very sad
Yes, very sad bitches simple fact that I it's eventually you can become an
Universal around the
European world right all of northern Europe everybody speaks English
Exactly, I knew because it's mandatory in school and anywhere else
Even in France, I hate to say but even there in the service industry like in hotels and so on
There's no problem. I never hand countered any difficulty
Functioning in English anywhere. I was there maybe using the few words of whatever language it was
Right, yeah, yeah, and I tell you what if they really check into some of the overseas on flight
It'd be amazing how cheap they can fly over there
I mean, I'm trying to get some of these people to broaden their horizons so they don't need to spend all their time and got them sweet
Water and odious you know go and see what the real world is all about they'd be amazed
Yeah, and you were talking about the roadries
I remember I mean, I'm from New England from the Boston area. Yeah, I'm so we had the rotary phones. Yeah
But anyways
Over in England we had to round about so only trouble was you had to figure out which way to go half the time because the signs were right on top
Those never been able to figure out which way to go. That's why somebody the max oh, pressy all the guys
They've never been able to figure out just like Prince and Prince Edward. He's got a problem figuring that out
Wilson have a great day YouTube. I'll see you in the peninsula. Oh, no, not for me five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T line
Line four was working maybe line seven now. Let's look dangerous
Now any of us when I did take a blind for that he was on there, but it never rang. You don't understand that
So they've been so
Oh
Yeah, the phones are really screwed up bad today really bad to make a difference to make a role in long singing the song in spite of it
Okay, Greg Reed bluff Lindsey George Corso the one of these these I don't care
I'm pulling right along in spite of you people
I'm not gonna sit back waiting for some miracle to happen in here. You cheap bastards. You slacker
You you goofballs you pretenders you want to be
Makefully broadcasters
We don't get a crap
We're just rolling right along if the phone works fine if not I'll op your ass. I don't care
Because I got a little bit old man. I'll tell you I lose a few pounds and all of a sudden I feel human again
I've got so much more energy back now that I'm like under 200 on a real scale like about 196 or five or something like that
On a real scale much and the friendly scale at home. It's fantastic
No, I got two scales at home. I have one. It's like pretty close to being a real scale and one. It's like a nine or ten pounds less
And when you get waiting on one at nine or ten pounds less psychologically
That's a real life you say oh my god. I'm done 186 185 all right holy crap. Yeah, and even though you're not
It keeps you going it keeps you
On the street in narrow
Or at least in my case the narrow here's Cleveland. Hello. Yes, I'm you. Yes, sir
You were talking about the casino in the agra. No way man. Let me ask his uh
I wonder if Joe's ever been in Cleveland. Have you been in Cleveland? No, he's never been there good move anyway
Go ahead sir. Yeah, he was talking about the casino in the agra
I like it because they have a non-smoking floor on the
the
Effectly floor the first floor and
The only thing I don't like about the casino there is you know when you change one of they take a percentage
And but yesterday I went to motor city up in decoy right and
It's places packed. I like it very much reminds me of the collage in Atlantic City now
Now where is the casino in Detroit? It's down here. No, the tiger stadium is sure this crumble as you can have it on about
Naitable mile and then you'll see the parking garage. He make a light and I go right in and went to South Park and
Went into the casino now are you from where you from? Oh Cleveland
I mean in Detroit. I would drive
You're a year's pass when it used to be a great Polynesian restaurant called the Chintiki downtown on the corner
I'm right by bass and about bagelian castrates in Detroit. I don't know
Because usually I went out to the suburbs
But yeah, who'd how would want to go downtown? But this was a really great place
There was the Chintiki and then there was the London chop house all long going to Pinkers
Grand River you can't go back. They're all gone telegram. I think the chop house was the
The big one there that was the big one even that was so expensive
They used to charge you even for the butter in there, you know
Everything was like ala carte seriously. It was very expensive and not that good either
But this casino's temporary and it's I think it's nicer than the NGM really nice here than the NGM
It is you're getting a little carried away now
nicer than the NGM
NGM in Detroit
This is an MGM. Oh, I see I thought you meant the MGM in Vegas. You have the Vegas of course
My brother was in Detroit. He says the MGM in Detroit is making more net income
Have you been to the MGM in Vegas? Oh, yeah, yeah, I don't like it. It's too big
But you don't like the MGM casino in Las Vegas? I stayed at Caesars, but
I mean Caesars is okay for the shops and the restaurants the Buckinale and all those nice shops
But you want to stay at Caesars? Why would you do a thing like that? Why I was pumped. Oh, I okay good move. Okay. Let's have a great day
Real quickly yes
They have a wonderful buffet there 24 hour buffet and I grab legs and oh, oh my god
No cancer this year. Okay. I don't like that blue liquid. Okay. Have a great day, sir
Oh, that blue liquid gets me real nervous. You know, I got a shmurana. Give her those cramps
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60. I mean what's the big deal with crabs anyway? You know, that's a mine thing
Why do you want to eat crabs?
Oh, give me see crabs like crawling around oh god. I'll be like eating
Snails like the French why do you think the French are so concentrated too many snails
Give me see a snail coming stick a tent out of his shell and like it's got the little and like my the my favorite Martian, you know
Like Ray Walson got little antennae sticking out of it. Oh who the hell would want to eat that?
S card S card
10 past one at 560. I think I'm losing my mind from this place, you know what?
Uh-huh, and that's what makes the show so good the crazier the better is what they say we like it that way me too
Me too makes the show fly by I'm just gonna start babbling for four hours every day. What do you mean just start?
Wake up with the first piece your road
Jeff DeParis is the Goldstein weekday morning to six only on fourth radio 560 QAM
Yo man, we'll show with you guys from a sport
All right
Run along to the gates where Dan's got a great big zippering the back of my pants
Get off the horse at the old barn door got a saddleburn around I'm a ride on the horn. That's good
Look in side folks are dancing all around there goes Johnny and his mother's right now
All the man left now all the man right all the man needs a pillow to fight
Give your partner a silly smart all doing hands for a big circle jerk
Volunteers all raise your hand who's gonna be the next pivot man
Invite your partner home for a drink lick your lips and give him a link with a great six mile and a great six knot
Let him know your gerbil deep cloud
114 at 560 WQAM. I'm really dismayed. I found out me on a real good mood today
But I find out some very bad news my cancer and Steve danger feel all my close best friends at the Panther organization have let Joe Costello down
No seriously. I thought all I have to was mentioning yesterday and you had you'd have 50 tickets for tomorrow night's game against the frog
I mean the Montreal canadian
They have a thump
And he has no tickets that really just I'm astonished you better get a call before two o'clock from somebody in the Panther organization
That sets you up and it would you need a firm offer two tickets for the Panther because they're gonna be plenty of seats for the available right
Uh-huh, you bet like always unfortunately
And if they don't take care of us on this show who now they're gonna take care of if you don't take care of me
Mr. Hockey the only person in this town that goes uh puts his goddamn life on the limp to promote your stuff over there
Then who the hell are you gonna go to bat for my cancer god damn it
No, I'm serious about that that frost my ass. I appreciate godfather's look kind of today. Oh, it's anything godfather
No, well, yes, they do have a promote in three years. I mean forget about that
They don't have to bring this food for free and the wine and dine and delivered. Did they delivered anybody else? No only for me
And the same with the Panthers they ought to be on their hands and knees over here saying hey, Joe
Please take these two tickets right at center rice for tomorrow night's game about 10 rows back
Sounds outstanding
And how come by the way since we got this big hot shot box of ours
You must not be pulling the right strings mr
Since you're so tight with an FU in there that you played handball or racquet ball or uh chin ball with yesterday
What was it? How come he doesn't get any tickets to get tickets to the box
Right out of see
fill us oh
Well, I guess you don't want to do that. Do you know oh
She what what the hell is she got to do with the box? I'm sorry
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound
60 on the 18 T wireless line and then out of town line come on my canton get with it or Steve danger or a buster whatever your name is over there. Let's go
Christ almighty. This is the only place where they get even a fair shake for their money right here on the show
These people wouldn't know any shack from root shack
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello
Yes, hello, Neil. Yes, sir
Oh, blue wall back when I was in West Harlem and my in and now
Uh, you were talking about the operations. Yes. I know. I know the little speaking which down here either well
But anyway, uh, you were talking about the priest and the in celibate
And they shouldn't be having sex with celibate doesn't mean that it doesn't mean the only thing celibate means is that you're unmarried
Yeah, and chases what that means is what the altar boys are
Yeah, well, it's that news. It is
cases when you reform from sex but celibate means one thing. Yeah, unmarried unwitting
And I guess that's why the priest can justify having sex. Yeah
Maybe that's why the Catholic churches again gave marriages, I guess huh?
All right, you got it. There you go. Okay. Thanks for the good news. Yeah
So what what you know, what was this guy really trying to say there's no fact in the church 5 6 7 0 5 60
We got some open lines that here that might actually work how about line 4 and how many that how we actually took one call in this line
Make a big improvement here
I think that was just an act or anything because it's not sounding too promising to me right now
Thank you. I kind of like that. Is there any other show in America that's got those sounds? Oh, no
I mean, we got some other interesting sounds like
Yeah, and like
But these are new and exciting
Innovative different we like being different
It's called being F'd up. That's the you want to be the way being real F'd up. Remember that sound by Elvis all F'd up
Uh-huh. That's us
Now and what's just happened there look at that what's it what the miracle just happened on it? Look at that
lines are ringing that haven't been invented yet
Man, now please don't tell me that see and they say well, you know, it's a bell-soft problem
If it's me and I'm any kind of a business person that's got a conscience and really cares about doing business as opposed to just
Raping the customers under the clients if I care about it
I get bell south and here and I threaten to sue their ass
I go on the year and I rip them and ask I run a campaign
I take out full pay dad's in the newspaper say bell south sucks bell south sucks
We go down in protest in front of the goddamn bell south headquarters. We have goddamn blue bells of Larry
Mixing from southern bell and we raise some health with southern bell, but do we care?
Do we care no we just pay and not even goodlips service weaklips service
That's right. We don't give a flying freshman
Wasn't he one of the German pilots in WW2 the flying lesser Schmidt
Here's a mobile in Pemberck Pine. Hello. Yes, sir
I did anyone share with you the
FTC in the firming $35,000 fine. Yes, as you didn't
Beep out the Brian's side and we did it when we did bleep it out
It's the same now as it was back in the past and so they're gonna appeal it and it'll go on for another six months and who cares?
Well, the the order says it's because
Because they've developed a body. How are you that has the FCC order on this which I only saw about two seconds
When Greg read was in your going little like that. Oh, they posted it on the website. Oh, okay. I'll a couple of days ago. Yeah, I have a little slow
Uh, basically what they said was because they've developed a body of law now since they uh, you know had many more opportunities to review and decent material
Oh, yeah, because it wasn't in decent back then it was only because they didn't have enough experience in dealing with what was in decent
Well, they just learned what's in decent now. They just learned this is what it is. The word police up there. Exactly
Well, I have a suggestion for them. Okay, so yeah, that's for the FCC
Just want to make sure you're seeing you
I haven't seen it, but I heard about it and you know, ask me if I care all right
No, have a great day. Thanks. Thanks for the goodness
Yeah, let them pay it. Okay, just like Greg reads says we'll never pay it. We never pay any of our bills anyway
So I let him try to get it from us. Are they gonna collect it? No
Now, no, it's the truth. I told him that I said you got a lot of experience not paying bills
So it ought to be like rolling off a log no problem at all and he said yep
5 6 7 0 5 60 pond just asked Borker Brian in there by the member when you first started
Doing the stuff and getting them those invoices. Oh my god threatening phone calls
Suicide threats on the front lawn out there. I mean everything out of the stuff coming loaded with oozy
And I still didn't want to pay it cheap pricks. That's the one of these ladies baby cheap pricks
Let's just say it now all the other cheap pricks cheap pricks
We hate those cheap pricks for their crappy $50 suits
That they bought a goddamn bad will
Here's a mobile hello
Good afternoon. Yes, sir. Do you believe
No, basically a question or
This phone line is like kind of marginal. It's touching go, but it's okay. Well, wait a minute Mr. Greg Reed fix those phones now
Yeah, the answer is no, yeah, I don't know. He don't care
That's Mr. Mary Jean very university just wanted a fun of line to encyclotide him Miami with his
I think she ought to go back and put on her she started to get some bad habits. Did you hear for common yesterday?
Oh, that Ilyan should not leave because he has a new mother in Miami. Oh, yeah, right a new mother
He's that that bitch that damn Mary
Flying squirting bitch that's busy of brainwashing him 24 hours a day right now. Let me ask another place
Or you know she is a third cousin. She's not really a relative. I understand that these are all distant kissing cousins
I understand that now did you bitch? Yeah, did you find out whether or not they got the
Permits for the fence yet. Okay, so here's a guy to watch the talk about that crap again
I don't want to I want to talk about it. Oh, I already mentioned that very briefly
I don't want to discuss that against her. We're moving on. We're having a wonderful show here today
Our way for having a good time. We're trying to get Joe to be a real traveler get out of the goddamn county for once in his life
Get north of the Palm Beach line might be good
And not just go to a bunch of stupid guy named Yankee games life is more than a baseball game Joe
mama
560
560 pound 560 on a AT&T world plus who wants to go to the Bronx?
There's nothing but Puerto Ricans and Sparches are now you don't want to go to the Bronx all the Italians moved out they came to goddamn tamarack
Speaking then here's a call from New York. Hello
Hey, Neah how you doing pretty good sir
Many of my friends that
They used to live here Miami now they moved up here. They told me that
Here in my
The college is a double. Yeah, huh a lot of my friends that lose delivery isn't that interesting huh
What a bad slip of the tongue that's like the guy that allegedly was calling on his payphone from Sweden last week
And I asked him what time of the day it was and guess what?
Long answer. I said is that your final answer is it yep wrong answer
Don't mess with me about the time in Europe, okay? Because right now in Europe it's 723 in the PM
Except in England where it's 623 because they're way in the behind
In England they're back home a day late in the dollar hour short
Yeah, he's from New York. I'm right in my here in Miami. Oh man you little spicks out there. You're
pathetic pathetic gets a little circle jerk or by the way. They're sitting around or squeezing there
Actually, not squeezing that they're looking for it first
And they're thinking maybe if they ever find it somebody might squeeze it, but I doubt it
Here's a mobile in for a lottery. Hello
Mobile in for a lottery
Oh, no wait, what was that
Now like one
It's also having a little kind of a attack
That was real so I'm glad I got that off their fast because there was like fingers on the blackboard. That was bad
That was grating
5 6 7 0 5 60 on the home of the f-thup phones baby. We're starting to this like a little game
We're just gonna play with the phones all day like most of you just sit around and play with it
5 6 7 0 5 60 here's the out of town line by the way 877 785 63 45
This place is one of those you don't know where to laugh or cry, but I'll just take the money. Thank you and laugh my way to the bank
You Greg you suck
He does he he's just
Well, there's no one there seriously. There's only one thing to say about him
That's all that's all that's particularly that sound that came
We sound right there
Every time I see him I think
Yeah, wow
And he's taking the stuff from the FCC which the guy says is on the website two days ago by the way on the FCC
A website and he's going through scouring and he's trying to find an ad but it be but he don't know what he's talking about he's got the foggy
It's clue
Here is a man who's supposedly general manager in part order this radio station like I said he doesn't know Joe Schmidt from Bolshevik
Mr. Sports mogul remember Joe Schmidt. Uh-huh. Yeah
You remember Joe Schmidt?
Detroit lines
Oh, he's too busy hung up on Dorothy kill gallon. By the way, what was that show on that special did you see it?
Who's I'm doing and
And you don't have to tell me what time it was on what did it say what do they do was about what happened to her? What really happened?
I said she died. Oh, Christ
Dorothy kill gallons. She was the only one that knew the real story about Jack Ruby the only one who knew really so who uh
He took cock robin and she's dead very mysteriously dead
How do you like that?
And you want to know why that happens because and just like when Jack Ruby was gonna spill a beans along him that lia Harvey
A Schwartz said because that's the American fucking way. That's right. You think you have any idea what's really going on?
Forget it
26 after
AM
It's our 82 model blowout
For the 83
Right the Cuban cotton choice whereas little has 200 dollars and get behind the crap that's a queen
Love oh well you 3080s board pair month base leak in our mercury and don't need leak in the asbellot
Mercenary offers you the Miami's Riders option with every car you buy
Recruits for the electronics in our regular AC
And
Durable plastic nothing had made the alien Jesus with eyes that light up with excitement opens you hit the one-off
Each car is delivered right to your home street rap for freshness with an extra can of peanut Kalatastin
Yes, look for the old city service nation one miles out of seven. You behind the abandoned
130 or five 60 WQ I'll tell you the car spot that just sends me right to the bowl to a pupa my gut sound is the one for
The King Paul you know all of those spots rest in peace the ones where they keep going uh-huh, uh-huh, you know the one to me. Yeah
Uh-huh, uh-huh. What is the what's the name of that joint king? Uh-huh, whatever it is
What an auto wall. Okay, whatever it might be. Oh that with the weird looking with the glasses
And they all look the same like they just came off the ship. You know what I'm talking about uh-huh
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. We sure miss Joey Car though with that dining and dancing
Yeah, let's get that's why I think that's so boring here. Let's get Joey Car back on TV. What do you say? Huh?
Dining and dancing and skip a ruptial too. Let's get him off all those ure-atrix spots. He's doing on it nobody watches TV channel
You really know you've hit rock bottom when you start doing spots for a polo-dent and stuff like that
Speaking of that. I don't want to say that the crowd up there in Pompato is old
I'm in the track last night my friend Derek says he gets parked in a parking lot
He opens it or to get out he looks down on the ground and there's a box from fixer dent
There's an empty box from the fixer dent right there on the floor of Pompato right by windmaw. Oh
Oh god
Yeah, let's get some living and breathing people up there at Pompato Beach you go up in a guy named dining room
It's a sea of blue here. Oh, gee. Oh, come on. Let's get somebody under the age of 100 up there
Christ
We all all lost last night and still had a great time. It's like going to Vegas without all that expense on the trip
5670560 here's line four in Pompato. Hello
I mean yes, sir
You know
Some say some time ago said that sir. Let me ask you are you liking a barrel or are you liking a speaker phone?
I get off the phone. Yeah, get off that
Okay, there you go
Neil some states it's oh, well now. Well, what are you doing? Are you liking the turliter something?
How's this now? Okay there. Yeah, speaking of that thing with the holes in it
Correct. Oh, yeah, that's who listen
Some guy or some say some say yes. Oh, yeah time ago that the written and spoken word is the mother of all our
Mother of India mothers, but run our education on system or listen. Yeah, you take the Caribbean
So especially the ones from Jamaica and Trinidad. What is that what is that greatest power?
Comfort by language
And
How is brought you? You want to just said sir drugs drugs drugs? Yeah, yeah, yeah, but anyway
These black leaders in this country they want to keep them dumb. I'm
Black leaders and the white leaders and they do a good job of it too, man
Airbrough County two billion this two budget is two billion. Yeah, and I know some of the
Maintenance people and they say we throw off stuff that you wouldn't
Just like all the millions are wasting it to my international airport that the hero keeps writing about and nobody is doing anything about just like that crap
You can have the school board down the ivory tower down pound and four-loader
Yeah, and you work down those hallways
They've got drop job descriptions on those doors at 80 90 100 a year right that build Buckley wouldn't know
We got here at 2 a.m. Right exactly. Okay, listen have a great life and they're getting new phone
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. How about that?
Hot shot, huh?
How about that Ray Lewis? He's doing it
Of course, he's only accused you don't understand that don't you?
Just like Cecil he was only accused. He just wanted to dip his wick. He wanted to dip his wick
He's the candleman you heard of the candy man. This is a candleman
He wanted to light his fuse, baby
He was just in there to take a look. He just want to look around like oh, yeah
There's a leg over there and a breast over there and a rectum over there. Yeah, I just want to take a little look look
Only a schnook would say that only a real schmuck
Money air and defend something so it's so idiotic
Only somebody just absolutely desperate to keep their head deep inside Jimmy Johnson
Brackum, but now that he's gone. He can when it's out they can pull it out and they're head to
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line
Of course, I guess that's what Jimmy did to this town for all those four years didn't they pretty much like that? Uh-huh
Had it stuck way way up in there
Deep here's candle hello
With Danny said yes sir. Oh sir. How are you okay?
To comment number one you always used to be a priz city when in the late 60s or 70s
Yeah, 1860s who is lovely. Yeah, maybe 70s who changed or something
The toilet the filthy disgusting place with a bunch of cheap grumps. It's a toilet
It is I know and dumb. I mean you talk about dumb wow makes this place look like rocket science that makes me
Mississippi people look smart the mug ones
Yeah, uh probably I don't know
Anyway, just anybody out there doesn't believe me rent the movie Southern comfort and take a look at that
And they'll see all about new or Louisiana's all about
Why do you think they call it Louisiana?
Louisiana. It's a really nice place. No, okay. You first
Okay
How did David Duke write it or two bites?
Geo's not just
Whatever
Equal opportunity needs to be dead right no more affirmative action, baby
We want some action now and hiring some qualified people who can give us good service good quality of life and help with all these other dumbos
Can't do the can't do the job go back to a McDonald's in the order of burden. Absolutely
I don't care if I speak with an accent if I cannot whatever this and the other
Doesn't matter if you can make yourself clear
By the way, I need to make a complaint. Yeah, in Kendall. There is a public
There's no wife and I just have been going there forever like six years
And ever since they got these niggers there are the cash register ever since they got the niggers at the cash register
Yeah, it's a problem. Yeah
No
You like torch monkeys a lot because the back boy is gonna be a nigger of course. Yeah, that's terrible
I'm a stake right but I am if you come to my business, I'll serve you perfect. I promise you that okay
In this country what business are you in I think pardon? I say what business are you in?
What makes you put it on the air so that the niggers can line up in the
Okay, I'll take your take your business have a great day pal. Get out of here. Oh, did he say nigger running out that was bad
I mean like I said before this John rocker business. It's just like it's just exactly like built Clinton with the blowjob
It's the same exact thing
hypocrites we got 50 50 trillion hypocrites out there in this country and I'm tired of it
You show me one red blooded heterosexual male that don't want to get a blowjob and I'll show you something that's dead
Oh, but the president can't be getting blowjob's always on him. Well, what's wrong with taking care of uh, you know all that business at one time
What's wrong with that burning both the candle at both ends or something like and now what the Cecil said you wanted to like the candle at both ends
Yeah, he had a wick on each end uh-huh
dumb spook
I know seriously. I mean how dumb can you be just like this Ray Lewis? He just signed a deal
He just signed a deal for millions and millions and millions of dollars here
Which most of you people most all of us will never make it in the lifetime with his damn uh idiot did
And uh, well, uh, he's busy uh, maybe killing people maybe not but hanging out with scumbags and maybe beating up that broad in the bar
Oh, but we're supposed maybe he needs sensitivity training
anger management cord
Yeah, he's a good swift kick in a recto and then pull the switch in the chair and take a bite bye-bye see a ray
22 before 2 at 560 WQ and the only one South Florida radio station
And you're listening to it a Goldberg weekday afternoon to two sports radio 560 QAM
Oh god Neil let's do the game all right
oh
And Jess
Now take him cover
Yeah
Yeah
That pretty cannon
No, so pretty cannon influence in there and that like whoo like that a little sound like he's being goose you know
I'm not the sound time. I know how I can palisades park
Hey, by the way, anybody's seen pretty cannon lately. Oh, I bet you he looks real good now
Nothing he had even back then he didn't look good. No
Who that was it was Frankie Avalon you know
He's got his eyes where his left ear used to be and I it's really sad when he bring back these aging
People from the 50s and the early 60s and they're like 172 years old and their body parts are all moved around and his
Rectome is where his liver used to be not a lot of pretty sight. Don't want to see that
5 6 7 0 5 60 we got some open lines on here, then I can't imagine why I would think this audience would be bubbling over
You have lines that don't work to get these lines filled up. We have been smoking here today, man
Smoking it smoking a good stuff
Ever since those Jamaican Sparces came in with a good weed the other day. We've been really cooking on this show
Here's a lady in cooking a creek hello. Hello. Yes, man. Yes
Do you ever say anything nice about anyone?
I might be on say Kenny listens to you when I have to
Oh Kenny he's an asshole. Yeah, huh? I said he's a hell of a guy that Kenny
He knows you too from the racetrack, but anyway, that's the thought. How do you like that?
Bob Mildfitch isn't that great headed number because he said Schmidt
You don't have to listen to anything are you something are you some kind of a pussy is that what you are?
Christ
You reach over and flip that dial and turn on Martha Stewart or whatever crap you are or you make him sit there
Watch Oprah and watch his eyes glaze over, okay? I
Have to say to me and listen to your Schmidt
See that that's the kind of gratitude you get in this time for coming on and doing an ass kick and show and being really
entertaining and amusing and hysterical and outspoken and full of it like I always am right I
Have to listen to your Schmidt another bitch another miserable bitch like I said
I'm so sorry for all you heterosexual males in its time because they they pull of available women
The pool of available available heterosexual women who anybody would want to even touch is so small
So miniscule I
Mean throughout the size of Christina Aguilaras boobs. That's how small of it. That's small teeny tiny
All these star-pussed women out there. Ah yourself. Something is how disgusting. Don't you ever say anything nice?
You have a set of humor bitch. No, no, of course not
And by the way I talked to Kenny at the track and he said you're nothing but a pain in the ass. You're real slut. That's what he told me bitch
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line the other town line is 877 7 8 5
6 3 4 5 and he said by the way don't come back until you get rid of those crabs
Here's North Miami. Hello, hey, Neil. Yes, sir. You were asking earlier if anybody
Been to casino, Niagara. Yeah, I'm down here from Toronto to frost. All right. Go leave school
Maybe we're kicking some serious ass tonight at Tampa Bay final score leaf 7 Tampa Bay 1
That's right
Hey, was your ass gonna bet the casino how are we gonna get Serge a beer isn't wake up come on Serge
I got to get 18 19 and twice a night. I can smell it the hat trick for beer isn't my go ahead so I'm sorry. That's okay
The three casinos up there casino nagro casino Windsor casino Ramma. They want three
If you want something that's like really polatial real-class looking then it's probably casino Windsor. Okay, okay
I want to go to Windsor. Oh boy. Oh, you know, yeah, but
Second place would probably be casino Niagara from the aesthetics point of view, but in terms of payoffs
They seem to be a lot less frugal like casino ramma or the Toronto less frugal. Yeah, and the payoffs
We know those Canadians are real frugal don't we?
French can hey, hey, that's the French kidding. No, and I'm not just the French Canadians believe me
I mean they're the more frugal those frogs, but don't we know the rest of you connects can be a little on the frugal side
And of course what do you expect when your dollars worth 69 cent you know? Oh, if that I had to pay a buck 55
Connuck forever for every Yankee bugger brought down right?
God almighty you were asking about the pot too where you were talking about pot there and
Jamaican forget it. It's a BC super pot
Yeah, yeah, that's what they said
What was the blind kids name I keep forgetting his name is famous for about 30 seconds or the yeah the surfboarder
Yeah, not the surfboarder the the
Chin border whatever the hell he was
Nobody knows his name he was famous for about 20 seconds and then because he smoked a little weed isn't that pathetic?
Ross Rigblebooty or so that's that was his name. Yeah, I'm gonna shake your back. Don't do the yeah
Yeah, and on the subject of pot since I'm a foreigner and and a visitor could you play a smoke to join at some point?
I'll work on it. Okay, I have a great day. Thanks. See you around me. Okay, okay? Okay, nice to talk to you
How's it going? Hey?
Love those Canadians baby. That's not the problem. By the way the frogs will be here tomorrow night
See this is what it's all about. I mean, I said it's your earlier just like the John rocker business
They're suspending him. He never stole a freight train. He never killed anybody
He's a bigoted a lot of mouth asshole. So I'm oh he's got a right to be a jerk
They're not paying him to be a goddamn spokesman
And the same thing with at Patrice Breeze wall for the Canadians. Oh, I hope we boo the hell out of that frog tomorrow
In fact, I'm gonna we're gonna work and did by the way did they call for your tickets yet? No
I'm gonna raise a real stink
I'm gonna tell you when my close best friend Rimmer gets home from the atripticaer line and when he gets home tomorrow
I'm gonna make sure that Joe gets a couple of tickets for tomorrow night's game
They got tickets up the old record sitting around over there and they're playing hard to get you phonies you scumbags
But I'm gonna organize a group and every time number 43 for the Montreal Canadians is out there on the earth
You're an effing frog breeze. Wow. Yeah frog almost rhymes with breeze. Why don't it? Yeah, you effing frog I
Think he's kin to effing Zimbola's junior fax me
Frog oh, yeah, he's crying about somebody called him a name then it's then like five minutes later
Some guy'll come out and spear a guy in the head keep conflian out 20 gallons of blood
You know that kid got hit in the and the larynx with a puck the other day for Canadians and they thought it was gonna croak
That all that stuff is okay, but don't call me a frog
God what a pile of crap what a big smelly oozing pile of
God isn't that pathetic
Yeah, I don't know what it is, but I listen to myself and I make so much sense you know everything I say makes sense to me
I
Listen other people talking at big but that is the lot of power crap the lie talking makes so much sense to me
11 before two at five and sixty QA. Well, why the hell not? What's wrong with that?
Only one South Florida radio station has
Weak day after news at two sports radio five sixty Q a M
specialized pot in
What did
Move
Follow them red blue flashes lights, we're face looks somebody died
And it's 4.6.7.1, we're watching 4.
Don't tell us we don't give a damn, stop 4.6.7.10.
Watch this nerve thing, something else going on
Well, PT, part of us have been right and that would armor always wrong
Come on, I went this action news, we know what you're trying to do
Don't make a laugh, they're all members of your staff
In the town that's pouring a hell, why not make the news yourself
In it's 4.6.7, what are we watching for?
Don't tell us we don't give a damn, stop 4.6.7.10
Watch this nerve thing, something else going on
Well, PT, part of us have been right and that would armor always wrong
All right
I got it, I got it, I got it, I got it, I got it
These figures are like fish
Okay, 154 at 5.60 QM
So how come nobody brought up about this judge John Luzzle and Broward
Took three tickets for the Marlins though
I mean if you're going to take a little something on the side, Marlin tickets?
I must be crazy, I must be nice
Exactly, I could have said a bit of myself
Anybody want a Marlin ticket?
No
No, we just want to pair a hockey ticket for Joe Costello with his lovely fiance
Whatever she is this week to firm our night's game
What's book of Ryallife and about?
Oh, he saw what was going on here?
Oh, okay
When she was out of the room
Anyway, yeah, I just can't believe how hard this is
Now I'm beginning to understand those people who want to buy the damn tickets
And can't get a hold of anybody over there and nobody returns the calls, nobody answers the phone
We're trying at least to make it look a little better
Put a couple of more young asses in the seat there tomorrow night
So we get a respond
No
No
As usual, I have to depend on the frugal rim man to come through on this again tomorrow when he gets back
He'll take care of it
You'll be there or I'm going to be really pissed
I'm going to tell a real story about that DUI
Here's a mobile in Hollywood, hello
Hey Neil, how you doing?
Pretty good, sir
Let's go on
Hello
Yeah, I'm listening, sir
Oh, okay, it's my big two-point one
Come on, generally doesn't do it for me, but anyway
On the worst team this morning?
Yes
Some shots actually called up and made a very pointy point
He said that he likes John Hawker because he knows he's a racist
He comes right out and says that's the best point
That's right, he don't beat around a bush, he don't like bags, he don't like Jews, he don't like Coons, he don't like anybody
And he came right out
And it took crazy about Southern Rednecks like himself either
And the other thing that you mentioned, the only thing about a casino or winters, you can piss there from Detroit, I think
Yeah
And not a good place to be pissin' from
Okay, have a good day
What the guy said, but he was pissed off and fired up something like that
56670560, 0.560 on the AT
Don't be saying that too much here because that's another model of his words that the FCC frowns on
And we'll be getting another guy named Letterman Amal
Or somebody said the P word on here, I mean we're talking 2000, it's February 1, 2000
And we still got the word police
And we got people out there who believe that this is a country of freedom
Are you people out of your minds or what?
Freedom
Free speech, my fat ass
Got a bunch of dottering old right wing assholes sitting up there
We got the humor police, the word police
People out kids are blowing each other's brains out all over the country into times of crap
And we're more worried about did somebody say crap on the radio
Now that's interesting, Lioney, what is that all about? I never punched it up
Here's Miami, hello
Thank you
Yes sir
Hey, Leo, just a couple points
I'm on automatic pilot now, yes
All right, the first on the Joe Rocket thing
I'm an immigrant and you know what? If the guy says what he says, let it be, you can't like
Let it be
Just like the Beatles said let it be
Exactly, you know what I think I'm gonna point, why don't they play a show of Reggie White?
It's typical, it's typical
It's a point where they say foul mouth dumbo, a hate, a mongering Reggie White
Exactly, it's just whatever, he's trying to cover his ass but with the political world
Whatever they tell him, he wants it because it's not so thick
And I'm gonna tell you something, since Reggie White started opening up his dumb big stupid mouth
I'm not buying any more uptronky soup either
All right
And one more thing on you
About all the athletes and the scumbags they are
Yes, I don't know if you know, if somebody mentioned this thing
I kid that was being recruited at the University of Florida went up there
They mentioned it on the worst team this morning in Joe Rose Preset he didn't believe it
He went up there and tried, he broke into some six apartment and got his hands out of the sheets and was fondling which of course is usually
Yeah, he pulled the seat, listen to this, he pulls the seat of the column
Right
The University of Florida takes away their scar shit
The University of Georgia takes away the scar shit
Yeah, but guess what, Tennessee is there saying come on boy, we're waiting for you
All right, you know a bunch of asses right here
Exactly, have a great day pal
How many chances did they get the athletes, the dumb jocks, huh?
I guarantee a gym manager who's on next between two and six is he gonna be covering up for this crap?
No, no, no, as a matter of fact he's gonna be bringing naked pictures of Ray Lewis on there
To bet it's on radio
Yeah, he said he ought to be hung
And when you look at the picture you realize he ain't
Here's the lottery hill, hello
Hey Neil, I'm sure you're pretty good
That's good, listen I gotta say
I'm right to my opinion just like John Rocker's right to his opinion right
Right, okay well John Rocker's the major A-hole when he's full of schmit
Yeah
And he's welcome to think what he wants to think about other people
That's right, he wants to be an asshole, is there a log that's being an asshole that I missed on a book?
No, no, you've got to write to be an asshole
You've got that right now
I remember that thing as dumb as you want to be, that you could Campbell song
You got it, no thing I want to say to you buddy, because I know your show's almost over
It's almost over, man
Go Panthers
Alright
See you tomorrow
Now we get the call yet for my canton
