560 QAF is off to the EONOM 567,
O560,
TOL-3 and BADEN GROWER
O560 on yourself.
The opinion of the Discussion College.
You must necessarily represent those of the people.
The grudge itself is that advertising for agency.
Now, here's Neil Roger on 560 QAF.
Oh, wow.
It's falling.
It's falling.
It's falling.
Hey, guys.
This is your new film site.
It's a video.
It's a video.
It's a video.
Also, the helping of the hero's feet.
It's a sticky thing.
Drop that thing.
Take it with me.
Show me more dizzy.
Watch that.
Drop it.
And that's you.
It's a game of problems of the video.
It's a game of haphazard food.
Ardasing food.
It's not sluppards.
They'll hurt you.
It's bitch-frog.
Hey, that's fine.
It's when I last fall in arms.
Hey, guys.
This is your new film site.
It's a video.
It's a video.
It's his final hit.
Or the guy that's helping the hero's feet.
I want to cry at 50 WDQ.
I'm happy Thursday, too.
I have to really laugh.
The Bush team are asking this judge, Judge Clark,
Nikki Clark, up in Leon County, to excuse herself.
Because she was the one that was looked over by Jeff Bush.
Passed over for an appointment.
They see it in the first district court of appeals.
So they figure she might be a limited partisan.
So therefore, now we know that Catherine Harris.
She's not a partisan.
No.
No.
And when the Florida legislature is rattling their
experiences, they were yesterday and saying,
well, you know what?
This is all moot.
All these are lawsuits in everything because guess what?
We're going to wind up passing your own resolution to
pointing your own 25 electors for Bush.
And the best part of the whole deal is that the governor
has agreed he's going to sign it.
He's not going to continue excusing or recusing or anything
else.
He's going to sign it.
Now, he doesn't have any vested interest in this.
Does he?
No.
No.
Him.
But that's right to judge Nikki Clark up there.
We're not too pleased about what you might just happen to say.
About those 50,000 absentee, about the Zebra,
the Old County.
Oh, man.
And here's David Boyz.
brought you boys' watchers out there.
He's just hawking a China.
Oh, impressive.
Yeah, well, we already did.
And he's got his charts and his graphs.
And they're asking the Florida Supreme Court to order an
immediate recount.
Now, did you catch it in time to find out what it is?
And I want to tell you how sick this country is, the media
especially.
This thing this morning.
And the kind of ties in with my poor yesterday, you see how
I always on top of these things I anticipate.
It's like the old J. of the Bronco chase all over again.
You got the choppers up in the sky and they're following the
right or truck.
The right truck is on the way.
And it's edging out there on military trail to one up there in Palm
Beach County.
And it's edging out there to traffic.
It's not going to fast because there's a whole bunch of traffic
right now.
It's just kind of sitting there with all those ballots in it.
Like almost a half a million ballots there and you got all
those other ballots from Bade over a million ballots on the
way to Calahassee with a banjo underneath.
And the crazy people in the media, they're showing you the
caravan.
They got the choppers up in the sky and their assholes out
there, including some of your people listening to me right now
that are gloomy or TV sets watching it.
All the team are on the way to Orlando already.
God, they're making good progress.
What's no market?
Oh my God.
We're talking crazy people.
That's what we're talking about.
Oh, speaking of crazy people.
Remember?
I mean, that's.
I'm just very much 25 years old.
And how you put up with him for 25 days.
I have no idea what 25 years congratulations to the rimers and
he says he'd still rather have the gift.
How do you like that for a cheap Canadian Jew?
He still would rather have the gift.
That's the best I can do for you.
Remember congratulations and good luck to you and get out of my
face.
So everybody who knows the rimers give me anniversary gift,
please because it takes to heat off of me.
I'm not giving in no anniversary gift.
Even jelly is going to go over there and suck around with a
big anniversary party.
He's asking me how come you're not going because I'm not a
phony.
I'm not going to be over there with with the Marie boys, the
sportsman and his brother and all these other phones,
sucking up to people who don't hate me like poison and
putting on a happy face for them.
I just don't play that game jelly, although you obviously
do because you'll be over there smiling the rimers face
even though you're using stabbing them in the back.
I mean, well, huh?
Or is it your words that's stabbing them in the back?
There is a jelly putting them up to it.
I'm not ever.
I don't know.
Yeah, just a lot of phonies running around.
But remember to read your mind.
Don't take the gift anyway.
So David boys is going on and on and on and on.
Oh, it's the end.
I have posted the end already.
And I tell you the most depressing thing last night wasn't
just the fact that singing for Panther game that we only had
about I would say 8,000 people there.
You'll say for sure 13,000 is usual forget about that.
There were eight maybe 8,000 people are at the max.
And when the overtime started, which didn't last all that
long, when the overtime started, there may be 2500 of us
sitting there.
Then I get home and talk about the pressing.
Trevor kid, nice car and Trevor.
What a great effort.
Wasted time.
Wasted effort is the panthers blowing up.
I'm going to just don't score any goals for anybody.
He played spectacular and that's going Trevor.
Don't take it personal.
And I get home and the maple leaves who are leading St. Louis
5, nothing 5 minutes in the third period.
They wind up blowing the lead and then losing an overtime.
18 seconds in.
6 to 5.
One of the great blow jobs in the history of professional sports.
So I was pretty depressed about both of those events.
But.
The most depressing event of them all.
Was at the game last night, not just the bad
dependence, not the fact that panthers lost an overtime and
put on a really crappy show over in Trevor kid.
But there was they put all the stuff, the big entertainment
up there in the scoreboard for people to watch.
So we have something to look at that might be entertaining.
Because it sure wasn't on the ice.
And they have a thing that they do now where they show up
couples first they have the kissing couples they you know,
get a couple on the screen and then what they see that
they're on their kiss and all of them and then they'll show
two guys sitting next to each other try to embarrass them.
Well, in any way they have a new thing they do starting
last night against where they show couples and they'll super
impose a picture of like a movie star like Brad Pitt over
the guy's face and then and the broader sit there next to
like what appears to be Brad Pitt now you know.
And they show like a like a cartoon thing like somebody is
dreaming about somebody else and they put somebody famous in
this picture up there over the push of whoever they're
showing on the screen.
You following me so far.
Oh well, keep up.
So there's shown a few of these things and now they show
us some couple and one of the guy his picture disappears and
here's our gorus picture is super imposed over his face and
the crowd is blowing and blowing.
I mean loudly this is in sunrise at the center and the
crowd is blowing hysterically even worse than Terry Murray
and the Robbie Needle bar combined when he announced their
names and then they show George W's a picture of us and
they're cheering on for the kids I noticed.
I'd like to remind you one thing remember back when we had
all the polls before the last time that was there and they
had the polls that they take with the school children all
of a crowd about to your four different ones and they said
boy, it looks really bad for girl because Bush was winning
those polls with the school kids by like a zillion votes a
million votes in this poll two million votes and at
both it looked like it wasn't going to be close because
they assume first of all the polls were almost always
been right with the kids and number two they assume that
the kids are going to vote for whoever their parents like.
Remember those polls the kid polls.
So after seeing this performance last night.
By the crowd and I use that term loosely at the Mac
Arena. It's obvious to me that kids and people with a
mentality of little children are the ones that gravitate
towards the W because words of a feather flock together.
But that that that just took the stuffing out of me.
I mean I already got my grid and my IBS and all my other
internal goings on none of which are all that serious
you just a nuisance. They're just part of God's gift to
mankind. But that's it. It just took a start out of me.
I think that that's what it's going to be. I know that's
what I was saying to myself.
They're just number 12 to try to name their own slate of
electors. Do you think they would be in their legal rights
to do so or do you think you can overturn that in court?
I don't not speculate on what the Florida legislature will
or will not do. I have said before that I hope before the
legislature is not going to try to substitute its will for
the will of the people of Florida.
The way elections are decided in Florida under the Florida
Constitution is by direct election by the people.
I got news for you because that's the noise that they're
making up there in Tallahassee. It's kind of like saying,
but you know, all of a sudden a legal wrangler that's
going on even in the Supreme Court. You guys are just
yankin it because we're going to go ahead and name your
electors and all obviously going to be 25 Bush electors.
He's going to be in here with the state of Florida and
Jeppe she said, sure, I'll sign it and there we split them
in there. The fix was in.
I like to know how many of you people are going to sit
store for that fact that's going to be our poor question
today. A poor question yesterday.
Which of these events was the most compelling to you?
The Bush girl election 435 58 and a half percent of a 743
votes. The old J12. That's what I voted for 168 22 and a half
percent early on only 84 how soon they forget 11.3% and
Monica slash penis gate only 56 7 and a half percent.
I'll put a question today on our website near laundry's
dot com. Do you support the Florida Legislatures plan to
appoint 25 electors for Bush? Yes or no?
Do you support the Florida Legislatures plan to appoint 25
electors for Bush? Yes or no?
It's a 10 past 10 already here 560 WQA and no question
of the program. They do. Could have expressed the
momentum in WQA. No. God can't slip them.
Beware of exploding balls.
Free the fair. Free the fair.
Free the fair. Free the fair.
All right. Free the fair. Free the fair.
Free the fair. Free the fair.
Free the fair. Free the fair.
Free the fair. Free the fair.
Free the fair. Free the fair.
Free the fair. Free the fair.
Free the fair. Free the fair.
Free the fair. Free the fair.
Free the fair. Free the fair. Free the fair.
Free the fair. Free the fair.
Free the fair. Free fair.
Free the fair. Free fair.
Free the fair. Free the fair.
Free fair. Free the fair.
It's a perfect way to plan a 60 WQA and see.
One thing that a lot of people I guess I'm thinking about
is that the Bush people knew all along that they had this
the whole the legislature and the governor not just Catherine Harris I mean that
was just for that was just the appetizer that was just in the beginning
well that's why you know she should have certified him early I mean on time
because well that's what she meant to say early I mean on time bitch who the
whole she couldn't the fix was in they knew that they had this whole the machine
we set up and now you know the running up the clock installing and doing this
and doing that which of course the least don't know how to do that but in any
way they know how to do it very well and just so and at this point I don't
care what anybody in this audience or anywhere else tells me I don't care
how many recounts they have now there isn't a China-Mex chance in hell that
anybody is ever going to know what the real countin' for it was if they
recounted every single balance starting this minute they're still like to know
what the real count ever was you've got so much thank you thank you that
one and Martin County in Nassau County and goddamn Bay County and Bay
County and Palm Beach County and got on those were else who the hell knows what
went on in this God forsaken place that we call a state a state of psychosis
over here this we got four people already who support the idea and say let me
say this to you that's what's the question whether you think that Bush won
in the fair and square that he should be the president that's not just a
question you think that the state legislature should be deciding who should be
the electors as opposed to the voters I mean well what's the point of all of
us going to vote over six million people in Florida having gone to vote three
could we go last Tuesday what's the point if the legislature is going to
decide anyway so we used to do it in Russia yeah that's right we just wasted our
time out new people are screaming about Cuba isn't it interesting that the
same people many of them in Dave County are always screaming about Cuba where
they don't have any goddamn elections now they want a decent franchise
everybody who voted no matter who they voted for on November 7th in the state of
Florida and they're gonna say oh yeah this is good because this is the way to make
sure Bush gets it like I said they stood by a hooker by crook unbelievable
to me here's a mobile and West Palm Beach hello yeah I listen to you
election night shows I know your the honest is good of a political analyst as you are
as a sports announcer and this is just like your third string gig I think yeah the
same people that were telling me two weeks ago that Texas was such a dungy
now it seems to be the cradle of the enlightened election counting law you know
yeah that's what makes me laugh and you see I'm not gonna come they just
know you this is law to code the votes yeah yeah and also also I have been
all these years hearing about how good people voted in the Chicago so that's
why Kennedy was president I guess we'll be so funny out of you guys huh so
this is like a bomb game in other words like like I said before like little
children like Bush and your proof of it's just people with childish mentalities
like haha yeah see it's in there's the first call this like yesterday right
over the box and I'm gonna call from Georgia yesterday after you and home
yes who I wanted to be in here I'm see see what I'm saying would you want that
call to be on national television I sure wouldn't to be associated with me
or they show my name even though those are the kind of assholes we talk to
every day yeah CNN oh yeah they wanted to come in here with a camera crew
and a microphone in the whole the and record and take the show because I
they're desperate is there any other local talk show when it's time they can
come in and uh... no so they're desperate and I said absolutely positively
not well they were pretty consistent and I said I'm insistent the answer is
absolutely no it's embarrassing enough that I have to make a living sitting
here and talking to both of those like this asshole what I just spoke to here
no no no no no I can over one child like I said that's what all the kids
their last night when they put bushes picture up you would have thought it was
here well up there all right so I'll beat you there's your head like a rock star
because people are juvenile and childish
words of a feather like I said before fought together
and yesterday when I asked for the umpteenth time for one rational reason
I anybody voted for George W Bush and we still couldn't get an answer and this
is the kind of childish retort you get
you only honest answer we had yesterday was the one guy who said he was a
big it and I commend him highly not for being a big it but for the honest enough
to admit it
he just can't relate to the people that he thinks voted for glory you know the
scarches and the fags and the uh... the uh... right to uh... the the
freedom of choice of women and the uh... old Jews and so on
he can't relate to those people anybody to the left of a club on
the least he was honest about it because that's what the that's what the
George W represents
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eight t and t in
Verizon wireless line
mobile and hi alia hello
mobile and hi alia
going once okay nice talking to you through a soul
mobile was palm hello
hey you okay i wish i wish i could get a week down on the floor to
panther tickets
you know i'm so glad that marie spent the week uh... addressing the
problems of the power they put an umbrella last night
they should put a umbrella over that whole uh... team
now the party in the beginning of season i thought we'd see a coaching
but uh...
now it seems that the 15 is talentless
who is
and uh... it's embarrassing
but how many times have you heard me say lack of talent i said
and it's a
you know it's one of the maries i think you're choice i mean
and you know it's an interesting article the palm be told that today
saying that the the panthers have decreased in value
nine percent
uh... as a result of the recent developments with the team yeah and you
would think that i think it was a business man number one
which they will find it improved
the salary of the game
i might make some changes
uh... how i want to ask you this how much value is the team going to have
when there's nobody showing up for these games i mean you could add your own
section four eleven last night was completely empty out
i've never seen anything like it in my life
ever
i quite a game i would overthink it was a total of the quote a pen
uh... flyers
yeah
completely other quality
uh... uh... the play so much better you know the one up in game
but they're passing and there was
yeah
uh... we're looking to see
it looks like it's a-h-out quality i think i heard the whole game ninety percent
of it is in the panther zone
and and ever kid doesn't play phenomenal it's gonna be a nine to one game and all
of us are going to be gone before the middle of the second period
i mean it's just a disaster
it's a good game and it's a bandit by the team
right okay
don't say they're making other phenomenal
but uh... you know i was one of the team that's just unbelievable that i
was nothing
yeah but again if you were sitting in my seat you listen to people are
all right
yeah
these people don't know they would know a hockey game if you stuck it up there
oh you keep on kicking out
okay blow the skull
uh... go
that was pretty weak last night at pack when said you know what pack when said
after the game for those five of you care
he said the real we do this all the time we get a lead that we'd like our guys
like to dick around that's exactly that's a direct quote they like to dick around
five six seven or five sixty pound five sixty on the eight tn t and for eyes
on wireless line
there's a mobile and cross-spring hello
i do know i'm doing okay sir they i just don't see it and they elected
outburst the president and your school of the vice president yeah
and and close and close in you close before you start with your mouth pal
you close before you open your mouth at all
five six seven oh five sixty
like i said when does it been great to get to you and then here today i think
it said what kind of a god damn places this and i would have said this is south
world of baby that's what kind of a place it is
so should i say something to the bbc just call yes tell the bbc the answer is uh
no tally ho and the answer is no that's what to tell them tell them cheerio
no tally ho and don't need too much spotted dick that's what the telebbbc
yeah we have all these people can you believe that over here on your show there's
the guy down and so forth he's the maven he's about to talk about the election
that's the hot talk show down here i'm gonna let them come in here and embarrass
me even further down and burst by talking to these assholes every day
i've been doing this 25 years searching for intelligent life in south world
not me baby not me and it's an interesting back in the days of
ariana a lot of the same people at our hospital
toward us here on this show right now a lot of us same people we were the heroes
because they liked what we were saying here on this show named George
which was the truth but now this truth they can't handle because it doesn't
happen to agree with a political persuasion with their mental
of delusions with a affinity for somebody who's
done with unsaid us i mean if you want to try to convince yourself that this
is a guy and i'll say the same thing at least i've been honest enough to say
all along you take the two tickets bush and chanee and go in leave them in
and i wouldn't get you a dime for the whole throne put together they all
stuck and i cut you a 270 million two for this is the best we can come
up with i'm not arguing candidate i'm not arguing for our
growth because he's got no arguments to be aimed for him none
little he's pathetic i'm arguing philosophy and the problem with people
especially in this town if they don't have any philosophy they don't stand for
anything they don't have any passion for anything so i was talking to
somebody and one lot of people hey walley henna said it was their last night
with the great trainer Fred grant nice to see you Fred
and even you two walley how's it going hey that's a lot of folks to
realize my especially with such a small cloud i guess they all came to see me
i was talking to somebody who'd been in the heat game a couple of nights ago
but one day blew there in the last second to the game the home game they said
if there were seven thousand people there that was a lot and then i was
there i'd get it told me this morning here the same thing
so they had to spend all of that money to build two separate arenas in this
bum fork front running for the ass town and they're both empty all the time
so whether it's sports whether it's politics there's no passion for
i'm the one person this town who's told the truth for 25 years the only two
things they have a passion for in this town early bird dinners and a
hate those are the only two things that's why during the days of
alien man you couldn't buy a phone on an issue
all of money in the world couldn't get you on your initial because the phones
were smoking because it had to do with hate we hate the killbeds we hate the
and the specs we hate them
the only first town needs besides a good birian minima a blueberry
animal will be good for a start i'm telling you right now what it needs
a good freaking exercise and that's what it needs call a father marion see if he's
busy 26 pants 10 at 560 wq
yeah you done long-lostly the baby boys in this group fall from sheen and
they want to start today the longer we go on the midday and do the more
hours that's lit by the more difficult it becomes remember the secretary of
state and the county's promising board and Florida cut off
Palm Beach County refused to accept any of the result
going on because they were 127 minutes late that wasn't following the Supreme
force they didn't even count to 189 votes
yeah that they got it on time the Supreme Court said if they get it in on time you
got to count it
said the carol didn't even count the 30th
carol see he almost said the secretary of boys Florida shocked
i agree Tom 5 6 7 0 5 6 you wait can you see how this poor is coming out
George you're going to commit suicide right in there i'll send you flowers
do you support the Florida legislature's plan to appoint 25 electuers for George W
Bush 86 votes already no 55 yes 31
like i said here it is it's pants 10 30 if we had one real rational call yet today
oh no there's the reason why 5 6 7 0 5 60
on the 18t you see this is what really kills me this is what really
frosts my big fat old pimple yet and by my case difference to me i could
paint one way or the other see there are no boys supporters i'm beginning to
wonder who to help the half of the people in this state were
prepared for more half or more whatever they want was there are there are old
Jews in the cemetery village by half of them voted for
about James Buchanan or Pat Buchanan or something named Buchanan
and uh... farchers i guess i don't know who else voted for
maybe that thing is a hockey game last night right there in the middle of
sunrise maybe it was just a lot of green though last night i don't think so
i don't know what else going on here but you're going to use kind of sit back
and roll over and play bed now because like i said you're farant to be just
as strong enough you don't care that much who gives a clap
let's just hand it over to them give them the keys to the kingdom and let's move on
to the holidays
here's a moment of time so long good good morning yes sir when you're in
Amsterdam there was a republican had
congested positive the conjecture that some of the chats may have been
ingested by some of the democratic vote counter yeah so of course you know
George trying to do a show on eating chats i just wanted to bring that to your
attention so um that you imagine the partisanship that's going to be
result out of regardless of who gets into uh the the white house
and you know the interesting part about that is that before the election
and based on all of the polls the majority of people in this country no matter who
they said they were going to vote for were highly lukewarm in fact the
polls that they were taking would you rather have to ask like their different choice was
winning uh a handily and but now all of a sudden after the election is over
they've divided the country right in half right down the middle
if go on we're getting to office and cook and say i'm going to include Cuba to bring
over the impact and i'm going to okay you see where he's going see i just got
through saying it there we go again the Cubans it's their fault the Cubans
did it not the 98,000 people of voter for native forget about them which i don't
think there were too many Cubans of voter for native you can pick any group you
want see people vote in groups why is this got
taken on the 92 percent of the blacks who voted for
Gore because they thought they were voting their self-interest the uh
probably 97 percent of the adjus voted for Gore including a lot of them were
just voting because Lieberman was on the ticket and didn't have any philosophy
please don't waste your time with that with that Cuban bison crap find some place
up to dig up sandy patent somewhere proper up on a chair let me do it with a
ghost of an bishop they can do a two a man show
underline the man part yeah but who would look at him as masamacho and who
is the pants in that family and a kill ends but you do have a good point
here's point and beach hello hello yes sir
Neil yes Jesus that's been waiting first time Corla
i'm gonna tell you something no you haven't been waiting you just got on there
oh Neil this is the greatest thing that i'm speaking to you
neither i don't think so since pay toilets yeah uh listen as a question might
be stupid yeah i think i'm beach county yeah and i want to know what's the
visit or the camp and why isn't there a revo there were 22,000 double punch
because people made him a stay sure it's in it's in court here you're watching the news
are you watching yeah it's in court that's in it's highly unlikely that there'll be a revo
but it's a possibility because i would be betting too much money out of
especially if you're in the stock market if you haven't money left yes i would never think it never
was addressed it was only addressed with the recountries so it has been addressed it's in court
right now as we speak hang on tight and don't squeeze your bag through our in my tip over
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18t and they want CNN and the bcc in here uh
here all your first percussions brilliant comments and observations about stuff that happened
right here not just in this state but right within the sound of my god damn old voice
man are you people tragic and i'm sitting there with a hockey game teramai kishki's out
because the place is empty and because i'm sitting in the middle of a bunch of runk head
or yelling things that make absolutely no sense at all and i'm wondering what the hell planted
am i on hey where are few stuff say more tired repetitive garbage from the same old tired crowd
god i'm getting back on that plane yeah as soon as i get else kees here's a mobile and four water
deal hello yeah i don't know i'm doing great all right i'm uh i just uh i was i moved to Vegas
about a year and a half ago yeah this week for a week's vacation and i miss you show i'll tell you
yeah i just want to tell you uh there's nothing like you and Vegas okay well thanks thanks for
your tremendous input 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 thanks for your second around
out of town line wide open air 877 7 8 5 60 3 45 come on on you mugwamp so very big you know
this is what tells me about those people too i'm really full of it today i'm starting to get my
health back a little bit can you hear it yeah oh yeah they take me off between noon and the
morning we're gonna have a revolution over here on at 770 those days and here we never hear
from those god damn bastards they haven't got a god damn thing to say to the me that they voted
in the same election that we did didn't they oh oh i'm sorry i thought they did here's a mobile
and Palm Beach hello i was i i'm a registered developer that's what i didn't vote uh i couldn't i
could not bring myself to vote for outlaw yeah i don't think i should understand that i almost did
the same thing uh well i we gotta really share how sometimes i don't think it's gonna make a
difference but i want to talk about hockey here first i think yeah my company has got
those Lexus Club seats it's for you know that whole arena and i guess we buy them for whatever
events there and i've been to two or three hockey games yeah not i'm not a hockey official not or i don't
even really understand the game but my question to you is buddy you should write in there
my question is this though hockey cannot uh still get it up very popular in the united states since
it's never you know they get on network tv but yet the cost of the tickets to go to that is equal
to football and basketball yeah if they're trying to sell a new concept like soccer and hockey
i think hockey is not a new concept sir it's been around since before foster here it was a baby
but it's not it's not been around in Florida and most people they grew up in Florida the only time
they ever happened well see there's one line that underlines the whole thing it's called greed it's
called me the owners want to squeeze the money out of you the players in their union want to squeeze
more money and as long as everybody wants to be a multi-millionaire billionaire then we're supposed
to pay for we're supposed to subsidize it and since you don't care about it in the first place what
you're bickering about and he gets paid tickets from this company and he's belly-hacking about how much
it costs to go there don't come to the games pal we got enough people already don't understand
including the coach 21 before 11 and 5 60 wqm from a neo-rotter show sports radio 5 60
you a media is sick and you're self-adlet
yeah yeah i'm looking for dickhead you're looking for dickhead you have got it well you
he's probably at work you're talking to his mother he doesn't play about it now all right
this is Mike oxlone is there any metzajaki kidding yeah just tell him i'll be over jack can
off house jack and who jack and off let me ask you something you work with him a stop
i help him with side stuff i didn't know he did it yeah we poached i don't think so yep and we do uh
we uh on the weekends we run a cock fighting ring i like you're full of baloney in it no i
ain't full of baloney no sir rebob and he doesn't do any side work that you're talking about
yes he does with me he does now thanks so i'm gonna write you nine down and i don't know
i see him i don't see him i don't see him i don't have any well listen my name is mike oxlone
let me write that my court in my in my ck yes yeah mck oxlone
oh x l o n g mike oxlone l o n g right and i'll be over jack canoff house
jack who can off can no f f jack canoff i'll be over there shutting up the cock lane
i never heard of jack canoff either or i've heard of it i do it often now but who is jack canoff
and word is the lay of uh well he lives at his house where we have the cock fighting
i like you're funny this tell biggie head to that call he doesn't come here in first place
does he take a bubble bath have a night he's probably does yeah do you ever get in a bubble bath with him
he's my son so what down down in the region and it is what you people do
no you're calling from man call from uh from jack and off house um we're sitting up to
conquering for the cock fighting tonight not for my son you're not he's got the biggest
cock in the whole town man are you wins all the fights you know i think you're getting ugly
you come back i'm not ugly you got the ugly uh ten for it by lector way that one in two ten forty six
and five sixty w two and when it doubt chop it out that was down eighty nine and man's
men's deck the markets are taking a big yeah it's all over baby we're finished here's a mobile
in west Palm Beach hello hello yes sir i'm gonna make two points and i'll sit back to this promise
number one it's a point so the inability of the people Miami data
well man we're not oh where are you on a speaker phone in the
car mobile i know i know you're a mobile now i know speaker phone okay well speak right in
that thing i'm trying okay it's the people in man to do it in west Palm county you're out of
reading file direction we wouldn't be in this map uh huh time to one number two
hit the floor to three point first and always step themselves and make them wrong
they say why one and now one they make them wrong and they don't step themselves and make
them wrong okay thanks for the campaign speech five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty out of eighteen t and for lives and wireless ones these are the people who believe in states
rights you know keep it in the states but the photos of pincoard there a bunch of god damn coming
it so screw them right just keep making it up as you go along just like those you know those
dimples and temples they're okay in Texas but they're not okay in Florida uh huh
here's a mobile and double a beach hello
go away beach yes sir yes i need all the thick these people have voted for Bush the reason they do
is because they're massacres see they've had it too good for the past eight years evidently
i want to be swapped around a little bit yeah they want to go back to the days of poppables they'd
like that yeah they like that so maybe it's a good thing that he gets in because uh
then they can get down on the knees and pray maybe the public comes back you know i'm saying
and as far as your adjective or because i suffer my life it was high i don't hurt you i've been
taken for close-up for two years the works one is i don't know you know how bad your thing is
but did you ever did your doctor talk about it and then those coffee for you i'm only
here that oh so what they say my insides are beautiful certain what you get is that must have
a sub-yawid or something bad yeah i've been eating a lot of crap i've been eating all that
and listening to a lot of crap okay have a load of zigzag is not get out of here five six seven
oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T we got to talk to a lot of people here today man we got
to talk to because who knows maybe CNN is taping the show in the BBC and the SPCA and got only
knows who else and of course a lot of goyam they're taping they're monitoring here's a mobile in
me hello yes sir hey this is Tony hey Tony you know never has it been more important than that
constitution like the right to bear arms because when and any party tries to steal in our election
yeah i think it's time for us to get our arms uh-huh i am out ready to do what's going on yeah i think
that every bone dollar bone should be counted so you have the real winner as best we can determine
before we go and determine a winner like Bush has over pointing his cabinet and you have even
bothered counting over 10,000 votes they haven't been counted properly yet right where where
are the people upset about this these people are calling supporting Bush about just supporting
the right of the world you'll notice that if they were concerned about the outcome if they thought
that they beat you one fair and square so to speak and that they really deserve to be with their
transition team going and get ready to move on into a sixteen-member pencil in the avenue if they
really believe that then what the hell are they afraid of what they can I counted those votes 400
times already correct the more I'm more concerned with winning than they are the in-game they
know they lost make no mistake about it they know that if all the votes were counted and the
intended voter were properly recorded they know they lost and they've had this great opportunity
to steer and nobody's going to get it back let me tell you if we don't count the remainder of
these bones are questionable we don't know the machines can count them but they may be valid bones
I am getting a completely on this democratic system you have no stocking out there's no balance
there you go the third party is time for it to show up I'll see your names to them okay
do we all see one five six seven oh five sixty pound do it needs to film and don't forget about that one
where we go here's a mobile and oh move the toe grows your data forgot to mention that
anybody remember move the toe grows your Cleveland brown place kicker great low I do
here's a mobile and four Myers hello yes sir hey what's going on how you doing sir how's
think I'm going to West Coast no sunny and confused yeah yeah I um you don't know if there's
both the count I think they should have to write down a legitimate reason why they're voting for
the candidates I mean you may have the point that I've been asking people for weeks now why did
you vote for Bush yes they don't know they like to vote for the reason uh-huh and it's the
only thing one that's it is why voters are changing really and I said oh well I mean well
women didn't we have a lot of people are voted for a junior leave them in probably you're right yeah
no question about that of course some of them can figure out as well right but they were trying
yeah that's fair the news is fair about it okay well good luck to us pal right for good
one okay we'll survive this we survived early on we survived the old day trial then he moved
down here to slap us in the push with it with his good buddy what's his name yeah
yeah we'll survive this as my mother would say while she's listening to that boiling
boss splashing in the toilet this afternoon that should be your worst problem five six seven oh five
sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless lines yeah I always make a big splash at mom's
house here's a lady mobile in Margape hello hi yes ma'am hi you know my question about all of this
why do anybody want the push I mean he can't even articulate correctly yeah so why would anybody and
fast know that the public in space that he's in my country like he's a drunkard okay well listen
when you get a new phone call me again someday these models today really sound like kind of
kind of like that one spot we're running you know one of that cardio spot that's all muffled and
you can't understand the word it's in it not that we care I want you to understand that I just
mentioned it in passing as we did Cobb would say if he were still who was today five six and what
happened to the great people from Hollywood you know the Keri Grant Clark Gable they died
DJ Cobb Bill watches names from network Bill Hilden she still heard them
he's still holding the bottle they found him on the floor he was holding the bottle remember that
yeah a lot of drunks during Hollywood maybe W if he their things don't work out right I
look like it's probably will form but if they don't work out right maybe you can find a position in
Hollywood or maybe as a sure for where we go and here's a lady noble in Dirtfield which hopefully
is a better mobile phone hello yeah so I'm not on mobile phone okay I voted for Gore and I voted
for them for the same reasons you voted for him because considering the alternatives to keep on push
exactly and I just would like to know what to do now I'm ready to you know I mean this is just
totally ridiculous yeah that's talking about even after this thing I mean like you said before
they're not going to count out votes because they ship they're so confused right now those votes
that it's not going to prove anything by the the court thing were they they're shipping millions
of votes instead of thousands it's just and now they're talking about locking up the votes
after the election for nobody will ever know even for years after because they're afraid they
can't do that well I just heard that the other day well I don't I don't know where you heard it but
the freedom of information act and that means that they have to be in fact we've already got all
these groups including that one right wing group that are clamoring to get their hands on them
and the media's got a right to examine those ballots after December 7th I would think so but I
you know you hear these things and then the the Florida legislature I was listening to Randy
Rhodes yesterday and she had a you know the process of Maria Lawn and he was saying that it was
absolutely illegal with their billers because they have already picked somebody they've already
a certified bush so they cannot go to the legislature because they already have a swing how's
Randy doing she ever found her two identity or she's still kind of filling around she's looking
for it now on the phone I would color it is this week okay well listen good luck to work
it out hey man okay okay I'm sorry I chopped it right off while she was probably gonna say
something about Randy again hey listen don't be a picket on Hank okay Hank is our buddy we got a
two is this show and hangover show that's this radio station with all respect to our friends in
a morning show that we have any friends in a morning show no one in the guys in the morning show
not a friend but you're you know promoting Randy Rhodes we don't want to do that on you know
with him she has five six seven oh five sixty pound why would you listen to that what's wrong
with you she's actually doing a good job throughout this based on what she's getting a
people on she's talking about what's going on she's got the box around the year person that she
just said yeah lady said it's well let me ask you that what's his doing whether well I'm sure not
I don't want to have all those people I don't know what you're talking about it you're talking about
it but I don't want to have all those guys talking heads on the run every guy's name show on TV 24
hours a year so skydive right when you've been Ginsburg the abyssal journey see what think about
lawyers they're horrors they're all hoors like Kendall coffee like this guy like Alan Dusha
with they're all about your horrors if they get paid the right amount they'll go to the
Fendate but they don't give a crap they're about your horrors and who says prostitution illegal in
America oh we got all these guys and lawyers running around well I scroll on Randy ready to
do a good job in fact I'm a turn around this afternoon all the way down because I was in the
Hank okay until those gambling colors start coloring and destroy your show thanks got set green
bird on a fall four o'clock that's gonna be the girl bird and green bird and then we got
be no cook at five o'clock with Hank you see we don't care how many antics emits throughout
their way we got the balls of under station we got girl bird and green bird together
like that so put all your glam it's 10 to yeah and the macarena and some lies I thought
that they're booing grower and they're cheering bush like it was like they just put
what's his name from the WWF the rock up on their the screen well what is that what the hell is that
that's it it was like somebody reached inside and just told my a stopper this out
we're gonna have Randy roads on tomorrow oh seriously he's gonna be on with Bob the boxer I can
imagine what earth we're gonna be doing
for 3D on 560 W2A M I have he put longer than a easily one at the root station WQAM.com
with a world of weapons
so right wing stole the election from baby but my last chance for me to be David Boy
David Boy
talk about David Boy
David Boy
I have to birth will now be the leader of the world thank you Gaby Harris
yes little girl yes crazy boy I'm my age boy
I have to tell me a day that will call them she will make some lethal noise
talk about the human boy
talk about the human boy
talking boy
ref order
It's the 1.02.05.6.
We have a 2.02.
I'm happy Thursday, too.
The rider truck.
Do you see what that rider truck looked like?
It looks just like a rider truck, to me.
Yeah.
Had all the imbalance in there and it was big and those steel
or things and those bins.
It looked like a big rider truck with a bunch of balance in it
on the way to telehascies, but it looked like to me.
I think it was a little bit of a problem.
How's that pericom in the Neilham's?
You asked.
You support the Ford Legislature's plan to support
22.25 electives for both.
No, no, no.
We don't know why, but we want them in there.
Because they know what you're trying to do.
Okay, well at least you're honest about it.
Here's Ford Waterdale. Hello.
How you doing, Neil?
I'm watching the motorcade right now.
This is just like OJ all over again.
They're showing it on the turnpike right now.
Can you believe this?
Watercade for who?
The rider truck with the FHP.
Oh, you're getting me.
No.
Anyway, Lutit will grow the plastic for Cleveland Browns back in the 60s.
Yeah, 50s.
And the early 60s, yeah.
And the early 60s, anyways, yeah, great kicker.
Yes, he was.
Anyway, and he came from the era back in those days
when the play-skick was also used to play defense.
When I was a real top factor.
When they were position players, not just, you know.
Actually, in that Lutit, I'm a paramedic.
And when I was in Ohio, he actually wrote in there.
He got sick and we got the pleasure of taking it off.
Anyway, Seminole County.
Yeah.
We don't hear it.
I mean, we heard, we have heard people talking about it.
But all the legal experts seen it yesterday.
This might be their ace in the hole for the yet-down the crash.
Really?
Because there was a legal.
Those, those, I don't know if anybody already realized this,
but those were already rejected.
And you think happening here is his repulses.
Did you see the Republican...
Sandrid Gourd?
Oh my god.
Now, he looks like he's really a good...
And she said that she would have done the same thing to the Democrats.
Yeah, right.
Does that money...
We're trying to...
And she said that all the time.
What he just said?
Yeah, he said he's a piece of...
Yeah, here's something.
Somebody sends me an absentee battle request.
Yeah, but at least he's staying out of trouble.
You know, he's in hiding now.
Staying out of the way, which is just what he's going to do.
He had it in with.
Now, they don't want him in there.
They want to keep him in the back.
He's just...
You know something?
When they made comparisons with him and Reagan, I used to laugh.
Because at least Reagan was good.
He was the movie actor.
Remember, I used to laugh as well.
He presented them well.
He came across like he really knew something.
He didn't.
So they're good up there.
But...
That's face men.
They're face men.
Anybody doesn't know what that is.
I guess you never had good face.
560-560-050-560 on the 18-3 in Verizon Wireless Line.
Did numbers change during that count process
as has been alleged by these observants?
That is correct.
They did a manual inventory precinct by precinct of the ballots
that had been ejected by the machine as undervoted ballots.
Some of those ballots had actually gone through the manual recount process.
No, we don't want to win on too much of that.
It'll stir some like the Randy Roadshow.
She had Boba Boxer on?
Yeah, yesterday, maybe forever that.
And...
And nothing. She's just going nuts up there.
She's flipping out over this whole thing.
Who is Randy?
Let me answer one question.
Seriously, what's wrong with you?
Well...
Here's Miami. Hello?
Miami?
Hello?
Okay, they're gone.
They just passed out when they heard that.
Here's the mobile and double-aid beach.
All right, where else?
Yes, sir.
How are you doing to that?
Okay.
My question very, very fairly, because I'm not on other side.
Do you want?
Prior to the election, we have statutory requirements to cover everything from the deadlines
to what constitutes a valid ballot.
From the grave to the...
And all it says, all it says was in place prior to the election.
And then it changed it after the election.
It changed it.
What? To change what?
Well, like the deadlines for certification.
What constitutes a valid ballot?
No, I hate to read that out loud.
I hate to read that out loud.
We also have what is called a contest.
I mean, it's done through the courts.
It's legal. It's not the first time.
You can have the certification, but then it's challenged in the courts.
It's called the contest.
And the contest is going on right now.
Well, and I'm cool with doing the contest and doing all the stuff for everything.
Yeah.
I'm saying, however, however, you do have a very good point.
And of course, the states write people like Bob Novak
that not you was on your last night saying,
oh no, we don't want to change the way we voted.
It's up to the states and it's even up to the individual counties.
They like it because it allows them to do all their hanky-panky.
But the fact is that here it's supposed to be so important to have an election.
And now we're still arguing about the standards for counting your votes.
How come it's not already specified, Ryspa?
You know, specifically in the law.
Just like the thing with the absentee overseas ballot.
How can we not have that specifically in the law?
It just...it just vodels the mind.
That this is supposed to be so important.
And we're supposed to get so ripped up into a frenzy bottle,
which most of us, I guess, still are for what reason I don't know.
But we are because they told us it's important, just like alien.
And this is all written down in granite.
How can that be?
Oh, you should have heard Novak last night.
Just the usual with the teeth, you know, with the Dracula teeth, over the overbite.
Killing on about all this is great in the even the individual counties.
Yeah, these are the states' rights people,
except when a state Supreme Court, of course, comes down with a ruling they don't like.
Then they attack them. They're a bunch of communists.
They're all over the goddamn place.
Dimples and pimples and chads and bull crap.
And this is the way I have a election.
At least the oppression has been very weak in my opinion over the last day.
This two-dissolved thing, very, very weak.
Somebody evidently put something in his retina.
But at least he, you know, said, you're right.
We got to change the way to whoever asked the question, the way that we vote.
It has to be brought up. We're in the Stone Age.
This is the dog and pony show.
And the wagon's broken down.
I hear Bob Novak's going to be taken over.
Well, Alexander Hagen, feeling good, so Novak's coming in.
He's going to say, I'm in charge now.
Nine minutes after a reddit of five, 60, W to Qion.
Everybody's talking about his decision, 2000.
And now here's your chance.
He won a piece of history with his musicals they do, our own door, saying, Leslie Gourd.
It's my party. I recount the dog wanted.
Re-count the dog wanted. Re-count the dog wanted.
To recount to you if you thought you would be used.
It's all a piece. George is from the grass.
George is from the grass. George is from the grass. George is from the grass.
That's a three-part walnut root for me.
That's what I got toys for.
That's what they did. All is a fool.
Then, John States tells him, I'm not giving it.
That's not so stupid. It's that weird old broker.
Yeah, it's an algorithm.
George, sitting all four of Leslie Gourd is great.
It's available now at a court.
Ruth, me, you.
Hey, double y'all. I won't be alone.
I'll go on the fear to it.
All right, number 14 at five, 60, W to Qion.
The real bad news is they're having like a little committee meeting this morning.
And the little class are doing their damnedest, but it won't do any good because they're outnumbered.
Eight to 60 in that committee.
And as a result, they're going to be making an official decision afternoon.
And they'll be signed to the delivery, special session to photos and estate legislatures to start on Tuesday.
I'm sorry, on next Tuesday.
Do you hear people say on Tuesday, or on tomorrow?
That's kind of a smart two thing.
But anyway, speaking of smart two, Barbara Holstendor, is that her name?
Nice job this, sweetheart. She let them have it.
You go, girl. She really did good.
They're all completely Democrat.
I'll say the one thing.
You know the people that are really, a new aftermath of all of this,
sticking by their guns and really telling them like it is on the dark folks.
Really? You see all the ones that interviewed?
They know what's in their best interest. They know exactly what's coming.
They don't want to take 50 giants back into the stone age.
They don't want to be drinking no more gin, crow, or gin, bean.
But the rest of the folks, it's kind of like, wow, I'm tired of this.
What time's the ball game start?
You know, I'm really pretty tired of this.
And so you're willing to just sit here right here and regard them sunshine state.
And let about your far business growing, steal a whole russian from you.
Just just hand it right over.
Here's the case to the kingdom through our governor's brother.
What a coincidence.
What a strange coincidence.
It just happens to be his brother who told him 230 in the money on election night.
While all of a network's were peeing in their pants and couldn't get it right.
He told him, don't worry, you won.
Yeah, my brother told me I won.
I got you covered.
And what did Bob and Boxer say about that?
Well, I had Diane fine-spin on for Christ's sake, huh?
You're going to have some California centers.
What should I have?
You think she had Diane fine-spin on?
Wow.
How about Harvey Milk?
Oh, it's 20-minute drive home.
I bet you're pardoned.
I can't listen for 20 minutes for the turn.
Why is that?
It takes 20 minutes to get her wanting to turn it on in the house.
Here's the lady in Bokeh.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, the man.
I want to tell you something.
I do care.
I'm not like that.
Schmuck from Boyd and Beach.
The Democrat, so quote unquote, gets that he didn't vote.
He should live in a country where they never allow him to vote again.
Is he more Cuba?
Yeah, that's all right with me.
You got the highest one.
I'll see you here myself.
Let me tell you something, Neil.
I have a say, I'm going to read you in a second that I sent to El Gore.
Yeah.
That I think your vote should do the same.
I just want to tell you something about how much I care.
It's dead jerk.
And I don't want to start using my famous four letter words.
Yeah.
If he wins.
That's all, yeah.
Thank you.
I'm going to go to Washington with a lot of other people.
I'm going to get dressed up and black with my boots and stand on the cold with a black outfit and a black time.
With the shadow?
To mourn the loss of democracy in America.
That's one.
Because I'm a passionate American.
I see in the newspaper near Sun Channel, it's more my pictures of people who like tape over their mouth and people from Boca.
Well, that's where I'm from.
It's pretty whipped up and I don't fire off about it.
I sent a text, an email, I was very, to El Gore.
To vice president, vice staff president at White House.
No, you don't have to read me the whole.
Well, I just want you to know the address for your people at White House, that's got your ale.
People about here.
But sure they do.
No deal.
They do.
They don't.
The area out there.
I think they're the air wingers.
It's always been that way.
They're the ones that I really whipped up to a friend.
The rest of the people are beaten down.
They don't get it.
Can I read this?
Go ahead.
Here, Al.
Yeah.
We're with you.
My vote is in that rider truck on the turnpike and I want to count it.
We're proud of you for fighting for all of our votes to be counted.
From Farn in Boca Raton, Florida.
And your people should get in touch.
There's an email.
They can text.
They've got to show the support.
I did it.
I got rid of Nixon and I will tell you something.
Did you do that?
Yes, I did.
I used to be on a direct line to that judiciary committee.
Nice going, friends.
I believe me.
I'm very frightened and I'm very depressed.
Well, I got my passport.
I'm sitting on a way down.
I'll tell you something.
Funny.
I just got a new informant.
Good, good.
And I wasn't planning on a trip.
But I've got it ready.
And, you know, I wish it had George as he can retrieve a fact that I sent to him last week about my conspiracy theory when this all started.
Yeah.
I have a sitting wife already read it.
What do you think about it?
I think you can get in the little carry-away but your heart's in the right place.
Okay.
Okay, good luck, friends.
Thanks.
Let him have it.
Stick it to him.
5, 6, 7, 8, I do have it right back here.
I have to do a read that.
How do you like that?
You know the one I'm talking about is sitting right up there.
When you put it on his phone's on and what it means.
George did it.
Don't play me.
All of it.
We just got this and George W. Bush said if he is a writer that all the green two students will be going back week from Monday.
So I go through the show.
You see, they never know what side they're always on the wrong side.
They just always think that their butter is buttered on the wrong house echo.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Joe Constell says he don't care.
As long as they still have auto racing, he doesn't give a crap.
That's what he said.
He says, as long as we got NASCAR, who needs some president, has lots of NASCAR.
Oh yeah.
Lots and lots of NASCAR, lots of Rednecks.
If W gets in there, try to get him big of them all his buddies down.
We'll watch Old Dick trickle.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Yeah, Neil.
Are you here, Ben?
I'm doing.
Okay.
I haven't heard this yet, but I heard it on a skewer.
You know, I picked over on a new show.
If they Bush saw this court trap out long enough to where the electors get done by the legislature
or whatever, and he is said to be the president of the leg.
January 20th comes and he gets sworn in.
Yeah.
He's the president.
Uh-huh.
Then somewhere down the road, the Walter Journal or a political science department from a major
university, he wants me to ask the board of directors.
Yeah, somebody like me, I've got the Freedom Information Act and gets the ballots and counts
them.
He won't make any difference.
The only thing he'll do is make it even more impossible for him to govern in the public or
hate him like poison, and it'll show very clearly that the story election and that's all.
That's all that we'll do.
Exactly.
I think people will be a little upset if they're headlines saying bastard presidents go
really win.
Yeah, and what about if there's a headline that says, well, Bush turned out to have knocked
up some woman and had an abortion for back in 1971.
It's not going to change anything.
Then we can waste another $70 million and have some more hearings.
Let's put another special prosecutor.
Let's get Ken Starr's liberal counterpart out there.
What do you say?
I'll introduce you with.
He'd be good.
I'll make him a special prosecutor.
He ain't got an OJ trial going on right now.
560-560, 560.
What's about Frank and Sam?
That the Supreme Court should use its power to do so, which of course would end it and probably
mean that George W. Bush would be certified in Florida.
So why clarify that for me in relationship to the legislature in Florida?
What the poor people are saying is that the Constitution, the U.S. Constitution, could, and
they're not making it a clear statement, but could, in fact, prohibit the state legislature
from what it's considering right now.
I'm coming up with its own slate of electors.
They're saying that Article 6 of the Constitution, which says that it is the U.S. Constitution
that is the Supreme law of the land, could preempt the state from doing that.
So what could happen if the Supreme Court can preempt everything?
The hand recount.
Now this action on the part of Florida legislators.
I suppose that's why they call it the nation's court of last resort.
That is exactly the role that was envisioned.
How do you like that, huh?
You support the Florida legislature's plan to appoint 25 electors for Bush's or poor
question today on eoranges.com.
We have 222 votes already, 222, which is a total of 666.
149 say, and 73 say, about two thirds to a third, which is pretty sad.
What is the Article 6 say?
You've got a third of the U.S. Constitution.
Yeah, I'll read you into it.
Now let's call a part of a box and have everybody to us on the phone.
Come on.
I guess some boxer, after the Illinois, he can read pretty good in some language.
How'd I make it?
Yeah, he'd be good.
And he out now and he back in.
He may be in or he out.
Okay, what does it say?
What you want me to start at the beginning?
Well, how long is it for?
If I could go to all of that to let it go into paragraphs, then it's not too long.
With R1, it starts with debt.
I'll skip that part.
Yeah, please skip that part.
It's been two days.
That's been a lot of 89 days, which shall be made in pursuit of fair revenue.
All treaties made, or shall be made under the authority of the United States shall be
the Supreme Law of the Land of the Judges and every state.
Shall be bound thereby.
Anything, anything was capitalized.
Yeah.
Anything in the Constitution or laws of any states to the contrary, notwithstanding.
What does that mean?
That means that federal laws can't be superseded by state laws.
Right.
Yeah.
So in other words, I guess what they're saying is that I don't know.
It's going to take somebody really, really sharp.
Like I say, I'll induce you with.
Get him on the case.
Let's get him on the phone.
What do you say?
No.
No.
How about OJ?
Here's a lady in Miami.
Hello.
Hello, ma'am.
Yes, ma'am.
No, I'm angry that the Republican Party is getting away with this.
I'm a proud that the people don't even realize that their own repower, which is voting, is being
trashed.
Uh-huh.
And what I think that we have to do for the future is to make sure that they don't do it again.
And by that, we have to make sure that those machines are banned from Florida, that we get
a things standard ballots for the entire state, and that come a election time, we get rid
of these Republicans in the legislature.
No more paper ballots.
No more paper ballots.
No more paper ballots.
No more paper ballots.
And the same ballot standards for everybody in this state.
In fact, I think what we're going to do is we're going to bring up pictures of Joan Crawford.
Remember no more wire hangers?
Yes.
And we're going to use her picture in the next meeting.
And we're going to put no more paper ballots right in front of her poster and have her be
disposed lady to make sure that we don't have to go through this garbage again.
That's a good one here because as soon as we can't get screwed again on the only way is by doing these things in the future.
So people should not be now just saying, okay, it's over and give up.
Right.
Let's get with it.
Let's get with it for the future.
Okay.
Thanks.
I guess she's not going to get screwed again to the Joan Crawford.
What do you think?
You think she was a bull back?
How about TNS Masamacho, Paula Negre or Joan Crawford?
You remember who Paula Negre was right before your time?
Yeah, but the right spot she was all right.
She was married to a Rudolph Valentino.
You know about him.
He was all the way up.
So she...
TNS Masamacho, Justin Timberlake or Rudolph Valentino.
That's a good poll question for one day later.
Maybe next week.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
It's just for conversation.
Take it's not really important, but it's just for conversation.
People's standards can be then argued to be disregarded and improper.
And by doing that, do you think that no matter how this goes, that the U.S.
Supreme Court is doing a favor of sorts to the next president by adding some legitimacy to the idea that he would take office?
Whoever they are would think.
Without a doubt.
But the court has to be careful here.
The court has to try and speak with as much consensus as it can.
And I think it will.
Because not only conservative justice and care about the proper reading of the text of the Constitution,
but also the liberal justice as well.
And we have seen in past opinions that Justice Stevens, Justice Souter and other members of both sides of the wings of the court
have had a special affinity for protecting the national interests.
And we have a national interest here.
And that is the integrity of the presidential election.
And that integrity will be enhanced if the court speaks with as close to one voice as possible,
saying that Article II Section 1 of the Constitution gives the state legislature the final word on this.
They had established procedures that needed to be followed.
Those procedures were followed and pursuant of those procedures George Bush received.
Oh, you need some majority of that.
I'm Bush, look, you're okay.
26th after a letter, I wish I would have known that right up front.
26 past the hour, 560 WDQM.
The Neil Rogers show, New Sports Radio, 560.
You, a half.
I'm going to tell you something seriously.
The media not only is sick, but most of them belong in jail.
Most of you people in the media belong behind bars.
Every few minutes they keep cutting to a picture of that guy named Ryder Truck on the turnpike,
speeding it's way along, and the gals is, well, where are those people going?
What are they running from?
It's a ballots, baby.
It's the frickin' ballots in a Ryder Truck.
You better get with the program.
We don't have time to be potting while we're on the Southern crap.
We got to have our eyes glued around this garbage.
It looked for Joe Costello in the QAM van, which will not be speeding up the turnpike,
but it will be at the corner of fines in university and premp of fines in the Hooters parking lot.
From moon to two today, your chance to get the best in the merchandise.
We got about, uh, what I got, over 60 grand, 60, one something like that.
We certainly hope we can do over 100 for a plan period of this year.
There's absolutely, uh, no reason why we shouldn't.
That's the meal teacher, CDs, and cassette, and those keychains, which I got news for, they're fast running out there a few of that a hundred left.
So if you want to get yours, you can do it without even having to go to newroggies.com and wait.
You can get it right on your hand today in the keychain, too, and all that good stuff.
Just go see the QAM van, moon to two, corner of fines in university, right by the Hooters parking lot,
and see the lovely Joe Costello.
560, 560, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon line.
Here's the call from P Ryan. Hello.
You know what's up, buddy? How you doing?
All right. I'm pissed off again, but I tell you what.
I got a message to the QAM van, will you let me say it then? I won't curse anything.
Yeah. Listen, the QAM van is setting up punishments for what we did there, you know, right?
So that's dark for a time here for Ryan. We don't...
I was just thinking about that.
That was great. That was dynamite.
Not a good idea to let go on the O-Witch I didn't, but that was great.
Oh, man.
Not every day in P Ryan. Yeah, that's just an everyday event. What's the big deal with that?
560, 705, 60, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon.
Not totally those charges got to right together, man. They know what the... they know their crap.
Here's a mobile in broken. Hello.
Oh, yeah. Yes, sir.
Big gorgeous border. I'm sick of this fault.
My main concern was that the security first nominations were gone, but...
The more I think about it, the better. Even the more I think about it, everything's going to be like judge's board.
I was getting someone appointed.
I also got a bunch of conservative judges on there.
I'd even went by the center.
But hopefully I'm not in the ball, but it doesn't matter because they have to be useful.
A point, he has to be concerned with the center, right?
All right. Okay. Thank you. Okay. Get to CNN and I think we're now starting to get those good calls.
Balops inside that truck and...
Yeah, I can't stand it. They keep showing the goddamn Ryder truck.
I'm going to say it again. It looks just like a Ryder truck to me.
But in a minute now, they're going to talk to the driver.
They're going to call a radio station he's listening to.
Yeah. And you know something? I'm going to give you 20 guesses as to who the...
Here's the first clue who the driver is. Oh, man.
Yeah. Wouldn't that be something? And he's got a gun to his head.
And he's got his passport and $10,000 in cash.
And he knows riding shotguns.
Oh, he's got that.
Oh, my God. The Ryder truck.
Let me say it again. If you wonder why the American public is as dumb as they are,
look no further than your television set.
You don't have to look any further. Just turn it on and stare into it for like five seconds or less.
And that'll tell you right there. You'll be able to hear it.
Yeah. Where are we going here?
Over in Fort Waterdale. Hello?
Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir.
How you doing? I got a good laugh with the cell on the corner down there in Miami.
Anyway, I wanted to ask you a couple questions.
What about these canvassing boards like in Miami-Dade County and in Palm Beach County?
Uh-huh. This Theresa LePore.
I don't know much about these people.
Why would it sound about the easy fainter during a life's recount?
The lady on the canvas in Florida has been as a high up guy in the Republican Party.
I mean aren't these the real people that we should be focusing on?
Why did they stop this recount?
You know, why in Palm Beach County?
The lady on the canvassing board, Kaelor Gordon, you're talking about?
Yeah, yeah. He's not a Republican.
No, she's a Democrat.
She's a Democrat, but on CNN they had some kind of a little kind of insight into urban.
Her husband is a Republican. High up in the Republican Party.
Yeah.
And they said that they said that he could have been a conflict of interest for her to vote in favor of that recount.
And I just, you know, a lot of the stuff that went on, I think, in the past couple of weeks,
was these canvassing boards had such an important role.
And I don't know very much about these people.
That Theresa LePore up in Palm Beach County.
You know, she designed this ballot.
And then she set a standard for counting the ballots that almost like justified her mistake.
Like only has two hundred percent of the votes.
Yeah.
Well, we got 200 ballots that were, you know, that were not, you know, that properly.
So I was a little bit concerned about that.
And wondering who counts the ballots if they're going to get recounted.
Some judges up in town, half the year, who appoints them?
Well, they get counted.
And they're going to have to go ahead and count if they're going to count all of them.
Which how they're going to do that.
They have to bring in people that call special masters.
They count them.
Well, they can't, they can't.
And they can't.
And they can't.
And they can't.
And they can't.
And they can't.
And they can't.
And they can't.
And they can't.
And they can't.
And they can't.
And they can't.
And they can't.
And they can't.
And if Bush was one, he'd be on his way to San Joseh.
If something showed him where it was and it would be all over with, and we can go on again back to the soap opera first.
and life would be a fine.
Or if girl would have won, whatever.
And look at this.
Who asked for these ballots to be brought up there so that they could be getting it as disposal?
I don't know which is making me weaker.
Last night at the hockey game when they put the pictures up there
and the crowd was booing, going, and shearing for Bush like it was a movie star
or watching this goddamn freaking stupid ass Ryder truck
but really it's in Christmas day.
On these Caledity ballots on the Royal Hill.
Oh the docks on there.
Just in case the driver has like, you know, a little odd to get some good.
Wonder if they're going to stop like it.
You think they're going to be stopping at the turn-by-toe plant of the food plaza?
Probably.
Yeah. Maybe they'll get some of those mother humberies little.
Some of those little, some of those little fields cookies.
By the way, that was your cost.
It just needs one on the air. I just thought I'd mention that.
Just in case you couldn't tell the flavor.
How are you going to get to hooter is by noon if you're pot-skying along by it back there?
Did you run around and dickin' like, just like Pat Quinn about this,
it's made for Leafs to say they like to dick around.
And that's what Joe is doing back there. He's dickin' around and in the meantime he should be...
You better get your Ryder truck mister and get on the way to Los Angeles day right now.
Look at this. Still on the goddamn turn-by.
They still keep showing it.
I got news for you. If they were going to pay me $50,000 a minute, I wouldn't let's see an in-minute on this show.
Oh no, we won't in there. We won't. Yeah.
You all want to hear what things people have to say. Believe me.
I don't want to hear it. I'm getting paid for it, but I don't want to hear it.
21 before noon at 560 WDQM, hey Winner-Free Career, that's right.
A true fast train is going to be given away a complete Microsoft certified systems engineer program.
The winner will receive the complete Microsoft education track, all its aims, even job placement.
To register with a www.fasttrain.net, depending on your qualifications, this contest could put over 250 grand in your pocket during the next five years.
Fast train is outflowed as top career networking education center.
They can provide you the train to become a Microsoft certified systems engineer.
The average NCSC is earning 67, 5 a year, and that's a folks making 20 more than that.
Fast train offers you convenient day evening and weekend classes, so when you think computer training, think fast train with convenient offices both in date and Howard counties.
Change your life right now. Get the information as absolutely more obligation.
Call 877-98 train. You can call them right now as I speak.
877-98 train or just take a look at their website, www.fasttrain.net.
This is 560-2-A-F.
What's going to be a pizza sh**?
What's going to be a pizza sh**?
What's going to be a pizza sh**?
What's going to be a pizza sh**?
The rich oil pack that is also paying junkie.
Let's be caught and do it all I can't pay for it.
He's gonna give us breath, a bunch of people go on a drink.
It's also confusing with dogs back.
We can't find you left. She is just as prepared.
We're looking all over and it's still like this.
Hey, Georgie, do you hear me?
Where's your left? She's going.
Are you afraid that you'll find out that you've been all fast?
You were all rich, college, middle, token party, and you can pitch
what's the decision that's good.
But I'll switch it like you. You can hire a judge.
You can donate cash when the end of the speech has changed.
What's going to be a pizza sh**?
What's going to be a pizza sh**?
You have to explain to me what's going to be a pizza sh**.
Georgie, do you hear me? The pizza sh**.
What's going to be a pizza sh**?
What's going to be a pizza sh**?
What's going to be a pizza sh**?
Georgie, do you hear me? The pizza sh**.
Number 45 is 560 WQM.
I just want to give a little notice here.
I don't want to sound like a butcher boss.
But all you assholes that were with the Macaroon last night
was the hockey game that we're cheering for George W in the produce picture.
He just shot the Macaroon and the next time he pulled out crap
and Peter Wohl was going to kick the crap out of here.
I guarantee he ain't no bush man.
Five's only Canadian hate voting here anyway.
But I guarantee he ain't no bush liquor.
Five 670560, 0560 on the 18th Canadian Verizon wireless line.
You see basically what his boss down to is they know they lost
and they will do anything in their power to prolong and stall
and run out the clock and keep the votes from being counted.
And just in case if they ever do get counted,
they want to make it a move point.
So the legislature can get together and say,
oh, well that's pimples and pimples and pimples.
And it's all about the baloney.
And he just wants to keep counting until he gets that.
So we're just going to give the 25 electors to W.
And Jebel put his nice signature on here.
And Catherine will be the ambassador.
And everybody will have a big smile on their purse.
The state of Florida, the Republican government of this state,
is stealing the presidential election in this state
and of this country right before you rise.
And new people are sitting back to go out of the room.
Yeah.
Just on the end.
And we're getting indignant the fact that countries around the rest of the world
are pointing at us and calling us a banana republic.
I think they got their thumb on it if you actually.
Here's Kendall.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes sir.
Neil, how are you doing?
Okay.
I got to agree with everything you've been saying.
It's 100% correct.
And one question I want to ask you.
Where is our mayor at all of this?
Where is our mayor?
He's on a honeymoon with David Leigh.
This is unbelievable.
This guy has not made a statement about anything.
He hasn't come out and made any declaration regarding whether or not you agree or...
Well, you understand why he don't want to offend those 75% of his countrymen
that voted for Bush.
You do understand that, even though he's supposed to be a Democrat.
Well, but this is...
I mean, he disappeared when Go over campaigning down here.
You know, vacation.
And we haven't seen him since he's still alive.
He's busy sticking pins in his janirino voodoo doll.
Unbelievable.
But, um, he had said a washroom and on last night, along with the guy who's the representative,
who's on Speaker of the House.
And he's gone.
Yes, from last night.
How can you override the people's votes?
You're going to go back to your district and say, yes, we made the decision for you.
But your vote got count.
Right.
It's unbelievable what they're trying to do.
And you made a statement before.
They've asked you in the election right before.
I like in broad daylight.
I mean, count those votes.
The temple, I don't care.
Whatever it is.
And let me say it again.
They just got through with every count in Texas for a Republican candidate there who lost.
And every Diffle Ballack got counted.
He still lost.
But every Diffle Ballack got counted.
Well, in Texas, I think it would have to be two in the back of it.
Yeah, that's...
You know, whatever it was, it was better.
There was a lot of them.
They talked about it.
Yeah, that's true.
Hey, Neil, thank you very much and keep it up.
Okay, good luck to us.
Okay.
I'll see you on the plane.
I'll see you at the airport, sweetheart.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 0, 5, 60.
And the fact that this pearl that we're taking here today, which always amazes me,
and these people are serious.
This isn't one or the other.
They just want to piss me off.
They're serious.
They'll take it anywhere they can get it.
And the election, too.
They want it.
Well, they don't care about you or anybody else.
No, they just want it.
They want it.
They want it.
They still are fair and square.
And they're going to get it.
And if this is what they have to do, they get it.
Fine.
Let's just let you go ahead and see what the Jeb put his name on it.
Let me say it again.
I got news for you, Jeb.
Still, I don't care what these pearls say.
Jeb Bush is as dead as a donate politically.
He is finished.
He may have never been in Hell's Niki like I've been, but he's finished.
Done.
As Joey Reynolds would say, stick a fork in him.
How's Joey doing?
Let's get him on here.
Just right after Bob the boxer.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5.
See, I just, I don't know about you, but I'm just tired of hearing all these things.
Because it's so predictable, so I said, Mark West's name for Montana.
But don't tell me why I don't want to know what his name is.
Because I didn't know it before all of this.
Why should I know it now?
Because he's going to be the new secretary.
I hear what he's going to be.
He's an asshole.
Yeah.
He's a piece of crap.
No, he's going to be the attorney general, I thought.
Oh, sorry.
Isn't there a colon power going to be the secretary of state?
No, no, no.
No, Augustine.
He's going to be the secretary of defense and Condoleezor.
She's going to be a condescending.
Condoleezor, the token sparcer.
And the chigger and the wood parlor, who the hell are they?
Can, why don't you say they'd like to meet one of close?
Not too close.
Maybe she gave W.O. what one?
Here's a mobile at Homestead.
Hello.
Neil, I don't know if anyone's mentioning this or not, but the three people on the Canvassing Board in Bay County,
one of them was a lady, a nice-looking dark-haired woman who happened to be in Orthodox Jew.
And one of the reasons they refused to tell was because she said she would not tell.
On the Sabbath, which I guess begins at sundown Friday.
Oh, boy.
And goes to sundown Saturday, and that's a fact.
Michael Litzikoff, I think he worked for Newsweek, Rhymer, something.
Newsweek.
He said that I wanted to be cable TV shows about two weeks ago.
And it's kind of interesting, whenever you hear one of them say something within a half hour, it's on all of them,
but no one repeated that, and that is a fact.
Isn't that pathetic?
Now I tell you, they even worked on Thanksgiving.
They worked around the clock, morning, noon, and night, once they got going, they wrapped it up.
The gay judge said, here's the totals, it's all over, here you go.
And nobody's even talking about Broward anymore, because they got it done with almost a half a million votes.
I think over half a million votes.
But when it's a clock, me, they comment about the lady being in Orthodox Jew.
Yeah.
He mentioned the fact about how ironic it was that Gore appeared to put Lieberman on the ticket to attract a certain type of woman.
And here we have 3,000 Jews vote for Papu Canaan.
We got Orthodox Jew in the big county of Screwing them out of the election.
That was what that's just a cop.
What did I tell you about those Orthodox Jews?
Beware.
Beware of the evil Mississa.
Have a great day.
Thanks for the bad news.
So that's the woman that I was talking.
See, I wasn't here during that period of time.
And that part of it didn't make it on CNN International or domestic or anything else at least what I saw.
I missed it.
Well, I mean, I, not that I was sitting in the apartment around the clock watching CNN.
I hope you do understand that because we're watching a lot of music videos.
And there were a few minutes every now and then I was out of the apartment.
Yeah.
Of waiting out of this being like a plague.
Come on, bring the keys over someday.
Just fire them under the door.
We don't want to see it, but just bring the keys.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60.
And do not call please on the AT&T and provide them wireless lines.
We'll be talking to Diane Feinstein next time.
We're going to have to have former Senator George Montgomery on the air, losing presidential candidate in 1972.
Then we're going to be talking to former president Jimmy Carter.
And then we're going to be having Dick Cheney or some other Dickens going to be on in the room at two hours.
It's going to be great.
And they have a lot of talking heads with being all the same crap that you've been hearing over and over and over again until you just want to keep your guts out.
Until if you ever see them again, it'll be too soon.
Here's Fort Myers.
Hello.
Any oil?
Yes, sir.
I see things I want to talk about.
The process is going on now.
I think there's enough time for everything to go.
And it's in the Supreme Court now, which is going to, I think, be protection against the Florida legislature.
But you mentioned Bill Press.
Did you see Press and Tucker Carlson?
That is the worst show in the history of mankind.
Bill Press, when he gets on that show, what do they call it?
That is 11 o'clock.
I think it was a game.
You have the spin room.
You have to spin his way into a closed-wire or something.
Get out of our face.
He becomes a real pussy on that show.
He doesn't stand up for anything at all.
He just loves the other than that fascist with a bow tie one right over him.
Well, that's fun.
He's kind of weird looking.
He's kind of like a George Will.
A younger George Will with no credentials but a smile on his face.
Oh, Tucker Carlson?
Yeah.
But you know what?
George Will, you know this may shock you, but right to calm that's in the one of the papers this morning.
George W. is the choice of the people.
And of course, you know that he would say that.
But I just found the headline so bizarre.
Because first of all, he lost the popular vote by a third of a million votes.
He stood behind in the electoral vote until he figured out what's happening here.
And yet somehow George will.
Leave it to him to figure out that George W.
He's the choice of the American public.
That's weird because I saw George Will a month or two or three weeks before the election stating just how bogus Bush was.
Yeah.
Actually on that morning program.
I thought it was quite hard to believe.
He must have been off his feed that day.
Well, I don't know what Bush has done.
Maybe there comes one again there.
We can find something in May or May or May or May.
Yeah.
But anyway, Dr. Carlson said something that I couldn't believe pressed and followed.
Each compared this Republican siege on that election office in Miami-Dade with the American colonial patriots bossing Tea Party.
Did you hear that?
No.
He did.
I find that incredible.
Yeah.
But that's the way they look at things.
I think you're more likely to find those right where you're in the tea room than the Tea Party.
Yeah.
All right.
Have a good day.
Don't worry about this thing.
I think it's going to come out.
And it ends in probably a little bit.
Yeah.
Life would go on.
Yeah, man.
Okay.
Yeah.
Don't you think you'll find some of them that's the tea dance?
I don't know.
Like that one that was in the ex-gay guy that was in that bar.
Well, we don't want to talk about that because it's embarrassing, you know.
Because they all run into my protein to be something that they're not.
Straight.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
0, 5, 60 on the AT&T and for the rise of the bar.
Let's think about what the beard's in.
Well, makers believe they need to do.
Instead, the track of the campaign is on two directions.
First, the legal battle that's underway in Florida.
And that's really the...
Well, here's the way, facts.
Stop telling us there's nothing we can do.
You need to figure out what can be done and talk about it.
Everything you've been saying has been true.
Add a little more substance to this observation.
The people who support the Democrats don't know what they can do.
What can I do?
What can I do?
Be a man.
Stop it in a face.
Eddie and Pemberpine are going to slap you in the face, Eddie.
Be a man.
That's what you can do.
Like Al Martino.
And then when you're finally horses head, enjoy its W's bed.
That'll change his team and hurry.
We don't have the organization to be...
be put into existence in the public and party.
Like the moment it's suggested writing a letter.
Well, what's writing a letter of support going to do?
What is that going to accomplish?
Is that going to influence the court?
No.
Is that going to change the law?
No.
It's just continuing to announce injustice without any recourse of memories.
You're having the equation.
Okay, Eddie, I'll just stop talking about it.
Will that make you happy?
Okay, let's talk about the hockey games last night.
About the least-long and five-nothing-ream-the-third period.
About the past, they're sticking the joint out.
And leaving Trevor Kid defenseless.
I mean, I don't need to talk about this.
I don't have some compelling driving needs.
Although I will continue to do so.
But I don't have any answers.
I'm not going to sit here and lie and pretend to be some...
Like Mike Sligel, be some jackass on the radio with the microphone
who's got the answers to our problems.
I know expert on elections.
In fact, neither any of you.
Neither any of these people on television.
They still are debating you're furiously about this thing
about the legislature and the US Supreme Court
and who's got the last laugh and who's got the upper hand
and the sitar and so on.
So I say we all just sit back, do we like a clearance promise?
So let us hope you have a big fat one and relax.
That's my best suggestion to me.
That's the best I can do.
This is 560-CWM-430-0560.
WQAM by Happy Fourth Lauderdale.
A measly blood-happle group of HM-WQAM.com.
Or the world.
You're out of plastic.
Power-tapp is on the run.
America, a car was stolen every 12 seconds.
What can you do to protect your car?
Extensive car alarms system won't protect your car from being stolen.
The car will protect the valuables inside your car.
But a big black guy named Ben Chan.
Get away from the car of motorbikes.
For less than you pay for an expensive car alarm system
and even less than you pay for the club,
you can get a big black guy named Ben to protect your automobile.
Get away from the car of a car.
It's simple to use.
Just leave the big black guy named Ben in your car whenever you get out.
And he does the rest.
Whenever anyone gets within 60 to your car, Ben simply gets out of the car and tells Ben.
Get away from the car of a car.
Listen to these testimonials from people who use a state black guy named Ben.
It's always nice to have someone to ride with, although he really does have the same must.
Get away from the car of a car.
That's not it.
I didn't get a big black guy named Ben to chat with.
He got into protect my car.
It's the best investment I've ever made.
My name is Adiz and I create.
There's been a lot of car thefts.
I can't tell you how many times I've started to work from the car of motorbikes.
Knowing that I've got a big black guy named Ben, protecting my car,
let's me sleep better at night.
Go now.
1-800-1-bit-guide.
That's 1-800-1-DIG-G-U-I.
And instead of hearing this,
you'll hear this.
Get away from the car of a car.
Oh, there you go.
For the legislature, approve the special session.
It's like I told you, Dundee, or Tuesday, they're going to be having a special session.
They're getting ready to put in all the appeasings of the president in the right place
so they can coordinate with W.
And the jet can sign off on and say,
see, I told you, what were you worried about?
5-5-5-7-0-5-60-0-5-60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
I got 302 votes in our poll already.
Finally, some of the people are beginning to understand the imminent.
Several things people began to realize what this is all about.
They're counting on the courts.
They think that these various lawsuits in Leon County and the Florida Supreme Court
and the US have been going,
they think that's what the video's going to be.
But the fact is that the Florida legislature is standing by just in case they're needed
and probably they will be to make sure that they're going to be driving the getaway car.
Not seeing not the one that we're seeing in our fairy five minutes there.
They got the MITRE truck on the turnpike.
They're going to be driving the getaway car with the keys to the kingdom.
32 votes.
Do you support the Florida legislature's plan to appoint 25 electors for George W. Bush?
210, say, oh, and 92, say, 70% to 30%.
So in embarrassing number of people out there who are willing to just overturn,
just take away all the rights from over six million Florida voters and say,
okay, all you legislators, you Republican legislature, put W in because that's what we want.
A Florida dis audience. That's enough to make you want to put your guts out.
Here's Berk, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Two points.
You look at George W. on television and you say,
this is a guy who would turn around and face down somebody like Krushchev.
I think that he even, even on Krushchev once.
I know.
I mean, really a strong image.
But the other reason why people vote for Bush, I think the Republicans came out with the best one.
We know he's stupid, but he's smart enough to surround himself with intelligent men.
Right.
And that is the biggest oxy moron.
Yeah.
And oxy, yes, moron.
That's his coming into office.
Okay, good luck to us, pal.
Thank you, baby.
Okay, maybe Krushchev will make you come back.
Thank you.
He's coming back.
No.
Well, we still got that shoot upon on the table.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 pound fine out of the shoes on the other foot.
Let's come up with all the good Krushchev.
Okay, everybody loves the good Krushchev.
Florida Legislative Committee, both so the special session, it's official.
If they decide they have to pass a statute, pass a bill,
amending the current law on selecting electors, then that would be in the former bill that would go to the governor.
Yeah, the governor could let it become law without his signature.
But that'll take seven days.
You already said you've done bad things.
You've got to call while CNN legal analyst, the entity said he's going to sign it.
You better start watching MSNBC or some real news networks, baby,
because you're like way in the behind of the times.
You already said, well, I'll sign it.
Where the hell is it?
Give me my pen.
Somebody show me where it is.
Here's the mobile and four-letter mail.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I'm listening to you for a number of years.
I want to mention something that I think might be overlooked.
In Dink County, right after the election was over,
there was numerous talk shows where people were calling in
and saying that the Cubans and the precincts that they were voting at were voting on their driver's license only.
In Brown County, while I voted, I had to show my voters registration card.
Signed the book, show ID before I got my ballot.
Okay.
Now, do the ballots in Dink County match the books that were signed.
You know, if you got 600,000 votes on ballots, you can find it.
I think there are many precincts where blacks were not...
where there were white people voting with only their driver's licenses,
but blacks were turned away who only had driver's license.
And either the names who were on the voter rolls,
they were starting to wait and we're not allowed to vote.
I just make sure that's what we're passing.
Exactly.
That happened in Dink County.
Okay.
And if the book numbers are 500,000 and 50,000, then you got 600,000 ballots.
There's a Cuban in the Wilt-Bot.
Well, you forgot about the 50,000 dead people.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
Voters for voters in Dink County.
That's the reason why that the judge up there in Caliassi
has these ballots on a wider truck from Dink County
and also Palm Beach County.
So they can lock them up, do whatever they want to do with them.
And all of a sudden, there's no voter fraud in Foward,
I mean, in Dade or Palm Beach County.
Oh, see, think that.
The judge up there was in on a tour.
Is that what you're saying?
I don't think so.
Oh, big time.
Good, Saul.
Big time.
Why, why, what makes you say that?
Because...
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
560-560, Palm 560 on the AT&T,
and Verizon Wireless Line.
I like your installs.
In fact, I think he's right.
I think we ought to count until we're slap-happings.
Here's a lady mover in Berkley.
Hello.
Hello, Will.
Yes, ma'am.
Hi.
Love your show.
I'll make this quick.
I won't repeat all my outrage.
Everybody's already set it.
I worked in a major department store at Town Center.
And I urge everyone.
I mean, I ask everyone.
And I think I found like two people that voted for Bush.
And they weren't very bright.
And they said, Jeb was first choice.
You know, but they weren't with George,
because Jeb didn't get the governor's race, Yadda Yadda,
whatever, but they're surrounding them by smart people,
and so forth.
Anyway, but my main point is,
we were ridden for everything, right?
Yeah.
I went into a craft store, bought that little emperors and tried.
I trimmed off red and white stripes
with the blue part with the stars.
And I twisted it, and I'm wearing it.
I'm a uniform at work.
I will wear that.
So, I'll go as his president.
And for four years,
we have to put up with the Bush West.
Okay, well, don't twist it too hard.
And I heard everybody forgot to go where I was.
A woman.
Yes.
Okay, I'm calling Tony Orlando, before I get off here.
Okay.
Okay, thanks.
Bye-bye.
Hey, don't forget, I went to the story with Tonya Nadi-Sister.
They had a control again down the hallway,
cranking up that music, blasting so the walls are shaking here.
Hey, the kids are in school, you assholes.
Nobody wants to hear that crap.
They're just pumping out the walls of vibrating in this place.
And don't forget, Joe Costello is all alone down there.
The QA and Van Croner Pines and University and Public Pines.
And who does parking lots of Noodle 2?
He's there.
You have a chance to get the best of the old T-shirts and CDs and cassettes.
And there's Nifty Keychains, which is less than 100 left.
There's no fag in the skirt.
Which will be real proud to have those.
So, get with it.
I think I got to crank the music down because I'm sure that our program director is not for lunch by now.
I mean, when the little hand hits the big handed moon,
that's two hours he's gone.
Trust me when I tell you.
He is gone.
You can bet your life on that.
So, don't call out, count on him to go running down the hall,
because at least there will be something that struck if he could do.
And it ain't going to happen.
Hey, shut the music down there, you assholes.
Nine minutes past noon, it's 560 WQ.
The Neil Rogers Show Sports Radio 560.
QA and...
I wouldn't believe a word, Neil Sanif,
that one was no good enough.
They were lettuce.
I don't know if you remember me.
But I was the guy whose house you said I'm wild as new.
God, I miss you.
Even though you've brought my car.
Car all my hair off.
I miss you, girl.
But what quick rest, kiddo?
Do you think you could let me know when you might last me out of this pit?
There was a few weeks left.
I'm not complaining.
Don't disunderstand me, because I loved you with all my heart.
But it didn't happen to see my mother.
She better know I'm not dead yet.
Here are lettuce.
I want to tell you that.
The guy you saw with your best friend, that one's a thief.
He kind of looked and talked just like me,
but that surely purely coincidental.
I was nowhere near that place.
I loved you too much.
You look at anyone else.
Here are lettuce.
I had a deadish de point for that day.
I was nowhere near that church.
Metal man's hotel.
I would never cheat on somebody who treats me so good.
It's all those rambies as well.
That's money.
Come on, let me out of that.
15 to 5.60 W.
If you're on the market, you're taking a precipitous guy today, man.
It was ugly.
That's my anniversary gift for you.
Remember, I'm not going to give you today for a matures.
That's my anniversary gift.
Now it's down to 06, and the NASDAQ is down to 162 points.
25, 40 something.
On the way down to 2,000.
25, 43 to be exact.
But here, it's only money.
I mean, why get excited about it?
Because it's the old economy and the new economy.
We got all these assholes on their once-e-n-b-c.
We got partners in crime.
Co-conspirators in spreading all of this crap.
It doesn't make any sense.
Peppling all kinds of worthless companies that have no earnings.
It's said about all, but this is the new economy.
Right.
Guess what?
All that changed the mind wrong.
It's the new economy.
That's the new economy.
That's the new economy, man.
That's like my greed.
560, 0560, 0560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Lines.
333 votes, which is halfway to 666.
233 said they don't support the registries you're doing their thing.
But 30%, 100 people say, yeah, we like it.
We'll take the stolen election.
We like it that way.
We're bunch of thieves to begin with.
Here's Palm Beach.
Hello.
Hello, hey Neil.
How are you?
Okay.
My thing is about Theresa look for.
Theresa look for the one that voted against the simple ballot.
And if she didn't have done that, then go over to one already.
Do we know how?
What about the voter?
About 3000 of those?
Yeah.
And then think of Theresa look for us.
She's a Democrat, but she was a registered Republican.
And what I believe is that she changed her party to be a Democrat two months before she was elected.
And that's nothing that's never in the press.
And I would like to know why the press never talks about that.
I got news for she's finished man.
Should be on it.
Should be right on the right or a truck right behind the one that's on the way to telehancey.
Good.
Good.
And another thing is I'd like the press would talk more about Martin County.
The thing that's going on in Martin County about the 500.
Yeah.
What was that?
That's what he balloted.
Just like Seminole County.
Well, these actually left the office.
They left the supervisors office.
And the Republican operatives, they've got all in those what were them.
I mean, this is just so much illegal crap going on.
And you can see how this was done.
You know, a few hundred over here and the few thousand in Seminole County.
And then we'll get a few hundred down here and got it and notice how many thousand in date.
Because they'll never figure that out.
And that's how they did it.
Well, thanks a lot for letting me talk.
I appreciate it.
Thank you.
Okay.
We'd like to ask Pam.
Good luck.
Hang on tight.
Cross your fingers.
And your legs.
Can never hurt to cross your legs.
Yeah.
And Martin County, a few hundred absentee ballots for them submitted without complete information
from voters who mailed them in from a Republican party mailing to register the Republican.
Election supervisor Peggy Robbins in Martin County let county Republican officials take home the official ballot applications, fill them in missing information and return them.
She says she didn't think her staff violated any law or did anything improper by letting the GOP complete the applications in the week before the election.
She told us through what news on Tuesday that the only applications Republicans were allowed to complete.
Well, the ones the party had provided its members under state law.
It is illegal to buy or sell absentee votes.
It's illegal to mark somebody else's absentee ballot.
It's also illegal to ask for an absentee ballot.
If you're not the voter or a member of the voters immediate family.
Democratic leaders said Wednesday there were more trouble by the GOP actions in Martin County than anywhere because the ballots left the election supervisors office.
We're very concerned about this once those ballots.
This isn't just the applications.
These are the ballots.
Once those ballot forms get into the supervisors office nobody should be allowed to touch them or take them out.
But they took them out.
I guess they were out a little bit.
Maybe let the wind blow some of those chattelers open a little bit.
It smells so bad.
And I know if you're for abortion you're wanting to take it fine.
That's okay.
You stole the fair and square.
But don't lie to us.
I mean we know that you're stolen it.
And you know it's the way it's always trying to turn it around.
All the vote people are trying to steal the election but these recap.
No, growing they're not trying to steal it.
They're trying to get it back.
Because anybody with a brain knows that he won.
He won the poppy vote.
He sure won't shoot him on the electoral college.
And he won the election.
But guess what?
Oh, I'm in the Florida.
We don't think so.
I'm acceptable.
Yeah, that's right.
It's absolutely unacceptable.
But you can't win.
We're not going to allow it.
Because we've been planning for this too long.
Just like Kessio said, you spoiled all my plans.
Remember that?
Can you get me off the hook?
Tommy?
Sorry, sorry.
I can't do it.
Here's open part.
Hello?
How do you like it?
Okay.
I'm here to show it thoroughly.
Two points I have to make.
If the shoe was on the other foot,
would you be arguing for a goal?
If the shoe was on the other foot,
would I be arguing for a goal?
What do you mean?
The main thing is that goal was to head by these 500 votes and Bush was
contesting the election and going through all these legal challenges
and all these traps.
Under the same circumstances,
thanks.
Didn't make it on the air either, Jack.
5.670560, 0.560 on the 18th,
10th, 10th, and Parasimolo's line.
See anybody who doesn't agree with you is an asshole.
That's obvious.
And all the other fellow,
these things.
You're the one that sounds like an asshole to me, pal,
because your vocabulary is extremely limited.
You know the fact that he couldn't even ask the question properly,
didn't make any sense.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
A mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah.
Grom says he wants to recount all the votes.
Yet he's only asking courts to count three counties.
Wrong.
And if wrong.
If wrong, he offered to have the whole state recounted
if the Bush people wanted to go along with it, even though,
even though the law precludes them from doing that,
he offered to weigh that.
And there he goes.
Well, you disagree.
Oh, that's right.
I disagree with him.
And I had him, he has no point.
He has no valid point.
I'm sorry I confused you with the facts.
Sorry to confuse you with the facts, sir.
It's been a pleasure these last couple of months talking all these Bush people
because they make so much sense.
Yeah.
They really understand it.
They don't confuse them with the facts.
And let me say it again, if Bush really won,
what would have been the problem with counting all the votes again?
In all the counties that had the paper ballots,
the punch card ballots, what was in the problem?
They could have done the machine recounts again in no time at all,
in all those counties, and the 28 or 30 or whatever.
I think it's 38 counties that have the paper ballots that could have recounted
every single one of them.
Because the idea is, I thought the idea was, get it right.
And how come, if this is all wrong,
how come the Republicans were asking for a recount in New Mexico again?
See, when it's simple chats and texts,
then the Republicans want those counted if it's for them.
If it's a recount in New Mexico,
where they think they might be able to get those five electoral votes,
then they want a recount if it might work for them.
But if here it's here in Florida,
let's do everything the star and storm wall and not recount,
because then we can let the clock run out.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Hello. Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, good afternoon.
Okay, it's an invitation to all of FACCAS fans to come to cut you.
Okay, invite this.
Okay, asshole.
Go look it back on the banana boat and get out of here.
567-0560, Tom 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
And how the town line is open for the entire world, so free.
877-785-6345.
You are a brisky for better shape up,
but I'm going to have Bob the Boxer on this floor in half an hour.
And then you're going to be sorry.
He's going to really give you what for.
She's going to kick your ass.
That bitch.
Here's Lake Worth. Hello.
Hey. Finally.
How you doing?
Okay.
I just wanted to give another fact to these people within the Bush people.
Yesterday on the program was either hardball or CNN who cares.
But anyway, Senator Wasserman Schultz was on there with the new minority leader of the state legislature.
And she read from the Constitution that it is illegal.
Once the vote has been certified, that you can go out and get new electoral.
You can't do it.
You know what I would do with electoral?
You know, like they want to do.
The electoral coalition of the 25 that they want to do.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You cannot do it.
And she read it to everybody on the air.
And he says, oh no, we can't overrule that.
This is what he said.
And she read it on the air.
But it doesn't make any sense to me because if you're going to go by,
if the vote that she's certified is the vote that's going to be accepted,
it's a mood point because Bush will win the state either way.
Yeah, I understand that.
But the thing is, she says you cannot go and just, you know,
elect 25 more just because you want to.
And she read it, you know, she read it on the air and then he had no comeback for it for it.
Yeah.
But let me just ask you one other thing.
You know, the product that you were taking at May come?
Yeah.
Do you have the number, your sales department never called me back?
Of course not.
I got it.
I appreciate it.
Okay.
In fact, you know something I'm glad you mentioned this because I need some too.
No, see ourselves department if it's not on the earth at the moment,
they don't give it back.
I've been waiting three weeks for them to call me back.
Oh, they're not going to call you back.
In fact, I've been back here for three days on the year.
I have a couple of them I've seen most of the sales people haven't even stuck their face in here.
1-800-992-3323.
Okay.
And I'm glad you mentioned that because when I got back from vacation with all this stuff that I've been having,
I looked for it.
I thought I had some of them in the refrigerator and they're long gone.
I'm finished with them.
So I thought, what exactly does that thing do?
What does it do?
Yeah.
I mean, I can't explain it to you medically, but it helps the symptoms go away.
Whatever you IBS problem.
Oh, okay.
It's like a miracle.
At least it works for me.
Okay.
Thank you very much.
But I just want to say one more thing.
Please folks, listen to what this man and the lady on the other channel in Palm Beach are saying because they are correct.
Okay.
Thank you.
What's that lady saying?
I guess he's talking about Bob with Boxer.
5670560 Randy, that's the goddess.
Number Randy, remember her?
No, come on.
Give her a chance.
I guarantee she's going to be at zero that they still have others.
26 past noon at 56WDQM.
And beat that Gator me.
See you later, Gator.
Get that's the whole election up.
See you later, Gator.
Get that's the whole election up.
Go by yourself and lose your balance.
And drop the debt into the truck.
You got your name on the ballot.
And you never have a chance.
Get that's your name on the ballot.
The way you welcome out of jail.
We're still the bottom of you.
And defend our leader, man.
Thanks to you, the right wingers.
The only election there is where.
And now the last two rights wingers are hot.
The only election there is where.
So right about tomorrow, guy.
Which rather the 55ks Modern.
See you later, roundleader.
Get that's the whole election up.
See you later, roundleader.
Get that's the whole election up.
Go by yourself and lose your balance.
And drop the debt into the truck.
We're going to have a seat to lay the route to play them.
Try to put it by every street.
Go drive your car and head to a street.
Go drive your car and head to a street.
Company 1 at 560 WDQA.
Are you serious what you just told me is that it's Joe?
Joe Constell is an RQA in Vand.
Racing money for our plant peer and root campaign.
It's interesting that the other station that I want to mention WI.
Every time we did our fundraiser, remember the train is we sport and support.
We got from inside and the sales people were opening up.
The management and the company itself.
$1,000 here and $1,000 there and $500 here.
Here at QLAM it's kind of like we're in a vacuum.
We've got a couple of people inside who help us out like Duff.
Who else?
Peter Leonard I think.
Mark Mosley, Fat Roy.
Anybody else?
No.
So anyway, the reason I bring that up is because we got $220 bucks that Joe has collected so far for our plant peer and root fundraisers with their best annual stuff.
And Greg Reid stopped buying and gave him a dollar.
Now was that an attempt to the humorous to show us our cheap years which we already know?
What was the point of that?
Have we gotten the check from Greg Reid for plant hair and hair and her own hood?
No.
From the B3 people?
No.
She, I'm looking at this thing like tomorrow is the 1st of December and we'll be lucky to make it to 100 grand.
I'm going to be pretty goddamn embarrassed because it wasn't bad enough that they sabotaged this last year with that goddamn OJ golf tournament and lied about it through their teeth.
All of them including our general manager.
That wasn't bad enough.
That wasn't embarrassing.
That's the kind of assistance they give to us.
I mean like Ray Perry when he was up here the other day.
Do you give us a check for plant parents?
No.
I even remember his name today and he still didn't bring us a check.
I'm pretty goddamn embarrassed about a lot of these people.
Some of these people put them down to very big bucks.
But you know, it's kind of like everything else we do here.
We're in a vacuum.
We get some help from Hank because at least Hank is shopping up to understand that there's the 10 a.m. to 6 p.m.
That's the heart of the radio station.
That's it.
We're in.
You know, he understands that and he's been great.
But other than that, it's kind of like everything we do is in a vacuum.
So thanks for the dollar Greg.
You know what I'm saying?
Get out of the way out.
Yeah.
So that should give extra incentive to you people out there because we got you to a cheat general manager at this radio station whose wife's father and father in the milk carton.
Yeah.
That's right.
Longly fiscal.
They got money.
When they open up the water for us in their house money comes out.
Not water.
Money comes out.
He gives us a dollar.
So poor Joe Costello sitting there all by his loans in the QN van corner of Pines in the University in February of Pines in the Hooters parking lot for another 1.5 to 2 o'clock with all our best and real stuff with t-shirts, the CDs, the cassettes and those nifty once in a lifetime.
He changed.
So let's get our thousand dollars there.
They're very at least between now and two.
We can do it.
Although we're not going to do it if people keep coming by and moving a dollar like our cheap general manager.
I'd be embarrassed to do this.
Oh, so enough people show up and leave it down.
Yeah, we get a thousand people can buy a little bucket piece.
That's fine.
Of course, are we going to give you anything for it?
No, no, we're just giving a big smile.
Joe might take your hand.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello, hey, me.
Yes, sir.
Back from there.
At some point I want to make.
Did you see the goal in it when you last night?
I saw a point of it.
Did you see when Lady Astrum, the goal about the...
She made a statement that there's one million, two hundred thousand votes across the country that were not counted.
They were rejected for one reason or another.
Yeah.
So you have to question how come you wasn't looking to have those.
There should always arisen this roll.
In fact, it was the same thingktrum to fall.
And in fact, it exists in terms of the state.
We've had two parts of the system for the left.
The two department have been friend of them once.
The pivotx system does go from one p on to the pulpit.
Yes, if we switch to a big screen, we wish the governor could check it.
This example of this site, lets me tell you how it was.
If your friends...
Yes, we should.
I want to say, she went to the toilet with her friends.
I found out that when I first met her...
Wolves didn't have those loves inside the animals.
that there were enough votes to be garnered and that's why they didn't have a recap and the proof of that is a new Mexico where they were doing a recount yesterday.
The other point is that the endless country is evenly split. It's a dead-eat, it's a dead time.
Right, right down the note because we had too crappy candidates.
The larger point I want to make is that more people didn't vote. They didn't take vote. There's 175 million people, of course, lot of more kids are not eligible.
About 50% of voters have this time.
So there's a few who have 200, somewhat million people would go for gold and 200 million people would go for a bush.
Either way, they don't have to either way. So the people are going to jump out of a window because either bush or gold is going to be present.
Well, that's what I said before today. I mean, before the election there was really very little enthusiasm and the people would look warm about both candidates, including me, which is easy to understand.
And now that it's over because everybody loves a good fight, you know. Now everybody's whipped up into a friendly.
Oh, you're coming out of the window. Right, that's right.
And that's how 2.2 million people have to understand.
Well, you have to understand because the media is making it into a big deal. That's why people get emotional just like with Ailey, and it didn't make up.
A pile of crap's difference. The 99 and 910% of people in this country, but everybody got whipped up about it because the media told us that we had to.
That's correct.
Okay, I have a great thing. That's a good point.
Right on target, that guy right there. Let me tell you.
You're all getting whipped up. I'm sitting here. You see me getting upset.
Oh, not a goddamn thing. I'm not upset just because they still have freaking election.
No, I don't give a fine. That's just because Greg Reed came by with a dollar.
Man, this man has no shame whatsoever. That's absolutely none.
5.67.05.6. Of course, we already knew that.
And anybody moved up here on the third floor yet.
We got those permits yet to get this. No, this is the one they actually built the real trade center, the Empire State Building, the Chrysler Building, the Serious Tower, all of them put together in less time.
Then it's taken them to get the construction project here in this building. Not that it affects us. I don't really give a crap.
I just mentioned that in passing father paranoia.
Just to show you what a cheap bunch of incompetent scumbags they are and their stock is really doing it, baby.
Starting to date, eating the Nathan the way the market is going. Wouldn't surprise me if it closed the day like I don't even want to say the number.
Here's Marguerite. Hello.
Yes, sir. I want to bring up this name again, Theresa LePore.
She's getting a free ride. I was listening and I had one of your callers mention the fact that she was also against a Dimple Ballad.
She was the one who was responsible for that butterfly, the ballet thing, screwed up.
She was part of the deal that took off on Thanksgiving and decided not to vote on Thanksgiving.
I've spoken to a couple of other talk showers regarding this woman and they're giving her a free ride.
Oh no, there's nothing wrong with her. She's just made a mistake.
You know, you're asking before what can be done. This is my feeling. You have to concentrate your efforts in one area.
I believe that if you went after this woman and really put the heat on her, it's something light gives.
What's putting you down here for what?
For because I think she's, I think she would have needed it.
Put her feet to the fire? That's right.
Okay, great. Well, I'll be glad to do it. Put her feet right to the fire and stick out her hair as soon as the person who took the secretary of bush.
Oh, you'd love to, I'm going to save this fact for you. You'd love it. One of your ass lookers out there.
Since keep up the good work, but take care less to you too far. Pray to media, high-pig of tree sensation, wisdom and idiocy.
Then again, it pays you a nice check.
It goes on about all these fallacies according to this guy, like the Middle East and about Zionism.
George looking firm as it says, all the way spells your name with a G.
I'm not even going to show it to you. It's pretty crazy.
Power, crap.
Because I say, I don't have time to waste in my life for things like the Middle East.
I have no time to waste for that. It's just a bunch of crazy people.
I want to watch a crazy people. I can stay right here and talk to these folks.
5.6705.60.560 on the APNP.
Oh, there's a Republican ass a hutch until.
Last just for a minute.
You can't, man.
Yeah, get off my screen. You redneck Yahoo, you.
You know, well, after the break, don't let me forget.
I want to talk about the states that George Bush won in the election.
First, seriously, when you were in general, I realized you do win a lot more states.
But take a look at where you won and where it grew.
And when you got a lot of people in the building, you said the country is divided 50, 50 right down the middle.
Take a look and see what we're talking about.
Anyway, did I say it's 12.31? Well, I was wrong. It's 12.39 at 5.60 WDQM.
But Neil Rogers shows you sports radio.
5.60. You.
We now take you inside the governor's mansion in Tallahassee, Florida, where governor Jeb Bush is seeing how things are progressing in the bush counting room.
7.7.7.7. Good morning, everyone.
Good morning, governor. Good morning, governor.
The Allege Gallaudet 84. I hear it's going to be hot.
86.927.
1927.
1928. 1929.
1930.
My wife's having a birthday there, but it's the one 62.
It's going to be 2,417.
2,418. 2,419.
How's it going?
I'm not mind me.
I'm just checking in.
41. I don't want to be involved.
42.
I want to send you a birthday card.
4,419.
4,014.
4,014.
4050.
OK, 12.45.60 WDQM.
We got Hankelberg show a two-hank with Seth Greenberg at 4 in a relation and Bino Kirk will join Hankel.
5.
We got her who not line up the reddish airport hotel, 6 o'clock.
Why into the Viking studio?
The night for probably the clock any care to the NFL game.
Here's that expert again, Sam.
Gore campaign made with the board of Supreme Court this morning, which John Newton mentioned in the earlier segment,
they say that their witness is not in the individual, but their witness, in this case, are the ballots.
And that's why they're focusing so much on trying to get these ballots counted.
They have indicated that they do it's in the call witnesses.
Yes, but I haven't seen the guy named Ryder truck in 10 minutes.
No, I'm a little bit concerned about maybe he got hijacked on the way to tell Asi.
I want to see it right now.
I don't want to see this fat back of his face on air because he don't know what he's talking about this David Carwell guy.
I want to see that they are Ryder truck.
And I want to make sure it's the right one.
They should have put some markings on it because especially with the way this election is gone,
you have to be crazy to trust our government, especially in this state.
So they should have put us in magic markings on it so we know that when the cameras are showing us,
you know, that it's the real thing.
Just like that 40 deal is in the deserts there in Nevada, Arizona,
and they said there was men on the moon, and nobody believed that.
We know that's a bunch of crap.
We want to see the Ryder truck and we want to see it now.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Yeah, yeah, very so.
Yes, I do.
But listen, you may have inadvertently urged those people minds of the Palm Beach to vote two and three times, remember?
Yeah, before you let me know.
Go ahead and enjoy your day with Mad Drudge, okay, Jackass?
5.6705.60, Palm 5.60 on the AT.
You should always get like this to have a, oh yeah, you got a great show about air and assholes.
I'm like that.
Oh, this guy was a little more creative than that.
You may have a good point.
So that 5.60 for them, yeah, and Joe has the bread-greed dollar on display so that people can come by and see it.
Good, but they don't like it.
Good, put his name on it.
Put that little squiggle on it.
He puts under his name because he's got that deep seed in it.
He's already complex.
Put that squiggle on it too.
It's crinkles.
One of the older models got the new one.
Oh, I'm sure of that.
Probably gathering, probably moths came out when he opened that wall and up.
In fact, that would be a good contest.
I don't want to say anything about Rimmel because it's a random risk-reader, but I'll say tomorrow.
Good contest to see who's got more moths in the wall.
It's Rimmel or Greg Reed.
Of course, you know, Rimmel's father didn't invent the milk curtain or father-in-law.
5.6705.60, Palm 5.60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Here's a call from Miami must be tested on the AT&T line.
Hello.
Hello.
Must be so desperate that I didn't even hear anymore.
Here's the mobile and son rise.
Hey, now, yeah.
I want to say something that I heard this clown, Mario, he has a blast, say.
He's a nearly of DS-Belarge, which one is that?
Well, I didn't know he was doing it.
He's a like a blind friend.
I'm seeing spend this morning.
He's in the floral legislature.
Yeah.
I'm listening in on regular mind V just before the election.
And, you know, they had gone nuts about alien again and all of a sudden.
Oh, you probably won't pull me.
And then, then he tells your Cuban audience that to be where you've got to get elected
because you know what happened to the Japanese Americans in World War II.
Yeah.
So, like, you know, foreign Cubans, here in these old Cubans,
they're going to be rounded up and put in camp.
And let me say again, isn't it ironic that the very highly anti-immigration Republican party
are the ones so heavily embraced by the green tube Cubans that you're talking about?
It just burrows my mind.
Yeah.
And then about this, about the tanning of military cannabis,
but, you know, like basically the analogy that I've pulled together is that if you put your dollar
in the cost machine and it spits it out twice, is that?
Does that mean it's not a dollar anymore?
Mm-hmm.
You know?
Well, I have to try that.
I'm going to have to try to spin you out twice.
560-560, 0.560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Lines.
Here's the model in Stuart.
Hello.
Hi, Bill.
Yes, sir.
Bill, before you made a statement, you said something about the, you wondered why the electors
would be elected by the legislature, what difference it would make since the Bush electors anyway.
The idea I think is, they believe the clock is running out and they believe that if all of us counting
the votes and court things are not settled, then they would regard what's so well certified,
have new electors for Bush, and let the other would just go by the Bush.
Oh, I understand that.
I understand.
My other point was this.
And in addition to which you can be damn sure that even if all the other court suits have been settled by,
let's say December 11th, that at the last minute the Republican Party would come in and file some over the
litigation so that there would be something still going up in court which would justify the legislature pointing their electors.
I agree with you 100%.
Yeah, but it's another point that I can understand because I do really believe as much as I hate it,
that the clock is running out of for all these three counts.
Sure it is.
That would be a good idea.
Well, I don't understand.
It's why you spot orders, but this guy voice the greatest pronounce, or whoever.
Why didn't I go after the ballot for a revote 20 days ago?
If they had really gone after that butterfly dollar, and all the, you're like that, you're like that.
Well, you know, that's my opinion too.
I agree with you, but the so-called legal experts say that they felt all along that there was a very, very unlikely chance that that was their biggest long shot,
and that they had a better chance by actually counting the votes and establishing a lead as opposed to trying for a revote which they think there's a very, very
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, all right? of, 110 grams of flour, new water, Natural, San Mr, Drhandra, Rs, dragon, Dom L and Spr , yes! and don't forget to make this D
Utah and Wyoming and what am I even out Colorado?
It's not the Colorado.
And Alaska.
That's it.
I think just off the top of my head, I gave it in the course floor to be
don't know.
And the problem to try to make is, will you see Florida I've been telling you for
years is a deep South state.
It's a Yahoo state.
That's why we can't get Casino gambling.
That's why we got the kind of crap going on here that we do.
That's why any bunch of illegal aliens can come and even take over any county they
want at any time because they don't know how to do things here.
You can't complain about the government of the people in the because we don't
have government of the people.
We got nothing but rampant corruption in this state.
Now, we're one named Vermont, Massachusetts, Rhode Island, Connecticut, New York, Pennsylvania,
Michigan, Illinois, Delaware, California.
We out get to it, Delaware.
I'm going geographically, yes, or Michigan, Wisconsin, Minnesota, Iowa, Oregon, Washington,
California, New Mexico, and Hawaii.
That was pretty good right off the top of my head.
I'm going there.
I know my map.
I know my presence.
I know my map and I already do capitals.
I know the race track and my hockey.
And that's it.
I don't know anything else.
I know how good to go to the bank with that paycheck.
But just take a look.
You talk about the country being divided just about with the Pacific of Ohio and of course
this state hanging in the Who knows.
He won all the Mugwam states, all the red next states.
Yeah, all the inbreeding states went to Bush and the places that you might call moderate
to liberal, like whether some sophisticated urban areas where I'm living and breeding
people is.
Well, one of those states.
So that's what we really have.
We have a cultural war between the Mugwams and those of us who consider ourselves somewhat
civilized.
Those of us who are tolerant, those of us who understand what diversity and traversity
are all about and those who are close minded, bigoted white wing assholes, gun-token, pickup
truck driving, I suppose.
Bottle-something, Dolby-win looking assholes.
I'm sorry, pickpile looking assholes.
I like Dolby-win.
How about that little men 10?
No, he's not a Dolby-win.
It's got nothing to do with it.
So there you go.
I think that's certainly something for you to think about.
And of course any of those of you who voted here for Bush who aren't that green toothed
or right, see I keep pointing that out because it's a really, I'm sure it's a very, very
irritating thing in the back of your mind.
The fact that even though during those days, and I answered the question before only rhetorically
because I know the answer, but the reason that these people that were green with us and
love us during the early on days because they hate to kill them, those old green tooth
humans, that's 75% who are green with them politically.
Hate them like poison.
But politically, they're the same.
Oh man.
Yeah.
The red men.
Of course they have the same, I mean teeth may be a different shade of green.
But other than that, it's pretty much the same.
Only the cuisine has been changed to protect the guilty.
They're both in the cock fighting and dogfighter both in the one.
5.6705.60, I sure would agree with that.
Based on, well, here's, I'm on the wrong line.
Pember pine, tell.
Yeah.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I had to call you, you were absolutely correct when you said that the Democrats were
responsible for losing this election.
Yeah, they pissed me off, man.
They really crossed my ass.
And you want to know who's one of the ones?
A court with the decision of Florida's higher court, the Florida Supreme Court.
He's criticizing the Law of the Coaches Actions right now.
He makes about as well as an impact as a borough yesterday's general.
Well, I'll tell you, the Democrats get their job by going out and getting my north
African Americans with older Jewish voters registered.
They got them registered.
It was the highest increase in registration in the state.
Yeah, they just didn't reach them out of vote right.
They did not teach them how to vote.
They did half of their job.
And the African Americans in this town and South Florida should be stringing up, sharp
them, and Jesse Jackson for not being here before the vote helped them.
That's right.
And there's something in Duval County.
I'm pretty sure it was Duval.
The literature that the Democrats put out to assist the voters that they went out and
recruited.
It was an error.
It had mistakes in it.
It didn't give them the accurate information out of vote.
And now they want to jump up and down screen.
What happens is you get the national people coming down here trying to save the election.
And it's the local political leaders for the Democratic Party that should be strung
up because they didn't do their job.
Yeah, you're right.
Anyways, it brings it to my eye, man.
But life will go on.
Let's all vote for Jesse.
And the market's taken a gigantic crap.
I just point that out and passing another day.
Go buy some shit for excels.
Okay, you can.
Yeah, it's a six.
It was up to 31.
I should have sold it then.
It's down to 22.22 right now.
The NASDAQ down 158.
It's like here must be 25 some more 25.
I'm going to turn on CMBC one more.
I don't want to see Julie.
We're all here beyond there too.
Yeah, he's on there.
Look at that 2548 or 2549.
And the Dow is about a 10,000 400.
It's 227 point.
And we still got three hours to go today.
And Julie women's pontificates for independent judgment.
And to take it back to a life of body, a legislative body,
with a clear partisan majority there,
takes us down a road that regardless of which side
we're on.
Okay, guys, good question.
Seriously, is there anybody other than the Orthodox Jews
and the old guest guests take this man seriously?
Today?
I mean, between the substance of what he says
and the manner in which he delivers it,
and I use it to him deliver loosely,
how could anybody with a IQ larger than their left nut
take this man seriously?
He's ridiculous.
He's an embarrassment.
He's just a whiner.
A super-moralist whiner.
He's always talking about his good buddies like Bill Bennett.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
In fact, you know something?
Wow, I don't want to say it.
Nine minutes after one.
Because I'm not so sure no matter which perg in him,
you got tip of going, you got this guy,
you got what's your name, you got Lynn Cheney,
and that dick, and then of course you got Bush and all
of his buddies like Trent Laud and Tom Delay.
I'm sorry.
I think it's lost.
Because we saw the scattering around before he left him all.
Yeah, we got to attack Hollywood.
We got to go to those McCain hearings in the Senate.
We have to fight each other to see who could be more
in a favor of censorship.
I don't think we got any chances of this in Jesse.
Not Jesse Jackson.
We're talking Jesse Ventura.
Let's act Jesse right now.
He's got a wrong guy at the party and supposing
that I'll come at his crap.
Because these parties are both garbage.
Let's those of us who believe in real freedoms.
Let's start a wrong guy at the party.
They got to be forced that I should do something.
That's what I would like to do.
Not that stupid as Green Party was roughly
able to win a scandal.
Let's call it the party party.
The pot party?
All right.
I thought he was a...
He was out.
Poor pot.
We can bring it back here.
Well, in a box.
I was out of town.
All right.
Look at that thing.
Whoa!
I'll be there.
What's wrong here?
I'll be there.
Oh, it's something's wrong here.
That's working.
Oh.
That's hell.
Oh.
Oh, oh, yeah.
What's that?
How long?
I'm just too tired of everything.
That's the Ralph Nair represent.
Thank you for voting this year.
The teacher.
The teacher.
This is Ralph Nair represent.
I just want to let you know.
No, no, no.
No, I just want to let you out.
Oh.
Oh.
See if you're wrong here.
Let me try it on a title.
Excuse me.
Excuse me.
Oh, he got a move.
Excuse me.
This is Ralph Nair represent.
I got the hand quarters.
No.
We don't need this room back.
No, no, no.
I have to warn this club coming in here.
No, no.
It's the hand quarters for Ralph Nair represent.
There's no one in this room, sir, if you.
They're coming.
They're not allowed in here.
I got the colon that's coming in here in the morning.
And I got to clean it up.
Yeah, I understand that.
But I am running for Brexit.
I am in the Supreme Court.
Sir, sir, sir, sir, can you leave my button below and stop?
I'm going to need this phone.
No, no, I'm not seeing you on the shirt.
I have a question about this phone.
Yeah.
Does it dial in?
Yeah, it just calls.
Does it dial, told?
Yeah, I have a need to take it.
No, no, no, don't take them all away.
Don't take them all away. Don't take them all away.
Don't take them all away.
Yeah, here's my one.
Here, Ralph.
Okay, one sixteen is five sixty W.
I'll give you a present.
Where I've phoned?
Oh, sorry Ralph, sorry to step on your one, but nobody cares.
Sorry to step on your friend, though.
So we got one thousand and eighty, thousand eighty bucks over there to QM van in the parking lot,
who does parking lot, pine to the University of Pembercline.
Another forty five minutes to go.
We might approach to brand new today.
So, cost dollars, wait, not new with the best new t-shirt, CDs, cassette and keychains,
all of the benefits.
That's going to make it a fucking way.
Time parenthood.
We're not going to give a plug to what friends at the, um, no, I did not.
In fact, that cheats disappeared.
That's your van, huh?
Packed, uh, pack mail or if you mentioned that.
That little strip there it is.
Yeah, but that's not the thing I'm looking for.
If you mention the, uh, meal between now and like through the hallways,
the gate, oh, percent off on your shipping stuff.
There are nine sixty five minutes, not bill road in the Windixie shopping center of plantation.
And we thank them for a few so if you're doing all the shipping on our best new stuff,
it's here for plant payment.
Okay, but the market has taken just a two mulchewist tumble away.
The dollar's down 244 points and that's down 166.
And just remember what nature said.
He said, oh, that's the end of it.
Of course, that was weeks and weeks ago.
Well, this is the end of it.
It's all over now.
Does that man know anything?
Oh, nothing.
Five six seven, oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
On neorodges.com, our poor question.
Do you support the Florida legislature's plan to appoint 25 electors for George W. Bush?
424 votes already.
That's almost record breaking for this time of day.
No 304, 70 to 1.5%.
Yes, 120, 28.5%.
120 people out there who say, yeah, this is a great way to steal an election.
I think maybe they got a good point.
Here's for a modern day.
Hello.
Hi Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Okay.
I mentioned years ago you did a promo outside of a Pomco Stadium for the miracle.
Right.
You remember them?
Sure.
I supply pieces.
I was in a pizza business while I'm on my dad.
And we supply pieces of a city.
And my brother wanted the shape of a horse was that.
I don't know if you remember me.
No.
Like I said, every guy was a week, 70 years ago.
I went to college to try to get an education.
Yeah.
And I'm going to let you know.
And I'm going to graduate then 30 days.
And I'm going to go into law school.
Right.
I have two words that are going to stick to the cloth, the Republican Party.
And it is the precipitation for this.
I'm pressed as an action by the Florida legislature to try to spill the solar.
It is the precipitation, yeah.
Yes.
It's called seminal counting.
I've been president of the FBI.
I used to be a team for the past two years.
And no, I'm not pretending to be.
I'm going to go to law school.
I'm not pretending to work on law theory.
What I'm telling you is any arguments we've been taught.
There are two main arguments for this action that's going on in seminal counting.
Yeah.
Is it something that everybody is always doing?
I know that they're doing a Democrats and Republicans around the state,
regardless of whether it's within the law.
And the other main defense for them is it was a computer glitch that didn't
allow them to get these voter ID numbers on.
They cannot touch those applications.
They can't, and they get it.
Yeah.
This is why they're going to try to circumvent the law.
What are you screaming about?
A computer glitch.
Right.
Those numbers are supposed to do on the application.
That's part of it.
A computer glitch started to put those numbers on it.
There are seconds that the computer glitch didn't allow them to add these numbers on it.
It didn't leave the space of them to put it on.
That's why they put it on for them.
Right.
They can't do that.
That sounds to me like you're an argument about the butterfly ballot or the hole that was at one place.
Yeah.
So they want to have it there when it's expedient through them and they want to have those kind of arguments work.
But otherwise it's a bogusness to the crybaby.
Exactly.
You know you're doing a great job.
Okay.
I'll see you in horse heads.
Okay.
All right.
567 will have several open lines.
Now it speaks to how out of me you must have a bug with boxing must be on with what's the name
Romy?
567 or what are you laughing about?
He's in the boxing.
567 or 560 pound.
560 on the AT&T and provides him wireless line.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Yeah.
It's Mike, I'm in here.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah.
I think you pretty well covered all but I just want to go in one of the gaps and what
disturbs me is the absolute disdain for the American voting population that is shown by
the power elitist who have manufactured package to handle George Bush's father who I am a victim
of one of the millions of victims of that man.
And now they have run this somehow as a candidate when the man had zero qualifications.
And they bet that the American public was so stupid that they could package him and market
him and that we would both want and there were actually people in this country that did vote
for him.
Yeah.
It's incredible.
I mean, how it occurred anybody?
Not 28 million.
It's incredible.
It's like with me.
I mean, I'm looking around and I realize I'm surrounded by idiots.
And you know, the states that go on one of the thinking people states.
The states that know which one, the eight states and the multi-cloud states.
Right.
It works out that way.
You know, I see a cartoon in my mind.
George Washington titled before George Washington, the cherry tree.
I cannot tell the guy.
I cut the tree down.
And now I see that was before.
Now today I see another tree, the cherry tree, an elephant holding an axon of hand, a donkey
walking down the street making miners on business and the elephant saying, there's a liar.
He did it.
He did it.
And it's been a consistent thing.
You covered that very well.
In fact, the Republicans are the people who call themselves Republicans.
They should look up what the ideal is.
You're Republican partyers.
They'd find out these people don't even come close to the Republican ideology.
There's these in Republican calls.
And they're going forward and they're perpetuating this commitment.
Either way, you may have noticed on a little emotional here.
Yeah, just a little bit.
Because it's frightening.
It's frightening.
It is terribly frightening being the real ice.
OK.
Well, listen to me.
I got to run because there's the van again.
It's you.
There's the van again.
There's the van again.
462,000.
Yeah, we just got to see it again.
I feel a lot better now.
Blue waters is on there.
I'm assuming that the rental truck is just zip it along.
They're right.
It's important.
We've got to keep our eyes on that.
Wired truck.
We just saw it again.
How was this guy saying?
What's he going?
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AP and T and Verizon Wireless Line.
All of a sudden, we got 20 or 30 open lines on here.
And I'm pretty distraught about that.
All right, distraught?
No.
Here's Volka.
Hello.
Neil?
Yes, sir.
Do you have any wonder marks?
Yeah.
I got a quick question for you.
I remember, 14 or 15 years ago, I was having a debate with somebody that we used to listen
to, and I don't know what station you're on.
But I used to do a bit where there was two younger people on there.
And at the end, or the start of it, the wife would say to him, it's Friday night.
Do you know what that means?
Hello?
Yeah, I'm listening.
I know wrong.
What was that?
What was that bit?
Who were the names on those two people?
Remember you used to run it, and I think the bird was around at the time or something.
And the only thing I know what it is is the Elijah's disease.
Was that it?
Yes, sir.
There was like two, and two of you were sitting there.
Neil, Elijah's disease or at least followed disease?
Which one is it?
I'm not sure.
There was two or three of them with those two people in it, but that was like a clasp.
You couldn't remember the names of the two people.
And every time one of them ran, it was Friday night.
Do you know what that means?
You know, that's routine.
How come I sat in here, George?
How was that possible?
It's not in the...
That was from one of the classics of old times.
Yeah, I'll fight it for it.
Thanks, George.
Okay, everything.
How was that possible that Neil Rogers's disease is not in the goddamn, like I said, in the
ECM?
Alan Box was a normal man with a wife, children, a summer home in Opalaka, and a chain
of radio station.
Well, normal that is until just three weeks ago.
Hi, honey.
How was your day?
Un...
Feelable.
Criminal.
There's nothing but subhuman douche bags out there.
Alan Box is suffering from Neil Rogers's disease.
As you can't see with the Miami Herald yet, that honey rebuilt the trot to the Herald.
Oh, now that's a cop-up.
What kind of a lame excuse is that?
Just they know the L-Herald, sir.
Huh?
People afflicted with Neil Rogers's disease have lost the ability to communicate like
normal human beings.
What's the matter with you?
Blue hair, those bags from Pembroke Fine.
You know, the Yen says, it's like, oh, Neil, how can you say those nasty things?
Funny when I was feeling sweet and low.
Yeah, you're saying things.
How about those bad boys at Windixi?
You know, it doesn't hurt the world.
In...quietable.
New Rogers's disease, a growing South Florida epidemic.
Please help us find a cure.
Honey, it's quite a nice, you know, it's got me.
Hey, you know what I got a knife?
A knife!
What's the refiler got?
Three points up there?
I think you're tested by contributions today, in care of hot 105.
Firmament.
Un...
The only available.
Oh, the label.
125, it's...
Yeah, totally refunded.
Did we find it or what?
We got our finger on it.
But Neil Rogers shows you sports radio, 560s, QAP.
So they think just one radish gives you enough gas to check a star's single banner.
Or eating anything you can talk about cause you're a lower GI to erupt.
Like not so serious as the last day of Pompeii.
When you use executive ration, do your fellow employees call the carry to have a hazmat too clean up the toxic waste?
If you answer yes to any of these questions, you have IBS.
And we want to talk to you.
Well, not me personally, but the day people at the irritable valve syndrome laboratories want to talk to you about volunteering with IBS Studies.
I suffer from terrible bowel syndrome myself.
You're not at all.
You're the downright PIST.
Oh man, I cannot slow.
Call 1-800-smelly and tell the operator you want to be part of this study.
Boy, it is bad in here.
130-560s, WDQM.
Don't let me forget my bowling ball on the way up to mom.
560-560, look at that.
Voice of Genie Reserve in Austin, Texas is their underrange.
And of course what they'll be talking about is the transition.
Oh yeah, we got voice and chaining and there's colon pile and colon cancer and there's all of those folks.
All of the common bushers people.
There's Martha Washington.
They're on the ranch.
And it's great seeing them all on the ranch like that.
Fits in what I was talking about before, bunch of Yahoo's.
Here's Miami, hello.
Hello?
Yes sir.
I love the way they turn in George Bush and the Ronald Reagan with all the clearing of the bush stuff.
The same exact people are just like the reruns.
Uh-huh.
Listen, I was wondering, did you hear the Republicans try to act that George removed in Seminole County?
Yes I did, I mentioned that.
I'm sorry, I missed you mentioning that.
Because of the fact that George Bush passed over her for an appointment for a promotion to the first of this record of appeals.
And therefore they figured she might be pretidious.
So, you know, I guess we're supposed to assume that because Captain Harris has been yanking with the governor here and happens to be the chairman of the Bush show for President campaign in the state of Florida.
And we're trudging through the snow and the hamps you to try to get them in up there in the primaries.
I guess that she's not the bias either.
Here's the reason for my call.
I think that the people of Florida should throw at Seattle and that your show is the biggest forum for doing it.
I mean by going out in the streets and tearing the city up, no thanks, I'll pass.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 50 pound, there's always some assilat there.
We're not going to use this show as a forum for you. It's like you.
You want to go out in the streets and tear the city up and act like some kind of a moron, okay?
Go back to Seattle.
Here's a mobile and four Myers.
Oh, yes. I'm calling about this question regarding the legislature.
If the courts throw this thing up in the state of confusion and we can't send electors, would you be in favor of the legislature electing our electors?
Of course not.
What do you mean the courts put it in the state of confusion?
The courts are going to rule one way or the other. They're going to recount the votes and they're not.
It'll be a final number that they're going to certify.
Perhaps it wouldn't be done in time.
It'll be the one way or the other. It'll be done in time.
Okay.
Now, me, whatever the final number is, that's what they're going to have to certify.
In other words, you really believe that under any circumstances, the legislature should be the ones to certify the electors as opposed to the people who voted?
If at the end, the state can't decide by popular vote.
The state will decide.
Well, I'm saying if they can't, I'll bet you a life on it.
560, 0560, 0560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
400 open lines.
Well, what's going on with this cloud all of a sudden?
I mean, I realized that they're all sitting there watching Bush and Cheney and Powell meeting at the God damn Bush ranks in corporate Texas right now.
That's pretty captivating.
You haven't missed a God damn thing, okay?
You've missed nothing.
And all of a sudden, it's like they're all vanishing and it's like back to the old days again.
I don't understand you people at all. I just don't get it.
444, we're 230 to the weight of that 666 on our pool.
Do you support the legislature's plans to support to a point?
Why do I keep saying that?
25 electors for Bush.
320 say, oh, that's 72%, 28% or 124 say, yeah, we like it.
We like it a lot.
Here's a lady, Moeble and Hollywood.
Hello.
Lady, Moeble.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Oh, okay.
I'll allow you.
Okay.
I'm coming because I'm so disgusted with this election thing.
Yeah.
And I cannot believe that the American people are according to the polls.
They're so impatient that they want to fix that they're real in an instant.
Do you want their rights to the macro sees?
No, it's pretty much how stupid they are.
I can't believe that.
What's the big hurry?
We got a president who's going to be in there until the 20s of January.
And this is all the 30s of November, which means we almost got two months to go.
What's the big hurry?
And anybody who doesn't believe that they're both making plans for the transition
and who they're going to appoint and get off the crap together.
Anybody doesn't believe that they have to do that is a very naive.
I don't believe that they're going to give up because if he gives up, he gives up because I'm already for him.
Right.
Okay.
And another thing I can't spend.
I want to say all of them.
But why not have come Cubans?
I find that the most intolerable...
Okay, great.
Five-sixth is here.
There you go.
Another woman bashing Cubans.
That's what it's saying here itself.
Where was she from?
I'll give you one hint.
Talking about how imperious and condescending.
She's a Jamaican one.
Hate each other.
Well, there you go.
Cubans are in the Haitians and Cubans in the Mexican.
And the Blacks in the year.
This one and everybody.
George in the Jews.
This one was things.
That was down to a 37.
Oh, this one is just skittin' and it's nice that it's down 159.
Now, wouldn't you think that if you had a stock poker that had any kind of a brain that had there?
That you lose good a phone call?
You know, like a homony afternoon when he knows your homo's saying, I realize he's got, you know, like maybe 10-20 clients left at this point.
You get a phone call saying, well, you know, here's what I think we really ought to do.
I think he ought to sit tight or I think that was the time to jump in.
And look at the amazing, here's the blue, zero ox is down to six something now.
Time to double down.
Am I going to double down?
No.
No.
Thanks a lot for zero ox remember.
Happy anniversary.
Hewing your brother.
Your brother who has those wild dreams about Arab sheiks and who are buying 50 billion shares of shippricks.
In fact, maybe I can swap some stock for some dervishes.
Here's a mobile imponder.
Hello.
Uncle Neil got.
Yes, sir.
Listen, is anybody else frustrated with the fact that our legislature is just going to go out there and they're willing to get together especially to coordinate, you know, George W.
But, you know, none of them had said one thing about addressing the election issues that we've had throughout the state.
And I can special for that.
The election issues we've had throughout the state.
Problems with the ballot, the nits counts, correcting some of the rules that led up to the problem.
Well, what's the emergency to do that?
There's not another election for two years, at least that I know of.
Absolutely correct, but the idea is at least say something about it.
Don't just get together and talk about it.
They don't have to be, they don't have time to be doing that because they have to hurry up and get the jub's brother in there.
Don't you understand?
Yeah, I consent the urgency.
I really can't because they don't do it something legal might happen.
There you go.
The God bless you.
Okay, good luck to you, sir. I'll see you at the airport.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8.
Is it warm in here? Is it me?
If you crank that thing up, it is...
It's kind of bellowed.
Oh, actually. Oh, he's living in the chair.
God.
I realized that Bush is on her birthday, but it's not time to crank up the oven. It's just quite yet.
Here's a mobile in the grove. Hello.
Mobile in the grove.
Yeah.
Yes, sir.
Hello, Neil.
Neil, were you aware I heard this the other night that Queen Catherine Harris, the order authorized to spend a couple hundred thousand dollars for push advertising?
No.
You didn't hear that?
A couple hundred thousand dollars of what?
Of Florida money to help promote the Bush campaign.
And I'm thinking, if that came out of my pocket, nobody asked me about that.
Where did you hear that?
MSMBC?
Yeah.
Yeah, that she is...
Because she...
From what I remember, the conversation that she's in the Bush campaign, and she's...
Well, she spent a couple six-figure dollars to help his...
Is a campaign with a man's handouts for us.
Okay, well, I say fire her ass. I say fire up all sparky right now. There's one last time up there in Stark.
And let's fire her freaking ass.
Oh, bitch.
22 before 2 at 5, 60 WQ...
Oh, okay, fucking go!
Good morning.
This is Spice Preston, our door.
I believe you should know,
counting has always been an important part of my life.
Why, I have always counted things over and over until I get a number I like.
For example, on Christmas Day, I would count my presents till the aggregate total reached 23.
On my birthday, I would count the candles on my cake, so each year they totaled 22.
That's the year I lost my cherry.
Cherry was my dog, and I loved him.
So please, understand I am upset over the recent criticism leveled against me regarding this election.
I have hired the nation's premier counter to assist in this election process, and his work has already begun.
2,910,847 votes for more!
We'll get to the bottom of this.
Me and the count.
Thank you.
This is the outdoor.
See ya.
Okay, 145 at 5,60 WQAM.
5,6705,60.
Pound 560 on the AT&T line.
Here's my ending.
Hello.
I just heard a mad drug saying that you're telling people to go up there.
Yes, all news.
We've heard it 50 million times.
The election was like two weeks and two days ago.
All news.
Here's a mobile in Daniel.
Leo.
Yes sir.
Let's talk about something important.
Staying in shape open today.
Open today?
Go ahead.
They're coming back from the hockey game last night.
I kind of claimed my neck to see if it was open yet.
And you couldn't have a good time to see from the history.
I know.
I went by yesterday, I was a day too early.
They were waiting for the last comment.
Staying in shape is open.
The best of letters is the most important news you write.
Have a good day.
Thanks for the good news.
That's on some of our just east of the Chevron station there.
Just west of Femino.
You got it?
Remember that kind of comment that one day that all day.
I explained to them 75 different times.
You wanted me to come over to a compass in a road map and show them where it was in the map.
I said call to the W.
He'll show where it's up.
What's that?
Up your record?
That's good.
So there's a good news.
Staying in shape is open in plantation acres or sunrise.
What do we want to call it?
Hallelujah.
Here's a lady mobile in Fort Myers.
Hello?
Hey, Neil.
Yes ma'am.
How you doing?
Okay.
Listen.
I wanted to mention, you know how early on the Republicans were.
They were scared of the Americans by saying that overseas we look terrible and people are concerned
because we don't have a president.
Yeah.
I was just in London last week and what people don't care about what's going on over here.
You barely find anything.
You can't even think about the fact that their gas was five bucks a gallon.
Right.
And they still have a monarchy.
I was at Amsterdam for ten days and they didn't give a flying crap about whether we had a president around.
I mean, it's on the news but other than that, the people aren't talking about it.
Exactly.
And I think the only really the only feedback I got was the people were scared of Bush got in that we'd be at war in a year.
You know, I mean, they just see that whole.
Well, I might take a little longer than that because first they got to show them on the map where those places are that he wants to attack.
So I might take a little longer.
Exactly.
It's good business if we go to war.
I mean, it's, you know, I just, I agree with the guy that called before saying that how could these people vote for this guy?
It's shocking.
Beats are how ought to make it.
I still am learning here it is it's two weeks and two days after the election day and I haven't had one person called and told me a legitimate reason why I didn't have the one guy yesterday who said that he was a bigot.
And that's why you voted for Bush.
But other than that, that's it.
Well, but at least he was honest.
Well, yeah, that's rare.
Have a great day.
You too.
Good luck to us. See you on the plane.
Okay, 400 open lines here in 12 minutes to go.
But this is a brutal ending of the show today.
Walk out of here with a real sour look on your purse.
Why do you wear the hell these people went?
And they don't even have the guy then a writer truck on there with a moment.
I don't know what the hell you're looking at.
Five.
Oh, that's right.
They got rush on now.
I forgot about that.
We got to compete with rush.
All these people are the circles of rush now.
See, if it's only the Cubans that you want to keep screaming about, the 75 to 25 of the Cubans are voted in the county for Bush.
That you want to scream and carry out about.
I don't think there were any Cubans in the Macarena last night.
Oh, and when they put those two pictures up on the scoreboard, first it was girl who got brewed loudly by the 8,000.
So people were there.
And then it put Bush up and he got a hero's welcome like with the guy named King in the universe.
Maybe you like to explain to me who those people were there in sunrise at the Macarena.
Who are such big Bush people, huh?
And all the Bush lookers in sunrise.
But it's much more expedient to pick up the one group of people that you despise like poison.
I mean, they're predictable.
Yeah, 40% good hope for Clinton-wise.
Time for some of those reasons I still don't understand.
But generally speaking, this was no big surprise.
Here's a mobile encumber bridge. Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, what was the first bet you ever had with you?
What?
Your first quartet.
What year was it?
Oh, 865, some more than.
Oh, I just bought a 78.
I'm fixing it back up.
Neil, what's the deal with promoting?
I know Merrick Sternheim now is retiring and I guess the clearest piece is like first in line for that job.
Why so popular promote police chiefs in the city of Agitonis?
I don't know.
I asked Merrick Sternheim and he'll tell you, 565, 705, 60, 05, 560 on the AT&T and the horizon wireless line.
Wow.
It's 11 before 2 at 560 WQM and we're going to be ending them through soon today.
I can tell you, I can smell it.
Can't you see?
Okay, we're going to begin out here just in time.
I hope.
But Neil Roger shows sports radio 560s QA and...
Oh God, Neil.
Hey, little Pat, what's the deal?
I can write the right wing out, even if it's Neil.
A little from the Carbiter, a top of the field.
And you're a busy baby with elections and skills going down.
And you're a secretary of the world.
Or something she can't fit.
Can't fit over a public and hard to do today.
If we a bit, tax cap or rent has it.
The secretary of the world.
Oh, I wish.
I think with that, there's a big gap.
A little stingy bangers going to get to their thighs.
Snuffling with the cowbiter and gait of retard.
That's from the net down.
You got a tight handle that you're going down.
And you're a shaper-gatherer.
Or something you can't fit.
You're all from the public and Armageddon.
She's our big, half-barred.
That's the best.
So...
So, Josie's got 14-everton-toney buses there.
And the event.
And what is it?
It's a very good thing.
It's a very good thing.
It's a very good thing.
It's a very good thing.
It's a very good thing.
It's a very good thing.
It's a very good thing.
It's a very good thing.
I'm not curious.
I doubt a curious.
Okay.
So, the doctor is over there.
Well, here's a lady in the gable.
So, hello.
Yes.
Hi.
I just got some breaking news that the Bush-Chainy transition team
has finally released their first priority for when they stormed
you their way into the house.
And that's to get the colored-only water fountain in bathroom for Colin Powell.
And then it's fallen.
Love you.
Okay.
Thanks.
I wonder if kind of the lazy gets used.
That maybe she just gets used to the lady's colored only one.
You think so?
Yeah.
And then of course there's also G.C. Rod.
5.6705.505.60 on E18 and T and Verizon wireless line.
I'll pull.
You support the Florida Registration Planets to elect to appoint 25 electors for Bush.
No, 346, 72.2%.
Yes, 133.27% on nearly 500 votes.
Lots of votes that I'll pull today, baby, as the people are finally starting to wake up
and realize that the legislatures got all fingered out.
Here's a mobile implantation.
Yes.
Okay, good one.
Let's try a lady mobile in Naples.
Hi.
Yes, ma'am.
I just want to say that over here we do really love you over here at least some of us.
And we've got a lot of things that's hard to call.
But I'm listening.
I just want to say I don't know why people are so surprised and shocked here.
The American public voted in Reagan.
Then they voted in Clinton.
And why are we so surprised that now they're trying to get in Bush?
We probably haven't had a legitimate election in over 200 years here.
What was wrong with Clinton?
Too many bull jobs?
Well, you know, I mean it turned out to be okay, but really I still don't know how that all came about.
So, you know, I mean, who knows what everybody's gone on here about two years.
Everybody don't have a chance to vote again and hopefully-
In two years?
Okay, good.
Two years will have a chance to vote again.
Okay, like I said, I'm hanging out by my thumbnails today.
Well, yeah, I think that's you and I and Biggie Seguer here today.
Yeah.
And the air natural hell to you.
