What the hell is your pair?
I think it's not me who goes to meet me in the station.
Man, don't you ever take a bad...
What are you talking about?
Wait, where are you going?
You don't want me to lose that all!
Can I check it out? I can slow-follow her out of my dollars.
Hey, no taxes! That's what you're doing, sir!
I ain't telling you, but I know again.
Can you tell me you're talking to these dead drugs?
They're made of white heads.
And in fact, that's where we'll be doomed, you.
These are just more honey.
So grab my hand, now what I want you is getting sick.
But everyone's been scusted and scared.
Walk through hallway sideways.
And these covers, it's very long hair.
Mama said he's a fairy.
He's such an handsome young man, please, and alone.
We're not too sure what's going on there.
Stay away from me.
Josh, please, I'll ask you a thing, these money,
but he's no sad agent.
I'll ask you a thing, and he'll cut your face.
Josh, please, I'll ask you a thing.
He's a second-screase, and she's out of my belly button,
and he's going to sell it by the fount.
It's sick.
Got so bad his guts exploded.
You ain't wretched while all alone.
There's April's up and down his roof, baby.
Just you holding all that greasy old food.
Stay away from me.
Josh, please, I'll ask you a thing.
I dare a printboy don't like me.
Why do I think he does?
Don't come to me.
Josh, please, I'll ask you a thing.
I'll ask you a thing.
Don't come to me.
Josh, please, I'll ask you a thing.
I'll ask you a thing.
You were right.
I was wrong.
I was wrong.
I just tried to cut people a little bit of slack.
Just a little thing.
I don't.
I get along with everybody.
I'm the one that's got the reputation of being a hard-ass.
And the fact is that you're a much harder-ass than I am.
I'm an old junkie.
Pretty hard.
But at any rate, Josh Friedman, all I can say is he's an asshole.
Thanks for aggravating me a little bit.
Josh, because ordinarily, I don't really take,
I don't care what anybody thinks.
But in your case, in what happened yesterday, I'll make an exception.
You jackass, you lying piece of turd.
Let me just first mention that all the people who work in,
not only in sports, but even in the periphery of sports,
anybody that he has any contact with in this town,
they hate him like poison.
He's walking arsenic on two legs, on two stubs.
I'm leaving here yesterday.
We had a pretty good show yesterday, I would say.
It was fine.
We had a Zinion calls, a lot of idiots, but that's okay.
Yeah, that was all right.
I was feeling pretty good.
And as I head around the corner to walk out of the elevator,
there is a bluff in there, and he's got big fat,
Josh Friedman in there with him.
So I kind of waved and got out of there real quick,
because I don't want to smell the linger too bad.
I don't want to catch a gift with, if he catch my drift.
But then as I kind of went out in the hallway,
I thought, well, I'm going to go back and give him a shot,
because he did such a crappy job.
I mean, I'll horrendous job.
You give a big fat piece of turd,
a little bit of an assignment.
And can he do it?
No.
Can he get it done?
No.
Can he do it right?
No.
No.
Well, I suggested here, you know, weeks ago, weeks and weeks ago,
I suggested how come we don't have, since we're paying millions of dollars
for the rights of all these sports franchises,
how come we don't have any of the jocks recording promos
for all the shows on this station, including mine,
especially mine, since this is the one that I do.
Oh, yeah, green idea.
Green idea.
I mean, here's a station that the other end of the dial,
who in their mind, they believe they're competing with this station.
They have no audience.
They have no measure of a lot, and they don't exist.
And they've got the ingenuity to go out there
and get some of their nerds off their ass,
and go out there and say, hey, cut a promo for us.
Hi, this is Schlimey Cohen, and you're listening to whatever the hell it is.
What's wrong with that?
Good idea.
Everybody does it.
So who do they send out?
Somebody with a brain?
No.
Somebody with a personality?
No.
Somebody that doesn't smell too bad?
No.
No.
So you want to think I really respect about this radio station
as the people that they sent out to represent it.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
They must have a factory, where they just whip all these people out,
although we have encountered some of them in other places prior.
Not to mention fat boy.
See, that's the prerequisite is that you have to be big and fat,
much better than I am by a long shot.
I'm slim compared to...
You have to be big, disgusting, and waddle a lot,
and smell real bad and make a lot of body sounds,
and offend everybody immediately, or if not sooner.
And then you're qualified to go out and represent WQAM.
Basically a scumbag place anyway.
Oh, I will say this.
This is Paul Adams, the Florida Panthers,
Wilson and Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560.
Oi!
Hey, boy Paulie.
So there's one, and of course you got me to one with Robbie Needermar,
which I mean, Anne Mark Perish.
And then we got the promos from Joe Bowen
and the hairy Neal the voices of Toronto Maple Leafs back on
had great Monday night when they were here in town.
The ones that...
Hardly lovely.
And you can't understand any of their useless
because they're all distorted.
Because again, you give a piece of turret a very simple job
to go out there and you can't get a done.
So anyway, to make a longer story even longer,
which I will.
Oh, no, I...
Seriously, I know the governor said,
get their black ass out of here or whatever.
And then what's something like he said?
That's the rumor that I'm starting out here in.
Get their black...
Spook asses out of here or something.
So that on Channel 7, we'll talk about that.
And then finally, better late than never,
the FBI agent charged in the I-95 debts.
You know, they're a little bit slow on these things,
but sooner or later, if they come up with enough protest,
they get to it.
And then we got the Vermont hockey team.
The University of Vermont hockey team been suspended.
For another one of those hazing incidents.
Oh!
We'll talk about it.
But first,
let's do 20 or 30 hours on that slide.
Josh Friedman, because he's an asshole.
So anyways, I'm walking out of there.
I come back and I said,
when a nice job, I'm doing what was promo,
John, and Duff says,
Bluff says, Mr. Weekney's, Bluff Lindsey says,
well, we're talking about that right now,
as a matter of fact.
And big fat smelly, disgusting,
oozing, stapled up in one piece,
Josh Friedman says to me,
he says, oh yeah, well, I was over there this morning
and Paul Laws is the only one I would do it for.
He's the only one I would record a promo.
I said, he's the only one.
I find that kind of hard to believe.
He says, yeah, he says, I asked Ray Whitney
and he looked at me and turned around and walked away.
And I thought to myself,
no way.
It's not possible.
My good close personal friend, Ray Whitney,
who listens to this show,
who shook my hand so hard on the plane at time
and Toronto that it's still bleeding from it?
I don't believe it.
So to make a long story even longer,
I made a couple of calls that I want to mention
in names during the day,
but I thought I'll get to the bottom of this
because it sounds real.
It sounds fishy.
Something's things here.
Besides Josh Friedman.
It's hard to tell when he's around
because the aroma is so pungent and overwhelming.
You can't really tell where it from which it's emnating,
from which orifice.
Correct him, probably.
So anyway, I made a couple of calls
and I make a very long story even longer.
Last night at about the 10 past 11 o'clock,
one of my hockey people,
I don't want to mention rumors name,
called and said,
Ray Whitney just returned by call.
He said it's absolutely untrue.
He's furious.
He's psychotic with fat Josh Friedman.
He'd like to beat us not out of him.
And he tells me what the real story was.
Then five and later by phone rings again,
and there's my good close personal friend, Ray Whitney,
on a phone.
Telling me the real story about this,
which I'll get to is,
it's not really important because most of you
don't even know who Ray Whitney is.
You wouldn't know a hockey puck from a goddamn door stop.
But the fact is,
what do we have people like this going out
to represent this radio station?
Why can't we get something as simple and basic as this done
by people who like us, for example?
And I know it may come as a shock,
but actually are people out there who like us.
God.
Josh Friedman, man.
He's an asshole.
It's a matter of fact.
I almost forgot about this.
This would be perfect for this.
I'm going to tell you a story about the brand new world's
biggest ass hole.
And it's a brand new story about the brand new world's biggest ass hole.
His name is Josh Friedman.
And he's a new world's biggest ass hole.
Head past 10 at 560 WQAM.
No forcing of this broadcast may be reproduced without the word.
No, no, no.
A WQAM, B3, acquisition, court.
Hail Rogers Guy.
Danny and Dave.
Dave and Dave.
Dave and Dave.
Dave and Dave.
Danny and Dave.
Dave and Dave.
Danny and Dave.
Danny and Dave.
Danny and Dave.
Danny and Dave.
Danny and Dave and Dave and Dave and.
Danny and Dave and Dave and Dave and Dave.
Danny and Dave and Dave and Dave and Dave and Dave And Dave and Dave and Dave and Dave.
Danny and Dave.
Dave and Danny and Dave.
Oh yeah, what's your take on this day?
Oh, I love it.
Oh, dance.
Dance, dance, dance, dance, dance, dance.
Dance, dance, dance, dance, dance, dance, dance, dance.
Dance, dance, dance, dance, dance, dance, dance.
I don't know.
Who is it?
It's dais, man.
Baby and daddy.
Baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby.
So anyway, 10, 15 at 5.60 WQM, so getting back to my good close personal friend, Josh Friedman, he's an asshole.
So the reason that Ray Whitney turned around and walked away was because for the eight million time he was asking him,
as he always does, from what I'm told in our conversation last night, to record some stupid, comical thing for
Gelty and the guys in a worse team, which they're always going over there and bugging the guys to record silly love to make them back to sit down comedians,
which are the comedians?
No.
No.
They're athletes.
They're whatever they are.
And so after about the forum was, and my name was it ever mentioned?
No.
No.
My name was never mentioned.
And Ray Whitney assures me that if my name would have mentioned, he'd have been delighted.
He'd have been ecstatic to do a little promo, no problem at all.
But did Josh Friedman mention my name?
No.
Did he bother telling anybody that in the story?
No, because he's a piece of crap. He's a big disgusting obnoxious piece of crap
Was over a year ago that you told me that and I said yeah, you know cut the guy break
And then of course I didn't have to say when he weighed 700 pounds and I said you know something the big obnoxious part
And the smelly part right through the glass window. He's the only person I know can stand on the other side of a soundproof
Bulletproof glass window and you can still smell it
The chair still out there in the hall. Oh the Josh read memorial chair that they pushed out in the hallway because he stuck it up so bad
Nobody would sit on it the musical chair. It keeps moving around like somebody says sad on it with an H
Is what it's like if you catch that on he shed on it if it catch my drift he shmatt on it
Yeah, that's right
That's the past tense of Schmidt is Schmidt. He shmatt on it
Toba crap, okay, they hate you like poison over there Josh Freeman
They don't want to ever see your ugly pus again. They don't want to smel you. They don't want to know from you
They don't want to be bothered with you. They don't want to record anymore stupid little silly promos for guilty either while you're we're at it
You jackass you
One of them that Josh have a nice day
How many times have I talked about that this is the most bizarre place all
All all these years a hundred years. I've worked in radio and every place I worked
I got along with most of the people over some people like me some who hated me
But the generally speaking that we spoke
Because you go to work you get along here. I got a list as long as my arm of people
I won't look into might I want to speak to them. I don't want to see them
Now use the term people loosely by the way. They're not people. They're cretens
Because Greg reads specializes in that all the scum all the sewage that nobody else in a market will touch
That nobody would hire on a bet or all the sewage that they're desperately trying to squeeze out the door
They wind up here at Q.A.M. I hear it for your scumbag station for the 90 for it was now
What am I gonna say now? I can't say for the 90s anymore for the for the
Yeah
That does present a problem
For the 21st century. Are we in the 21st century? No, don't start that crap again, please
20 way governor Bush says get their black ass out of there something like that
Maybe that isn't exactly what he said. I didn't see the piece on Channel 7 this morning and he called Channel 7
To make sure they understand he was talking about the the news people the camera people not the two black legislators that are protesting
And I have to do agree by the way with the getting rid of affirmative action
So I disagree with those two smarts are sitting there, but they got to write this at their own protest. They're doing a little sit down
Get those smarts asses out of here something like that. He said get those spooks out of here. Is that what he said something?
Something sounded like that to me
Boy if we could only bring bring back the old hecoon, huh?
He could relate a little bit better to this problem. I'm against the affirmative action boys and girls if you're qualified
You're hired if not get lost go cry on somebody else's shoulder
Here's a very depressing thing
Speaking of a Whitney in the panthers and by the way Robert Steinbach in a hero today almost right to column that makes some sense
You go about halfway down and he gets lost
He totally gets lost, but he started out with good intentions
He says hey Dolphans get over it the worst thing about the Dolphins ignominious exit from this year's playoffs is the prospect of hearing Dolphans
Wine about it for the next seven months
Oh
With Jimmy Johnson tasty departure a new head coach and uncertainty about aging superstar Danny Marino's return
The typical software sports panel have plenty to obsess about until the kickoff of the 2000 season mercy
I have a suggestion get over it
Let football go for a while
South Florida's got two exciting first place pro teams that at least compared with the hapless Dolphans almost know what is noticed
The Florida panthers are dominating the NHL Southeast division behind goal scoring machine Tom Elbury and my close personal friend Ray Whitney
And led by Alonzo morning the best center in basketball the mommy heat is leading the NBA's Atlanta division
You can know they lost to the bowls last night and over time
Despite having to play without injured all star points are too hard away most of the season
And here's the interesting paragraph by Robert Steinbach
He says a real sports town would find a lot of consolation in those two winners using their success to suit the pain of the
62 to seven stomping the Jacksonville Jaguars put on the dolphins on Saturday
Yet I expect the usual pattern to hold
Let's pour local sports fans will waste three perfectly good seasons winter spring and summer
Drowning on endlessly about what went wrong and what must be done to save next year?
Spare me and at that after that he just think it's lost
Nice going there Robert
For half a column is better than none
And in my channel syrfan last night
I did see the guy from I mean win the million dollars by the way and that really got awful show
But it kills a good hour
We've come to a conclusion that's a really a very weak crucial
But it kills a good hour if there's nothing else on at all which there usually is not you flip over there and there's readers everybody likes readers right?
He's a good guy
And that show is it's taken off it got like a 99 sure it's the biggest damn thing
It's big nail it's big in a boat in the universe
So I did see the attorney of the lawyer guy from I mean win the million bucks, but I'm channel syrfan last night
And I come across on wendy which I never watch of course in less than a loaner with somebody I turn on wendy and there's the end the heat game
And it's almost over and I see that now they're like nippin tucked life and death with the bulls with the worst team in the history of basketball
And I thought that was kind of bizarre and I look around and a stand and looks like they just had a bomb scare
There's all these people disguised as yellow seats
It looked like a flea venomous center in Boston. There's all these empty seats. I mean thousands and thousands of empty seats
So a few minutes later I turn it on it says Chicago 80 Miami 80 going it over time
And now I look at the seats and it's the ends of people disguised as empty yellow seats
There's nobody there a few thousand maybe a handful
And just out of morbid curiosity I watch the overtime
Which do I ever watch pro basketball when I watch you over 10 to watch him get their ass to kick by a girls team
And by the time there was like 30 seconds left and that over time
You could have had your own section and gone bowling and played partigian there you could have played grab ass in the stand
There was nobody there
So this morning I'm watching on channel seven
I see governor Bush and get their black asses out of here or whatever you said and I see the clips from the lowlights from last
Game and they show in the first quarter and it's just as empty in the first quarter as it was at the end
Irregulated there was nobody there. I look at the paper this morning
You don't think Mickey is fake and he's attentive doing slipping out phony numbers
It said 19,000 some almost the sellout
There must be one hell of a lot of unsolved tickets for those guy named heat games. I'll tell you that because
Nobody is showing up now
Talk about a real sports pound or real town of any kind
Then I find in Michael Russo's column this morning this unbelievably a distressing piece
The Panthers who have a 14 point lead in the southeast division are months ahead of last year's pace
They've got the best home money percentage in the international hockey league
16 win three losses and two ties and unbelievable
833 percentage yet
Attendances in the bottom half of the league and the worst of any of the six division leaders
They're averaging 15,000 six eleven a game 350089 shorter capacity
They haven't sold out a game this season and they've drawn more than 17,000 only four times as of yesterday afternoon
5500 tickets remain for a night's game against the Washington caps
They won a five in a row the Panthers won five in a row
They're in second place in the division even though it's not close to the closest competitor
It should be it's an important game
Does anybody care? No anybody interested? No anybody buying any of those 5500 tickets? No
It's still Danny and Jimmy and Dave and Danny and just like Robert Steinbeck says a one note town just like I said yesterday
I'm embarrassed for this town. I'm humiliated guys come in here
They do a real good job to put an exciting product out there for you
And I'm tired to hear in the belly. He can and all these front-running ponies. Oh, we'll wait till the playoffs start
If you can make the drive if you can make the slut from all the way down there in Kindle wherever you are
A good friend Howard Kleinberg it is why they show up every guy then game just about right
For some strange reason they make it all the way from way down here and South day up there and it's not that dig of a deal okay?
That's that dig of a slip
There everybody here. It's the town of excuse makers and town of whiners like the guy to call yesterday
Well, we wanted to buy four tickets, but we had to do this and he lives like 15 minutes from the arena
He could have gone down there anytime he wanted or sent somebody down or anytime he wanted and bought the tickets right there at the box or office
But he'd rather wine and belly ache and bitch and complain and yeah
Get really old and still
really tired
And this afternoon I got to go for my abdominal and pelvic catch scan so no
Let me forget 35 minutes. I got a drink. They're really good crap. That's what they call it
You called it vile
Oh, seriously, what do they call that stuff?
Periam
Periam and about through the mouth. Yeah, we're heading to animal through your mouth
Yeah, well, that's what it is you got to drink that stuff and then three
I got to drink another one and then they just want to take a look inside because this stuff just lingers on and I feel like crap
And I got this cold sore here on my lip and I look like yeah, no, I can invulid
But I'll still make it over the game sooner or later. Maybe a little later than usual. I'll be there
With this front running to Tony town. It's all that they think they know they don't even know it because they don't know what they're talking about
That's all they think they know
Is the fish this and the fish that and you can smell it all the way over here
It's either that or Josh Friedman. Do I want to talk about him again?
Maybe a couple more hours that jackass the disgusting turd
Stayed out away from here your persona non-grata and I use the term persona loosely. Okay?
Your fat sonon grata in this studio Friedman
Jim Manditz talks for a rat
Yes, right here on sports radio 560
Hey, ow can beat that gator meat and now it's time for another edition of the unpublished works of Dr.
Suks today selection
Horton hears a hoe
Forny Horton hears a hoe calling to him have you got money to blow?
Why yes, Horton said quickly sporting a pole. There's a hundred in my bucket and it's burning a hole
I'll take off my clothes if you give me your cash and Horton got excited as she exposed her bear
Essential thin Horton did mount her and boy was he glad when she screamed you're the biggest Horton
When Horton was done he smiled and sat for a smoke but the hose started laughing Horton said what's the joke?
Then the hole turned around and Horton looked and got sick because this hole like Horton had a big
Harry
That was another selection from the unpublished works of Dr. Suks
Thank him 31 you welcome to 560 W to QAM
So anyway the word is Josh Friedman is doing that hockey beat over there because it was kicked off every radio show on his radio station
Is that the real word?
Then nobody will let them produce the show because he's disgusting and obnoxious and the nauseating and smells real bad
And this personality's like in a minus column. Is that the real reason? Uh-huh
So he wants to have taken a good guy's job
From covering the a panther beat over there and the doing the stuff which is somebody competent like the other guy
Would have been doing that job. We'd already had the promo a long time ago without any problem without any stories
When I bother and read Whitney or uh rumor anybody else
But when you're dealing with people who are just obnoxious and nobody wants nothing to do with them
And because he's on a salary they got to find something for this tub to do
How about just sitting in there in a bullpen
And eat all day they would be good which quite frankly every time I've ever seen him in there
He had food shoved in his big fat push not a lot of half food in there by the way. Oh
Oh, I don't like what's his name find out from over there Bob the Moose from the West Coast. They'll you know, stitch on him
Like a kindergarten
kindergarten we got three adults the ledge working on it morning show
Oh, we don't want to be eaten and they went on a food and hear what Bob the Moose is around because he'll go back and stitch to the bees
Over and four mires
Oh my god
Get out the pale in the sandbox get out the shovel
Yeah, that too
Vermont hockey season ended after investigation
Vermont lawmakers say they're disappointed by the decision the cancel the rest of the season for university of Vermont men's hockey team
But most field was inappropriate step. Uh-huh
University president Judith Ramley announced Friday that the remainder of the season was being canceled
Because some players have been dishonest with school officials during an investigation into
Hazing that occurred last fall
It's a very sad thing for the university hockey program
But it's a good thing for establishing a tenor that hazing will not occur governor Howard Dean said
The hazing allegations surface last fall the situation gained urgency last month after former goalie Cori and Lot Tulip
filed a suit that outlined the details of the hazing
I guess they were looking at his to leap
University officials were criticized for the speed of their response to the allegations on January 4th
Officials released to report detailing the allegations against the ECAC division one hockey team
Freshman players were allegedly required to play drinking games parade naked while holding each other's genitals
All right and threatened with other degrading acts
I rest my case for the eight billionth time you assholes out there who winded in aisle
About this whole fraternal ass grabbing thing there you are
Freshman players were allegedly required to play drinking games parade naked while holding each other's genitals
And threatened with other degrading acts like maybe a few spankings on a rectum stuff like that
But mostly sir a circled around jerk getting a naked
Sounds awfully familiar like that book that I read that I brought in here that one day
That's certain hockey people not to mention remember and they all stracking a lot of other people don't want to read
Because they can't face the truth because they're in denial
That's that I want to quote anybody out there, but they're in denial about these all of these things
All you
Macho sports guys man all you macho fraternity guys like that guy to call that day about running naked
There's nothing like running naked on the beach with your buddies
Yeah, that's what he said
There's there's nothing like running naked on the beach with all your buddies. Here's a mobile in bouquet. Hello. Yeah, how you doing?
I'm doing okay. Well, you know, yeah, I wanted to talk to you a little bit about this fraternity business. Yeah, that's him
We saved the call that would that that along with the bridge center. I guess that's the
Yeah, two classics over 24 years the fraternity hazing guy
Who culminates who caps off a an otherwise brilliant call
With that statement there's nothing like running naked with your buddies on the beach a real good heterosexual sounding
thing to make yeah
Almost as heterosexual as holding each other's genitals
Yeah
Well if there's no passion. Oh, that's right. I forgot that's what they say in the church
There was no passion involved so it didn't make it sexual was just
There's no fact in the church. We're just having fun boys will be boys stuff like that
Priests will be priests
So there you go goodbye to the University of Vermont hockey season
And you mostly continue to be into not you won't mess up
I mean that one day we did have a little bit of success including that guy getting some fraternity people to call in on a show
After years and years of trying, but I you know, I'd be embarrassed too. Well, no, I wouldn't be embarrassed because
You know, I like it but at any rate
No, seriously, I mean if I were supposedly some heterosexual guy am I heterosexual guy? No, I suppose
There were some
And I came on a year and talked about all of these activities
I participated in in college and athletics and so on and in gym class and in wrestling class
I'm groping some guys genitals down there
And grasping under his armpits and under his spectrum all his other body parts
I'd be probably embarrassed to talk about that in detail too
Real embarrassed
Now somebody like Joe Castello on the other hand who's a real balls-on guy
Okay, let's leave him alone. Okay, he's already had enough
pressure left stress
Protest occupies bushes sweet. We'll get to that
Let's take somebody's great calls because he was a mobile in Nassau. Hello. Hey, Neil. How you doing? Okay, sir?
I'm calling this is the eye man. I love you guys, Daniel
What's what's going on with your boy when he wanted to get those guys asses off the TV man?
How do you like that? He said get their dark black asses out of here something like that
I was just slipping through
Next thing I know is I get those asses out of like what the hell on?
Okay, those porch muckies off my couch or something of that effect. I'm maybe a you know paraphrasing
Yeah, let's go. Let's say uh second time. Carla
Could I call one of my cool wigs to do strike? Yeah, man. Go ahead. Oh, not on the year though
56705 60 pound 560 on the AT&T line as they continue asking the musical question here in South Florida
Where are the fans?
Not just the usual winers the Danny and Jimmy Crowe the one note Charlie's
But where are all the fans? Where are the living and breathing people as you drive around down here
Don't you see all just tons of living and breathing people? No, no last time I saw live in breathing people with this past weekend at the MGM granted Vegas in all over the city
Living and breathing people there were old people there were like kids there were people of all ages
But loads and loads and loads squirt squirt not that kind of load well. I guess so loads of living and breathing people
What a shock and you want to know one of the reasons I had set one of many reasons
I had such a great time in Vegas even though I left my usual contribution is because Josh Friedman wasn't there. Oh
I may just do the next month every day may do an hour and a half son of a bitch, you know
Turned and walked away. He neglected to mention that he never mentioned my name
That had anything to do with oh god just convening to let that out
And over the years I've said many many times and I do believe that just like that jackass son Nelson
You know from the airport that the parks from Toronto do I care about people like that? No, I don't know them
So if you want to be rude go right ahead doesn't influence being a least bit
But if it's somebody I like somebody I respect somebody I assume who likes me
And allegedly they shine me I have to raise four eyebrows about that and assume that once again Josh Friedman is just being Josh Friedman
He's an asshole
He's an asshole
despised by all
If we took a poll in this building it would be unanimous is there anybody this building could say anything good about this tub of large no
Would anybody raise a whimper in protest and say you're being a little bit tough on this big turd burger
What anybody say that no?
Would any of the people over there at the panther at the macarena defend Josh Friedman
Say boy, we'd sure like to see him again here every day. No practice and with a stupid tape recorder. No shoving him in our place. No
How does it feel to be universally reviled by the entire real human race Josh Friedman how does it feel
Besides fat and smelly
24 11 at 560 WQM is
Today's broadcast is brought to you by new
Conclin the all-purpose cleaner see this shirt it's a clean
How nasty is this carpet thing well just dropped out of your knees use a little bit of elbow grease and
Conclin it. Yes, you can clean anything
Clean your dog and clean your silverware
I can clean your car. I can clean everything you own
Get I can clean today come visit one of our eight I can clean stores or look us up on the web at
Conclin.com and
I can clean it up
16 before a lot of it at 560 WQM FBI agent charge and i95 death
It's that better late than never
Nearly two months after an FBI agent nearly drive allegedly driving the wrong way and i95 plugged into and killed two
Lotter Hill brothers the barricaded attorney's office finally yesterday filed manslaughter and homicide charges against the agent
David Firol 36 of coconut Creek and charged with two counts of vehicular homicide two counts of driving under the influence a slash manslaughter
And two counts of driving the unlawful but alcohol level slash manslaughter
Line issue I spoke to him from the broward state attorney's office
The charges include one count each for the death of brothers morris Williams 23 and Craig chambers 19
Isn't that interesting by the way how they tried to turn the tables around in the beginning and say the brothers were driving the wrong way
Uh-huh, which they were not
Just covered up just get the big pale out there and try to get enough sand and crap to cover it up
But they couldn't do it this time
I
Protest occupies the governor's suite
What we'll need to say those two uh-s books does that what you say get those books out of their asses out of here something like that
After failing to persuade governor bush to back off his plan to end affirmative action two black state legislators states in
1960s style uh- sit in on Tuesday night taking over Bush's office suite in telehasse
With nine reporters in two capital security guards looking on senator Kendrick meek and represented a Tony Hill
We're still camped out in lieutenant governor frank brogans office and the governor suite 11 30 last night following they were just getting started
Meek was angered when he learned that bush was caught on videotape saying kick their asses out
Your mark came after a news briefing. It wasn't clear. Who he was addressing or whether he was referring to the legislators or reporters or both
Bush called WSBN channel seven in Miami which aired the tape and said the comment referred to the reporters in brogans office
We believe that no no, I don't believe that
I mean of course he's gonna say that he's gonna pretend that because it's not politically correct to say get those spooks out of here get their asses out of here
Get those are clouds those monkeys those uh
Coons go those mulees get them out of here. That's just not politically correct. Is it no for the governor of the state of Florida
I wouldn't be surprised very soon if we joined Georgian South Carolina and have the rebel flag right up there with a goddamn US flag on a state capital in talent
I can't believe it yeah, I believe it
And like I said, I'm vehemently opposed to affirmative action, but
But who he'd be kidding. How's this governor fooling anybody with a brain. No, no
When you say get those nigger asses out here whatever was he said and it's something like that
Not really positive when you say something like that. I have to really wonder about it
There's all kinds of crap visions of Latin Grammy show dim for South Florida
Wish we already pretty much were sure of that weren't we?
South Florida's hopes to win the first ever Latin Grammy Awards and internationally televised show
They would have paid huge dividends for the entertainment industry in Broward County appear to have all but faded
Boy the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences which we
Wish puts on the Grammys will announce today that CBS has been selected and televised the show in September that decision
There will be an out in Los Angeles is telling because the announcement is usually made in the host city
They're gonna be in Los Angeles. They got plenty of Julio's out there right?
And do they care about alien in Los Angeles? No, no, do they care about performers from Cuba performing out there? No
No
It says the county owned facility the American Airlines arena the Mickey arena can't be used in date county because of a law and date
Barring the county from doing business with any group that includes representatives from Cuba
Grammy officials said they wouldn't organize the show in any city where Cuban musicians cannot participate
The National Car Yanta Center and Sunrise had emerged as an alternative
Particularly because attendees could have been shuttle to post Grammy parties in Miami Beach
Broward and Miami Beach offered generous incentives, but not enough to overcome
Days unwillingness to offset the cost of cultural programs
So once again the entire South Florida area suffers from the myopic hysteria of the county of those idiots who are running around going
Non stop to the detriment of all the rest of us pretty god damn annoying
5 6 7 0 5 60 let's get these phones smoking here this morning boys and girls
Because then about a couple of minutes here. I'm gonna have to start drinking my barium stuff man
It's gonna be delicious. What are you looking like that? There's only about what a gallon of this then I got to drink another one of three
And then another one when I get there and then they stick the iodine and the IV you know and they look all around it
I haven't seen that and
And by the way, it's only gonna cost me because I don't have medical insurance. I have hospitalization
I'm not an employee here, so I have no medical insurance and I can afford to pay for my prescriptions and stuff like that
It's only gonna cost four grand
For two x-rays today
How do you like that?
$1,000 freaking dollars for a couple of x-rays
You think it's gonna cost them four thousand dollars to do it? No, no
That's medical care in America for you boys and girls
Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello
Yes, sir. How you doing great? I was watching that at Channel 7 and then a rich anxious trying to cover up for
The boy saying that cover up his white ass. Yeah, I doubt it
But uh anyways, before you go to doctor today, I'm gonna say put on two gowns
Uh, they don't have to see your butt, you know, but when I'm back as well. Okay, great
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line
Here's point and V. Tello. Hey, Neil, my first time calling. Yes, sir. You talking about the fat people earlier
The worst things we've done is be trapped in an elevator in an old person. It's a fan. Yeah
One day I got stuck in an elevator the elevator stops
Just cut off I had caught an elevator with an old person for about a half an hour
Man, it was like hell. I mean
It smelled anything worse in my life. Yeah, even the toe jam is bad enough to drive you out. Oh, yeah
Especially their breath is like taking like Bruce Lee
I mean, it's like the worst thing. Okay, don't do it again speaking of old people by the way. So yesterday I'm going home
And I feel which album getting off on pineapple off 595 and there's two lanes
Turn right there's one that's backed up forever and in the middle lane you can go straight or make a right
But there are two big signs there that say in the right hand over there right hand lane
It says turn on right on red allowed in this lane and when the middle lane it says no turn on right allowed in this lane
Which makes sense
Because it never is when you have a middle lane that you can make a right turn you can't do it on red
There's a big sign to tell you that
And I hear I'm sitting there. I'm first in line
And the people of the right of me are making the right turn because there's no oncoming traffic
And I would like to go but I'm not going to break the law there get a ticket because I'm impatient for 45 seconds and can't wait for the light to turn green
I hear a hawk behind me and I take a look and here's this old geezer in his wife in this big white some kind of Toyota back there
And I start getting very agitated. I rule the window down
I says you see the sign asshole it says no turn from this lane on red
And he opens up his way
And he starts talking to Horn again
So finally I made the turn even on a red light. I made the turn anyway
You didn't shoot him. He didn't pull out your gun. I was thinking about it
But the best news is that I have a mile up the road
He'd done your wife somebody else out. I'm looking at the review mirror
And he starts pulling over in the middle lane the only problem is there's somebody else there already
This man was 175 easy
And his wife she looked and looked to me like she must have died 20 years ago
He just had the body like like
Anthony Perkins
He just had the body hanging around just to keep him company because nobody it's kind of like a Josh Friedman thing
Nobody else would get near him
So we had a dead body sitting in the passenger seat. That's what she looked like
Like she belonged in a mortuary
And he's I hate to break the news to asshole but you should get off the road park it and throw it to keys
Walk
Get the walker out and get out of our face get off the road
It's people like you that are causing the rest of us to get killed you all disgusting
Slav you
Make it up a big no
Like this
Of course, could you read the sign? Probably couldn't even see the guy damn sign
Probably got a 20 year renewal in the mail from the state of Florida
How come none of these oh, I see here's a mobile and coconut creek hello
Hey Neil yes, sir. Let's talk about some important. Yes Tom Green
Have you seen the show lately? No, I don't think he's on anymore. I heard a rumor
Hey, we we dispel that rumor yesterday. Okay. I didn't didn't hear the show yet. There's another internet rumor
He didn't dress up as a popular debar mitzvah mtv hasn't canceled the show
He never stole a freight train and Tom Green is alive and well can't do it
And maybe the show is on hiatus or whatever, but there's no problem
Good I was oh god scared I just heard that today
And well you hear it because this is what happens with these internet rumors all but that some little geek starts this crap and right away
It's all over the internet and people are spreading the rumors and it's just another bunch of crap. Tell me that wouldn't have been funny
Yeah, it would have been pretty good. Well, you do it. Oh, thanks. No, thanks. Bye. Okay
Well, it's gonna be someday here today. I'll take you that. I'm gonna I'm gonna drink this stuff right now
Mom supposed to
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Yeah, I knew
um, I was wondering are you familiar with on the internet the site called the link up? No
It's not a computer nerd. I don't the this one you got to check out if you go to www.thewinkup.com. Yeah, someone has
um
right
All right every every single crime for not only pedophiles, but also rip off you know money. I mean right you have to see this site
I wish you were on a west coast. Oh right every every news report every
Police report and it's in thousands and thousands and thousands and what's the address again? It's called w
It's a www.thewinkup. ch-e-l-i-n-k-u-p
The lockup the link up. Oh the link up. Yeah. Dot com and then slash
CR-I-M-I-N-D-E-X dot H-E-M
I'm never gonna get all the way. Oh, you gotta check somebody will have to pack over you gotta see this site
I'm I'm talking thousands and thousands of reports of
Of every client incidents. Right. That you can imagine
Someone really did a great job on that. And and it's constantly updated
You can go back through the archives for like years and seemed like you know you name it
and it's there
Okay, check it out somebody will have faxed to me because I'm too lazy to do it. Thank you sir. Okay
Okay, some more isolated incidents for you to research
1056-567-0560 pound five sixty on a AT&T line. Where are the fans? Where are the callers?
Where are the living and breathing people? The search party is it out here today?
Okay, let's get the search party out. Oh god. It's almost time to start drinking this good stuff. Man, I can't wait. Huh?
And this is all I can have today by the way because I could have eaten up to 11 o'clock
Did I take advantage of that opportunity? No, because I figured it's another good excuse to fast
That's gonna be my new diet. I'm just gonna fast. I'm gonna do a Mahatma Gandhi diet
Don't have to worry about carbs. Don't have to worry about calories. Huh? What's wrong with that?
Nothing you can fast for affirmative action. Have a hunger strike. I can go there and sit in here get that
Get those bags out of here. Yeah, you could do a hunger strike for the other for the other side
1056-560 Q-Win
Only one South Florida radio station has the hammer and you're listening to
Over weekday afternoon to two sports radio 560 Q-A-F-D
I
One two
Three I made it through college and average to see I have a lot of money
But not much of a brain I'm supposed to use voters who were justice lame
But I could say one thing that you can my daddy is an ex-president saying I got money
Power in up to lose. I can do anything I choose
A little bit of cash is all I need to satisfy my ego and my greed
Anitulative marketing is all I use the garner vote for more
You remember to vote for George Bush and those of you who don't you can kiss my touch
You see what matters to me about the presidency
Is that a makes a nice conversation things?
I'm the king of denial to I have no problem
Life to you. So I have to go important for you to know whether or not I did blow a little bit of cocaine
My nose a little bit of tooth a little blow
I'm elected out putting it all back
And I put up the concentration
It's 1102 at 560 WQM Hankleby at Shulas today at two and the guilty on game night six o'clock tonight
If we got the caps that the pants is one I'm going to tell you does this stuff taste good or what?
A barrier my animal through your purse through a straw
Oh my god all I can say is
Barrow cat burium assault bait suspension
But of course to make it taste all that much better they've added citric acid flavoring artificial sweetener too
Does that make you taste good? No taste like Schmidt oh
Man, I'm looking at the uh say how much is left in here?
And you're still like about a third of it left you turn wow
And then I got to drink another one of these at three
And then another one 430 when it go in here as they prepare me to stick my the eye on my thing
And then look around and look around and I just know for $4,000. They better find something like maybe a 20 pound tumor or anything
You know
I'm gonna take a this phone and this doesn't look too promising. They let me just check these out. Okay, not that I'm paranoid
I just want to make damn sure that these might be working today. Okay, because it doesn't look like we got
How about mine 70 they fixed that
Since yesterday or this still
Huh? Come like half and a half
5
560 at 05 60 pound 560 on the 18 T line. We got 75 minute open lines here today
We're looking for the living and breathing and we can't seem to find them here's Palm Beach hello
Hey, Neil how are you okay sir? I don't know if you have the sun sentinel. I got it
Page 18 A inside the opinion page. Do you see that today about what it's about it?
It's about Ellie on it got him on the $20 bill. No, it says why stop at me a citizenship
It's got Ellie and Guttons out was in the center of a $20 bill
18 A 18 A
In the front in the front. Oh, yeah, there it is why stop at my citizenship. This is
Lowest cartoon. Yeah, that I'm believe that's cute. I'm moving out of the goddamn country. Okay, good luck
I'll see I'll see if the a barrier minimal place. I think I'd rather have a barrier minimal than drink this crap. I'll tell you that excuse me
Hmm. Oh
Man, is that which mid or what huh?
Wow
How in the world are you supposed to be able to drink this crap?
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir
I'm pretty amazed you're actually able to talk after drinking that stuff. Have you ever had it? Yes, sir
I've had to even test you had. Woo, but do you know that once you go take the test, you're gonna stick the same stuff
in your rear in your here in your rear and fill your intestines really with the same liquid and you're gonna feel like you want to
Oh
I had to be a lot of fun with that hockey game tonight. Wow
I can really super that's why you beauty. Thanks for the good news. Good luck. Thanks for the warning
How do you like that? Anybody else out there ever have any of this burium crap and uh, they're gonna stick it in my back
Go geez. I'm gonna have it from head to toe
I'm gonna be the truck man
Get even with some of those back dudes at the hockey game in my section that I'll tell you that
Stay the hell away
Oh
Man is this delicious or what? It is
Yes
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound it look come on. Let's go back to some doctored talk
Last week they looked at my rectum down my stomach and didn't find a guy named thing and to be honest with this
Sunday's I feel like it's all gone away and that other days it makes a comeback and then I got this cold sore that I think really
Had more to do with my chaplips from Vegas than anything else
It's called getting old and sick is what it's called. It's called being a walking wreck
I think there maybe it's just a QAM disease you think that might be it
Uh-huh because I felt pretty good yesterday and after one day back here all of a sudden I'm having a relapse
Well, maybe that was because of Josh Friedman
He could do it. He's the killer. That's what somebody told me. I don't want to mention any names on the ear
Here's a call from Jacksonville. Hello
Neil home of the jaguars who beat it off in 62 to 7 on Saturday. That's right baby. Yes sir. Nice going pal
Long time with sir for the offense to him and great job
Thank you very much. Give me sexual excitement to see that
I like to think I had a big part in that win. Mm-hmm, but I didn't
Me, you uh, I'm listening up in Jacksonville on the internet right and I gotta say I'm wasting my precious internet time on these callers
I vote for no calls
And I hope your rectum's okay. Okay. Thanks. Yeah. No, it's fine. I don't think there's anything wrong with my
rectum. My rectum's okay. Although I did one time have that bruise rectum. Remember that? Oh, that was bad
No, it's my guts that I'm worried about like but you know, it's uh all around here
But this thing moves around. It's here. It's there. It's all over the place and the doctors can they diagnose anything? No
Maybe for a million dollars they might diagnose something but I doubt it
They do blood tests. They look in your ear. They look in your rectum weird. They look all over the place and uh, and then of course the stool samples
I'll forget about that
Since I can't eat today. Why should the rest of you have an appetite? Let's talk about those stool samples
They were lovely. They were beautiful
Was there anything amiss in the blood sample? No, yeah stool samples. No. My stool was as
As pure as the fallen snow as ivory soap
Which is comforting to know if you fill up all those tubes and the ish mirrored on those things
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 and of course, this is your god. He works in mysterious ways. You do understand that. Don't you?
Uh-huh. This is the Lord
He's sending a message
Here's a mobile and four-letter deal. Hello
Maybe I'll order. Okay, sir. Well, you're lying's really early and you have never been through this quick
I don't know. There's nothing going on today. She's the least
Well, they're all in morning now. Don't you understand they can't they can't deal with reality
I got a couple things on my shits gears there first of all staying the doctor thing
I had a bad doctor kidney stones before. Yeah
They stick a tube in the front of you not in the back of you to go up and check around up in there
Right, I guess they call the catheter I think. Oh god. Whoa. They knock the stone out of the way so you can pee
Uh, let me tell you that's nothing. We're a little drinking the bearing. He is nothing compared to what you got to go through for that. Yeah
Um, like I said, I want to shit here. They just wrote through a
um, uh, how do you say it a non-caucasian neighborhood being politically correct? Yeah, cool neighborhood. Yeah
And uh gas places were about 10 to 12 cents a gallon higher
In those neighborhoods. Oh sure, and if you go into the stores there like the convenience stores
It'll be the same thing every item will be like 5 10 15% higher
Well, you know, just to show you what I'm talking about I had to stop you gas you know the bulb is scared of my life
I got in there. I thought I'm out and do this is all part of the new the governor's new
Gouge the coon program anyway go ahead
I went in and I bought one of those 20 ounce mountain dudes which of course is loaded with kittings which is the worst thing
I was you can have for kidney stones, but I did it anyway
Normally I pay 99 cents for those you know, I could dollar five with tax whatever it was a dollar and 27 cents
You know, yeah, and I'm not worried about the 27 cents. I don't give a crap about that
But it's just a simple matter of the fact that
Why is it that in these neighborhoods that are a little you know recessed to start with why they charge so much more
Like I said, it's good pushes rip off the a darky program a bro a loaf of bread was 225 in this place. You know
25
Wonder why those people are knocking off for convenience stores and gas stations
Absolutely unheard of here. Here is a pretend it's uh, you know, so they can feed their crack problem. Oh, it is right one more quick question
Yes, sir. I'm not gonna say the name of the gas station. I want to put anyone down, but you drive by and you see the
A gas station a big chain and at the dollar 41 you drive two blocks down the road the same brand gas station at the dollar 33
In the same neighborhood. How can they you know, you know, I got a
Unless unless you want your kidney stones to come back stay out of the hood you got a body
Yeah, Governor Bush is instituted his new rip off the porch monkey program and it seems to be working very effectively
56705 sticky get the raster's out of here
I sure hope you had a chance to see that on channel seven
I was very very lucky see I watched seven in the morning because four now is got to that Brian Gumball thing
They have no local news anymore, which is a total waste and they got all these network shows on here
I want to see what's going on right here
I want to see all the good crap all the bodies and that stuff. Oh, and by the way, speaking of bodies
Do you see the thing all the TV shows were showing last night because they've got it that video
From when they abusted the swing clubs and they got the video
The surveillance video, which is very like he knows that no, somebody was telling me about that. Yeah, it's not a new bus
They just have the video from the old bus. That's what's right. Okay, but nevertheless
I mean there's some
Parts in their somewhere and they're showing it on there. I guess because it's hazy and whatever it makes it okay
I want to know who the female cop is that got naked as part of the undercover rock. Oh, she's got a lot over her head
She looks like she belongs in Iraq
She has a rack good place for 10 past 11 at 560 WQA
The sports leader
Sports radio 560
Q a
M
Hi, this is Paul Lazarus of the Florida Panthers. You're listening to Neil Rogers on sports radio 560
All right
My little granny
Well, he's a talent happy
Well, he's a president and he'll son who doesn't have to run
He had the golden soon he was born with something's ass to look out on you
Get ready for the gas
He'll give our civil rights to Andy
I see the talent has been at the love of a ballet
Well, he's a very wealthy dude with very fast shoes who never paid his dues by the tier will all be screwed
She
With that raise against buddy, but hey, why do you think they call it?
Gilbert the twirl anyway
He's a talent happy
He'll need to take a take
Yeah, he's a talent happy
Oh
Get their spook asses out of here. Come on
11 15 at 560 WQM 5 670 560 by the way be very proud of me
I finished my first container of
Hurry, I'm in a mouth through the mouth whatever that stuff is with the straw and it was delicious
man
Here's the mobile in Hollywood hello
Hey, now how you doing okay? I wanted to call about why people are coming to the
Panther and the
Heat game yes, sir and I believe it's because they priced them out of the market is that it it costs too much yeah
The average for working person just can't afford to go anymore
With all the cock parking and the ticket prices and the
Well, let me let me ask you this question
I mean the only raise the prices a very small amount this year and how come last year
I know it was the novelty of a new building
How come we had so many sellouts last year game after game after game and a lot of games there was
17 18,000 and this year is like death Valley days
Well, you make a good point. I don't know the answer to that one
It just seems to me that in addition to which the thing I find bizarre is that last year the team really was pretty boring
And had a very bad year mr. Playoffs again and this year we got to one of the two hottest teams that league going right now and
Nobody gives a crap. Yeah, well, you know, you know how the fans around here either they're front running their
You know, come on the bandwagon
They can't handle success you know for the life of me the heat thing just amazes me because at least the Panthers are even on a bad night
You know doesn't look that bad in there, but watching that thing last night
I bet you there weren't half the seats filled even at the height of the crowd or whatever it was there were half of the seats were empty
Well, who wants to go to the balls if you can't see Michael and Scotty and all the rings, you know
Yeah, but that's a pretty sad commentary that you know people picking shoes what teams they want to go to see instead of
Going to see the home team. You know how to stand here. There's more New York fans down here than there are many fans. Yeah
Also, I
Well, we can count on the 50 Washington cast fans you want up tonight
For sure get out to sympathize with your your procedure this afternoon. Yeah, I had a similar thing where you have to drink a gallon of
Of stuff to flush out right go in and they put the little tube in the other end and pump you fall and take a picture
No fun. Oh, so they're gonna they're gonna put a tube in my
Backdome and pump a floor or that stuff. I'm not sure because you're you're drinking stuff
You're drinking the barium sulfate see when I had it
I had to drink the there was like it was like a
Laxitive solution. Yeah, I don't think they do that anymore. They completely clean me out
Well, this is a couple of years ago, and you know technology
Yeah, they're amazing where they stick it now. They're always stick it away the torture you know
Those doctors, you know, they love to watch you squirm. Well, I'm gonna try to hold it in the save it for the high-end game
And just to have him give you something nice, you know the little valium
Oh, they don't they don't this is just an x-ray. They don't the knock you up for this
Yeah, well, hopefully not then because the one that I had boy, I tell you what it was not fun. Okay
All right, sir, looking forward to it. Thanks a lot pal. Okay, there sounds like some encouragement there, huh? It's gonna be bad
It's gonna be bad for a cat scan. I had a cat scan in my brain just like Greg Reed did although at least they fun one in my head
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line
Here's homestead. Hello. Good morning, sir. How are you okay? All right a couple of things one
My wife for she works in the medical field. She heard you mentioned your MRI and the cost
Um, if you don't have insurance don't even hesitate to ask for a discount
Because these HMOs have driven the to ask for a discount or based on what my good looks or because you're paying cash
Yeah, if if they build a insurance company or an HMO they're gonna collect maybe 1500 bucks
Top right out of four thousand. Yes
If that so why are they soaking me for a grant? It's because they can't one, huh? Because they can't because I got a big
Spender in a big shot. Well, no because if you're willing to pay it they're willing to charge it
I see see the Medicare rates the way they're set is they say they'll pay 50%
up to
Save $1300 of any procedure so they build it at five six eight ten thousand dollars. They still get 1300
Oh, that's a great scan and it's the federal government now
That's when they set it up and the only HMOs are following. I would it would seem to me since I got 50 different doctors going now
The one of my doctors would have arranged since he arranged for this thing to be done there in the hospital in Coral Springs
He would have arranged uh for you know since he knows I have no insurance and I'm paying cash even a big shooter like me
He would have saved me some money. Why would you do that?
Yeah, that's a good point. He wanted to care. There are two other things real quick
Hank
Hank redeemed himself yesterday on one he trashed thoroughly trashed one of the
X coaches of one of the Miami teams
And accused him of ruining the team and all this other stuff
What the X coaches? Yeah, the big X coach
Not Jimmy. Yeah, I'm going to go that's not what I heard when I was driving home yesterday
He was he was falling over one of the great three years we had it on a personal level
I like going out and getting a beer and he was great. He was a lot of fun
I didn't hear that one and I thought to myself that's all fine personal
But my comments are business. I don't care about what the guys like personally is a business
He accused him of personally ruining the offensive team really yeah nice going airhunter
On sardis game must do how to take it with yes sir on sardis game
I couldn't stand the listening to channel four so we had the TV on and we put on
On the radio. Yeah, Mandage is the best he is man
You know listen to the tape of that game just to get the manage out of it
You could do a CD on drops of his I agree the crappy pulled on it. Okay. All right, man. Thanks for the good news
Okay, I'm going in there. I want a discount. Okay. I want a big discount
In hospitals afternoon or I may be a protest. I may spit out the crap. I may just squat right there and
dump it all out on the lobby
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. This is starting to sound to me like a little bit more than I would bargain for
You know what I'm saying? I thought would like a
A what do they call it the cow cat scan and they have abdominal cancer you drink this stuff and it goes into your kishkis and then they put you under the thing because I've been in that thing and they take a look and that's it
And evidently no they have one more excuse to screw it around with your acto. Yeah, always got some excuse to stick their nose in there
Or whatever they can here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey Neil
The adkins died. I went out about three years ago. I lost 40 pounds. Yes
And I've heard you since then say how it stopped working for you. Yeah
Well, I gained about 10 pounds over the holidays and it stopped working for me too. So does the doctor changing about that in his book that phenomena?
That it stops working? Yeah, that it just
He claims that you can't go through plaque toes. You know, you just have to keep with it and it'll kick in again
I don't know. It just does nothing for me
I can't do anything since the first of the year. I've been trying to lose the 10 pounds and I've done a thing
I've been behaving myself real good. Yeah
All right, see you at the game and I would prefer a couple of these tests. I'm having you'll lose weight like crazy
No, thanks. Okay. See you tonight. I'll be there tonight. I'll be the one gushing out there
Burium all over the place
Five six and fact that's what somebody said to me yesterday if you see Josh Freeman burium
five six seven oh five sixty pounds five sixty on the AT&T wireless line
eight seven seven seven eight five sixty three forty five got a real
lackluster or response here today. I'll tell you
really lackluster weak
I didn't price this all out this time got more guided excuses than Carter's got pills
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello
Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Hi. I just have a comment to say if any heat player is listening to this show. Yes
I am so glad that we have a real team in the fanters to watch
This is incredible. We have no team. They all do the same. I'm just expecting the panthers to do the same
Anyone and I hope they don't go. What does that what does that mean?
I mean they all do the same. I don't understand. They are they're all up at the top at one point and then booth
They go back down. Yeah. I don't see the panthers going back down anywhere. I hope not I hope not
I mean that's a hot team to watch right now. I really enjoy them right well. Hope see you again tonight. Okay. I'll be there
I'll be there. I'll be there. They want to bring it on the stretcher
5 6 7 0 5 60 so I think the message I'm getting here is that you have to win
Or if you really start sticking the joint out we don't want to come and see you
Is that the message we're getting? I kind of think so especially at those prices maybe I don't I don't know
I have a tough time buying it
I mean the prices are steep and the food is overpriced and it stinks like crap that food in there
But this like I said yesterday don't buy the food
But how much better of a product how much more excitement can you ask them what's going on there in a macarena and they still just it's basically predictable it's the same
miserable turnout night after night after night. Let me say it again the worst of the six division leaders in a whole league and in the bottom half of the entire league
This poor I think is the expression I'd be looking forward to describe it
Here's a mobile in Miami Beach hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, I like it. Okay. I guess
What a good hockey fan is my daughter married a Canadian a number of years ago outside Toronto
I spoke to my nine-year-old grandson right after Christmas week what you do
I went with daddy to Long Island by call we watched Toronto
Islanders. I couldn't understand it if the talk is when I got my daughter in the fall
What is this you can't get tickets to the Toronto game to the whatever the make of whatever the stadium is called of your reader is called rather
I think that really shows the fan he drove to Long Island to watch with Toronto Maple Leafs. Yeah
And it's just the idea you'll never find anyone here even traveling to Tampa probably to watch the fan they won't travel from Kendall to sunrise to
That's right about driving to the Long Islander Toronto
Yeah, they did they spent some nights or whatever there but let me if you that possible they can get tickets for the
To Toronto games. No, but it was your Santa was in Long Island the islanders don't draw flies
No, no, no, no, I think it goes to Toronto. They have standing remoling every home games
Yeah, I can't believe it the capacity the air Canada Center's 18,800 every game you'll see the attendance 18
9.50 9.20 there's standing remoling every well that speaks good for a good hockey town for a real city that's correct
I know okay good talking to you see you there see a T.O. In fact wasn't that Toronto this past weekend
It looked awfully much like Vegas, but maybe was that weather
27 past 11 to 560 WQM
Ed Cap will know the score
30 and some of last game in weeknight only on sports radio 5.50
A.M Florida sucks
Hey four years the Italian people have been known for a few things goblin your shoes making threatening phone calls when you're
Bounce a check in a family restaurant and carving little puppets that come alive
Trilling in a little boy singing air goddle strings on me
But recently they've discovered a secret to nice hard crunchies for daddy when you boil ordinary pasta
It gets off the mushy but barilla always cooks up al dente which is Italian for bells
Technically it's some kind of term. I don't know
But if your pasta is not al dente then it's not barilla 40 years. I've been eroaling my own pasta
But now with the advent of barilla by grandchildren don't even come over anymore
A tradition passed down from generations to generations made of the finest shut up your face
When I find it the stool gets a ton of part of my family
I'll make a fool cause of my cousin schoengele and mr. Barilla or whatever his name is will bite himself in the tongue of a lick
That's for all pasta the choice of I
Did you bury love?
It's love the 32 at 560 WQM. Here's a fact from unsigned but nevertheless
I'm a huge hockey fan that I that hates going to the games because of the atmosphere when you're surrounded by people who think
interference means go block off an intersection and you have to listen to people who know nothing about hockey going
Bop bop bop bop bop very well written by the way sir. It is less enjoyable
I'd rather watch games than my mini dish or in another city while I'm traveling at least when I'm watching my hockey
Packaged at home some idiot won't spill a six dollar beer on me while lunging for a five dollar t-shirt
Very good points there. Signed a loyal ranger span with 49 years of support to go before their next cup
And you're probably right about that
Yeah, there are a lot of reasons uh to stay away
And I'm annoyed by the assholes that stand up in front of you and hold their kids up under shoulders
And do everything and then the drunk who was sitting there
Cross uh by the aisle the other night
And then the two jerks that were sitting behind me
Bop bop bop bop bop bop bop bop bop as loud as they could talking about nothing that had to do with what was going on there
So maybe it's just that no matter what they do
I just uh unless it's the playoffs unless it's some special special uh species hyped event
I just don't think you're gonna get all that many more people. I think what you see is what you got
Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, new. Yes, sir. What times are your tests? What time? Yes five
Uh, well, you know you're gonna be on the crap for a bar or afterwards. I'm gonna save it for the game
I think
I really they give you that uh and they give it to you in the rectum
Very much so sir. Wow, and you're gonna have to hold it for about 45 minutes. No. Yes, sir
What do you mean hold it for 45 minutes?
They well they need a liquid in there while I take the pictures. Well, how do you do that? Oh you squeeze your cheeks as far as you can
Oh my god, well, I always do that. Good luck. Okay. Thanks
Oh, man
This sounds like it's gonna be a lot more fun than I bargained for. I thought it was just gonna be a quick uh in and out, you know, so to speak
Instead
It's gonna be more like that
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. I don't think they're really looking for anything at all when you do these tests
They're just having fun to poking around with your body
Here's Davy. Hello
Yes, sir. Listen to you for 15 years. I love your show. You're the best. Yes, I am. I'm calling from Davy and I was while I was on hold
I was thinking
My god, what are we gonna do when somebody actually that lives in Davy called Danny calls name Danny calls from Davy
Danny from Davy and then what I talk about Danny and Davy and how about Danny and Denny's
Here you go. I've heard you before. Listen about talk about Godfather's pizza
And I saw one was opening up now the head by the head station
We keep hearing all the threats on Davy wrote extension. I believe it just out to 595 right? Yeah. Is it open yet?
Uh, I don't think so. Yeah, because I figured just after I squish out my
Spirit of minimum because I want to have been able to eat all they would be great to make a quick pit stop at the odd father's perfect
Yeah, I'm thinking of to keep your cheeks
Later than a frog's ass in water. It's incredible
Unbelievable right here. I was anticipating a piece of cake so to speak and it sounds to me like it's gonna be worse than last week when at least they put you out
Piece of cake sounds like more like icing right frosting. There you go. Okay. Thanks
65,000 open lines on the board here today. They're very very I don't know what it is if I get the games
I'm still shocked at that thing with a he came last night anybody see that thing was anybody there? No
probably not
Nobody there. I mean nothing
And to think of all the expense all the money that's wasted building his goddamn arena so that a rich guy can get richer
So we can have more sky boxes and more club seats and soak the corporations all that big money so they can get that's all
That's all about
The rest of the people to them. That's what that's the message and they're kind of like back I guess
Although somebody bought all those tickets and that's another thing if everybody's so upset about the guy damn price tag of the tickets
How come they're selling all those tickets and nobody is showing up at those games?
Maybe they're afraid they're gonna go there to the new a Mickey arena and somebody's gonna be outside
Like that
Here's Coral Springs. Hello. Let me tell you something about that Barry and Emma. Yeah, be sure you put a pile in the seating event
Yeah, oh my god. It's unbelievable. When in doubt it seats you're right out. Oh, if you're not careful. You'll have radioactive shorts
And whatever you do don't melt because that stream can flow both ways
It'll make you great all right
As far as the M.I. Go's you know most of these
Hospitals lease these things from G or Siemens or Toshiba and they get big money for it
And they're trying to get as much money as they can to meet their monthly nut on those things. I see
So if you're in a trailer if the M.I. is on the trailer
They'll usually deal if they fixed the building to put it in they usually try to get as much as they can nice
Well, yeah fun. Okay. Thanks. So the rest of you anybody ever has one of these sets
You owe me a debt of gratitude because I'm going to help pay a nice truck out of my own pocket evidently is what it sounds like as a sucker is born every minute
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 t level having the overhead there to just vanishes in my imagination just to just uh like died
What was that I got it cranked up all the way now
Is somebody potsking around with the levels and the overhead the other studio and how come everything that goes on in here is like
We're dependent on somebody screwing around on the other room over there. We're like stepchildren in here
Huh nothing happened to just kind of like dying on its own. Okay. Well, I got a cra- oh geez
Here's Cooper City hello
Hello
What just happened are we out of business again here with this studio
Cooper City's gone. Let's try Hollywood. Hello
Good morning. Yes, sir last week the Kansas legislature passed the bill banning
Evolution in taught in school only creation is a movie caught by the vote was passed by a 16-volt majority. Yeah
Thank God for the ACLU. They're taking them to the Supreme Court
Because the state cannot interfere with what has been taught the school
Stayed investigating Bible history courses in 14 districts. They got from page 13 B in the heraldous morning right here in Florida
Well, I'll tell you these born against a crazy. That's what we're curious
Yes, absolutely correct sir. I would put them on an island and then sink the island. Okay
Have a nice back to your fantasy island sounds good to me two schools in Mary and levy counties in an exam on
One Corinthians ask why is it hard for a non-Christian to understand things about God a lesson on John eight used in levy county
Lee V. County
Levy sounds Jewish. Oh
Who according to Jesus is the father of the Jews and the answer the devil and they're teaching that in the schools in Florida. How do you like that?
Hey, get those smokes out of here coming at the rest. Okay
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T line 877 7 8 5 6 3 4 3 4 5 all over the world sports radio 5 60 Q AM
He'll ride you. Ah
Find you pay for a lot of extras when you fly with most airlines like torturous headsets watered down drinks and
Discarrier service where we here at cattle car carriers have eliminated all of those costly frills to bring you the lowest airfares in the history of aviation
Flight is your up for less than $10 or cross country for just a dollar 49 restrictions apply
Fly our first class service for interior accommodations business class and ride with the luggage
Oxygen extra or fly economy and know the thrill of the jet stream in your hand
Car carrier
We're just a chief
cattle car
We're cheap because you are
60 till noon club was just in here for a second. I said what's wrong with that Josh Friedman? He said he's an asshole. Oh, that explains it
That's what he said
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T line. Are we gonna get some responsibility or what? Oh, what is it?
It's the same thing with the ball games that they're everybody must be gone. Is that what the deal is?
Everybody's gotta be out of town
Last time I checked that big holiday was over with I don't get it
Feel like I'm doing a show in a vacuum here today and all I'm hearing about is oh you better hold your cheeks real tight because it's
Squirt's quirk I'm a pouring out of there and your corvette is gonna be like drowning in burium
I don't think so. I think the reason they have you drink all this stuff now is in lieu of what they used to call the
rectum barrier minima in lieu of isn't it? I hope
Because I for I just can't envision myself laying there on a damn thing for 45 minutes squeezing my cheeks real tight so we don't come like pouring out
Doesn't sound like my idea of a really great time
Here's Miami hello. Yeah, Neil. How are you today? Okay, sir? Yeah, it sounds like maybe you're just gonna go through an upper GI study
No
abdominal and uh, it's not upper GI. It's an abdominal cat scan and a pelvic
Oh, okay, well in any case so that's not the reason I call it anyway on back on the third
Charles Schultz announced his retirement, but evidently you must have done a Jimmy Johnson because
I hadn't looked at the comics until yesterday and there's peanuts in there again. Yeah, but they're probably old ones are redone
Oh, it's got the dates the dates on it are for the 18th and the 19th how's that possible?
I don't know you can pull the Jimmy Johnson somebody but they they had a big to do about it
I know that it was ever gonna be seen and everybody better go out and buy 20 copies of the paper. I got a copy here
I saved it for you right now. I'm you got scan man. I'm wondering how much
How many more I missed you know, because they probably millions of Americans have got that big sous-vita
Reditioning they might as well as shop cannon. Yeah, because there's there's either the ones from yet today
And today I don't know if there's been ones before that or not. Why he wouldn't that happens. I know really it's
Probably they want that. That's something to do with it evidently or we ain't okay. Thanks. Okay. Thanks for your bad news
Thank you five six seven oh five sixty come on. Let's all get sick together
Let's all go to the hospital hang out. What do you say? No, huh and pay them for very expensive expensive extensive
Intrusive procedures which they love doing
See one thing if you've got like a viral infection
Doctors that have no idea what that is because they don't know how to diagnose it
They have no way of tracing it doesn't show up in your blood test
It doesn't show up in your rectum your stomach or anything and maybe that's what this is and maybe it's not
But it's your been lingering malingering for a hell of a long time
Here's a mobile in four-letteredale. Hello. Yeah, hello mill. Yes, sir
Yeah, I've had the same problem with the actions that you do it keeps my sugar down, but I don't lose any weight
But maybe I can maybe I can give you some information that might
help you the
Those psyllium laxatives that you take and I mean that I was taking also are loaded with cards really all the ones all the ones
I've ever checked the regular metamusel has 11
grams of carbohydrate
I never took metamusel well
All of them do I mean all the psyllium that I've ever checked because it's it's carbohydrate basically
Uh
Uh, it came down to a choice with me between being able to go the bathroom good and lose weight
And to tell you the truth I would rather go to the bathroom. Yeah, well me too when it's out
It rather empty it out one thing you can do try and get down to the minimum of it and then don't don't
Take in any other carbs other than that and it does work still
But it's much slower because of the psyllium right okay
All right, thanks
Mm-hmm five six seven oh five sixty pound five six
The wireless line. I think this barium drink diet. I think that would really work great for everybody
Okay, you want to lose some real weight. I'm not talking about getting prepping for x-ray
I'm just talking about drinking this crap just on a regular basis
If you were on a straight diet of this believe you me you wouldn't be
Inviving too much if you catch my drip you'd be like a little sip here little sip there. No thanks. I'll pass. I'll skip this meal. Thank you
I thought that was pretty balsy of luck to say about Josh Friedman. He's an asshole
And he said a real loud too. They could hear like all up and down the hall
Here's old color rage hello
Yes, Neil yes, sir. Been listening to you for a while great show. Yes, it is great idea for John Hunter to win over a few more uh, Julio's yeah
Name it ilion stadium. Uh-huh one more thing. Could you play Monica number five? Please I must be crazy. I must be nuts
What is it Monica number five? Okay. Thank you. See you. Bye. What is that George?
What's Monica number five? Uh, Clinton thing
We have it Monica number five. I don't know if it's a here. Yeah. Is that what it's called
Monica mumbo number five or something like that, but it's not in here
What are you looking at it's not in there? Well it might have been but it's the probably I want to be right
I don't know now. I'll find it and maybe not I'll in fact that'll keep him listening because I'll be searching for it
in the bit two
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T line anybody want to come by and see my big uh, uh thing my herpie on my upper lip
Yeah, I'm just following a part of the scene. That's what happens when you're fat and you're old and you're out of shape and you're eating all the wrong crap and sucking up all that fish food and stuff
That's what happens to you start following a part. It's called being a dottering old man
Which is perfect for living in Florida
Here's Miramar hello. Hello. Yes, sir
Yes, just wanted to ask Neil about
Dispainment that kind of hurt the tail end of
Even the government the government of me. The government made about get those cool those two coolances out of here
Yeah, that was pretty grotesque wasn't it? Okay, now I didn't really haven't really seen anything or
Definite on it on the news, but was he talking to the representatives?
Or was he talking to the new that he tried to cover is Lily White as he called channel 70 said
I was talking about the media people not those two cool. I mean those two black guys in there
And we all know what he was talking about right because he said get those two
Spook asses out here something like that. He just
Beat his brother in
Good
That'll be the end of the two bushes. Thanks a lot. All right, I think they call it the burning bush today
Thanks for the good news pal
Yeah, get those two sparksers. I asked this out of here something like that. I may be paraphrasing. I'll say it again
Boy, he really is some uh and when you look at him, he's got that that hostile that just like his brother too by the way
Shortfused ill tempered ill prepared for any guy named job in public service with absolutely no qualification whatsoever
Other than his name is bush and we have especially the men in this country with this morbid obsession with bush
Not this kid
In fact, I'm surprised I didn't vote for Nixon because his name was
Here's the mobile in Washington. Hello. Hey, Mio. How you doing? Good listen. I've been a long time listener
But uh are you on the internet by any chance? Yes. Okay. Good. So I'll pick you up there. You're our just calm
Okay, very good and so what's going on down in South Florida? What's going on down in South Florida? Where are you? Oh, you're in DC
That's right. Oh, this is the home of alien man. That's all we're worried about
Let me tell you everybody in this town is staying home now. We don't go to sporting events. We just stay right at home and
Diddle with our alien blow up dolls at least he got the weather it's like 22 and like three inches of snow today
Yeah, I would swap it. I'd take crappy weather for I haven't a place well, of course. I don't want to be there
This is what you are with the Las Vegas for New Year's Eve. It was great state-of-the-Belay, D.O.C. and Castic. Yeah
So uh, just unbelievable at least the last time I was out there was like four years ago and I was there this weekend, sir
Just there this weekend. All right. Yeah, checked out that new Paris casino. It's the most beautiful one of them all
It's amazing. Nice. It's very nice. Don't ever gamble in there because you'll lose your ass the first two three years
They're trying to make all their money back, but I'm telling you this beautiful. So must see I did a little punch in there
But you're absolutely right. It is beautiful
Did you get a chance to go in any of those like ballrooms or anything like that in there?
There's just absolutely unbelievable
We're supposed to handle years and you know, it was kind of born in New Year's
I was kind of speaking to hotel hopping and everything trying to get in the Paris. Yeah, I don't see that
Unbelievable. It looks like you know
Things over you see in
Of or say or anything like that. I mean, I really did a magnificent job with that ambiance in there with that with the you know
The sky and the the twilight effect and everything and the phony trees they've had you really feel like you're outside
Yeah, you could do it. Yeah, and the bartenders aren't too bad either. Uh-huh
So now I've been listening to you a long time since I was a lifeguard down in the beach and college and
Just thought I'd check in and see if I could get you on the internet and uh, I'll do that. You got them in take it easy
And now what the governor Bush had last night you got it five six seven oh five yeah, they asked him
They said uh, who's got that new budget is a Jew got it
Well, they're good with the books, you know
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty only eighteen T-line. I say let's run a campaign
Let's have the Confederate flag right up there in a flagpole of talent. I see what I said
Screw that Jesse Jackson and all those trouble makers. Let's have the goddamn rebel flag
And Dixie that Confederate flat-fad back up the flagpole
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen T wireless line five sixty rhymes with Dixie
Here's Daniel hello
Neil how are you okay? I think the uh some expires finally got to me
Saturday night online it said four in the morning. I wake up. I feel like an aliens about the pop out of my stomach really
I was so bad. I run into the bathroom
Didn't on the pot, but I can't do that until I bend over and puke in at first
Really? Yeah, and then just as I'm done puke and I got to get up there and you know take a crap
And it was the worst feeling I ever had I will I didn't eat anything for the rest of the night
I wake up at 11 puke again
And then I'm in bed for the whole day and I haven't eaten in three days
I can't believe it great
It's going it's going to run on the best part of it is that the no doctor's don't can't diagnose anything
I'm not even going to go to the hospital if I don't have ten thousand dollars to spend today
No, what's wrong with me? That's right and if I get a cold sore, I'm going to stop listening. Okay
Oh, yeah, you better turn it. Well, that's why they're all gone today. They heard about the cold sore. They can say uh-oh
That's your pee problem
Yeah, you can't catch that right through the speaker to your radio. Do you know that? Uh-huh sure
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line the State Department of Education is investigating Bible history courses offered as an elective in 14 of Florida 67 school districts
Those districts none in South Florida. Thank God
Serve roughly one fifth of Florida students
The courses authorized under the state law passed in 1996 came under fire last week when people for the American way charged at some school districts
Have been violating the US Constitution by teaching the Bible from a religious perspective including some of the quotes that I just gave you
Artitle boom Southern area director for the anti-deformation league, you know, Artitle boom. He's an asshole. Yeah
Said Tuesday that such materials are wholly inappropriate in a public school setting
These statements if they're in the material might certainly be the bias for bigotry he said
Statements like that the lesson on John 8 who according to Jesus is the father of the Jews the devil
How do you like that?
Here's West Palm Beach hello. Yeah, I'm glad that you've finally seen the light on that to a Confederate flag issue. Yeah, why is it okay?
States rights. That's the states rights guy from yesterday with the same boring voice
Yeah, I've seen the light the blight that's with a b-ser in your head. I've seen the big canker sore in the sky and your red
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line
Don't be feeding me a song and an answer about that goddamn rebel flag okay because it stands for one thing slavery
segregation racism bigotry like I said it stands for a whole bunch of things
Just as John rocker he'll tell you
Ransden governor hill I'll show you the door four minutes before noon at 5 60 WQM
One moment please what do we do now George?
I'll take a leak in the Arizona floor something was that what are we doing?
What just happened was we're studying something I guess that affected the audio vault too
Yeah
And like I said are there more spots in the break or what do we have apparently and
And now I gotta make them up
Oh
Find you pay for a lot of extras when you fly with most airlines like torturous head sands watered down drinks and
Discervious service when we here at cattle car carriers have
Indimundated all of those costly frills to bring you the lowest airfares in the history of aviation
Flight is Europe for less than ten dollars or cross country for just a dollar forty nine restrictions apply
Buy our first class service for interior accommodations business class and ride with the luggage oxygen expert or fly economy
And know the thrill of the jet stream in your head
Car
We're just a chief
Can you call can
Oh no, that's five fifty WQM. You'll never guess what I just found
Nice job there Neil by the way. Thank you
Excellent one two three four five
Come on over humming now come and take a drive to my big house and chat with claw
We can both get just and maybe a little time
I'm watching on business. She's out for a week. I'm like a kid in the candy stores time this
Cheat I have pretzel hot dogs cold bearing pizza you remember where to bill it you're leaning
Carapesa it's gonna be a wild time not my home in New York
Just to me darling cheating black and sport
I'm just my size. Oh good
Coming over honey now blow on my trumpet a little bit of my
In my life a little bit of the monitor without my wife
Now a little bit of monitor
What I see when she's far away
That's you know what to raise
What's great little bit of monitors what I need
A little bit of monitor memory
A little bit of monitor here I am
A little bit of you on my happy land
12.1.5.50 WQM cheating hearts make a good excuse for a business
Here's a guy's name is John Watson
Says he has no plans to cheat on his spouse
But he knows there are plenty of air-run husbands and wives who do so we started a business called ace alibi
And the the perfect the thrust of his whole business is he makes up alibis for people who cheat on their spouse
And evidently he's making a fortune doing it. Uh-huh
The fee is 25 bucks and up depending on the extravagance of the tailor made fib
It's a say you want to me to love her for the weekend
But don't want the spouse to get suspicious
Ace alibi will mail you a phony invitation to a business or sporting event
Giving you a valid reason for being away from home
How do you like that? This was in USA today on
Monday
And it's got a chart of a pool that they took and everybody take these pools
I think there's a lot of liars out there
Who's unfaithful and by country guess what country is got most people to cheat on their spouse
You never guessed this okay, but there's a lot of like pita files go there
So maybe they're cheating on their spouses would like a young underage your boys girls whatever
Uh
Somewhere in Indonesia yeah
How's taito you doing?
Okay
Thailand 52% of the respondents admitted to being unfaithful guess what country is number two by the way speaking of the confederate flag
Guess what country is number two the middle of USA
43% admitted and of course we know that about 40% lied through their teeth 43% admitted to being unfaithful to their spouse
Number three
The Greeks
Brackdom yeah
Yeah, who are they cheating with
Some broad name David
Who is that the Romans I don't know how to get confused
It's an Alexander sure was great
Check republishers tied with Greece by way check republish remember the I think we had last the week or the week before
With blues and they're much a wild animal's over there
They finally got a little bit of freedom in their disco and eight shot ape smith
Singapore then germinate 36% followed by France Italy Canada 32%
The UK Taiwan Poland
You think maybe the polls are like maybe a little bit too stupid to do it. They don't know where to find it
Spain only 28%
And last on the list the lowest Mexico
Well, you know there's a lot of them most don't smell too good
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound. Yeah, when you find a spot that smells pretty good in Mexico. You stick with it
Whatever it might be even a burrow stick with it. We're you're way in there and then don't get out
Here's their field hello
Hey, Neil I heard a lot of Mexican smell like Josh Friedman. Yes, sir. Hey, I got the fireport a guy called
Yesterday at the end of the show about Jim Mandage making some racist comment
Yeah, it was out it was sports damn after the San Diego game
And he said Darryl Gardner looked like the
Gorilla throwing around the San tonight luggage. That's what he said. Yeah, I thought I was pretty funny
That's what's wrong with that there's nothing wrong with it
But you know he's black so he can't worry uptight. Yeah, you can't say spook more than once they get the they think it's Halloween and that picture from the sunset
And a couple weeks ago with his head with all the scars on top of it. Mm-hmm. So you know
All right, now, okay. Thanks for the good news. All right, Bob and Jim Mandage is all right
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line out of town line 877 7 85
6345
I don't think anybody in this audience has had the procedure that I'm doing like anytime recently
Because why would they have me be drinking this stuff now by the the
The Schmidt load will be the point if they're gonna stick it in my rectum. I don't think so
I think these people are just trying to get me real nervous
Wasn't bad enough already had that the colorectal thing last week
But it's see you're giving me a look you don't know
Because you're sound asleep. No, you don't know you wait up and it's all over and you you just hope like hell at all that
The head and it was that that little camera
And then Alan front wasn't behind it especially because he's dead and he might not come back out
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line
Here's your field B. Hello
Yes, sir
What is it atkins at atkins diet
About the cillium cillium
Is all fiber doesn't count as a carb yeah
So what was that guy talking about no idea what he's talking about the silly thing I ever heard
Yeah, no pun right no
We'd say atkins I did it two months. Yeah, pun of weight really yes works awesome
Awesome almost 40 pounds great nothing works like it's been to that place to place it pretty good right
Yeah, okay, well keep it up now. So there you go. See you got two different colors one of them says it's full of carbs
You know once there's these full of crap
You know I tend to believe this last guy because
Cilling doesn't have any carbohydrates in it how to help could it it just fiber
I think the guys getting his fiber from a probably a special K or maybe from frosted flakes which might just have a few carbs
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line
All the way doula french toast I mentioned that yesterday
And the only reason I mentioned this because we had it for breakfast on a meal on American airlines coming back
And I will say this no matter how many hand grenades they got their food far is heads and shoulders above the other domestic carriers
They really know their food. I mean you might not get there alive or on time or whatever
But uh god you'll have a great meal in them on the way down
567 05 60 pop five 60 on the AT&T wireless line
Here's a mobile and Delray Beach hello
How come the mobile and Delray Beach has got their phone cranked up and I'm listening on the lay here. I wonder why that is
You think they're over the age of 100 like most of yeah, yes sir
Is this meal yes it is
Uh, I wanted to make a comment of I don't know what's wrong with you while you're having this exam
I didn't I tuned in little late this morning, but um
If you're
Constipated due to the atkins I'm not not
Constipated. I'm not the one the things that I'm not constipated. I've been
Smitten my brains out. Don't worry about that. I'm not the least bit constipated
All right, well anyway, if you want to keep your intentional track
um well-nuried
I've been taking this
Weep brand oh yeah, and uh, oh
I know it works. I'll tell you I know I know one thing about we die for many years and I'll tell you it works
I know that it'll make you sh**. Okay. Thank you so much. Welcome to bm talk. Okay
What's no longer stands for Brian Murray the spokesman now that he's doing such a wonderful job since he was given to reprise
And it's about time but nevertheless we're talking about the bm
I don't want to talk about bowel movements. Do I have any problem my bowel movement? Oh, unlike I just got to say my stools were lovely
They were great. They passed the test with flying colors. I'm not sure. I'm gonna think you know what one of the colors probably was
God
These people and of course in Florida where we have all these old people over the age of 100
I mean bowel talk is big we could do a whole we could just do a show every day that could be the topic then we'd have no shortage of calls
bm talk
every day
I'm telling you just just go up and see our friend Alan up there at the lights
You can get turned out of those new watchoffers bars the ones with the zero carbs believe me
You'll be smitten your brain for hours
It's gonna be a much higher to say what a relief give me another one and you'd be losing weight at the same time
Where did this adkin stuff come from all of a sudden just out of nowhere. I don't I don't get it
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line how's Monica doing by the way?
You know that they phony those pictures by the way
The Monica thing one of the tablets showed the they had her standing like sideways time the fact that she's still a big fat
tub of crap
You think that for $10,000 a pound. Yeah, I mean that would inspire me
How a hundred dollars a pound would right 10,000 a pound. I lose a hundred pounds
Just the next week you watch you have to cut both legs off. I'll do it
9 minutes after noon at 5 60 70 QAM he
It's the panthers and Washington capitol live from national car rental centers and I
Oh
You know where that one went up there
Where Mrs. Mola keeps the peanut butter the cookies are up there as well
Panthers preview start to 7 here on sports radio by 60 QA air
Tonight on CBS the new fall season kicks off with an all new show from the creators of two guys two girls in a van
What's that smell the hilarious misadventures of two janitors working in a retirement home
The Arthur Conrad jennis and Estelle getting star in what's that smell tonight on CBS
We all know the answer to Josh Beaton of course. It's a 12 15 to 5 60 WK
I think maybe I got this canker from a Florida fruit
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T wireless line. Here's Miami. Hello
Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay?
I was calling to tell you um
What do you call when somebody comes from another country to the United States and infiltrates the the government to promote their own
Interest in the original country. That's a spy right? Why call it bad news. I call it a Cuban. Yeah
Well, that's what I'm saying is I was watching TV the night and I see these people
Waving the Cuban flag now the American
How many sir come and Easter communist ed is a flag of a communist nation, sir? Yeah communist nation
But they're but they're voting in America see yeah, so that makes him a spy right? What are you saying? So what do we do with spide?
Send him back where they came from. That's that never worked. Okay. Thank you
What do we do with what's his name? My Julia Sanetha Rosenberg, huh?
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line. We got 600 open lines. Any woman today? No, no woman today
They heard what I said about Bush and they beat it
Let's go to four Myers. Hello. Hey Neil how you doing buddy? Okay, sir
Just first of all, thank you for letting my photographer
Photographer and I come down to take pictures of you and your article. We appreciate it
What come we never saw the article by the way? I'm sending it now. Oh, oh, sending it in the few days
We call yet some pictures with the I know if you saw guy saw the the dollar bill would design with your face on it
No, yeah a couple of yucks about around right, but they said to of course
Exactly
You're calling I'd call her about a the charge of shulps thing about peanuts. What happens with that is is they do those
comic strips in advance
Those usually done about two three months of advance. So I think the last one those is going to be in February
Jesus and also dragon and out dragon and out I'm telling you and I know you are
Tampa radio but I had a question. How come you've never been syndicated
Because I heard a guy
Tampa I don't know if you've ever heard of him. Oh, why no?
I mean he was just absolutely terminal line old line old. Yeah, he went to wabc New York for about five minutes
There don't live right I guess I don't know
Come on. I mean this if this joker can make it. I mean, he definitely could know I'm not done
I'm closing things out. I'm not looking to expand at this point. I'm closing the chapters
I'm sorry to hear that. Yeah, we'll get that to the fall to you and just want to thank you again, sir
Okay, thanks you take care say I did the beastly
Okay
Okay, we got two calls left in the board. I guess that's gonna be it and then we'll just play a bunch of stuff
Because I gotta and I'd be honest drinking that stuff wasn't all that bad. It didn't taste good
But you see if it's your straw and you just grin and bear it that's all
Well, I can't really get a definitive answer on what the procedure is because all these other people that are calling
Head stuff done two three five years ago. There's no way in the world
That they're gonna have you drink all that stuff and then stick a whole bunch of burium in your rectum
are they
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T work
Not that I'm all concerned about having it up in there
I'm just concerned about having a squeeze and keep it in there for 45 minutes
I don't think that's a lot of sounds like a fun hour to me and then go to the hockey game. Am I going depends?
You're wearing depends. Yeah, that's what I'm saying
That's about the only way I think I dare go anywhere is within fact
I'm gonna have to an Allison come by and hold my hand and bring me some depends
Preparing for a future life in San Florida. Here's a mobile in four-later Dale. Hello
Yeah, Neil are gonna about a week. Yes, sir
I'm calling about your your comments regarding I know new fans doctor game. Yeah. Yeah, I ask you ball games
I've been I'm a season ticket holder. I've been a couple of games and I brought some folks with me who haven't been to games
They're becoming fans. I'm noticing new people there that haven't seen before
So I think it's catching on
Well, what do you mean it's catching on we've had the team here for seven years. It's not like it is
We just started. Oh, I know
I mean the fact that the team's doing so well now people are starting to realize it and then get on the bandwagon as you head
I don't think so they got 5,500 on sole tickets for tonight's game
They go one five games in a row
There are a hundred points ahead of the caps in a division. They're either kicking ass and they got 5,500 and that's terrible
It's pathetic
You may be right. I was down the river walk the other day. I ran to Trevor kid and nobody else down there knew who he was right
That's right
I'm just entirely possible. There's a little buzz going on
I think I'd like to see if I'm around any other reason why I call the point system
Is it kind of deceiving because you have a number of games played versus the points don't really match up
Yeah, because I got to talk to guys right yeah
I always do the ticket chocolate and I do some number crunching which is a pain to ask
You come up with the number of games played versus the points. Give you an average
Is there any column and any newspaper that has a better perspective like that?
You know, I don't understand what you mean
What difference does it make with the averages?
Why don't you just look at the total points that's right there in the standing?
Yeah, we have total points for some teams have played more games than others. It's deceiving. Yeah
So you actually have to look at the number of games played and the points to actually get out there
Well, don't worry. Don't worry about all like the games in hand and all of that
I mean, you know you get your points as you play the games and then you worry about letting everybody else catch up
Don't worry about those things. All right. Well go campers tonight. Okay. I'll even hurt you
There's a guy he's gonna be there. He's not pretty excited or what huh?
It's not excited. No five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line out of town. It's eight seven seven seven eight five sixty three forty five
Here's a mobile and West Palm Beach hello
Maybe I don't okay. Listen to how one of those barrier minima done has done a let me tell you it's not fun. Yeah
They put you on this table. They just about
Move you around like some kind of
Lender or something and when you've got to go to the bathroom. Let me tell you you're crapping chalk for about a week for a week, huh?
Yeah
Well, at least you can always find a trailer where you've been anyway. Oh man. It's embarrassing
But anyway, I'm gonna use me out of the stadium to that football scene is over
Yeah, Henry can use me out there for the marlins
With those baselines going there you go
Listen also, um, I think about hockey. I've noticed I've been a hockey fan for a while now
And I noticed now in the game that they don't play that much along the boards like they used to
In the area use them while you think that is they don't want
You don't play on the board as much as they use them. What does that mean? I don't know what does it?
I have no idea like like Dave Maloney are of the ranges five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless
eight seven seven seven eight five
sixty three forty five. Did he say baloney here's some rise hello
Yeah, whatever happens to like us and the other guy are till I'm on nine four to have him here many more
I just I mean I'm trying to
Probably because they're not on there anymore. Yeah, but you know, no, you don't know what they are right now or
Like this is the dump this show. Yeah, he's not on it. He had a minus. He owed points. He's on the air anymore
There were boys. I beg your pardon? I'm on the air anymore. Not not not in this market
Uh, oh, I might like a spare in our till but our till wasn't really that good. I don't think our till
He was all right, but he wasn't as good as you mean ed till yeah, I tell rope. All right. I gotta go. Oh, uh-huh. Yeah, our till
Oh
Good god almighty
That's like the guy yesterday told me about Tim Simpson the great defenseman for the Panthers. Anybody know who that is? No, no
five six seven oh five sixty pound five oh you sure are critical. Yeah, well
I mean generally speaking if you're gonna come on a radio with a 20 or 30 people listening
It would be a good idea if you had some idea what you were talking about all the white and how should you be?
I mean the people on this station a lot of them haven't got any idea what they're talking about
Well, you know Danny oh
God mighty
Of course you got to give Joe a little slack because I took a leak next to Joe Rose this morning
Now I know what they're calling the little dog, but nevertheless he's there been also sick
Sicker and hell he was holding his head up against the wall saying been sick as a dog for days sick as a little dog
Everybody is sick and these doctors pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop can they find anything? Oh no
They just keep running you around and giving you gigantic bills and making you go through excruciating tests
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T line here's a lady in sunrise hello
Hello, yes, ma'am. Oh
I was freaking back and forth of it work
I
You were getting a bearing a man ever I didn't say a burium and myself
I said what I'm having is a cat scan and abdominal and
pelvic cat scan oh, okay, I'm drinking all this stuff now these people are all calling me up
Probably trying to get me to pee in my pants they're all calling me and telling me that they're gonna put all this burium in my
Bracto, I'm gonna have to hold it for 45 minutes. Is that correct?
Well, I haven't put it haven't had to put it in that way. I've had it done
Through intravenous, you know, and I can't scan is that intravenous is not the very intravenous they put a die in no
If you were saying you were having it the other way
No
No, not if I can help it
But I don't know about the belly and I've never had to drink it and then you know hold it
No, I don't know but I don't think so
I don't think so
Oh, I think they had big problems on that table. Yeah, no, I don't think so. Well, I'll let you know tomorrow. Yeah
Okay, so I'll bring you in some samples
5 6 7 0 5 60
60 on come on welcome to be in talk. Let's go. Yeah. How's this one?
John's healthy to me
God very simple question and they always become complicated and carvalued and you got 70 different people
Given you and then and usually all of them are wrong
Like you like people give me a son of antony about getting ready for the test I had last week
And colonoscopy in the endoscopy and drinking that stuff. Oh, it's the worst there. That was a piece of cake
That was delicious compared to this direct that I'm drinking today this burium that was delish
That was sensationally mentioned with a little gatorade and no problem and then the out
Here's plantation hello
Yeah, I know you're very funny guy. Yes, I am
I had the same thing I had the
The colon last time and I that fleet was awful
But uh, what did you mix what did you mix it with? I mixed it with water like they told me. Oh see that was that no
We mentioned with water I can imagine but if you mix it with gatorade, it's not that bad
No, it's drinking it actually the 5 a.m. prep was the worst part
That's that was that was the killer. Yeah, what was that?
Well, you had to take another one of those fleet the 5 a.m. So that you were perfectly clean
Oh, you had to do a fleet animal
No, you had a fleet sponsor so that's the stuff that you drink right yeah, I had to drink that twice I believe
Yeah, in the second time is
You just gotta be so clean you can actually eat off the colon almost right but my question is I was squeaky clean man
So why would you have to have a burium now if you had that all done that shows pretty much everything doesn't it?
No, well, this is for the outside that looks inside and then this looks outside like in the I don't know
I have no idea. I'm not a doctor all I'm doing is what they're telling me to do
What you realize everybody in South Florida wants to know this need? Yes, they do
Okay, thank you very much. Okay, pal have a great day
Everybody wants to know of course they want to know they want to know what's on your insides your outsides
They're nosy. They got their nose right up in there. It's deep you can you can smell it
Or is it Josh Friedman 26 past noon at 560 wq remember Josh Friedman
Remember what everybody is saying about him he's an asshole and no but no dissenters on that by the way
We took a poll was there once ago to sending vote no
Wake up with the first team Joe rogued Jeff DeFarris and Steve O'Tea we dehorne to six only on sports radio 560 q a.m
Thomas is a douchebag
There we go
And you know there's a lot of people's idea to think just because I smoked a little marijuana when I was in college
Yeah, they were nothing but a penjoy
Maybe the guys I enjoy I know remember y'all
Did they don't think I'm fit to be on the supreme car? Yeah, I got it much
Let's do this quick and get out of here. I want to catch y'all straight when I stop reviewing the law
I don't just review the law
There y'all
I'll be talking right and I took it to the
And I took it to the west and I took it when I look up sandal kind of
I'll be talking
Let's go bird one y'all okay 1232 at 560 wqm so the good news is for me anyway
See I know a lot of you people out there like to keep me on a string give me all whipped up to the wafer and see which is okay
It's fun
But we had a couple of people didn't have time to wait called an off-year to relay the information that I'm not gonna have to have no
Barry a mechema and nothing in the old rectum not have to squeeze my cheeks etc
And so on you just drink this stuff now to give you some more vial taste and craft it drink over there
And they stick any IVD iodine whatever that is and it goes all through your stuff and then they take a look at it
They go home and that's it
plain and simple
But these people out there in the audience they want you like on pins and needles
Yeah, you need to see this
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Miami. Hello
Neil yes, sir. Hi first time call I've listened to you for a while. I love your show all right
I'm not gonna talk about your rectum. Please I want to find out what you're opinion on is do you hear about that teacher that got
That he was arrested in the swingers club. Yeah, and they had a hearing last night
And they decided that the best place that he can teach school is inside the jail
Right, I was in the yesterday's paper. It's ridiculous. It's ludicrous that the consensus
They had one consenting opinion that said that he couldn't that she shouldn't be able to be teaching kids
Yeah, he got up there and she's the moral authority for the all the people in Browark County
Right, I just think it's a bunch of crap what people do in their private lives
Consenting and aren't hurting anybody and there's no minors in there people have to pay a I mean it's the most ridiculous thing
I've ever heard in the world in civilized countries they would laugh at us like we're a bunch of barbarians
They say we're all caught up on this sex thing. Yeah, everybody's doing it, but they just don't want to admit it
Why don't you love your show have a great day. Bye-bye. Oh, yeah
He's not fit to teach kids anybody out there that's having sex which of course is why we had all the homos the teachers
Because at least they weren't having sex with the opposite sex
They're having sex with each other and that's not good either
So anybody I guess you have to be a unit to be a teacher. Uh-huh. So send out your kids to Catholic school
Because we know beyond a shadow of a doubt
There's no fact in the church. They're gonna be real safe there not
Well, look at this phone boy. Just breaks my heart. I may have to go and have to have my ticker look that again here have to have another stress test
Pretty weak. I'm on my knees today. Maybe begging and pleading five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty on the AT&T line
Josie Lamby writes today
It splits bill for Lasola supermodel Nikki Taylor and Panthers robby need him are after three stormy years
Taylor was seen fried in edit Lauderdale a nightclub velvet with an unidentified new bow a burly guy who drove up to the valley in a cherry red pickup truck
A source said she was all over the guy in the VIP area
They were holding hands when they came in there was some serious kissing the source said she introduced him as a newboy friend
He works for a barricade company things got so hot that Taylor
24 had to run out about one in the morning with the guy and tow that's what we were told
Meanwhile need a myer 25 has been singing a
Squaring a dark hairdo to describe his amami model wannabe
This is news to me said Taylor's publicist George Dasinger. I got a Christmas present. So I'm Nikki and Robbie
Oh Nikki and Robbie and Robbie and Nikki can we do that one anymore? No, that's too late
God that would have been good to replace Jimmy and Danny would have been Robbie and Nikki, but uh, it's no more
And it goes on with a bunch of crap. Okay. Nice going there Robbie. Did that bitch you move on to a greener pastures
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line
Here's a mobile in bouquet. Hello
You want to talk about a little bit depressing?
I was at the Carolina panther's game the other night. Yes, and I swear to you that place was less than half full
I believe it
Less than half. I mean there was huge
Sexy
This is supposed to be the height of the season now. It's January 19
It's supposed to be when the snowboards are all back when the people are gone in the summertime
Well, why is he replaced vacant now? There's something going on. I mean my phones are vacant the heat game last night
Looks like they had a bomb scare in there the panther game is nobody showing up. We got 50 500 sold seats for the night's game
What where did everybody go? I don't understand it myself. I'll be there tonight. I'll be there
With it without my with or without my burium. Well, whatever happened with Ragwin. Did he make a little promo for you?
He's going to he I talked to him last night
He called me at home. He got my number from remember and he called me and was psychotic with Josh Bremen
He said the Josh Bremen is he's an asshole. Yeah, that sucks. Yeah, Josh
He never you never mentioned my name if he would have said to Ray
I want you you know
I'd like you to cut a promo for Neil
He would have been delighted to do it. He's a big fan of mine
I've been his biggest promoter because I knew when he played in San Jose. I watched the play is a great little player
And Josh Bremen cannot get it done no matter what the job is sir unless it's eating he can't get it done
Yeah
One other thing the
The panthers marketing department sucks. They're always making these commercials during the Panther game. Yeah, they played commercials during other tv shows that we have here
Right exactly. It's like preaching to the choir. Yeah, I mean the point
How vel Burry played 11 games in scored 13 goals. Yeah, what do you do for you in a full?
But for watching the game how the hell we supposed to know something different right
Plano and channel 4 news at 11 o'clock or something you're high on hell you're hired. Okay. Have a great day. See you
We love the panthers. Let's get on fire. Come on. Let's go. Let's get all worked up and into a frenzy. We can say come on
Let's get out there tonight. No, Jesus Christ. I'm gonna rush up there to the hospital
I'm gonna stick a bunch of stuff in my rectum and they're gonna look on the thing and I'm gonna go rush it back down there and go to the game
Not gonna miss some game just because I'm having some intrusive rectum seed you there
And even if I stink the joint out it'll be payback for some of those assholes in my section 101 by the way
And I'll wear whatever maple leaf jacket. I want dock
Show you a finger to mister hotshot
Pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop. No. I don't know what I'm complaining about
See it's better for the players. It's better for the ambience like that maple leaf game
We had almost 18,000 at the biggest crowd they've had since the Detroit game earlier in the season
Nearly 18,000 people in there it was like a playoff game
And the least go ahead to nothing the panthers go ahead 4-2
Least come back with four in the third period win six to four it was a game filled with excitement people were screaming
That's the way you want to enjoy a sporting event.
Not in a half-empty place where people are sitting on their hands and going, you know
how they're going.
Yeah.
That's no fun.
Want some enthusiasm, some excitement, just like me on this show.
Looking for enthusiasm in this town is like looking for gold in your
rectum.
Jesus Christ.
And by the way, if they look for gold in your rectum, they found it, do you think they
would tell you?
No.
I don't think so.
I mean, your gold tooth is something like that.
Huh?
Probably in those swing clubs.
You know, it's big with the kids down there, gold teeth.
They're probably gold teeth in every body part you can ever imagine.
And what's wrong with little jewelry?
21 before 1 at 2 a.m.
This is 560, QAM.
Sports radio.
560, QAM.
Ray Whitney has a pair.
So is that new year's diet now with the Calista Flock Heart Mega Diet.
If you feel overweight out of shape or as bad as Kade Moss, then you need the
Calista Flock Heart Mega Diet now.
And it's so easy.
You can do it at home.
Just run around the house about 150 times.
Then gorge yourself on a delicious Styrofoam casserole.
Purge and repeat.
The Calista Flock Heart Mega Diet.
Maybe harmful as well.
Consult the psychiatrist before starting diet.
Obst both pants are larger than they appear.
1244, 560, WQM, the Hank Goldberg Show at Chula State 2 at 2.
Geldy on Game Night at 6.
And then we got the Panthers in the Washington Caps from the Macarena 7 o'clock
free game 730 Game Tonight.
Any interest?
No.
Okay.
Here's the Pember Pine.
Hello.
Hi Dale.
Yes sir.
Long time fan.
Last time I saw you, you were with a gentleman by the name of Bill Calder.
Right.
I think it was in his last days you were at the track with him and trying to bring him a little bit of enjoyment during those days.
There were very sad days.
Wonderful man.
Yeah.
Anyway, I have a hockey trivia.
I go back way back in hockey and hockey.
And I wanted to get your opinion on four players.
A rockery shark, Gordy Howe, Greth and Burry.
Well, what do you mean my opinion on them?
I like to know how you would rate them.
How would you rate them?
Yeah.
You can't compare old time players with, it's not possible.
Well, do you remember when they had the big ratings between rockery shark and howe they went back and forth?
But if you can't compare, you can't compare, oh yeah, you can compare them because they were contemporaries.
Right.
You can't compare today's players in any sport with old time players.
So you wouldn't, you wouldn't have an opinion whether Burry would, uh...
And why would you leave Murray or Lemue off that list?
That's true.
For my money, he's better, he was better than Gordy Howe or Murray's for a shark.
The move was better than, than, than, than how?
That's my opinion.
Well, that's what I wanted.
Anyway.
If you leave out Bobby Orr, but anyway, have a great day.
Oh, I hate doing that.
Does everybody else hate that?
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
Oh, is that Jack Orr?
I remember him.
5670560, pound 5660 on the AT&T wireless line.
Remember, Jack Orr, he was mayor of, uh...what?
Miami?
Where was he?
Who?
What is wrong with you, little illegal alien?
Oh, did I say alien?
Sorry.
Capers.
Here's a mobile and FIU.
Hello.
Mobile and FIU?
Yeah, hey, how you doing, Neil?
Yes, sir.
Time call.
All right.
Because I'm not here to talk about your colon or nothing, about panthers.
I got major problems in my stomach.
I was wondering if you should figure out what it is.
Yeah.
The doctors can't.
Uh-huh.
That's what I'm gonna do like you.
All right.
Um, let's see where we can start.
Well, the doctors, I go to the doctor, they stick fingers up my blood, try to figure out
what's wrong.
And it can't.
And then he put air up my blood.
We can't figure that out either.
You don't know what's wrong.
I mean, I eat a lot of food, it ain't that spicy.
Maybe there's something wrong with your...
Buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh.
Yeah, that could be it.
5670560, pound.
Maybe it's just...
He's an asshole.
Yeah, speaking of blood.
5670560, pound 5660 on the AT&T wireless line.
There's one of our bright students at FIU for you, by the way.
Something you can be real proud of.
One more great reason that we're proud to live here in South Florida.
Here's North Miami Beach.
Hello.
Neil Godd.
Yes, sir.
Uh, I'm the unfortunate recipient of four CAT scans in the last year.
Yeah.
Or abdominal CAT scan.
Really?
Why is that?
Um, well, not like the previous asshole, I have...
I've got real severe stomach pain too for about a year.
Yeah.
It took out my appendix.
I was in the hospital for a week.
And, uh, here, about a year later, I still have the pain.
I have no clue what the hell it is.
Really?
Oh, yeah.
Absolutely.
Sounds familiar.
I don't have severe pain, but I have it like comes and goes.
Well, I mean, it was real severe in the beginning.
It was constant, and it's still constant, but I'm just so used to it now.
I don't even notice it happening.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Are you diabetic?
No, not at all.
I mean, reasonably good shape, but, um, you know, anyway, that...
So they've looked in all the ends and they did the...
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
They can't find anything.
They gave me a colonoscopy, a barriam, a minima, four cascans, a sonogram...
And a partridge and a pear tree.
Exactly.
The worst part about the cascans.
Um, they clean out the day before that really sucks.
It's terrible.
And I mean, I had most of those within a one week span.
No, no, no, that's not the cascans.
That's a colonoscopy.
No, no, no.
I mean, I've had...
I've had them all.
And I had a...
The cascans in the hospital, they gave me something to drink that tasted like really warm, disgusting, crystal-white lemonade.
Mm.
It was repugnant.
Delish.
But that was great compared to the stuff that they gave me in the outpatient center that they call a milkshake.
Right.
And at seven o'clock in the morning, this stuff is disgusting.
I mean, it was so bad.
It was like...
It was like sour eggnog.
Mm-hmm.
It was really terrible.
You just got your drink in that two hours ago.
Yeah.
Well, in the next three, I'm going to go home and drink another thing.
And then, uh, it's 4.30 when I go over there, but it drinks some more of it.
Well, see, they... they sucker you in.
Because they give you one while you're sitting out in the waiting room.
And you've got to sit there and wait 45 minutes for it to tinkle down your colon and everything.
Mm-hmm.
And then you figure, okay, I'm in the clear, no big deal.
They get you in the back room, and then they go, well, that back room.
Then they give you the other drink.
And they get you drink that one too.
So, and then they don't make you wait.
They bring you right into the room.
They stick the IV in your arm, and you can well heat it up by the eye.
That's it.
I mean, they test itself as a breeze.
How long does it test take?
Um, about 20 minutes.
20 minutes.
Yeah, not too bad.
The barriam minimize terrible.
I don't have to do that.
And the colonoscopy is great because for about 20 nights...
In fact, I've got a sign on my back side that says the orifice is closed.
I mean, I've realized we ignore that.
But the colonoscopy was fine because...
You're asleep.
Well, the drug feels really good for about 10 seconds.
You're stoned to sell and then it can help them.
But actually, um, when I was told afterwards, which I felt was kind of shocking,
you don't actually sleep during the procedure.
You're awake.
You're just so stoned, you don't know.
And they call it amnesia.
It has, like, an amnesia.
You just don't remember any.
Thank God.
Can I make a shameless request?
Sure.
I mean, you know if you still have this because this is back from like the Gulf War days.
Um, exit 69.
Remember that one?
Exit 69.
Yeah.
That was a Bob and Tom.
I'll see if maybe it's still around.
No, it's not in the DCS, but I'll see if we still got that.
That was a great bit.
Okay, Pat.
I know you're God.
Good luck.
Take care of your colon.
Okay, you too.
Okay, it's all the bad stomach people here.
We don't still have that.
Doing it was from an old Bob and Tom thing.
Remember that exit 69 was a little on the...
Back in those days, it was a little on the marginal side, but it's okay now.
Because now we can even say Schmidt on the year.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Can we find a doctor who can diagnose a head cold?
You think we can do that?
No.
No.
Here's a mobile in Pompo-no.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
You know, I just want to talk to you about the Panthers for a second.
Okay.
I was at the game on Monday.
And it was a good turnout.
But let me tell you, the fans are ridiculous.
I mean, they are so quiet.
It's like a cemetery.
And I'm so sure that it's one of the seats.
I just wanted to say something to fans out there.
God damn it.
When you go out to the damn game, be a fan.
Don't sit in your hands.
I mean, why?
The flyer I don't want to stand on.
Half of the people who are there, I got corporate seats that somebody gave them.
They don't know what the hell is going on.
They're on their cell phone.
They're not interested in what's going on.
And they don't tend to get animated as when that stupid little blimp comes by.
Or when they're slinging a t-shirt up in the crowd.
And then they're trying to kill each other for a 50 cent t-shirt.
That's the only time you see any excitement in the place.
I'd tell you, I thought I really started excited when they finally scored a goal.
Maybe they didn't come alive.
Yeah.
The red light goes off to make it crazy.
But then after that, they'll sit in their hands and they do nothing.
But a whole damn game until something, my actual tap is going to say like a goal.
And then they wake up.
Yeah.
It's ridiculous.
Welcome to Miami.
I'm going tonight.
I've been to 14 games this year.
I missed like three or four.
And I can't wait.
Okay, I'll see you there.
All right, man.
I'll be the guy that's dripping five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
And by the way, you know, every now and then because you know, I pick my spots when a pink light comes out.
I'm going to go into a TV timeout.
I run up and go take a leak if nature is calling.
Now tonight if you see me go running for the exit to go to a run to the magic room.
I'd get out of the way if I were you.
That's my personal advice based on all the information I'm hearing.
I would just make a clear pathway.
Here's North Miami.
Hello.
I'm going to go to the
North Miami.
Is long gone on a famous line seven, by the way.
Here's a mobile in Hollywood.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you, man?
Okay.
Listen, I think some of these people really need to check their heads not their stomach because they've gone to a doctor 20 times.
They can't figure out what's wrong with them.
They need to get like a hit in the therapist or something going like that.
What do you mean?
In other words, you think it's in their head?
Yeah, I think a lot of that stuff might be in your head.
I had a lot of stomach problems years ago.
And I honestly, I went to a hypnotherapy and he helped me out a lot.
By doing what?
Help me deal with the stress.
With the stress?
No matter how to relax.
So, other words, your stomach problem was from stress?
Yeah.
And I think a lot of these people probably have a lot of stomach problems from stress.
That's just my opinion.
Okay, thanks.
You think my stomach problems are from stress?
It sounds like a good lawsuit to me.
I think they're QAM stress-related.
Yeah.
Let's get that little thing there that the thing you stare into.
What do they call that?
I call it a swirly.
No, what do they call that thing?
The little this round circular with lines that you stare.
I don't know.
Huh?
The peppermint candy pattern.
That's what it looks like.
And then in the background is you're playing the pushing music you know.
And that too.
And Bert Tannen is talking and whispering in your...
Hey, Bert, you're a great guy, but you know those TV spots.
You can't understand a word that you're saying.
You're putting the audience to sleep.
Bert, you're supposed to wake him up and get in the car, your number, and go out and get in.
He's a good guy, Bert Tannen.
You want to go get hit in the tie?
It's just that even like in conversation at the dinner table, he could put you to sleep.
Just his nature.
Here's a mobile in Haya-Lia.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing, Neil?
Okay, sir.
Yo, man.
You're a funny character, yo.
Me and my homeboy is the plug-in off your shelf.
All right.
Yeah, but check this man.
Yo, I had a thing I obviously one time.
Why not?
That's bad because they don't knock you out.
Yeah, they don't.
They still didn't even...
They twisted and turned it on the thing too.
That doesn't hurt, but it's a feeling to have...
Very uncomfortable and you get very nervous about that, you know?
Yes.
Not good for your image.
Well, it was, I'm not near, but hey, if you can't, can you pay that?
Yeah, F words, get...
Okay.
All right, thank you, man.
You got it, man.
And you know what the governor said?
Get you a black ass out of here.
And that what the governor said, something like that.
Yeah, get those darkies out of here.
What kind of a governor have we got?
Oh, man.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60, on the AT&T wireless line.
Wait until, uh, alien in this bloody scope.
They're crispy.
Keep in mind that the governor is married to a Mexican lady.
So he's not going to say, get those...
Tell those fix to get their ass out of there.
Is he going to say that?
No.
So just probably say, tell those crazy Cubans to get their ass out of here.
Because you know how the Mexicans and Cubans get long.
Not too well.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Neil God.
Yes, sir.
Neil, I just had something quick to share with you.
You know those, those fish that people put on the back of their car?
Yeah.
You know the Jesus stickers?
Yes, sir.
Well, I saw one today.
You want to say, give filter in the middle?
One mother used to make her own.
Anyway, it was one of those fish, but it had little feet on it.
And inside the fish and big letters, it said Darwin.
Yeah.
I'm getting one.
That's old.
That's it.
Ancient.
I was old as Darwin, but close.
Is it?
I get one today.
I've never seen one of those.
In fact, I would just get the little Darwin thing and say slapping on all the cars that are parked that it got to the irregular fish on.
I'm out of material.
Okay, pal.
So, yeah.
Yeah, you people would have stupid fish on your car and all your little religious symbols.
Keep it to yourself, okay?
Keep it to yourself.
Jesus saves 1-800 Jesus this.
In the meantime, these are the worst drivers you ever saw in your life.
So many times have yelled out in traffic at these people.
You need a prayer when you're driving on the road with you, you asshole.
God, always the worst frickin' drivers.
The only ones worst in that are the ones that have a...
How's my driving called 1-800-Each-Mit?
You know?
Those ones are even worse.
Like an invitation to a...
And of course, most of us are too lazy.
Who's going to take the time to call and say,
you know, your 1-800-Each-Mit guy is driving like Schmidt.
Right, Mike?
5-6-7-05-60, pound 5-60 on the AT&T line.
12-56 at your 6th station, WQAM.
This is 5-60 QAM.
Only one South Florida radio station has that...
Hey, hey, hey, hey!
Let's stick to it.
Hey, Goldberg, weekday afternoon to two.
Sports radio 5-60 QAM.
I know this is on.
This is not a tumor.
It's the ones of two hours.
Perhaps one of the most interesting words in the English language today is the word...
...f*** out of all of the English words that begin with a letter F.
F*** is the only word that is referred to as the F word.
It's the one magical word.
Just by its sound can describe pain, pleasure, hate, and love.
F*** as most words in the English language is derived from German.
The word Fliken, which means to strike.
In English, F*** falls into many grammatical categories.
As a transitive verb, for instance, John F*** surely.
Its meaning is not always sexual.
It can be used as an adjective such as,
John's doing all the f***ing work.
As part of an adverb, surely talks to f***ing much.
As an adverb, enhancing an adjective, surely is f***ing beautiful.
As a noun, I don't give a f***.
As part of a word, abso f***en loosely or in f***ing incredible.
And as almost every word in a sentence, f*** the f***ing f***ers.
As you must realize, there aren't too many words with a versatility of f***ing.
As in these examples describing situations such as fraud,
I got f***ed that they use carolot.
This may all f*** it.
Trouble, I guess I'm really f***ed now.
Aggression, don't f*** with me, buddy.
This missile, why don't you go outside and play hide and go f*** yourself?
I'm sure you can think of many more examples.
Say it loudly and proudly.
F*** you.
I can think a lot more like Josh Readman is an effing idiot.
And Josh Readman is as well, so effing bad just state of hell away and things like that.
All around Josh Readman.
He's an asshole.
That too.
Two minutes after one at 560 WQM, welcome to Dr. Talk again here on a Wednesday.
On your six days, and I do mean sick.
Is this play sick?
Uh huh.
Or what?
Here's Pompato Beach.
Hello?
Yeah, well you mentioned Jeb and Columbus a minute ago.
For the since that story, first broke, I'd been one and she said the reason she did it,
she was afraid to let him know.
How much he spent, yeah.
Oh yeah.
Well, my question is to her.
What is your answer to the question?
What we were afraid he would do and what was your afraid he would say?
It is the ever said people would have beat the crap out of that bitch.
Well, I wanted it out of her mouth.
Right.
No, I wanted it out of his mouth.
Yeah, well, after he finishes taking care of those books in the out there in the office.
Yeah, well anyway.
Kicked her ass there.
Well, maybe nobody cares.
Okay, 567, huh?
Well, I mean, he's all whipped up to a frenzy.
Nobody's ever, because it's old news, okay, sir.
I hate to break the news to you, but after he are, he just ain't feeling good anymore.
He just fell right out of the chair.
567, 0560, 0560 on the AT&T wireless line.
Let's go, Panthers.
Let's go.
Let's kick them, Washington, Capitol last tonight.
God, this town is like trying to wake the dead year after year.
That's what they're going to write on my tombstone.
Maybe very soon if they want to put his 20 pound tumor in my gut tonight, but very soon.
He tried to wake the dead and still couldn't do it.
David is best shot like Jimmy.
He had a shot.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
How you doing, sir?
Okay.
I just want to take the subject real quick, make a quick comment about the FBI.
You don't want to talk about Buriam?
And I'm going to go ahead, please.
Oh, please.
No, yes.
Well, that, yeah, the agent that is finally getting charged with a murder of the...
Yes, they're David Ferrell.
Jesus Christ.
I mean, I don't know what...
I mean, come on.
I mean, even though he's an FBI agent, a cop or whatever he is, he still should be treated and...
And faulted as a regular, you know...
Like some other schmuck like any other putt who was drunk as a skunk and driving on a wrong way the highway.
Exactly.
And they're going to try and cover it up.
I'd say fry his ass is what I say.
I'd say exactly.
Just like that.
When on Channel 7 news, let Ricky Tiki pull us switch.
Oh, yeah.
Make sure they run it over and over like the...
I get those darkies out of here, you know?
Or they can just run him over to get even for the guy that he killed in front of the stadium a few years ago.
You know that guy that's dead?
Oh, yeah, with that...
I got, I got people, right?
Right.
Anyway, two quick comments.
One, please no more rectum talking to, no more phone calls, you know.
Okay.
That sounded just...
You know who that was?
Yeah.
How come it took me so long to catch you on?
How come I was so slow on it?
That was that asshole who that was?
Oh, God.
Yeah, no more phone calls for the whole station.
What the hell would you do then, sweetheart?
Everyday, I'm on my way home.
First call, they put on with Hank.
Here's Steven Hollywood.
I mean, do those guys have any clue what life is all about?
No.
What these callers are?
Oh.
Putting the same bozos on their over and over and over again with no material?
I sure must be a little under the weather because I learned how long was he on like throughout too long?
If it was 42 seconds, it was 42 seconds too long.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Oh, hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I'm still a little sidebar here.
You were talking about that bumper sticker, right?
The 1-800-E.
Smith?
Yeah.
Okay.
I called the number.
You know what they're doing?
What are they doing?
They're hawking one of these 1-900 things, you know, for like $3 a minute or whatever.
Party line?
Yeah.
Yeah, I don't know.
I'm not going to call the party line.
Maybe you would.
But anyway, that way I just was checking that out.
Did you know it?
I know what?
That they're hawking a 900 number.
Who's they?
Who's they?
What do we call about 1-800-E?
Each met, yeah.
It's not a say who sponsors it.
Yeah.
Okay, well have a good time.
Okay.
Anybody know what he's talking about?
No.
No.
Let's go back to Burial Menor as quick.
5-6-7-0-5-60.
Top 5-60 on the AT&T.
You got to understand this town is in bad shape after this weekend.
These people feel like little lost sheep.
They're lost.
They're desperate.
Their egos have been badly deflated.
They've all gone into a van.
They're all hiding out of the bed.
Hoping for the whistle to blow or somebody to blow.
And my wife, let me ask you why is it that maybe I would call one of those three way numbers.
Don't have a sexual people call out their straight three way numbers.
Are there straight five way numbers?
Oh, only facts do that is that what it is.
Yeah, you're right.
No, I'm not into phone six.
I'm more like I'm more of a hands on guy myself.
Here's a mobile in four-lotterdale.
Hello, I'm like Joe Castello who's more of a ball-zone guy.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
The face.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, a long time.
Listen, the first time in college.
All right.
A little bit of the way you went through this morning.
There is some justice.
I turn from Hollywood to Fort Lauderdale.
I have a morning to get on the turnpike.
I got one of these.
Do not turn on.
There are no right turn on the crib's signal.
Right.
And you guys blow their horn to her and me.
I pull over right for you to turnpike.
Three times, this is happening this year.
As soon as I make a right turn, a cop is set knowing this one will take it.
I love it.
You eat.
Beautiful.
There is a little justice.
Thank you, pal.
Thank you.
Yeah, this old fossil behind me is blowing a horn.
I mean, these wrong as wrong can be.
There is a sign.
I pointed the sign.
I rolled on the window.
I said, hey, what's your problem, asshole?
Can't you read the sign?
There's no turn right.
I'm ready from this lane.
You old fossil.
You're disgusting old fart.
And he's back there.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
You know, you could see the toe jam come flying out the window as soon as he rolled it down.
Man.
Eight minutes past one is five, 60 WQAM.
Sports radio, five, 60 QAM.
One million pounds for needle rogers.
He's in the his house.
What word did you say?
Cheats W4.
How many drugs did you have?
You say.
Cheats W4.
Oh.
They must have a good deal for us.
To get your complete grasp to look young.
It's locked to daddy of things from good times.
Cheats W4.
Here's another million from the MRM.
You want to meet the President.
Leader of the band.
Leader of the universe.
You're raising our hands.
Got enough bread to make it.
You have the country for the fight to play.
Cheats W4.
I'm going to get my passport today.
Smok.
Smok.
Just only smoke.
Time for that.
Out of pain.
Our passport is ready.
Oh, there's a letter.
It's not a letter.
Cheats W4.
Time for that.
Cheats W4.
Time for that.
Time for that.
We'll write it today.
The office is waiting.
We're so strong over here to read that girl right.
Go go ahead.
Go go ahead.
When you hear the final thing said.
How many times did you say you saw the beautiful?
You saw the weird thing that you said.
All right.
114-10.
I'm sure glad that the bushes are coming around on that Confederate flag.
5-6-7-05-60.
I'm sorry to rebel flag.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
How you doing?
Are you aware of the fact that the first trial has been completed on these American airline ramp rats or Miami International?
No.
It was in USA last Thursday or Friday.
And the gentleman that was tried was the one that supposedly put the hand grenades and weapons in the overhead.
And he was found not guilty.
Based on what?
Based on the fact that the jury thought that he was coerced into doing this by the...
So in other words, he was kind of like the Nazis.
He's just the following orders?
Well, supposedly...
So in other words, if you're a hitman and somebody hires you to murder somebody, you're not going to be guilty because somebody else...
He evidently what the jury found was that he was...
He was pestered into doing this.
Pestered?
Exactly.
He was offered it more than once or twice or three times.
Yeah.
Take the money and do it.
And finally...
Well, how about the guy that the government entrapped with the kidney porn that time years ago that was on 60 minutes and they kept sending him the stuff in the mail over and over and over again, like 8 million times?
And he finally ordered something and they nailed his ass.
Yeah, I...
I don't know.
I'm just thinking about the news media here.
I haven't seen anything on it.
I haven't heard a word about it.
I found in the USA, in the USA, they have state-by-state news.
Right.
It was in there.
It was in there.
And other than that, our media made such a big deal out of it when they were prosecuting and watching the...
How did that hooker ring in down a candle coming from?
Which one would that be, Neil?
Yeah, the one with the cops that were all screwing out.
Oh, that doesn't happen.
That doesn't happen, South.
Oh, that's right.
Yeah.
How did that happen?
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
Exactly.
You just disappeared.
How did it happen?
Yeah.
Keep reading that paper with all the colorful pictures in it, Sir.
You might learn something in there.
Would you ever learn anything reading these local papers?
No.
No.
See, everybody's raven about the Harold.
Even I gave him brownie points where an investigative series all over his years too late about the airport scandal and everything.
And about American Airlines.
But then, does it already follow up?
No.
No.
No, they got Carl Heiss enough.
They're chasing the allocators and townspeople.
So, he's running around in his rubber raincoat.
Here's the mobile and curl springs.
Hello.
Hello?
Yes, Sir.
Neil?
Yes, I am.
Hey, Neil, what's happening there?
Speak to me, Sir.
Come on, let's go.
It's only a four-hour show.
I just want to say, put the lotion in the various shoes.
Yeah.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Oh, man.
Of course, with this procedure coming up, I guess it's better than saying put it in the rectum.
Oh, no, not for me.
No, thank you.
Here's a call.
Oh, sorry about that.
Here's a call from my mama.
Hello.
How you doing, Neil?
Okay, Sir.
Hey, your airline starts at 27th of this month.
January 27th?
Yes, Sir.
My biggest national airline.
Right, I saw it had in a paper about it.
And it's $119 for slippers and $599 for a pair of shoes.
I saw it in a few people like, well, people like you get it free, but.
599 for first class?
Yes, Sir.
Oh, right.
Pretty damn cheap.
That's what it said.
Wow.
And it's flying from Miami for a lot of days.
Oh, Miami.
Great.
I saw it in a state of it.
My favorite airport.
I like taking a couple of those hand grenades.
Yeah, there you go.
I saw it in a state of edition of the Miami Hill, which is just a bunch of piece of trash.
It's the one you all got down there.
You bet.
But anyway, I just, I got a statement request.
Yes, Sir.
Gordon is gay for Joe Costello.
And Steve Kane, you are a butt clothes.
All right.
And Joe is a ball-son guy.
There was a call from, uh, from.
Mama.
How do you like that?
567, I'm sorry.
I apologize to whoever was on the line.
I need that.
Cut you off.
Actually, I put my thumb on it.
5670560, pound 560 on the 18 T wireless long world of the long.
So you're going to song.
Wonder where everybody went.
Where did everybody go?
It's kind of like a mystery.
I'm still thinking either because of the dolphin game or maybe because of too much.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
For the last several weeks, I'll you notice it's kind of calm down.
I'll thank goodness.
Thank goodness.
Oh, a day without alien is like a day with lots of sunshine.
That's what I would say.
It's like a breath of fresh air or day without alien without that.
Bup, bup, bup, bup, bup, bup, bup, bup.
God.
Give it a freaking rest.
Leave that poor little kid alone.
Yeah, in fact, the lab guys told me that they also had these ball specimens.
And remember, when I had this in my stool assessment.
pressman they wanted to see if he was doing some good smith
and if there was anything contaminated there because then the link in the
as ballard rhymes with the
yeah would be screaming in the on
he he's a madman he really is
talk about a hothead his eyes are like always just bulging like on the verge of
popping out of his guy them uh... for it
maniac
here's a mobile in for water deal huh
a meal yes sir
i am sick and tired of the euro trash people that come down here and do not
have
i work in a nice restaurant for a lot of
last nine hundred thirty dollar bill they left me two dollars
what were they from
i i don't know i just know i'm the credit card to your card for a new
there were your own trouble for a hunger yeah
but if you're not gonna get a friend probably frogs
go to denys okay right if you're not gonna tell i think i'll let you in
there and i was gonna say tight time he's i don't think he'll let you neither
also i'm my i'm i went to school in tellhassin they got a godfather's up
there right and awesome used to love it and also i'm i'm i'm trying to get
in the web but he can't how does he go about
finding you new rogers dot com
and he can listen to you that you can listen to what livers uh... as can be
all right
okay all your your trash people
that that that that that
oh man
this guy to get a job at tight Tony's
five six and they can kick all those farces out
my and what's wrong with that why can't you open up a business and have a
sign on the door we don't want polox in here we don't want to fix in here we
don't want no jews we don't want to show whatever you don't happen to like
but i thought that like a government thing if i have a private business right
why should i be able to have like a sign on the door if and like what you know
take a do like with a a shade of brown
like Malcolm you know
and this had a picture of a shade of brown if you're darker than this stay
out this ain't for you
right
or or like a picture of a nose if your nose is bigger than this stay out
things like that
or if you need to and oil change state of hell out
i don't see any problem with that
you know if you did they can have like a guy checking your wrist at the door
if your wrist is too limp you're out we don't want you in here
here's a mobile in four lot of hell hello
Neil how are you okay sir listen just got back from a nice trip down to australia
New Zealand really and when we were in a bar in New Zealand they had a lot of
TVs on and one of them had CNN world news on and no no sound or anything
and they showed pictures of the riots in Miami and the two New Zealanders next to
us said what island is that
yeah my friend and i looked at each other said wait on the old year
I'm here to say it was just a marathon you didn't say a word
the world is laughing at us now I was completely completely hysterical they're
falling on the floor laughing and I don't have the copy of the paper with me but
it was in the USA today about two weeks ago we got I don't know if it was
international copy or what but they were saying that a group of acidic
rabbis have asked their people not to use the internet because it's connected to
pornography they can use the computer
oh yeah that's right let's to make sure you think you wanted to
don't get spoiled well thank you and if you have time get the New Zealand
okay thanks yeah they had the a new year first by the way they were in
New Zealand they were a first they had everybody else wait there down under
am I going to New Zealand no two in four
whatever happened to a filibug man by the way
oh yeah service in Florida man my air conditioning works again but the heat
doesn't work now I don't want to say who fixed it a couple weeks ago
and then I had my garage door fixed again and just all of these things I mean
it's not like you used to be where you'd look at a phone book or you knew
somebody and you'd call them up and they'd come and fix something like the
first time and charge you a fair price now it's just a question of how many
times will they have to return and are they going to gouge anymore is what
it's all about and ordinarily do I really care about whether the heat works in
the house or not no last couple of nights it's like a
freezing in there but I'm not going to call them until after I find till
after they take this tumor out 5 6 7 0 5 60 and you know it's kind of interesting
remember norm can't had that 13 pound tumor removed
I think that stress from Greg Reed is what the
created that would be surprised at all if I got the same damn thing if I got
like a big one in there in a tumor too I'm serious
sounds like a massive gigantic lawsuit to me if I survive it like a big fat
lawsuit stress lies BS
Bolshevik 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line here's Miami hello
Miami yes hello yes sir yes I'm sorry I've done the first time call
all right what do you think what are you gonna say about
oh my adana going to Cuba to take care of his cocaine habit
Miradana yeah the Argentinian soccer player
he went to Cuba for cocaine yes why did he just come to Miami
not to take care of his cocaine habit what do you what does that mean
he was like in cocaine yeah he was driving him nuts and what he got to say
about that I maybe he can go hang out with Cecil I don't know
what if I got to say about that do you understand what he's talking about no
5 6 7 0 5 sir let me answer the question right to the point like I usually do
that's what I have to say about it 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on our AT&T wireless line
as the hits just keep the smith just keep on coming here's the mobile in Miami B
chill out hello yes sir hi Neil it's honor I've listened to you for many years and
I just got the courage to call good anyway I was calling about the city
link paper I was just wondering if you saw the uh about normal can't
spread there on the on the centerfold about that faunting piece on normal can't yeah
this what does that mean above the norm what I don't know I always say a little bit
out of the norm if he acts me but yeah well you'll get okay do that I can say
okay what do you say he wants you to send him back to Cuba okay well that's what
alien said did he say want to go back that's what I thought he said you're keyato taco bell
a day without alien baby let's have a party I'm not getting in and
dated with any more crap no more protest in the streets yet no more pop pop pop pop pop pop pop
in any language which we're very appreciative of thank you 5 6 7 0 5 60 and pound 5 60 on the AT&T line
got tremendous enthusiasm build up for that big game tonight no the macarena you know it's interesting
because I'll listen to like on Hank's driving home and people will actually call and say they
were the heat game the night before we must not have the back to ball crowd which I'm not complaining
about that because I can't imagine why any white person whatever the black people can't afford to
go see it and white white people why would a white guy go see a bunch of sparsers seven foot tall
go smack it around in a ball too and I don't get it and it would be furry it would be like finding
a needle in a haystack to find anybody in the audience who was at that game last night because I
am telling you it was vacant in that spacious new Mickey mouse arena they needed that like a lacheng cup
that's what they say in little Havana we needed this like a lacheng cup see one thing about Yiddish
their words that are just so like schmutz you can say and there's some dirt the dirt is like
but schmutz you got some schmutz on your face you know I say it in German
26 after one I think there's a word called fired is what you say if you don't stop with a crap we
need those spots head cap with nose the scores
weeknight only on sports radio 5 60 Q a L
just tell me what you problem
like the high-weight
The green Martha Stewart.
These women must raise their heads
and the padded wind and the path
and the rain.
Very hard to know.
The green suitors just get the mud
and go on the jump.
Or just a rainbow.
We're just sitting there.
Tom.
I'm wiping as a hard.
The threat she said,
the game is over.
The head is full of these circles.
When they find out he's made six dribbles,
he's watching face to face.
I stand up on his face.
The dragon is gay.
Yeah.
The dragon is gay.
The dragon is gay.
Well, yeah.
Yeah.
We've known the race track.
Lefty kids and doobers.
He has the biggest fan club.
And he sucks just like a hoover.
This man's over for his cat.
And he's got a face to face.
And his daddy likes to hoover.
He's racing out his own faces.
This is a face that is wearing red armor.
And his fans are falling behind.
When they find out he's made six dribbles,
he's watching face to face.
I stand up on his face.
Yeah.
The dragon is gay.
Woo!
You are gay.
You're so fair.
Woo!
Woo!
Woo!
Woo!
Woo!
Woo!
Woo!
Woo!
Woo!
Woo!
Woo!
133-550-W-T-A-M-560-050-050-050-050-080-18-2 wireless line.
Here's four Myers.
Hello.
Oh, Neil O'Wide's stage.
Please, sir.
Excuse me, a little speaking, magnetic.
I got a benign tumor story for you.
I'd appreciate it.
Yes.
I was dating this girl when I was in college.
And she thought that she was pregnant.
And she wanted to get checked.
And in turn, now she had this large tumor
and sought her out the size of grapefruit.
And they had it removed.
And it was completely benign,
if I could have had a fragment of bone and teeth in it.
And what the doctor said, this is a kind of a vestigial twin
that just began to grow in her in her early 20s.
And...
Is she an alien?
No, no.
But maybe it's a fairly common thing.
Did she know Sigourney Reaver or Rick?
No.
Or Bob?
But I was thinking, no, if it turns out,
it could be like your long-awed twin brother.
That could be it, yeah.
You could bring it into work with formaldehyde.
Could be like Elvis's brother.
Yeah.
Maybe a little kitty story.
Maybe it is Elvis.
Maybe he's trying to make a comeback.
Maybe he's trying to force his way out.
I have a serious question for you, though.
I think it's a viral thing is what I think.
At least I'm hoping, because I'm not really looking forward to it,
like a seven or eight-pound tumor.
But I don't think they're going to find anything.
I just don't have any confidence that can diagnose anything.
Well, it could very easily be nothing,
even if it is a tumor, it could be totally benign.
Yeah.
And something freaky to boot.
Right.
I have a serious question for you, though.
And I know that you rag on religion alone.
We talked about religion, and I'm kind of anti-religious.
But what about this stuff that's going on in China,
and what the phone is going on,
and what's as far as the persecution of...
The long-gone?
Long?
Yeah.
Well, these people are being locked up.
I mean, the government decrees that it's...
Well, what about them?
What is there to say?
I mean, they find some way to repress.
That's the way we press it, totalitarian government's work.
But what do we say to...
What do people that are...
The people that are in the square...
Well, we're screaming about religion.
They were screaming about freedom,
but the making difference,
because they made an offer that couldn't refuse.
And there are a bunch of corrupt barbarians over there.
So what should we...
I mean, what does Americans...
What should we do?
I mean, how do we respond to it?
How do we buy so much stuff?
It's just almost possible to find things in the store that aren't made in China.
The American public only cares about one thing.
Is the work in the price right?
That's all we care about.
We don't care about freedom.
Well, I mean, I guess as far as you're Jewish,
and I'm right, I'm...
I guess, but I mean...
Oh!
If somebody had, you know, spoke up
of the American people that spoke up in the 1930s...
The American people didn't care.
Don't you understand?
We were all isolationists back in the 1930s.
That was the last thing that they wanted
was to get involved in the war.
That's right.
And if it weren't for the fact that the Japanese attacked Pearl Harbor,
there wouldn't have been any...
We wouldn't have been involved in the first place until maybe they were
like coming into San Francisco with their bratwurst, you know?
Although I do like the German bratwurst.
German sausages, dude.
Oh, yeah.
And the bratwurst ain't bad either.
Have a great day, pal.
Nothing like a delicious German sausage.
I'll tell you that in Berlin or in Kohl, in Kohl.
Are you back on that Kohl and again?
Jesus Christ almighty.
Will you give it a rest, please?
Let that thing heal up a while.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's a call in Bokeh.
Hello?
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Didn't you think it was weird earlier this week, you know?
All those dolphins down in the Keith started beating.
Yeah, just as weird as the 85 calls we had about yesterday.
And it was just as exciting then.
Boring as a...
News flash.
President Lincoln enjoyed to play a lot.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's Miami.
Hello?
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, my friend of mine had one of those surgeries done for up a 9-2-Mur.
And basically, it was so full, you know, it was so full, you know, for a couple of weeks.
But, you know, about...
I'd say he was up on his feet with about three full weeks after the surgery.
Well, first of all, let me say this.
Why does everybody all of a sudden assume I have a tumor?
Because I don't have pain, or even on places, in different places,
which you would have to be one hell of a big tumor for that.
I don't... I wouldn't think it is.
In the audience, all of a sudden is doing instant diagnosis, which at least they're making a shot, which is more than doctors.
So, well, here's the thing.
I wouldn't think so because I had my appendix ripped out and I know exactly what it feels like to have something totally have stuck inside you.
Really?
Well, in other words, it aches in one spot, right? It's constant?
Exactly. And it felt like I was near death.
Yeah.
But, hey, and getting back to the Ileon thing that I hate to talk about it, but I was downtown waiting for my plus.
And all of the major TV stations are there.
Can't decide the federal court out.
So, it looks like there's something going on and it's going to be another Ileon frenzy again this evening.
Well, thank God we played a game in Broward tonight.
Thank you.
Thank you for warning.
All right. You're at the copa.
Thanks.
Not.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T wireless line.
It's a big tumor man. It's like a bowling ball.
I'm starting to give like other associated sorted, you know, little likes and just from here and all this crap.
21 before 2 at 5 60 WQA.
The sports leader sports radio 5 60 Q.A.M.
Suck it in and hold it.
It's like shopping for three toys better.
You've got your Pokemon t-shirt and your making out here.
You've had your fun.
Starts acting.
So they can get you out of here.
It's at the point where we can't stand it.
Everybody's not enough.
I'm all the movie young striker.
Rupert's done is far enough.
Hey, hey, hey, young starless.
Why don't you go home?
Why don't you go home?
Hey, hey, young starless.
I'm so mullian.
I'm so mullian.
I feel lazy.
Look, they're giving away three SNH green cards.
Can I have one?
I'm dying of it.
One 45 on 5 60 WQA.
I was just saying Josh Friedman still lives and that's the bad news.
Anyway, where we going next?
I can't wait to go to hockey games tonight.
I can like spend all over my seat and spread it around a little bit.
And then I can let everybody come up and take a close look at my canker sir on my lip.
And if you look real good, maybe I'll be in kiss you like I'm a lips too.
Here's a mobile on West Palm Beach.
Hello.
Hello, Leo.
Hey, Malparillo.
I'm not going to be a Nazi.
Meaning you don't know.
That's something about nobody being bored or has anything been bored or I don't know.
Oh, I missed the first part.
What do you say mama?
What?
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T wireless line.
That's what happens when you got a bunch of no-speak in English.
People run around and go, bap bap bap bap bap.
Even the George don't know what hell he's talking about.
Here's Virginia key.
Hello.
Hey, I'm Neil. How are you?
Great. I had to call you about that Nazi tumor the guy was telling you about.
Yeah.
It's called a dermoid tumor.
And I don't know if you remember they had a Guinness book show a while back.
I think you talked about on your show.
Someone had a 300-and-some pound tumor.
Maybe that's what I got. Maybe I really only weigh about 40 pounds.
I just have a big tumor.
She, after the tumor was removed, she weighed 146 pounds.
Wow. It was a dermoid tumor now.
What the gross thing about dermoid tumors is it's differentiated tissue.
Meaning you'll get hair, fingernails, and even teeth growing inside in this lumpy mask.
And your body.
Wow.
So it's not really a point like the guy said.
It's just an actual tissue that differentiates into all those weird things that your skin grows into.
I do have a light polymer.
You know what those are?
No.
Or like my golden reachiroid dogs get them as you get older.
If you're old and fat or even like middle age fat, they're like lumps.
They're like not in the internal organs, but they're like in the folds of the skin, you know?
Yeah.
And all they are is annoying.
So maybe they'll yank that out or something.
Yeah, I think they're all set at the same time.
Okay.
And also, I just wanted to say, all these stupid people that are calling up and worrying about the dolphins.
Let me tell you, they aren't actually doing neck-ropsies on these dolphins.
So there are things being done just to lay weight to some of the rumor-milk connections.
Well, they don't care about that.
All they're worried about is that they're trying to make a joke out of it because the dolphins are stunk.
Yeah.
And they're in football.
Have a great day, pal.
They don't care about dolphins.
They don't care about animals.
They're not dog lovers.
They're not animal lovers.
They look at a mirror.
They hate themselves, these people.
And you show me somebody's not a dog lover.
And I'll tell you right now, he's an asshole.
He's on a shadow who does.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Listen, you were talking about the Miami Marine earlier.
Yes.
They played a team last night at 5-1.
They're the worst team in the league.
Okay, my point is this.
So wait, but they sold 19,000 tickets.
Why does somebody buy a ticket if they're not going to plan on going?
Well, if you looked at the game that's there on TV, a lot of the seats that are sold are the seats that are empty.
Where the seats are way down below.
I mean, you can, you know, those seats are painful.
There were seats empty all over the place.
I mean, they showed, they, you know, they took back the shot from a distance in the middle of the first quarter.
And I was on the highlights this morning.
There was nobody there.
It was half empty.
Well, I understand that.
Yeah, that's true.
Now, my thing is, little worse team in the league.
Now, my question is with the parents.
Now, when the parents were at Miami Arena, they sold out every single game.
For a long time, yeah.
Exactly.
But again, the capacity was much smaller.
Well, that's true.
But since they moved to Broward County, okay, they haven't sold out.
And, you know, that's not true.
Last year, they sold out the hell of a lot of games.
It's just this year they haven't sold out one.
Yeah, but this year, last year, they had a terrible team.
This year, they got a good team.
They can't sell out.
And not only that, but the attendance has been even below what it was at Miami Arena.
No, no, no, no, no, no, it's not.
The attendance average is about four or five hundred more than the older arena held.
Well, I don't know.
I see a lot of NPCs when I go.
Right.
Because the place holds over 19,000 people.
Well, it's, but what are you saying?
What's the reason?
I don't know what the reason is.
I just think that a lot of the ticket holders in Dave County just, just been renewed.
Then part of that is true.
And a lot of people that did buy tickets, they don't show up.
That's true.
Okay, pal.
All right.
Maybe if we stop blocking the roads off in Dave County, let those people have, you know, get on the roads and go where the hell they want to go.
You think that might help?
I don't know.
Am I doing it?
I'll be racing there.
I don't care if I have to be there on a gurney.
Just wheel me in there.
I gotta see that game tonight.
You know what I'm saying?
Uh-huh.
Just keep Josh Friedman the hell away from me.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line.
There's, there's just no legitimate, there's no answer for it.
This is just a horse in Bucky Town and the people got a million different excuses.
But there's no answer.
If things aren't set up just exactly the right way and it isn't just the right team and on the right day.
The moon isn't in the right phase and whatever.
Uh, they're not going to be bothered.
They're too busy.
They're too busy sitting home.
I'm literally, you know, how come we're in?
By the way, we just ain't on tonight.
Yeah, Tuesday Thursday and Saturday now.
Read the saying on tonight.
So no more doctors are lawyers from Miami winning a million bucks on the air tonight.
It's not a good show.
It's not a good show.
So dumb and for a million bucks, how far is the earth from the sun?
I'm sitting there screaming at the TV before they put the earth in.
93 million miles.
Learn that in grade school.
So for a million bucks, they give them a marshmallow and for like 2000s.
Like what?
Name the 16 dogs that Maya Angelou owned before she came out of the closet.
Yeah, some stupid thing like that.
I'm going to what is that?
I'm pretty wouldn't HMO is man.
It's a piece of Schmidt.
That's what an HMO is.
Jim Mandage talks sports weekend right now on sports radio 560.
Where's my me?
Treat your family to a Cuban Italian meal that'll have a lion industry.
Thomas Rigoloto Rigatoni.
Homemade maclone.
They buy thousands of vegan-naked women in hair nets.
You'll bang your fist on the table with every demand and threats that's printed on every noodle.
Like you can't let them leave us to eat the baby Jesus.
Or life ain't hard with libidod.
Rigoloto Rigatoni won't stick to the pot.
So clean up is easy.
No more.
Tomah.
Don't be a front-running pony.
Give a Rigoloto Rigatoni.
Come on.
Okay, 155 at 550 WDQM.
Well, I can't wait to go home and drink some more of that good.
Good.
Good man.
That's three o'clock sharp.
Where are we going?
Here's a mobile in Ojias.
Hello.
Uncle Nail.
Yes, sir.
I hate beating a dead horse, but I just have to say something about this.
Go ahead, pal.
Beat on this alien thing here, the alien.
I saw the lawyer on Channel 7 last night saying they don't want to send them back because all that will happen is Castro will take...
I saw that.
I saw that.
That was the Jew lawyer with a schmata on his head.
Yes, but the Jew had a fight.
We'll see you around saying what a victory.
Oh, what in the hell are they doing down here?
Right, making a circus out of it.
There's no freaking difference.
And not only that, but look at all the politicians from who aren't anywhere near Florida or South Florida who have nothing to do with this who all of a sudden are chiming in on this crap.
Yeah, both of them.
I quite isn't that I and S call the US marshals.
The US marshals will go to the house, pick you in a room on a little puddle jumper and send them home.
Good point.
Come on. They've made the ruling. Why aren't they enforcing it?
I think about 11 o'clock tonight would be good when everybody's asleep.
All right. Good.
I'll meet you there.
Okay.
About 2.30 in the morning would be good.
What do you say?
Oh no, they're standing by an alert.
Joe Basuto there.
He's got them all standing by.
Ready to start hopping up and down like a bunch of almost Mexican jumping beans almost.
Is there such a thing as a Cuban jumping being?
How's that horse meat coming by the way?
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing? All right.
Seems like you got a bunch of doctors calling you today.
Everybody to next for you.
I got a tumor.
I got teeth in the hair.
I mean, I really hate to hear that.
You know, you've been psyched out for the tumors today.
Right.
Wow. Yeah.
Neil, the reason I'm calling, um,
Elian, right?
If he is sent back to Cuba,
you think that dog would go back with him because I mean, he's gotten attached to the dog.
And I mean, I would have very right to protest because that dog is American.
Yeah, that's a good point.
Maybe we made me forget granted dog US citizenship.
You ever think about that?
Yeah, really.
Better get it in the horn to Ilyana Gross, Rosanna Dana and tell her we got a granted dog citizenship to get him one of those US dog tags.
I mean, that dog goes to Cuba.
They'll ease him in two days.
You could be.
Yeah, you can feed a family of us.
I tell you what, I tell you what, I get a good thing they gave me a pony for a gift.
Oh, that was bad.
That was terrible.
Where'd you get that thing with a Cuban horse meat anyway?
I just made that up to piss off George and he's on the phone now anyway.
Here's a hi, Ilyah.
Hello.
Oh, what is that?
Oh, he was still on there.
He said Josh Friedman is so he's an asshole.
Effing fat.
Yeah, he really is.
Which you know, I know a lot of fat people like my friend fat rich and there's me and Hank and there's fat people who are good people.
And then there's fat people like Josh Friedman who are assholes and despised by all universally.
I mean that for Bluff Lindsay, who's usually so kind of like wishy washy and weak need to go out of here this morning yelling about Josh Friedman.
He's an asshole.
I thought that was a pretty ballsie move on his part.
Just ask my good buddy Ray Whitney what he thinks about Josh Friedman.
He's an asshole.
He'll tell you.
And by the way, Josh, if I were you, I wouldn't hang around in practice too much down there too close to number 14.
