560 WQAM Miami Front Lauderdale
Sports Radio 560 WQAM Miami Front Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers Show
To talk to Neil called 567-0560 toll free for data power
or call 560 address call
The opinions of Neil, his guests, callers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of how you kill him
No.
Easily read acquisitions or the beastly broadcast group
No.
Now, Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560 QAM
I do not know if I go to the bathroom or give him a rope or a rope
Oh, life!
I'm already here
No.
30
rates
30
three
We're the king's king from the finger island
But we're the most important people in our minds
L.I.
We're the king's king's king
L.I.
We're the king's king
L.I.
We unite and fight for human causes
On human news cameras red flashing light
Action!
We fight for human causes
We fight for human causes
At least that's part of our society
All right, 10-0-2-5-60-WQ
We got a pair of tickets for the dolphins game in Jacksonville on Saturday
Which you can come and pick up here on tomorrow if you want them
And the tickets by the way are compliments of first choice tickets towards and travel
8229-8699
Okay, got it? They'll call that number to win the tickets
So how are we going to do this today by the way George?
George is sick by the way, it won't be here tomorrow
And I'm much better, don't I sound much better?
Uh-huh
Yeah, I feel much better
You look better
I look better, I feel better
I am better and you know why? Because you'd make that stuff and...
I don't like this shit
Yeah
And smit and smit and smit
Wow
It'll really clean you up and you people, some of you folks
I mean, I know you mean well
Although it doesn't make it more interesting, you know
Or exciting when people call in the feed to be able crap stories
That stuff doesn't taste that bad, as a matter of fact
I can kind of get used to it, I can get hooked on it
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
Oh yeah, I'm having a fleet 5th of a sort over here
What about an hour or two?
Yeah
No, I was just thinking here, I mean it goes to Shorya
Brambling thoughts of a really sick mind
But maybe once a month would be a bad idea to sit around on a boring night in Miami
Which is almost any night in this town
And kind of chuck a little bit of that stuff
It'll make you sh**
Yeah
It'll make a good float, keeps you whole close to home
Oh wait, do they sink or do they float? I didn't notice
But I'll tell you one thing, at the very end
And I do mean the end like yesterday morning, clear as running water
Oh, beautiful, lovely
So, and it's good to cleanse out your insides
Why do you, you know, seriously?
Why do you think they call it?
Yeah
Yeah
Ha ha ha ha ha
If you want to get all the crap out of your system
A little fleet 5th of a sort, it doesn't taste that bad
And on Tuesday I'm sitting here, I have a little bit of crepitation about this thing that I went through yesterday
And it was a piece of cake
Which sounds good right now, by the way, after fasting for a day and a half
Piece of cake
And the people at the Crawl Spring surgical center, by the way, God bless you folks, okay?
As in, bless you folks
The lady who was the day like at the reception lady, her husband is a big groupie of mine
Which she didn't tell me, she told her to remember that, because he drove me home
I'm glad I was a little groggy because I think as I was driving home he was like, bop bop bop
And I hear a word he said, so that was good
But, you know, they're all very professional there, they're great, they're very nice, they're competent, it's a beautiful place
And they lay it down on the gurney there, of course they get you take, put all your stuff in the bag
And you play on one of those schmattas
Why I hate those things, those gowns, you know, they have to tie in the back
But they know that nobody can tie those right in the back
So as you're waddling down the hall, do your thing, or to lay down
Everybody's like, oh look at the ass on that slide, you know, of course
Who the hell can tie, I mean, you know, wouldn't it be nice if when you get that thing on
Somebody would come in and tie it behind your back
Because God only knows what they're doing back there
But anyway, when they lay you down, they put a nice heated blanket on you
And they hook you up to an IV and you lay there for about a half hour
Dr. Diamond comes in, how you doing, Doc?
And then the guy comes in with, you know, he says I'm going to give you a tell you what you're going to do
And they say when you wake up, the only discomfort will be that you'll be bloated
Because they stick a tube up your rectum and blow it out
And then when you wake up, you're supposed to blow it out
They blow air up there so they get a better peak
So they can kind of like open the tunnel
Yeah, they blow air into your rectum
The hose
They said it was a hose
And then you wait when you wake up, the only bad feelings you guys like
They blow to the chest and they say when it does just blow it out
So you're lying there and of course all these paramedics and nurses are like just a matter of 10 feet away
And you're laying there saying oh, and so you're very surreptitious
Yeah, you're letting it out
And everything came out great, was there anything in my stomach?
No
Was there anything in my rectum?
No
Was there anything out?
Although next week we'll do a CAT scan because that makes some good money too for them
But nevertheless, father's nothing in there
And today I feel so guy very much better
Probably because number one it's psychological number two because of viral infection which I'm positive is what I got the last forever
And now it's Georgia's turn to be sick
And everybody downstairs is sick
Oh, I end up stars
I don't want to say who brought the flu into viral infections to America
Oh, okay, however, I don't want to say that
I don't want to say it was a plot because then people start getting hysterical
But the good news is on Channel 10 at noon today
Alien Gonzalez is first recorded American, a fart on American soil
Yeah, preview
There you go
First recorded fart on American soil from that 6-year-old kid
You people at Channel 10 crazy people
Even Terry Jackson who writes a column about TV about once every six months
Which they buried on page 14 in the herald today
See this column belongs pretty much on a radio TV page
Like where you'd go to find somebody writing commentary about what TV is doing
But do they do that in the herald? No
Page 14 a buried in there
Well, they'd been other stories about alien and janitor renos had this and this one said that
And the judge he still does account in the money and Etc. And so on
Channel 10 goof by not admitting goof
I mean what did alien really say?
I said, I said I said, I said, I said, I said, I said
Yokeo and by the way, the tip off on that tape
Which they've shown 50,000 times
The tip off on the tape is after he says whatever he says when he sees the airplane in the sky
It says yokeyato a taco bell or whatever he says
Is that the people around him there they all the eight million relatives his newfound best friends are all going oh?
No, no, no, no, no
Now if he was saying oh there's the plane. I don't want to go back to Cuba. They'd be saying see see see see see wait
Oh, wait oh, but are they saying that? No, they're all going no
He don't know what he's saying is a little kid. He don't know what it is screamery to banana. He don't know
Channel 10 you're a bunch of crazy people man. They kept showing it over and over and over again
So let's come out my back. Yeah, I think that came out of there too yesterday
So if there's anybody in this audience that's gonna have to have a colonoscopy and endoscopy both of those procedures
Have no fear because they knock you off they give you a shot you wake up five minutes after it's over
You're a little bit groggy got like a bad taste in your mouth and then they give you a little something to wash it down and
You sit up. I think that's it. You remember nothing
You have no idea what they stuck in your back
Don't any place else or in down your throat. They have no idea and at that point you're just happy to be alive and say everything came out great
Yeah, okay good
And somebody drives your home and life goes on and then of course there was a game last night
What a bunch first of all there maybe with 10,000 people there last night very disappointing and
Just to continue pushing off the fans and not opening up the they're not letting people through the turnstiles to a well after 6.30
Now because I guess they don't want to pay the usures and the other people at extra half hour keep bastards
See you guys with the Panther organization you can't afford to keep pushing off the public because they're not ending the public showing up
In spite of the fact this team went day after day after day after day
They're eight million points ahead of Caroline and their division and does anybody show up?
No, and the people that did show up last night. I got stories about these people
That'll last forever. So how are we gonna go away these tickets? Nobody in this audience wants a pair of tickets
It's just the tickets by the way you have to get up there yourself
All the way to Jacksonville on Saturday
See there's there's nobody even calling for those damn tickets
So how can we start a list or do anything like that when nobody even seems to care
Assuming that the phone might work and of course I heard that George yesterday had a little bit of
Yeah, there's that now that's line one which is supposed to be like that. Let's check line two
Okay, wait a minute
They're not coming up on the screen
Oh no
Oh, you know what we're happening to this happened one day before this happened when you were gone
The lines are all in fact I was sitting here screaming yelling thinking that nobody was calling and then the reading
I look at the phone and all the lines are ringing but you'll have to read both the computer
There's anything working this play. No, it's not only are we sick and under a lot of stress
But Greg frickin read can he get a goddamn phone system and a radio station that works right?
No, oh, this is this is unbelievable. I think I'm having a relapse. Do you hear it?
God
Greg want to be the want to be these and Greg read want to be broadcasters other real broadcasters
No, they even come close to the understanding. Oh
Sparing the expense to bring it the best in this man stood right here weeks ago and lied as usual through his teeth
We'll do whatever it takes we're not cheap. We'll do whatever it takes to get you the right phone system in here. Did they do anything? No?
No
So we're working feverously to see if we can get many calls on here today
And if not I'm playing music, you know, I'm just I'm not gonna go through this
I'm just coming out of a sick thing. I'm finally getting over this. I think the virus is on his way to San Jose
And the phone is ringing off the hook here and I'm looking on the computer and you know what?
That's what it's doing just like poor alien is doing
10 past 10 is 560 WQ a.m. Welcome back Neil to a real bogus place
No portion of this broadcast may be reproduced without the express written permission of WQ a.m
Beats me we've acquisition core
You heard him squeak you've heard him saying now the ferret talks dirty on a crystal clear digital recording that can now be yours
Listen to the dirty talk
Picture what he's doing to you
Let his words work their match
It's the ferret doctor
Available now for $60.95
Oh my god that this thing is over because Greg read just walked in
It's I was feeling good until I discovered that we had a phone system that doesn't work in here
But I know you guys someday if we live long enough
We'll do something about the phone system and give us something that works in here
But I'm not gonna hold my breath anyway
So we're gonna give away those tickets and what we'll do is we'll do a drawing in about 1230 George
We'll take names and dresses of people
I want to call actually have something to say not people are want to call off here and say hey, I got the I want the tickets
Okay, you got that good
Did you want to say something on the air to the foot go?
Do you want to come on no seriously? Do you want to talk to the public and tell them why you won't get a
Default system in here that works since you guys don't lie to us and you don't you will spend whatever it takes
Didn't you stand in the same spot that you're standing right now weeks and weeks ago?
Maybe the last time that I saw you and say whatever it takes we'll do it
We're not a bunch of cheap bastard like you say yada yada yada and the meantime
We got the same piece of crap here. He went through all kinds of hell because the phone didn't work yesterday
I sit down feeling much better today all my body parts are still in the same place and
It don't work. It's a piece of crap
For lime one isn't working. We just had to go he had to stand on this head so he can put any calls on the air
Again, yeah fine George Corso and tell him you know toss them none of came or he'd be good
He's not a Walmart. They pay better
Oh my god, yeah fine George okay and get that guy from Naples. Still he's a real rocket scientist
What's his name that Jack asked from over there and moron?
Oh, this company man
I'm saying by the way John penis is gone good luck to you John and I school and get out of here anybody leaves here
We can graduate them anybody comes to work here. We play we would get a minion together. We say cottage for them
Which you say for the dead?
Oh
My god, and this man walks in here with a straight face
Thank God that bit was ending just as he opened that door so I didn't have to listen to his be be yes again
Because that was you know and every time he opens up his mouth it
How do I feel huh?
I feel like I'm in the twilight zone again. It's gotta be this place. That's what's doing it. It has to be
Come back here, and it's the same old tired this don't work and that don't work and he goes
I gotta go find George Corso George Corso doesn't know his back from my elbow, okay?
And not only that he doesn't care. I was saying you this morning before we came on here
He's perfect for this place. He's like so many of the department heads in this place
He doesn't care. He kind of goes through the motion
He you know, he's happy to put stuff together with Scotts tape
I don't know how many people on page is blue and I look in a shmere and that's it
How many people with any kind of self-respect would work for a company like this unless they were paying you a lot of money George?
I'm sorry
No seriously
What kind of a person with skills like that like an engineer who's like a skilled person a trained person who you know
Most of what a stick it what what kind of a person will work for an outfit like this?
Somebody with any self-respect at all who looks at a mirror in the morning and says why I'm a real mentioned
I work for people that know I look at him in the morning
So there's that ugly pushing and I don't think about these people because I might miss with the razor and it's hard to slit
Your wrist with a slit your neck with a bit with a whatever it is. Is it a bit?
I don't even know what they are anymore, you know
I've been using those those razors for years. I haven't even know what the L.A.R
They just come in a black little bag ten of them are those bicks?
Gillette did you say spicks? I don't use your lead. I don't use bicks rhymes with no I use Gillette. Yes, disposable
I don't want to talk about God damn razors. Look at this. I've been on the years 18 minutes
I'm already talking about splitting my neck
Because the Greg Reed who just left here going
Eeeeeee
Of course, so you're not going to find George Corso
You're not going to do anything about the phone system and that's just the way it is, okay?
Man walking BS
I just got rid of about I don't know how many pounds whatever he is just the last two days thanks to that the
Fleet animus stuff
Walking crap on legs no matter what he tells you you know when I shake your hand and make a deal with it
We got a deal and everybody is going yeah right. Yeah, you're a man of your word rhymes rhymes with word
You turn
Exactly
Anyway, we'll take some names and we'll give away that per tickets and we'll get to our agenda, you know and life will go on
I thought I was gonna come in and do like a regular radio show today
Although several people came to me at the hockey game last night
There were a few real people there last night not too many and they said oh for George went through a whole thing with that phone again
It's a good thing you weren't there and I thought to myself
Yeah, it's a good point good thing. I wasn't because it's getting old and ponderous
To have to go through a whole bunch of gyrations and calisthenics just to put a guy damn phone thing on here here
I want to post to be a talk show and of course their comeback would probably be well
You did the show for three weeks without any calls you can do it while what do you worry about the phone for?
To which I would go yeah right in their face. I
Was picking about something right in your face. Let's tell the joke how still a story. I'm sorry
Yeah, that's a great story so John Ford fired this week at Clear Channel
I'm gonna have a big party today. George won't be here tomorrow. He's sick. He's already planning for it
And if he wasn't sick enough before I'm sure he is by now after going through the calisthenics standing on his head to try to make this damn phone system work
I'm used to it. What a pile of schmiff so we're getting him hired over here right who's that John Ford?
No, yeah, oh, yeah, he comes in I go out
John Ford he's a creative monster. Yeah, he looks like a monster looks like goddamn model. What's the ego? Not a ego. What's the other one?
Renfield yeah, Renfield on a bad day standing up straight. Oh
My god with his with his sweater and with his
corny promos
This is the same man who by the way said on on the air during that ill-fated morning attempt at his whether they did about a point three
That he wished that Alice Ren tell would get AIDS and died. That was a nice thing to say on here
And guess what he just got fired
You know talent piece of turd
You idiot you turd yeah, the only problem is of course he got fired
But we know who should have gotten fired over there
Everybody in the market who even owns the radio knows that the women
He's fired into the effect and Peter Bozer
Who makes a big coffee out here, but the in the meantime wouldn't know his ass from his elbow and the other rumors are by the way that those still
Tate and and Jim Romano that stuff's all gonna go anyway because clear channels got this deal with some other station here and at
And so all that's the location stuff. I think they're just gonna sign off in the daytime
Is what they're gonna do there in the middle of the time they might they can probably still get the same point five without being on the year
Is what I'm thinking yeah, just put like a humming sound on there. Oh, it's your hum station. Yeah, I want a good hum job two to nine forty
Yeah, there you go all day
Yeah
For good hum and put up billboard campaign for a good hum job two to nine four down your am dial
man
How about those Haitians? Oh
And by the way the Puerto Ricans are gonna be doing it tomorrow that on Saturday
It's gonna be the Nicaragua and then on Sunday to go out of mollons of the Mexicans on Monday
Which would be sure because there aren't too many here and then the El Salvadorians on Tuesday
Who do I leave out and the Ovenos waylands on Wednesday? Oh, maybe Sam will be out there protesting. We'll have nothing else to do
This man has got the hoods but okay, and he always plays dumb
Well, I shouldn't say he plays dumb. He always acts dumb. I shouldn't say acts
Gregory comes marching in here when everything is falling apart crumbling around us here
And he walks in hey, how you feel like he's unaware of the fact that his bull crap radio station years a piece of dirt
With a bunch of make-believe stuff that they wouldn't even sell it radio shak. They'd be embarrassed to sell this stuff at radio shak
Even Eddie's shack would be embarrassed
So anyway when they had my stress test and came out
Anybody out there in this audience who doesn't believe in vitamins and supplements. I'll tell you right now
He's an asshole. You know believing it. Coke you ten best stuff. I've ever taken in my life
It's got that pulse way to hell down here. That's kind of like exercise in a bottle only. It's it's for real. It's great
In vitamin E 800 milligrams a day my stress test came out sensational for a fat old slob like me that doesn't do any exercise
They want to get the pulse up to 138. I got it up to 142
I said okay, it's enough of this crap plus they need you wrong and rest to go to anyway
So by the time I got there and frustrated and psychotic I'd already done a little bit of a stress test
I had probably done another couple of minutes on at damn thing on the treadmill
But I was already worn out
But I did more than I had did they show you a little target. There's like I've ever done a stress test
There's like a little circle on the computer and it like still like a little pie and it fills in as you're as you're
You know do you buy they give you a little piece of pie while you're on it
What you're going they hold it out like this so you keep running faster to try to reach it. Yeah, they hold it in front of your push
I
Think it was punky pie
But anyway, I did real good so the stress test was great my everything yesterday all my parts are in the right place
I'm feeling better today and then I come in here. It's the same old tire crap. Look at this we killed 25 minutes already and
Greg reads running around both
We got problems again. We got words towards Corso George Corso
I got a fix it for you sweetheart and either as that slump you got over there and four Myers that Bob whatever his name is what's his name that
Demo Bob the Moose
The moose I think that's what's in that fleet. I know about the moose isn't that a name? Yeah, that's one of the ingredients on a label
Oh, yeah, but he even knows his Smith
Yeah, that's why they put his name on the list of ingredients because he's a Schmidt head Bob the Moose
God an arrogant prick who doesn't know a damn thing about engineering about radio about manners about
Dealing with people about anything arrogant prick
Did a great job over here fixing up that button for the Fort Myers station didn't he huh did a beautiful job and I just go in there Bob the Moose
Oh, I'm telling you the collection of losers. They got in this company. It's amazing. It's astonishing
And then of course in the sales department once they go off. Hey, just hold your breath for a little while. They turn around and come right back in
We got that bald headed guy came back in here. You know what his favorite thing is
Outside and paces up and down and smokes out there at a parking lot that's he does that hours and
Good mind to do with two. He's a hell of a guy. What else is name Mike go what?
Not Epstein
Epstein. What is it?
Not another Jew
Oh my god. Yeah, if you're Jewish come on down. We'll put you in the sales department here at WG. I'm okay
Got him. I worked up today
So let me tell you let fleet boss of soda once a month went and doubt clean yourself out nothing like it
Channel 10 footage it noon. I'm telling you early on lots of the first big bomb right here. We're first recorded bomb from that little kid
Seriously every time this kid does anything
There's one of the cameras there to record it and then make a big simmiss you people yesterday at channel 10 anybody who works there
You ought to hang your heads and shame just like the people with the LA times were so embarrassed and humiliated and the newspaper
The editorial people had a red apology a 55,000 page apology for the incest you were seeing they head with that new arena there
That they got all the money from same thing here
Anybody connected with channel 10 anybody that even ever drove by their building on britt
I've just gained Boulevard down there ought to be embarrassed
Anybody that ever had ditto to and bishop any woman out there that ever ditto with and ought to be embarrassed
The crap that they're doing putting that thing on there over and over and over again
Full we have a and of course this is a big thing with all the TV stations
That is a really a news story like exclusively on 10 exclusively on 7
unbelievable
unbelievable
And by the way janitor Reno still says no, huh? Because the judge he's too busy counting that money
Does it take a genius to figure that a state court a family a court judge?
Yeah, it doesn't overrule the INS does it take a genius to figure that out? I don't think so
But don't confuse Jose basuto and Raul Ramos Raul Sahuosanchez and all these and Lincoln Diaz-Balard
He put on a performance tonight to go on Larry King. I thought his eyes were gonna pop out of the socket
This man is a man man
Lincoln Diaz-Balard rhymes with us. Yeah
lunatic
Papa papa and hey he knows the league right thought and the american fnway
But that means only he speaks trolley wrangler who's got a big mouth to begin with he couldn't get an award halfway edwized
Every time that anybody else tried to speak Lincoln Diaz-Balard. Oh, yeah, but I'm supposed to speak
I thought Larry's suspenders were gonna snap
1026 at 560 WQN the Q&N drops the green flag with motorsport center Saturday morning six
I'll show up right here on sports radio 560 QA
Just space and stands for nothing
Does it right back can you hear and tell them what the earth is comedy stuff
Who's received over a dropping aisle south of florida
They ran from the big fat two in man who conquered their island host
With freedom like tour will see you when the rest have to take a post or build a rat and float
You talked to get his past right quickly gave it up
After giving the Bay of Texas try the Air Force didn't show up
They float even to my end with the competition's in place
Like Bay of Venus and Swap Race you
Get a roll you roll
And at eight months
And eight years
Okay, so what do you really got really say on that tape?
Something like that 1031 at 560 WQN we got Hank at flagry today
We got her a cool hotline at six seven o'clock tonight and I have no idea why we got
Talk at baseball with boog at chulas. I do have an idea why because they sold it. Uh-huh
January 13th we got a three hour baseball show with the boogs through okay at seven o'clock tonight
Whether you like it or not and then cap on the tent with the odds of whether anybody listened to the previous three hours
Oh, yeah, must be this place, you know
Yeah, I'm starting to gag and choke and cup maybe that's because of my Greg Reed disease is starting to get allergies
Yeah, so George is in there saying all I think want to have this beef jerky and you know because we're starving
Don't be eating crap when you're sick as a dog. We eat more crap at this place
I would just say in this morning if we could get some good cuisine. Huh something healthy in here
What nothing?
Tinking yeah something helpful something good for you
Nothing this hood instead of all that greasy. I mean I don't want to knock. I mean the people that bring this food
It's all delicious and very good. They mean well
But you know when you've had your kiskeys are twisted inside you want to eat something that's good for you
Can I think of anything that is good for me that I like? No, no
Like I'll tell you what danon no fat yogurt
plain
I like you delicious. Well, this is plain though with nothing else plain you delicious, but no taste. It's okay
And it's got acidophilus in it. So it's good for your kids. You can sugar it. It won't
If you know if you put some uh, not uh, Splenda and they're gonna explain it. Yeah
Yeah, that sounds pretty good. Let's have about your yogurt here. What do you say? No?
We better take some names for this damn thing. Although before that
I better tell you about the assholes at the hockey game last night
First of all, please like I said before don't give me this dolphin stuff and then
This is a sports town. It's not even close to being a sports town. It's a joke
Got the hottest dan team going the Florida Panthers
They win almost every goddamn game even when they play lousy like lannis in the last night
Mike Verdon plays great last night for the fourth game
He's played four games for this team and the defense except for Brett Hedic in last night
Play the good game except for him the rest of the defense stayed home
And he still played a great game and he still won a game and povelle stuck another one nice pass there
Ray Whitney nice going sweetheart
And povelle's up there with 29 goals just four behind yummy yoghurt
What the hell more could you want there's most exciting player in the world the team that's in first place by a billion points and
Thousands and thousands of thousands of people disguised as green empty seats there last night said the attendance for 14,000 something
That's tickets. Oh, you should live so long
So to the right of me one roll back but you're of a drunken redneck slice and I got put him in the board put him in the board
Put him in the board
You're a bagger
Yeah, the screaming hey I love one one one tells you the boy you're a bagger
You have net the whole crowd is turning around looking at these guys drunken redneck should have been kicked out in the second period
And then sitting behind me even worse than the drunken redneck
We're almost amusing because they were so obnoxious sitting behind me were a couple of guys who obviously were just
killing time
Papa the whole game never stopped for a minute never took a breath never took a breath were they talking about the game?
About hockey about anything related to it and loud loud you can hear it 10 rows down
Hey, you know, I see that the
GE went up a half a point this morning
And they're talking about all this other crap and then in the middle of the first or second period
I forget which because I got so dizzy from it one of their buddies comes down sit on the edge of the step like
Cozies up to them and the three of them not in a seat but like on the edge of the step next to them and the three of them are going
like that
Talking in a crap as loud as they could
Please somebody explained to me what kind of so-called sports fans that we have in this town
Why are they there?
Other than the fact that maybe somebody gave them some tickets. It's got to be that
And they have no lives
I'd rather stay home and watch millionaire with Regis still been which is a bad show, but it is addicting all the cause they're ain't nothing else on
No, Quix shows are addictive and you want to know why because you can play along only I'd like to be
I'd like to be challenged a little bit more than one of the two colors of an Oreo cookie. I'd like to have a question a little bit more difficult than that
Yeah, well one of the two colors of an Oreo cookie and by the way we got four answers up there
The if you like the computer will eliminate three of them
And then let's let's see if he can get it right or you can call you can call the White House and you can go
I mean Jesus. That's a bad bad show really is
Best two Quix shows still on the year beyond a shadow of it out squeal of fortune and the price is right, okay
Is there any doubt about it? No, you want to know why because I just said so
Oh first of all there are all I'll tell you one of the great shows that was ever on if you
Bokeh Brian will agree
For those gameshow channel viewers like me and him which are the only two was card sharks with Jim Perry. Did you ever watch card sharks?
Yes, you didn't like it sure. Oh, I tell you we're gonna say much Quix shows all the time or at least they have a card charts was a good game show
huh and the questions they used to ask were at least I mean like you pick a number what for what the percentage of guys
So want to get laid in the next five minutes and we're always be the the respawn must have been a group of retards
Oh like 89% the other 11% they don't know what that means
They're from Miami
Yeah, you people of the game last night that was a real award-winning performance. So I tell you that right now
What do they even show up for and and they put up on the board there
Let's go panthers to try to start a cheer. Is the cheer started? Oh the only cheer they still know
I believe me the officiating last night was terrible. Mr. McGoo get some thick glasses, please
But nevertheless the only chance that they don't hey ref you suck
Oh man
As predictable as the god damn weather at the north pole these people in that a macaroni
That's very sad. We got a hell of a team. They're playing great
It was exciting game even though they were against the girls team and they were half the team was sick and puking their guts out
Ray shepherd by the way had to pull off the road yesterday and
Pukes guts out and set on the side of the road from this flu everybody sick
I don't want to say who brought all the flu and the viruses to America
You know what I'm saying?
In fact, you know what you do you shave in the middle of the head there and you look for the side of the beach for that
666 and then all of a sudden boy you'll see the worm turn real fast. Oh, he's a fidelic agent. Uh-oh
Uh-oh that infidel
Everybody's puking their guts out and half the team with six god melon be wasn't supposed to play last night
He scores a goal damn near scored another one
Comes off a sick bed so you know it was gonna be a tough game because half the team is a puking their brains out
But is there anybody there to see it? No, no
Now
same old predictable town
Was it in New York and then by the way it wasn't New York team, but it's a New York team that doesn't do anybody in New York
Almost caught myself in a
A bind there because it wasn't a New York team, but it's one and nobody on the Long Island goes to see either maybe 5,000 a game maybe
Kind of a girls team like Seattle, you know like there's offensive be less weekend. Oh
No, we got a shot man
Jacksonville didn't beat anybody
I've never heard so much garbage from people at just a couple of weeks ago
We're talking you finally coming to the realization of the truth and now they're living in La La land. Oh, yeah
We're talking super bold and yeah, okay
They're sure hoping on this station because boy to make a lot of money every god then week that they squeak by again
This station rakes in a lot of cash. Yeah, and not that they're gonna spend on any of our stuff in here. Are they ever gonna know?
21 before 11 at 5 60 WQM
We'll start taking names in a couple of minutes. We'll start talking to the troops out there
We'll give away a pair of tickets to the Dolphin Jacksonville game. You got to get there yourself
Of course compliments are first choice tickets towards and travel
Oh, frosty mad
Yeah
I like it when the guys stop by
For a hummer
Do you remember
Do you remember
When you got that hummer
New Kia Zonga block really has small
Chinese suits have no
I am fit to fly when the guy stop my for a hummer for a hummer
I like guys who start at only one is
It stretches when they make a wish
For thickest long from my hummer from my hummer
Big one daddy stick it in my hand. I gave you a hummer and it all began
You had the biggest one that I ever did see
It fell to the floor when you tried to see when you unzipped it and held the warmth
But it's no big that you just had to flog it
You wet my whistle with that big thing baby
Halfway done my throat man. It's your eyes be crazy
Now I think it's out to you that makes me sad
You went away and never came back
I gave you a hummer and you went back home
My colleague Toshin was the size of your bones
I felt decent love when he gave me a seat
Now I'm a little bit like Alex
Hey Keaton when I'm at you I need a two or six
It really doesn't matter the size of your stick
There's new kids on the block really have small
Chinese suits have no
I am fit to fly when the guy stop my for a hummer
Okay
For a hummer
That's 45 and 56 you're WQM
So Terry Jackson writes channel 10 goop by not admitting goof
You're about to asshole channel 10
Remember they called uh we can go on because there's no other guy in real talk show going on this time of the day
In town and they were desperate to come in with their cameras and exploit me in this audience and make a circus in here
And we said no good by channel 10 don't ever waste your time calling us again. Okay. You guys
Except for of course our good friend no don't know done no whatever's name is what that's with a comma
Shame on wplg channel 10 for failing to come clean and admit to its new staff bluets as Terry Jackson although he quite frankly
You don't have it right in this article either
After running a sensational video of alien ganzales on Tuesday night and telling viewers unequivocally the boy shout
And you want to be returned to Cuba the station tried to weasel out of the continuing controversy on Wednesday evening news
Anchor Dwight look how old I look waterdale and reporters mark joyella and Connie Hicks
Delivered stories that said aliens words are open to debate in station general mangler John Garwood said the new staff was being
Responsible when it made the first report
And also was covering the ensuing controversy
What did it which is it channel 10 says Terry Jackson all throughout two the United
episode of NYPD blue channel 10 promoted a story that it said would include shocking words spilling from young aliens lips
As in
Reporter Gwen belten loved the 11 p.m. Newscastle the few seconds of tape of an excited alien yelling in Spanish at a passing jet
Then with dramatic conviction she told yours that alien his arms raised to the sky said I want you to return me to Cuba
There was no context for aliens remarks already hit that's a translation of the words on the slightly models
They might be something different when they faced with mounting evidence from Spanish speakers and language experts
That alien probably said I want that they not take me back to Cuba see I hate to break the news to you Terry Jackson
But you don't say I want that they not take me back to Cuba
Do you
Yo Kiyato would you say that?
You say no Kiyato
Right but but I'm saying you wouldn't say I want that they not take me back even a sick little he just wrote it screwed up
But he starts out by saying you're Kiyato, which means I want you know you wouldn't say I want not to have that sandwich
I mean in any way it's not the way it were but anyway he says
Channel 10 tried to hide its gap behind a what do you think that he said street pole
The station's credibility
Would have been better served by a Frank admission that the first story was overhyped and under reported may have been an error
Instead the station seemed to revel in the future and the fewer with lot of the reminding viewers that this was a story that only would be seen on channel 10 only on 10 thank god
Channel 10 failed its primarily English-speaking viewers with that first report ignoring any balance and favor of sensationalism
Then it failed viewers again by not owning up to some bad journalistic judgment
What are and like I said why did I waste my time reading that to what does he really say? I don't there's anybody oh no
I don't know what he said
The fact is that nobody you who cares what he said
Who gives a flying craft every time this kid has like I said is a
Yastra could take we got 55 reporters down there and a whole bunch of people hypervitalating and screaming and yelling and Jose
But so they're coming on the street and as God damn Raul Salah say oh well
We don't want no protest now, but we want our people to be standing by standing by to be standing by so when you punch your buttons
All your little robots will go out there all 800 of them and act like a bunch of assholes again
That's what this town is turned into we got we got a handful of irrational lunatics punching the buttons and as soon as they start pulling the strings and punching the right buttons
All their lackeys go out there in the streets and start pissing everybody off. That's what it's all it's just as simple as that you don't have to make it complicated
Unacceptable Jose and Ramon and whatever your other guy damn name is this week
Okay, let's start talking to some folks out there otherwise you only got to 1230 to register for these great
Per tickets thanks to a first-to-euth tickets toers and travel to the doff in the Jacksonville game this Saturday
As it went a doubt somebody might just get blown out. I don't want to say who we'll see
We'll see because at the NFL and the teams are all so bad anyway that who the hell knows we got a shot. We got a shot
Sounds like we got a shot
Here's Holly will hello
Hello, yes, sir. Welcome to our screw-up phone system. Hi. I see that how you done this morning. Yeah, you sound good
I sound great. I'm a full of pepper and not so full of it. In fact if anybody tells me I'm full of crap the answer is no not today
Hey, Wendy
Anya let me ask a question do you remember back when the conversation you had with the gentleman
Well, you know you have an on tape it says even the Lord loves Neil Rogers. Yeah
Would you have a conversation with that gentleman or does that just did you call and say that I don't I don't know sir
I have no idea a long time ago. I don't remember anyway
He's a family relative of mine. He told me on Thanksgiving when we all got together and I thought it was
I know that the Lord even loves Neil Roger
Probably I'm known for 47 years really he lives in Miami. I live about 98
No, he's by 50's I year-age. Oh, for now you're talking now not really. Yeah
But you never know. We're very sick and right now. Was that on today was that on the old station? I hate that
That guy's not the qualifying for anything is he? No chance. Get out of here with that crap
Was you know kind of marginally interesting way with effect. No. Was it really interesting at all? No
desperate see like I said I want to talk to some people today
If you want the tickets and you have something to say well register if you want of course if not
That's okay too if you want to talk about colostomy bags and the colorectal this and and I end and that's it
Well, however they say it and the end of scoppel
Isn't that how you would say something like that?
Is in what the hell is in there
Here's North Miami. Hello. I just lost my ticket though. That guy was good. Well, oh god
I lost it. Well, Monday, you know, the boats are coming from Africa. I'm Monday. Open door policy. Uh-huh
It's Martin Luther's birthday and I'd love to see
By the way, don't be knocking at the I take that day off as a holiday every year
Not for any special reason, but just because I don't want to take off you. I'm keep her in the head for telecom
I'll tell you how the Cape Veria was it be here about Monday all the infected people from Africa are gonna be here on the Monday
Right, so if you think we don't have enough sick people here yet just wait
They're gonna be that kind of big a the big C the big T the big whatever you want. They're gonna bring it
Yeah
No problem. I'm not that it's such a good. Well, you got to we have a game on Saturday, sir
We got a shot. Hold on. Hold on. Don't say Miami or you might kick cut off
I don't know who's gonna win the game. Does anybody know of course not
But I mean to listen to somebody's phony people calling on this radio station and some of the people on the air of course is usual
By the way, thanks hopper who we're uh, no, what day was it Tuesday when I left out of here
I think wanted to talk to me on the air to wish me luck with my test
But I had to get out of here because I had to go for my stress test. I had to fly out of here
And then they give me the wrong address to go to I already told that story
But it was a little annoying, but dr. Dick's good guy and my good friend Gary up there at the office
Every time I walk in Gary starts, uh, you know talking the radio
Just stick with my health Gary. Don't be a yet. Don't be a groupie Gary. Just stick with my health. Let's keep it
But it was good
And a stress test, you know something I wouldn't mind taking one of those how often you're supposed to take one of those like every year every two
Year something like that something like that. Oh, I don't know
It's not that bad
And you actually can watch it you watch the monitor and it shows your EKG is going and your pulse rate and your blood pressure
They're taking while you're doing the thing
Not bad
And they say get your pulse up to 138 that's our target and I'm watching that thing and I could I I don't want to say this because the doctor might be listening
All the way down that I could go another 30 40 seconds
But what's the point that I want to croak right there on the treadmill? No, that was enough
I got your little pie filled in there now. Let me sit down have a little pie with whipped cream and that's it
Well, it is viral thing. I mean on three weeks plus one day and I think finally finally
It's on the way out. Maybe I'm hoping I hope maybe I kind of like kind of under my system
Here's Miami. Hello
Come on. You are you doing pretty good?
That's it on this alien
Not alien but alien pain
I'm the most I'm human and I I agree that if they want to demonstrate they can
But as far as stopping traffic and stuff
They're so mary unlucky. Yeah, I mean I'm going to have very good news for everybody in audience including you
The two guys that got hit by the red car
Yeah, the two guys are going to be charged with blocking traffic obstructing traffic
And the guy in the red car who told the story of the cops that he felt the they threatened him
He was scared for his life. He's not getting charged at all. How do you like great? That's great. I even got in the dark
I'm going with my mom over this. Yeah, your mama
Yeah, she kept
Telling me that they got the right to demonstrate and the free country. I say well
You have a right to demonstrate
But you don't have a right to keep threatening the public blocking off traffic slowing down and threatening the airport
What the hell is the goddamn airport got to do with any of this hassle, huh?
What has it got nothing? I agree now on also on the sports that you were talking about the fans and
I mean I realized that we don't have great fans down here
But I go to about four games for hockey games. I know nothing about hockey. I take my son. I got a 15-year-old son to play hockey
Right and I love the arena and the facility over there is great. I have but I took my son to a basketball game last week
And that is ridiculous. I mean what they build that
American Airlines arena and downtown Miami. Yeah, I
expected to see something similar to the Panthers arena
That is ridiculous the parking situation. Yeah, they don't plan about the parking because there is yeah
I mean, I won't go back there and now they're talking about it. Somebody came by last night
Somebody came by between periods last night and said they were there last week and it's the worst the nightmare and history
Every aspect of it. It's not finished
Even though my son stood almost a quarter and a half of basketball to get a soda
I mean, it's ridiculous
The exiting and going up to the third level. I mean it is ridiculous. There's no room
It's poorly. I think he slipped this to Mickey again. I'll be honest with him
Oh, it's ridiculous. I think the only people that came out ahead
Were the people with the sweets and stuff that's about it right
Like Hank said it was built for two or three thousand people and for the fans to them you know, it's always that way
Let me tell you I'm a big guy and those little chairs. I didn't fit in
I was dumb. Yeah, I was just like to just like the seats in the corners at the Macarena
First of all, we haven't filled up the arena one time this year for the Panthers
They could have built 18,000 seats instead of 195 or whatever it is and they made it look a lot for all the time
And and mates a lot maybe a thousand or fifteen hundred of the seats bigger
So you don't have to have like little baby seats for people that sit in the corners
But they you know, they're a bunch of grave robbers. Yeah, it's terrible
And then they don't open a damn turn style so like 635 last night so they can piss everybody off
Because they don't want to pay the usher's next to a half an hour. I just unbelievable. Yeah, I want to be on the list pal
I got to run. Yeah, okay hang on put that amigo on the list there, okay
1056 at 560 1230 will do the drawing and then you'll have to come down tomorrow
Let me make it very clear to markets. We won't have the tickets to tomorrow morning
And to pick up your tickets to go to see the dolphins play in Jacksonville who knows man they got a shot
I'm here in around town
From that jackass with the silly silver here. That's the remark. Keep here. We got a shot
You see him run up to Danny after that game on Sunday. Yeah, yeah, we did it
And then he kind of like started away like get away from you smell bad, you know
Only one South Florida
At Cobra weekday afternoons at two sports radio 560 Q
Good
Oh
I
You say all is well, a little coach and it's all up, to tag me up with food.
I hate to thank a fan, thank a fan, and a crowd.
So, to them for me, all the crowd, be given NFL drugs.
If you never hear the channel say a lot, check out this, every small screen shot.
There's a very criminal they should have liked.
Now, if you can catch the ball or throw it with the ball with racing murder,
he'll write as long as making it just a glitch.
If you fill out something in the game,
you can throw it off as they are making money and it's like you do the way.
Yes, he'll be back in a time, or then throw it around.
No, we don't know what he'll be for. He'll be on the ground.
Be given in and the crowd.
Be given here the channel say a lot.
Be given in and the crowd.
Be given here the channel say a lot.
Yeah, that just dawned on me,
while listening to that, something you never really thought of before.
That is, back in the days, and I've talked about this before,
before we had all this hyped contrived with a Gary Glitter and all this stuff,
and all kinds of sporting events.
There wasn't all of that. Maybe an organ with some music or just an organ, a swinging organ,
which is nothing wrong with that.
People would react naturally, however they reacted.
If they got excited, if they were oblivious, whatever.
But now everything is orchestrated.
First, it was the wave. Everybody's acting like an asshole.
They're all doing this, like a bunch of idiots.
Now, if a sign went up on the scoreboard,
any of these stadiums or arenas that said,
take the index finger of your right hand and stick it in your nose,
take the index finger of your left hand and stick it in your rectum,
and have like 50,000 people or an avant-garde arena,
it's 15,000 people sticking fingers in their orifice.
Yeah. Oh, yeah. Here we go.
Like this.
And they probably come up with a song that goes along with it, too, no doubt.
Yeah.
Orchist rated excitement.
Of course, what do you expect?
Especially the last night when most of the people were there.
I'd say 80% of the people that were there couldn't have given a crap,
less what was going on in the ice.
You know, there was our usual accord.
There was my friend Howard Kleinberger across the way.
How you doing, Howard?
And it was some of the people in my section I know very well,
who are good-to-voted fans to understand the game,
about a hundred of us.
And I'm sure scattered around the arena.
There were about a few hundred more, and that's it.
And the rest of the people,
bop, bop, bop, oh, yeah.
And I was at the office yesterday, and his broad had really big teets,
and bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop.
And he asked you, I mean, what are you guys talking about?
And why do you talk so freaking loud?
Like we got to hear a play by play of your boring life?
God!
And you wonder why so many people choose to stay home and watch free on TV?
Does anybody wonder that anymore?
No!
No, I don't.
But I, you know, it's right by my house.
I enjoy going there.
At least I try to enjoy going there.
I enjoy the game.
It was fairly entertaining last night.
Penalty shot there at the end.
Here's a river here of Beach.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
The gene, this is the old hot walker from River River Beach,
and I need you to let me off the hook for old times sake.
And what is that?
I took a vow about six years ago to solve the last great mystery of your life,
and I'm afraid I'm going to let you down.
You know what the story is in River River Beach with what your mystery was?
What are you talking about, sir?
Oh, those language are you saying?
You said Anthony Carter, the Michigan.
Yeah.
That's the mystery I've been trying to solve,
and I don't have an answer for you.
I hear he's coming back to some coast tide of finishes education.
Oh, he's got a great daughter there that's running great track.
Oh, really?
Yeah.
Well, it runs in the family, you know?
Well, you know, you know, the only answer is...
Anybody named Carter usually runs fast.
Billy Carter used to run fast after he peed on the walls of all the buildings.
He didn't make the whole story.
He didn't make the whole fame.
No, Ms. Lolliam did, though.
Yeah.
She made the wrinkle hall of fame.
You know, the answer to that mystery, though, is two of your favorite people.
Bill McCartney and Bo Shemblecker.
Yeah, I have no idea who the first one is.
Who Bill McCartney who coached that Carter out of FD was an assistant at
and became the born-again Christian.
Okay. Well, thanks for the good news.
Anybody know what he said?
No.
No.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T line.
Woo!
8777856345.
On the world famous out of townlines,
we get more great calls like that one from River or Beats.
That was pretty special, wasn't it?
Yeah.
We'll get a call like that from Dayton Broward, I don't think.
No.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Oh, come on, Neil.
You may not get to follow that guy up.
Yeah, well, not much to top.
Yep, that's pretty bad.
You look quite a bit under the weather last night when I came up and talked to you.
What do you buy that?
This is occupied, by the way.
Yeah.
You didn't look like yourself last night.
Well, I had just gotten through undergoing all of this stuff and cleaning my system out.
I was a little bit, you know, peaked, so to speak.
Plus, I'm not eating for a day and a half.
Well, first of all, you're wrong.
You wouldn't have 15,000 people stick in fingers in their orifice.
Because you can't get that many people out in the arena.
That's why I'm not talking about our arena.
Our arena, you have 8,000 doing it.
Hey, even the Islander fans up top even said that Florida fans suck.
You know, it was pathetic up there.
We're yelling and screaming.
Yeah, I think that last night, and we hit a new low.
That was the worst ambiance.
Even it going back to the older arena,
this arena for the second year now.
That was the worst ambiance I've ever encountered.
Going to a Florida Panthers game.
That was tragic.
And they've been winning game after game after game.
And some of the sour people have come up to me, you know,
oh, well, gee, what's wrong with it?
And I'm thinking to myself, why are you people bitching and complaining
and winning every goddamn game just about?
There are 50,000 points ahead in their division.
They got the biggest lead of any team in the league in their division by a long shot.
What's everybody bitching about?
Even on the road now, they're winning most of the games.
What is the problem?
Why are these people so sour?
Neil, this is the same thing.
It's like, no matter whether they're winning or losing,
they're not going to show up.
They don't want to be there.
They are there.
They're giving a ticket like you said.
It's like with Dan Moreno.
When he was losing, everybody said he's stuck.
He should retire.
He goes to win one game.
Well, that's everyone says he's our savior now.
After Burrey scored that goal and what he's great past life,
I thought the same thing went through my mind of insane all along.
This town doesn't deserve Dan Moreno or Pavel Burrey.
Not in the league.
They don't appreciate him.
Well, there's a few of us up there that are supporting this team every game.
Yeah.
I have only missed one game because I was out of town this year.
You know, I sprew all the rest of the people.
My section up in 405 was empty.
It was maybe a handful of Islander fans.
There was a couple standing up at the top.
They were sitting on their hands.
I would say, I would say maybe 10,000 people there last night.
Maybe.
If that, if that, I went out on the balcony and looked at it,
the parking lot, it was empty.
Nobody there.
Absolutely nobody.
Okay.
As far as little alien goes,
would him and the Cuban leaders in a 10-foot aluminum boat,
give him a couple of paddles, send their bus back to Cuba,
and screw them off?
You went on the list?
Yes, sir.
Okay, Dave, hang on.
Thank you.
That's our good buddy Dave,
put him somewhere on the list.
Nine minutes after 11 at 560 WQM's.
Oh, it's hot, Neil.
This is not a black-dice crowd at the Macarena, by the way.
Especially those astronauts that were sitting across the bus.
One roll back.
Well, I know my sister all my life.
That is why she's now my wife.
And I think my son may know it too.
He's the new two.
Well, my daddy is my uncle.
My mother is my dear Uncle.
He is very pleased to see my first cousin is me.
I have this revolutionary idea, what we ought to do with the Macarena.
And that is have like a special section out there.
They have those big wide hallways.
It's beautiful.
And just make one special section and kind of rope it off.
You don't do a little rope at the bottom and make sure they can't get out.
For all the people who want to just sit out there and smooth it.
You know, how many, they have these amazing places for people who want to go get drunk.
What they call, they're called bars.
That's right.
They're called bars.
For people who just want to chill.
They want to go drive home and kill somebody on the wall.
Yeah.
Like Rick Sanchez.
That's what they're called.
Bars.
Not hockey arenas.
Not basketball arenas.
Not baseball stadiums.
Not football stadiums.
They're called bars.
Hey, let's go to that tailgate party.
Yeah, we only got 14 hours before the game.
Just obnoxious and disgusting.
You see one thing that drunks don't understand.
Any of them is how obnoxious they are to everybody else.
See, they think they're funny.
Because they're usually with other drunks and they're all laugh at each other.
You know, they're laughing in the cackling and puking each other.
And everybody else is looking at them kind of like a.
Like that.
Like what's wrong with you, man?
Got your mind?
And how come nobody kicked those assholes out?
You know, they're a whole bunch of, I'm not one on words.
Words don't bother me.
But when people are bringing their little kids in there,
it seems to me that people would be upset not that those kids have heard the words before.
But they don't want to expose them in that environment to some drunken bastard.
You know, FU and F.
Every other word was F toward the end as he got to his 85th beer.
In between.
And F.
Every other one.
Could have been a very pleasurable experience there.
He wore a small crowd, but it wasn't.
Here's a mobile in Delray Beach, huh?
Hello, Delray.
Yes, sir.
Neil, I just want to tell you a story here.
It's not that long.
First of all, I don't want to take you out of my name, Brady.
No, I don't want no biggest, I have an old horse job.
I called, I'm a season holder,
tickens for the dog, since the orange bowl, et cetera.
And I called down here.
I figured, well, let's get a few people together.
Maybe go up the jack to the, I got club seat.
So I called down here.
You got a club foot?
I got a club foot in the club seat.
All right.
So I called that club foot in the club.
Back to him.
Nice going.
So I called down here, right?
So how many ticks do you think they had available to the public that are season-tick to holders?
Eight.
Twenty tickets.
Yeah.
Let me talk to Super Vig.
Right?
I heard this.
I should, I can tell you, admit to me.
Hello?
How long has been, sir?
So I just said, 20 tickets.
I said, I mean, what happens?
Where's all the tickets?
I said, well, with the players, the management, after they get done, we only have 20 tickets.
I can't believe that.
Yeah.
They're off, scalping them all over the place, I guess.
I guess the season-tick to holder doesn't mean anything anymore.
No, I guess not.
All right.
I guess it makes a lot more sense to stay home watching on TV for free.
You don't have to have those drugs puking all over you and getting in the fight.
I thought it'd be nice to take a little ride to Jacksonville.
It's probably fiber to have sex.
And four or five people up there watching.
Yeah, with just an engine all the money you're going to save.
You don't have to waste your money on a gas and that overpriced food up there.
You don't have to be in the middle all those Yahoo's and Jacksonville and Dubal County, you know?
And you can sit home and watch it free on your TV.
How do you like that?
How do you go on the poppano?
Any goods?
Uh, no.
Okay.
Things haven't changed.
Right.
Things haven't changed.
Haven't worked for Alex.
It's gone.
It's kind of like Jimmy and Danny and Danny and Jimmy.
It's Kevin and the Brucie and Brucie and Kevin and maybe Wally wants to have a great day.
There you go.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
I think there's got to be pleased that it isn't after you let all the way up there.
Now that they didn't have any tickets, because it wouldn't be a pleasant experience.
Would it?
No.
Although I will say this.
We're going to give these tickets away.
And if you have a good time, find if not don't blame us.
We're trying to do something nice.
Are we trying to do something nice?
No.
No.
No.
I'm just to kill some time with it.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Oh, yeah.
I wanted to talk to Neil.
Speaking.
Neil.
Yes, I am.
Hey, how are you doing?
I'm not talking about the dolphins.
Am I on there?
Talk about the dolphins.
Yeah.
Why?
I don't talk about the dolphins.
Oh, come on.
This is not a sports show.
Yeah, I know.
Why would I want to talk about the dolphins who would be like, what do you think the chances are?
I'm sweating.
Slint and none.
Oh, come on.
Are you kidding them?
You're asking a villain.
You asked me a question, sir.
Do you want my answer?
Or do you want me to agree with you?
I think they have slimed and none.
Why that?
Jacksonville plays in a crappy division.
He has to do it till he has some original games during the year.
Absolutely.
But the fact is that when you look at their personnel, they happen to have a much better.
The dolphins are just because they want a game against the girls team.
Does that make them any better than the team that lost six of the right games the week before that?
Of course not.
Now, did you see what the times did?
I had a great day, sir.
Call the sports nerds.
Okay, they'll agree with you.
They'll jump right on the bandwagon.
Front running, phoneies.
Front running, phoneies.
Yeah, all the way.
They squeak by and I do me.
Oh, you know, I don't want to pick on my good friend Hank again, but I will.
I'm driving.
Where the hell was I going?
Maybe to the doctor somewhere.
And somebody calls him up a lot, Old Indomare.
And I'm the only one on this radio stage you'll recognize is that a Lindomare.
He's the guy that if wasn't for him, they would have been out of contention most of the games this season.
Because he's one of the best field world kickers that ever came down to a pike.
And somebody mentions that and acts as well.
He's all pro.
And there's a one more you want.
You don't get to know for what you want us to say.
Which I thought and so whoever was running the board that day, he turns in, oh yeah, what's the what's there to say?
We'll pack him a sandwich, something like that.
When you don't have any goddamn offense, when the inside the 20 is the dead zone instead of the red zone.
And you got to have a guy who's dependable like he is almost every goddamn time.
He deserves a lot of credit and should be talked about.
Of course, his name ain't Danny and his name ain't Jimmy.
Maybe maybe we could have Danny Mare and his brother Jimmy Mare, Danny and Jimmy Mare instead of Orlando,
which is kind of a strange name anyway.
And he's the crackers can't say that know how.
He's a tie and I heard from Argentina is what I heard.
And don't have anybody calling season like Joe Castellac is not a ten.
Joe is just having the same Cynthia that better experience at the swing club, you know.
When that guy's court, court, his face.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how's it going?
Yes, sir.
Did you see the first lady last night have the David Letterman?
I don't stay up to watch David Letterman now.
You know, now for seeing her out close in that show last night, I can understand why Bill went to...
Of course not.
Who now wants to touch that bitch?
Oh, man.
I mean, you know.
And you remember if you see pictures of when she was younger when they were in Arkansas,
she looked just like the daughter looks now.
It's like I never think of the name of the her retarded looking daughter there.
What's her name?
Chelsea.
That's it.
That's not the same she had the freaky hair and she was a mess then and she's a mess now, the ice princess.
She was just an obnoxious little bitch and all she could do is just a rag on Julia.
She says that...
He's a fascist pig, okay?
I say a plague on both her houses.
Well, he's a crap.
He's a fascist.
He's a Nazi Rudy Giuliani.
He's the Ken Jenny of New York.
I take Linda trip over her.
Uh-huh.
I mean, that's how bad she is.
Okay, well, have a good time with Lynn until I'm still looking for her son.
56670560.560.
You're smirking about that.
That's not a joke.
That's serious business.
I'd like to trip over him.
Have a little slip and fall.
Slip and slide.
56670560.560.
I'm the AT&T wireless line as we tried desperately to register some more people.
Not going to be much of a contest in 1230 when we draw a name out of a year.
I'm like, uh-huh.
Oh, you know, I saw that last night too.
Very sad.
Right there in our section, some young kid with a schmata on his head, you know, with the, uh,
But what about Bobby pins?
Is that what they call them?
Bobby pins that keep those things in their hair.
Yes.
Oh, yeah, how sad that is.
All new Jewish kids out there.
Just say, no, when mommy or daddy try to tell you're going to have to walk around all your life when that schmata on your head.
Just say, no.
Time to go back to the 10th world.
Okay, go back to the Stone Age.
And quit.
I could try to impose their stupidity on you.
That just breaks my heart when I see that.
So I was like, every religious or ethnic group would have to put it's at least with a mormons.
You can't see the magic underwear.
Now what are those kids doing gym class?
Huh?
When they have to go into the showers?
Oh, gee, Johnny, look at that.
He's got funny underwear, is that?
You don't get to wear the magic underwear until I feel married.
You don't?
No.
You're not a god until I feel your marriage.
I would think it would be the other way around.
To wear the magic underwear, it's hard to do what poke it through there, you know.
But if once you're married, huh?
Then you want a little bit of freedom.
Then it's okay to be having 20 or 30 or 40 kids.
That's what the Ozzman said.
It's a privilege that you have to earn those undies.
Is it really?
Oh, yeah.
Now are they ever stained a little bit?
Do you think or what?
No, not then.
Now let me ask you this, since they have to wear them all the time.
If you're like going for a cold and off-scopeen, you're doing the prep and you have to drink that floral or whatever that is.
Or that gold lightly.
Believe me, I didn't go lightly.
Okay.
I went heavily and often.
But now, do you get to take those off when you're a do-do-do-no-from-no?
They have to use a seam ripper on the edge.
Oh my god.
I hate when I have it.
What if you have bad ends?
Woo!
Talk about heavy duty experience.
Poor Mormons, you know.
Poor all these poor kids raised with these stupid religions.
Have to walk around like a bunch of zombies.
Just say, you know, tell your parents, give them the buff on goal, okay?
Tell them if they want to live like a bunch of stupid barbarians.
That's okay.
It's not for you, okay?
Nist from here.
That's what you tell them.
Nist from here.
Either way, it's the food on the way from our good friends at Atlantic City Subject.
If we love them, profusely, they're great.
God are they wonderful people, huh?
They put up with us.
Thank God.
Here's the crawl spring.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I think it's great that the stadium is empty.
10,000 less people standing up in front of me yelling with their kids.
I can join the hockey game.
Why should it be empty for Krennau?
The team is kicking ass.
You got the most exciting player in the world.
What does that say about this town if they can't play the game without even one?
I just pulled down three years ago from New York.
I used to go to water ranger games.
It was great.
And I'm going to tell you something, even though the islanders are pretty pissed-forward.
That was an exciting game last night.
It wasn't a good game, but it was exciting.
At least it was an exciting game.
It wasn't a blown-out game.
Right.
And now the other thing is, what are we going to get a new stadium?
Yeah, right.
We do for one.
My army just got one.
Let's get one.
Yeah, that's what you're right.
Let's have one in Dave Brown and in Palm Beach.
Why not?
Why not by me, Carl Sprin?
Okay.
Next week.
Okay.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Ah!
Pound 5, 60.
On the AT&T Barth.
Too bad about that carnival cruise ship, by the way.
What?
What?
And Mickey Harrison, man, he sure is having problems these days, you know?
I keep telling you, people.
Just say-
No!
Just say no to the religious nothing.
Just say no to the cruise ship people.
Unless you want to be a captive audience.
You can see, I know it's very difficult to understand.
But once you're out there at that cruise ship in the middle of the ocean or wherever
you are, and something bad happens, or you're having a bad time, or like I just want
to have something bad happen to all the toilets stop working and all the electric went out
and they weren't telling the truth, which is just like around here at QAM.
Greg Reed ought to be the director of a cruise line.
He'd be great to tell tales.
Oh, there's nothing wrong.
Those big flames you see, it's just a show, okay?
Yeah.
Just a show.
Oh, that smokiest smell.
It just were getting more barbecuing.
I need based kind of a corporation that was the largest cruise operator said a generator
aboard its cruise ship celebration.
What a name.
Let's play the song.
Come on.
Let's celebrate.
Who sings that, Commitors?
Close.
No.
No.
Celebrate.
Why?
Cool in the game.
Oh, I would never have got that.
Stool in the game?
Anyway, the cruise ship celebration caught fire about midnight near Jamaica.
No one was reported to engineering and damage is still being assessed.
Are you sure?
Cool in the game, sing celebrate?
I like that song.
In fact, I'd much rather hear that.
Why would we play that after a goal celebrate by cool in the game instead of God damn stupid Gary of...
...stand at, stand at, stand at, stand at, stand at, stand at.
Oh, I'm telling you.
If I could just remake the world through the eyes of...
Damn God!
Yours truly.
Believe you me, it would be a much more fun place to live.
Trust me.
Free weed for everybody when you go into the game.
And by the way, people with the smoking pot in there wouldn't be like...
I'm not just in loud and disgusting like that.
And they'd be buying a lot more food to concession stands too.
There you go.
And there's a way to make a lot of money.
You can even afford to pay the ushers the extra half-hour.
Free weed for everybody to panther games.
You're on.
And those concession stands aligns to be as long as they are at the macro ring at the other arena.
As the Mickey Arena.
Now, it's...
God, am I won't stop today.
Now I have a little under here.
We go like I said, it's the Commodore's.
They sound like the Commodore's.
Okay?
Like I said, close.
And if you get in with the K with the seat with the K, who's with the K?
Huh?
Go on the gang on QAM.
Debo, Sloaney, sports shoehouse.
Are you up to the challenge?
No.
Saturday morning, today.
Only on sports radio, 5.62, AAM.
Get the Hoover, out the moon, mine.
And now, a typical day at the Silvestre Stallone Household.
Hey, O'Jediver.
Did I just see the chef looking at me?
Did he look me in the eyes?
Hey, O'Jedvie.
You worked pretty hard on this steak, huh?
Took what?
Three, four hours?
Well, hey, Rover.
Well, now it's dog meat.
Never looked me in the eyes.
And now, a typical evening at the Silvestre Stallone Household.
Mr. Big Man's life, the lon.
Wonder how he like his chicken soup?
Hot or cold?
With or without a looky?
With?
And maybe I dip my voice in it for a little flavor?
I hope you enjoy the appetizing, Mr. Don't look me in the eyes.
Don't f*** with this chef.
It's 1130 at 560 W.
I'm glad I've had to Joe Costello get nervous every time he hears that.
Here's a good letter to the editor in one of our papers.
It's more than probably the Sun Sentinel because it makes too much sense.
Although I've noticed, in both papers, 95% of the letters they've been printed in the editor,
which of course are always based in proportion to whatever they're getting,
are like, say the same thing, like cut the crap and send them back home.
It says, whose freedom says, Anthony Melendez in Fort Lauderdale.
It says, let me try to get this.
The Cuban community does not want to send alien Gonzalez back because
Castro's anti-democratic Cuba stomps on human rights and takes away their freedom.
The Cubans create traffic slow-round to protest the INS decision.
While doing this, they stomped on the rights of a democratic majority
who believed the most basic human rights belong to that father.
The Cuban community says it loves the West Democratic system
but it acts to create anarchy why should not defend my freedoms?
How do you like that?
Ask Anthony Melendez.
He says, why?
Yeah, nice going Anthony, good letter.
And I could read 50 million more but I won't waste the time.
All same pretty much the same thing.
Cut the crap.
Cut the crap.
We got to have a protest out there in the streets and that's what we all of us just can't.
Cut the crap.
Cut the crap.
And stop threatening.
Threaten and threaten.
Oh, well we can't say what will happen if he goes back and we can't say and we want everybody to be on guard.
What is the word on guard on ready on command?
Standing by.
Waiting for the signal so they can go out there.
Like a bunch of puppets, you wind them up and they start to do their thing.
High preventulating.
What a pile of and thank God that they're not turning us into a political circus here like they do over there in Cuba with all those pony rallies with the t-shirts.
Thank God they're not doing that here.
Right.
See what's good for the goose like they say in Newfoundland.
What's good for the goose is good and gander is what they say in Newfoundland.
Those new fees.
Which by the way, how come it's an hour and a half ahead up there?
What kind of time is that?
Is there any other time zone in the world that's unlike a half hour?
No, I don't think so.
They're the only ones.
Only those very, very strange people like Bob Cole from the CBC that's got four hairs on his head and coms him like off to the side to make it look like he's got some hair.
Here's lots of hatchy.
Hello.
Good morning sir.
Yes sir, pretty good.
You are full of energy today.
I'm on fire today, baby.
Now they cleaned you out.
Yeah, yesterday my back dome is on fire today.
The rest of me is.
Is that fleet something?
What did they fit your seat?
Is it one?
No, it's called the phosphosoda.
Can you take it with citrus seed?
No, there's a taste citrus seed.
Or lemon-ears-a-pot.
I thought you were saying citrus seed.
Oh, I know, no.
Does it taste citrus seed?
I don't know.
No, I think you're left to let her off the first part of that.
Quite me.
Yeah.
I think I left the H out of the citrus seed.
I'm calling to rip your station meal.
Go right ahead.
Take all the time you want.
I am a hard work informer up the hatchy.
Yes sir.
I'm packing some vegetables right now.
You're packing it right now?
Yes sir.
Good.
I'm heading down there because I have to make a delivery on the west side of the airport.
I'm getting off into the palm metal.
And your station is about to be a traffic report.
And the guy is like, well, it's the bigger sucks that I've ever seen.
And right before he got to where it's at,
they cut him off and put on a promo for your station.
And give me where to hide.
Actually it was.
And here I am stuck on the palm metal.
Well, we don't have time.
We got to make spots to run.
We can only check if there's an accident, but we don't have time to take it.
The worst part is my veggies are packed in ice.
So here I am sitting there dripping all over the place.
Yeah.
Because I'm in a pickup.
But you know, that's just to the producer.
You suck in the morning.
Will you flush back him?
It's a wreck.
Make out on the list.
Yeah.
Thank you, Neil.
Okay.
Have a great day.
And the same you.
I thought I was waiting because I thought maybe you wanted his name.
Oh, no, he did say, can I get on the list?
Oh, I didn't hear that.
I wasn't here.
What is he still there?
I hope.
I pray.
Or not.
Because I hung up on him.
I didn't hear what.
I didn't understand what he said.
Oh, he is there.
Thank goodness.
Because he was a decent guy, huh?
He's a hardworking guy.
He's busy packing it morning, doing a night.
He wants his name on the list.
Plus, we only got 56 minutes to go to 1230 when I pull a name out of a schmata.
Oh, God.
It's just the...
Why do I care about those things?
Why do I care about the fact that there are six twisted people out there living in the dark ages that forced their kids to embrace the same craft that they were lived their lives around.
But the schmata is on their head with the bobby pins.
Oh.
Makes me bring tears to my eyes.
Makes me want to start all over again.
If I hadn't, he would have gone.
I have none left.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I just want to celebrate by where he is.
We used to be known as the Sunline.
He was on the train of grandmother's and he's dancing.
Yeah, that's not bad.
Remember them?
Uh-huh.
Listen.
Those ticket brokers, man, they ought to be arrested.
I've been trying to get tickets and said,
see how they'll up there and I can't.
It's $300.
I think it's a super poll.
$300 bucks?
Yeah, man.
It started at $189.
$225.
I wouldn't pay $35.
To go through that crap.
Well, I'm going up there anyway.
I'd like to stop there and watch the game.
Yeah.
Yeah.
How about that?
Oh, you want to be on the list?
Is that what you're saying, sir?
I'm up to me.
Okay, hang on.
I'm going to be a little slow.
I don't know.
I guess these people are a little bit nervous to come around and say,
put my name on list God, dammit, because otherwise they figure out
I'll cut him off right away because I'm loaded with energy.
Are they?
Am I loaded with it?
That's all I got is energy.
I don't have any crap for it today because believe me, it's all gone.
What's that number on the other timeline, by the way, just in case.
Maybe somebody in the West Coast has got something to say or really doubt it or someplace else.
Or like in Palm Beach.
877-785-6345.
877-785-6345.
I know that I don't want to start preaching again, but fat is definitely not worth that.
Fat Rich was telling me, by the way, he's doing okay.
I told you the other day, he had an angioplasty emergency in the hospital and bat this hospital.
He was telling me the other day about how they do that thing.
They stick the tube up through your groin and the artery through your groin.
Oh, God.
And then when they finished the procedure and opened up your oia clogged artery,
which he had one artery that was almost completely closed off,
which now all of a sudden he can breathe and feels better, which I wonder why.
Then they pulled that thing out and they have to put a plug into the where they made the hole in your groin.
Exactly.
And they have to hold it in their 30 minutes so your blood can start coagulating and can start healing up again
so that because if they pull a plug out, all the blood starts spurtin out,
which your castellan can relate to, things spurtin out wildly in all directions.
So fat is definitely not worth that.
I know it's a lot more fun to talk about fish food and great restaurants.
I've been fighting this with myself with the audience for 24 goddamn years now.
But the fact is that American people are fat and dying from it.
And I think that this was my last hurrah this last to go around here with this viral infection
because I'm the honest.
I thought for sure if it wasn't the heart, it was the stomach, it was the stomach,
it was the rectum, you know, when you walk around a fat slob,
most of your adult life in bad health, no exercise, with a big pulpit.
And believe me, I got a small pulpit compared to most of you fat slob's out there.
Like so many of you people I see at the hockey games can barely even move,
can barely even waddle around there.
Fat is not worth that.
I mean, I realized, you know, it's a capitalist country.
We got to make a lot of money for all the food people, all the restaurants,
all the food products, all these supermarkets.
But enough is enough already. Stop with the fat.
Enough with the fat. Please, I'm begging you stop with the fat.
In fact, I hear that Brook Daniels, it's not a hunchback thing.
I hear she's going in for a suction job.
Here's a mobile in dear field. Hello.
Hey, Neil, how's it going?
Okay.
Hey, you know what? I totally forgot what I was going to say.
Oh.
No, one thing that I was going to say before I lost what I was going to say was,
I think that another country should step in and say, look, what's right is right.
However, they probably have too many other things going on.
They know what's right.
They don't have time to mess with us.
Yeah.
What do you just say? What do you say?
Another country should step in.
Yeah. Oh, okay.
Oh, man.
Woo! Is this difficult today?
Uh-huh. It must be a tough exercise for this audience today.
I'm sorry. I apologize.
See, this happens every time I get a little bit of energy,
which luckily doesn't happen very often.
But now I do.
And every time I get like a head of them, it's like,
oh, gee, we can't keep up with you, pal.
We're in South Florida. We're a little bit on the slow side.
It's a little kind of dull down here.
Just look at that crowd we had last night.
Oh, I'm serious. That was the most...
I'm not talking about our regular folks who they're all the time.
There were a few of us.
But I mean, that was the most bizarre gathering.
I've ever had the disparage of sitting amongst
even those old dolphin kids.
All the...
...wunks.
Hey, you spilled my beer, God damn it.
I gotta beat the cramp.
What did you say?
This looks like a chronic handwriting.
Doesn't it form one of the chronic practices?
Which I can't read it anyway.
Oh, he wants...
Oh, yeah, it's fact...
...faxing...
...specting the other list for the ticket.
No, no, thank you.
dolphins, hurricanes, plus Sunday and Monday night football.
Your football superstition is sports radio 560 Q-A-L.
One million times for Neil Rogers, he's in the hiz-eye.
One, two, uh...
...three.
I made it through college and average to see.
I have a lot of money, but not much of a brain.
Like most of you voters who were just this lame.
But I can say one thing that you came.
My daddy is the next president, damn.
I got money, power, and nothing to lose.
I can do everything I choose.
A little bit of cash is all I need.
It's out of fire, my e-go, and my brain.
Longing for a few days.
The manipulative marketing is all I use.
I garner votes for more rhymes.
Just like you.
That's the fact that school and they pay for it.
I don't think I laughed that bad.
Remember to vote for George Bush and those of you who don't.
You can kiss my touch.
You see what matters to me about the presidency.
Does that make an ice conversation please?
I'm the king of denial too.
I have no problem lying to you.
So why is it so important for you to know whether or not I did blow.
A little bit of cocaine up my nose.
A little bit of tooth.
A little blow.
When I'm elected out, I'll put it in the wall back.
When I put up the cocaine, the streets didn't come.
Oh, dry.
It's 11.45 at 5.60 W. Kim.
Hank will be out of flag.
No one plugs in his brains out.
We got her a cool hotline at 7 o'clock.
And for the life of me, I can't figure out why.
Except that they sold the bill of goods to somebody.
We got the baseball with blue.
We got chulas.
Why is it got to be doing something anyway?
The book's here.
Which is better than talking about.
And you know what?
And then we got to have Kaplan after that.
Okay, where we going?
Take your names to 1230.
We're taking prisoners and taking names.
And then we'll have the drawing and then we'll talk about important stuff.
Like how come you didn't win?
Here's Sunrise.
Hello.
Yes, Neil.
Yes sir.
First time calling here.
I'm a college student.
I live in Sunrise and I love going to the hockey game.
But the thing that I noticed noticing about the fans there is nobody will show up now.
But you watch come playoff time, all those front running phonies.
You know the people like myself.
We ought to make a rule right now that those people can't get playoff tickets.
All those front running phonies.
We ought to find somebody to barricade them out.
And every year I try to get tickets to the playoffs when they come.
And all the front running phonies are the corporations.
Whoever buys the ball of seats and all the people who love going.
And actually know a little bit about hockey.
Yeah.
Just shut out.
And it's like what they do at the World Series when the average fan can't even buy a ticket
because all the seats are given away to the corporate assholes.
Exactly.
Just the same thing with the Super Bowl.
Right.
One more thing.
Can I get on the list, Neil?
Yes sir.
Thank you.
Hang on pal.
And watch out for those redneck drums at the Macarena.
Yeah, we read we sunk to a new low.
And what I don't understand is this.
It's supposed to be the season now, right?
The snowboards are back and whatever.
I don't get it.
It's the season.
So you would think that place would have been jam packed.
You thought they were packing it last night.
But no way, Jose.
Very all the tragic, you know, kind of like a half ass stud.
I just don't understand.
And then to hear the conversation when they are actually attempting to talk about something that's going on out there.
They don't know God damn Pavo Buri from a pop law in his dog.
They haven't got any clue what's going on out there.
Hey, it was that big sparse right there.
Look at him keep falling down.
He's pretty funny.
You're right.
Nice dumb penalties again there, Peter.
Here's a mobile in point and B.
Chilla.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing now?
Okay.
Question.
How do I get in this list?
I think I have to do to get to this ticket.
Probably you'll like find some material.
Go out and get a search party, sir.
Find some material called back with something to say.
And then at the end of that, the conclusion of saying something interesting, illuminating, amusing, worthwhile being on a radio.
At that point you'd say, would you please put me on list and say sure or just.
And then you'd be on the list.
But in your case the answer is no.
Yokeiro, Abla, no.
Abla, is that how it goes?
Yokeiro, Abla, no.
Something like that.
What did he say?
Yokeiro Taco Bell.
That's exactly.
If you listen to that tape backwards, if you backmasked, he says Yokeiro Taco Bell.
I thought he was asking for an airplane since he got everything open.
And by the way, after that's where Channel 10 got the clip of his first recorded fart on our control.
Well, was after the Taco Bell.
After too many interredos.
Woo!
Seeing Cuba, they've got no Taco Bell because that's not Cuban food.
Is it Cuban food?
No.
No, there's no horse meat in it.
Here's a mobile and four-lotterdale.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing today?
Okay.
I just want to make this short and sweet.
I would love to get on the list for tickets to the game in Jacksonville.
No.
5-6-7, but my answer was short and sweet too.
Wasn't it right to the point?
No.
Yeah, it sounded just like that.
I think it was no.
Yeah, something like that.
No, you don't have anything.
I'm not feeling that, sir.
That's not a radio show.
Now, I did, I did, came in today because this is something special.
And we got to, we could be something special.
We got a shot.
And there are a lot of people out there who would love to go to the game I have for the life of me.
No idea why anybody would want to go to Jacksonville for anything quite frankly.
But nevertheless, I'll assume we're these delusional people who actually think that Miami's got a shot in that game.
They got a shot.
Yeah.
And you know something?
Maybe they will win.
Maybe Jacksonville will play like that against a couple of the girls teams there.
Because they're not so great to begin with.
But again, everything is relative.
They're not so great.
But when you look at this team at this bunch of, and at great running game, you know, yeah.
And at defense that really knows how to gag and choke just at the right time.
Okay.
When the tough gets going, the dolphin defense vanishes.
When the going gets tough.
How is that, how does that go?
So anyway, here's the coolant again.
Yeah, how come we don't play this in the games?
Look after the goal.
You celebrate, right?
The crowd is going to be a million times better than that goddamn cramp.
Oh, Jesus Christ.
If I have to hear that crap one more time, what's that under by the way?
Rock and roll apart 8,000.
As Mark VanderMeer would say, it's under, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Let's have a little context here.
Wow.
Oh, my God.
Here we go.
Come on.
Make some noise, baby.
Make some noise for the boys.
Okay, here we go.
I just louder than yours is.
Okay, I'm chill.
Oh, little sneaky there on the end, huh?
On the old back.
10 till noon at 5.50 WQM where we're having a great Thursday, whatever hell day it is.
I haven't got any idea.
Of course, Monday Georgia will be back.
He's not sick tomorrow.
We're already playing these things ahead of time.
I can't imagine feeling better.
I'll be here today tomorrow, most of the day.
And then of course, who knows what will happen when I leave.
But and George will not.
And then Monday, of course, is Martin Luther Coon Day, which I take off.
I hope every year instead of you, I'm Kipper.
Because taking off you, I'm Kipper.
And like one of those people who were the schmatton, my head would be totally hypocritical.
I don't take off for silly religious holidays.
Do I?
No.
No.
But for Martin Luther Coon Day, I do take off because there's somebody we can respect.
There's somebody who should have a day.
Was Martin Luther Coon, who is a great man with some big balls.
Which evidently got a lot of exercise, but that's his business.
And evidently, was Jay of your hoover.
Well, Jay of your hoover, why don't you know about people's balls and where they were going on what they were doing.
Kind of like Joe Castella.
He didn't want to know.
Yeah.
He's a real balls on guide at Joe Castella.
That's what I've always heard.
But that's another story for him to tell on a great motorsport Saturday show.
Don't probably be telling you about that.
In fact, he'll probably cut real close with Jeff Gordon.
If Jeff hears about that from what I'm hearing.
And of course, Jeff Gordon is one of those religious nuts, you know, who goes on it.
And we got the archbishop of Miami with those awful spots on there.
This is the year to come back to the law.
Yeah, we want your money is really what he's trying to say.
Yeah, that's exactly what that's all about.
And then we got the Reggie White, you know, Mr. Homoful.
Mr. I never met a fact that I wanted to get a shower with unless they looked really good.
And Jeff Gordon and all these other religious assholes on there preaching to everybody.
Stop preaching already. Will you please?
No.
No.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello.
Hey, how you doing?
Pretty good, sir.
Glad you made the, you're back in the world.
Everything is out okay.
It came flying out.
Listen, have you heard of the new controversy that started up yesterday, I guess, with Commissioner Regolato?
No.
Yeah, he, uh, I know about him.
He's an asshole.
Yeah, is he ever?
And he's gone, he's going to go up against Captain Rodriguez because he said that Captain Rodriguez and his people used too much excessive force at the protest on 57 to have new flagler last week.
And he says, although we will have more demonstrations.
It's an excessive force.
You mean when they let the people take over the flagrestry?
Yeah, and then the force pushed it back and they knocked off about two cans of dear gas.
He said that was excessive force.
Yeah.
And then he's making threats to the police department.
Has anybody told them that he has no jurisdiction over the police?
He don't care.
Oh, he doesn't?
No.
Oh, they just make it up as they go along.
Oh.
That's the way they do it in the Banana Republic.
Anyway, they're going to go to head to head.
They said today at the Commission chambers and they're going to supposedly resolve the situation.
Only in the Banana Republic, baby.
Only in Miami.
Thanks for the good news.
5670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line year after year, century after century.
The same old tired burned out pieces of the drug.
Okay, Maurice Beret, Xavier Javier Suarez, depending on how he's pronouncing it this week.
Jocarroio Tomasarigalato, Ramones Rasao Sanchez, Jose Basuto, the same old tired retread with the same old tired song.
And you know something like everybody in this town says, whether they're Cubans, whether they're Anglos, whether they're whatever they are, whether they're white, black, green, purple, whether they're upside down, young or old, enough of this crap.
That pull on Michael Putney.
Nice going there, Mike.
Why won't you, Michael Putney's embarrassed to be working a channel 10 after the thing they did yesterday playing a little alien farting right there?
That was bad.
Oh, did you see what it's, if it smells like eggs, it means he wants to go back.
If it smells like beautiful lilacs, it means he wants to stay here.
Oh, it smells like lilacs to me.
It smells like roses to me.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Good morning, Neil. Good to have you back.
When is this?
Neil, one thing. I've got two comments for you.
Number one, how many other call you from Bobby Fields is a great guy that you're splitting NBA to diet and everybody's interesting about other subjects.
Number two, Neil.
What is there to say? He died. He had a car crash. He died. What is there to say about it?
Well, I mean, you know, I mean, everybody's interesting.
Other things like a protest and all these stupid things.
But anyway, Neil, number two is, I do cover a Spanish manifestation.
I do a little sports with a partner on mine.
And we went to the heat in the air day and get to be sold there.
Very jackass.
Oh, no, I know.
Now I know what they call a very jackass.
And there is fault in the jackass, in my own fact.
He's an asshole.
I couldn't believe this guy, Neil.
I mean, this guy must have been a nerd, ever since he was born or, or, or, or, I mean, we have some full stats.
And I'm like, man, there's some lady following us.
We turn around and show it off. He was in, you know, looking down, running close to the floor, you know.
And what a jackass man. I got such a jackass, you know.
It's not a pick when you man, but hey, you know, just send the truth.
Okay.
Can I build a list now?
Sure. Hold on. I was pretty weak, but hold on.
Did you, very jackass. You know how to do it. Hang on.
Yeah. See, he did the right thing. He ripped very nice.
Of course, that's not difficult.
Backed him.
He's got several as well. I hear.
Very jackass. There's a real mystery there. He's got the pictures, baby.
I bet you he's got copies of the same pictures that Rose Folger's got over there at the Clear Channel.
Uh-huh.
Because you notice all the wrong, like just like here, Sanduke, he was a piece of crap anyway,
but he takes the fall, but at OJ, this actually, that golf tournament.
And certain other people, I don't want to mention.
No name. Stick around for a long, long time.
People that were a lot more culpable than he was. Whatever that word means.
And same thing over there. People keep dropping like flies.
We had a little party in our pants when we heard that John Ford got fired.
Not that we hate him like poison, but in this case, we'll like an exception.
No talent means spirited, nerdy little twerp.
Have I made myself clear?
No.
Four minutes till noon at 560 WQM.
Another 30 minutes, another half hour will take some names.
Although we don't really have that many names on list to be honest.
You see what that's probably there is good.
Because the people look at their names on it, and they like it that way.
It increases their chances. Better than when the guy damn lottery out there to that.
And don't forget you'll be able to pick the tickets up tomorrow.
Don't come here today and then start whining.
Come tomorrow if you're the weiner because we don't got him yet today.
That'll give you plenty of time to get in your car and head for the Hershey Highway.
Go up there with all his Yahoo's up in Jacksonville.
We're probably their middle name is all like that.
But Neil Rogers shows sports radio 560 QA and...
Double QA and my heavy 40-border day.
Oh!
I've broken through a bedroom window.
All right.
FIVM keep getting my wig back.
But I did I knew who was gripping.
But that ain't no good.
If you play for the fish.
I guess my girlfriend for got her killed.
That is one of the things that one else is wild.
Her surname on the movie Negrosy.
And I found out when it changed me with a die.
Why didn't that bitch tell me it was too dark to see?
She'd be in bed with her boss at this.
If that's the case, I don't believe people will be so.
Double QA 560 WQM, your American station for the 90s god, Danette.
Whether you like it or not.
Do we live in America?
No.
We're close to the border anyway, Broward Glon.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Okay.
As always, great show.
Yes, it is.
Listen, I have an idea before all hell breaks down.
Break loose?
Break loose down there.
Break down.
I am.
It looks to me like the horn is seasonal.
It breaks in, yes.
Yes, the H's and the QBs are going to start a ward on there.
Yeah.
And before they do, I got an idea.
What the QBs ought to do is start a bake a cow.
We can call it the sperm national bag, the pre-cuba.
Okay, great.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Oh, boy.
Woo!
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
How you doing?
I have fire reports.
All right.
I'm Mining Gardens Drive and 15 dab.
There's about five of them out there.
Yeah.
I also like to get my name on the list for the Jaguar game.
What do you say, George?
I will put your name on the list list.
Listen, small.
Hang on, Phil.
Thank you.
Pretty weak.
You gave us a spot report.
But at least you try to help you people out there.
Is he trying to help you out there?
No.
No, he just trying to get his name on the list.
Maybe he made it up.
I don't care.
Put a model list.
He started like a great American to me.
And he spoke English with about a heavy Russian accent.
Oh, sorry, Pavel.
Pavel, whatever your name is.
If I was an Anacorn, I wouldn't have been doing it.
By the way, that's what they care about.
People like silly people like al-Strakken.
People like Joe Rose, my good friend, a little dog.
You know, how you do little ladies?
You do the ladies?
Oh, God.
Every time I see, I saw Joe in there this morning.
I went in there and held up one of my samples from my deposits
from my test yesterday.
Every time I look into them, I think of Jimmy and Danny.
Every time I see him.
here's a Delray B. Wait a minute, hope sound. Hello. Hey, good morning, Neil. Yes, sir.
I was listening to one of the sports shows last night and we're talking about the
Buried Brothers being on the All-Star team. On the, you're on the World All-Star team. Yeah. What, what
possibility could there be of them actually playing together or the Panthers?
But you never get in the truth. Never getting in on the Braigh or something. None.
Caldery's not going to do that. No. The best player that got. He's their superstar.
Why would they trade the Buried, another Buried to watch? They're not going to do that for in the,
and there's no way it could happen. No, man. I say there'd be a, uh, yeah. Okay.
But another great Panther fan there for you. Five six seven oh five sixty. Poff. Yeah. There will be some.
We got the best player in the world right now. Okay. And nobody's coming out to see if. Why don't,
don't you people hear you have a hearing problem? God.
They're not coming out to see this team now. The team is winning like crazy. They've got 75
trillion points. They're 25 million points ahead of the next closest Carolina losers girls team. Okay.
They're kicking ass. They win game after game. You know, when they play crappy because they're puking their guts out with a
flu like last night. They still win a game.
And these people they did. They still don't show up. I mean, they, they could have Pavel Buried, Frank
Mahalblitz, Johnny Bauer, Goddamn Gordy Howe, Bobby or Wayne Gratsky, Drake Burr house key.
And these people still wouldn't show up one day. No.
Because like I've told you for how many years and boy, I still I get on the ground. I pray.
I don't know who I'm praying to, but I pray to somebody that somehow survived doing those stupid hockey shows that
rumor talked me into. Even though I do appreciate the ride home yesterday.
They remember he's a good guy, but nevertheless those shows they stop. Yes, they did.
Do and I, and like I said, it's like doing a show about how to buy into the Eskimos. Is there anybody going to listen to that? No.
Like doing it like Mr. Ego used to do doing a show on here about baseball cards. How many people over the age of 10 are collecting baseball cards,
unless the right queue is about 10 probably the same people are in a fantasy craft fantasy life.
Exactly.
Otherwise see that lunches here. Thank God. Thank you so much, sir. We're just we're polishing over here from Atlantic City Sub's Scott.
You're good friend. I know my good friend Scott. What is wrong with you? I know you're off your feet a little bit today.
What? What do you say? Name was Brad? I'm sorry. You know something after a while when you start getting old and see now with all due apologies.
Everybody starts blending it together. Scott and Brad and the guys from Dunkin' Donuts and all those other, you know.
Oh, Atlantic City Sub's is at the top of the list. I'm just saying that because you're here of course. No, sure.
We say that all the time. Don't we say it all the time? All the time. Because we like a good free lunch and it is a good and it's free. Thank you.
And it's great. Where are we going? Here's Delray Beach. I'm sorry. We were supposed to be next. Hello. Hi, how are you?
Okay. I want to first wish you welcome you back from yesterday's day. Welcome you back from yesterday's day. It wasn't bad. It wasn't bad at all. It was nothing.
Oh, thank God. If that was the worst procedure, I'm never going to put into my life till I stick my ass in a box. Life is great.
I also wanted to say a town that has absolutely nothing to say you are the master. Yes, I am. I also heard a room of I think Georgia's dated but they might give you a chance to broadcast out of this world.
Yeah, from your reign as this little town with Asians and Cubans. Right. That possibility. Yeah, we're talking about it at least part of the year anyway. Oh, really? That'd be wonderful. Also, can I put my name on the list?
Sure. No problem. Hell, we're a good suck job. Hang on. I'm not a mature. And I seriously had to write technically.
I'm like the voice of experience. Okay, take put him on a list. Please. Because we got to get a few people on there. So we're at least to make it look a little contested and we get on the important stuff in 1230. Right? Thank you.
Eight minutes past. No, there's five 60 WQM.
Head cap with nose the scores starting at 10 of the last.
We got only on 4th radio 550.
QAM.
All right. I got a little song here for the best wife in the world.
There she goes.
There she goes again.
To New York. My friend.
My unsightfulness. Explain.
Person that run.
I'm.
There she goes.
So far away from me.
Don't go worrying about me.
Well, she can't paint the stage.
All of for a day.
I'm.
Hopefully.
Close personal friend.
I'm going to remind you about the super bowl super sub bowl special to feed 10 lineman or 15 cheerleaders for only 59.
Five whole subs party platter of your choice homemade beach bomb brownie tray a beach bum brownie tray a bum brownie.
Correct.
Two pounds of potato salad to punch the course law.
Two two leader bottles of coke order must be placed 72 hours before kickoff.
How they going to do that?
This is the super bowl.
Atlantic City sub column and other stuff is always great.
Although I do have a little to something within my nose is like that.
A little bit of my sub within my nose.
5 6 7 0 5 60.
How come I'm giving the numbers out when I'll line you love because I'm killing time that we don't have to have so many people on the list.
I'm trying to frustrate the ear colors.
Here's Opalaka.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I think a few hockey games are sharing that the people have been obnoxious and drunk.
Why don't they do like they do at the dolphin stadium cut liquor off at halftime?
Well, you're forgetting though at P.P. Park and all football teams is that they get there early in the morning and they start tailgating.
And by the time the game even started, everybody tanked out of their skull.
So what good is it to cut it off after the third quarter or whatever they do it?
Yeah, but after the after halftime they cut off the dolphin stadium and the people that were drinking are sleeping by the fourth quarter.
Yeah.
Maybe they'll start to tailgate parties the day before and then they'll be asleep.
They can just throw their asses in the seat and they can sleep through the game and not bother the crap out of the rest of us.
I know it's terrible.
And he'll be able to get on a list.
Sure, no problem pal.
No material, but put him on a list that'll make it look good.
Make it look kosher.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'm pissed off.
About.
I just turned you on this morning.
Yeah.
I heard about your procedure yesterday.
I had to go through that.
But I think it was called a flexible, sigmoidoscope.
Well, that's painful.
It wasn't flexible.
And it was your rectum.
I mean, I don't think you were under anesthesia.
Yes.
I didn't.
Don't remember any.
No, I haven't had that too.
It's called a spigmoanoscopy.
That's no fun.
I know them.
They pull a little K-Y there and they stick it in your rectum.
And they get to it and they keep twisting and pushing.
Just a little more and that's a probe up here.
And they're SNM guys, you know.
And they blow the air up there.
And the thing to do is when they blow the air in there,
like giving it back at you, you know, blow it right back at it.
The nurse, he finishes up.
No problem.
Just like you're everything's fine.
She says you better go in the bathroom and sit for a while,
because the air has to come out.
It does.
And I said, all right.
So I sat in there for 15, 20 minutes.
Nothing's happened.
Nothing happened.
I figured what the hell?
I guess everything's done.
You know, several things came out.
I put my clothes on.
I leave the office.
I go to fit in my car.
The late reaction, huh?
Five minutes into my ride home.
All hell broke loose.
All over the place.
You can't control it.
I felt like a 90-year-old, you know.
Yeah, but with a spigmoanoscopy,
all you do is a little burry a minimum of the night before, right?
No, they had me drink that magnesium citrate stuff,
which you write.
It doesn't taste all that bad.
So I don't understand.
So if you were totally clean out,
how do you have anything?
It wasn't.
I don't want to get too graph.
It wasn't brown.
It was just liquid.
It gave us all over the place.
So what's the problem with that?
Oh, God.
Let's tell somebody you spilled your avatars.
I thought about your story about on the way home from work.
Did you tell somebody you spilled your mineral oil?
I'm 20.
Tell me what you're taking to a zan.
What is that zanical?
What is that?
What is that?
What is that?
That's all.
I can take it on the list for me.
Hang on pal.
I'm ready to survive.
Thank you.
Okay, online they put him on a list.
Yeah, he survived at the military.
He had a loose discharge.
But other than that, everything was okay.
Here's Volka.
Hello.
That's Neel.
Yes, sir.
Hey, glad everything's out alright in the end yesterday.
It came out beautiful.
No pun intended of course.
It was up to you.
Yeah, and touching on that subject with the panthers,
I think a social event is putting it lightly.
From time to time I've been told that I was going to be a
good guy.
I've been lucky to go to the sky box and I enjoy the games.
And you sit there and these guys they just drink and
shmooze and like you think they come up with a shot.
Exactly.
I think it's just a bar behind me.
These guys behind me, if you guys want to have a goddamn
a breakfast, go out there in the y'all hallway.
They got lots of food, they got booze, they got whatever you want.
Sit out there at a table.
They ought to set up picnic tables out there and get those people out of the arena
while the game is going on.
Exactly.
And then they bring their kids up there too and it's just unbelievable.
Yeah.
I don't think it's an event for children.
I mean, unless they're at least over the age of six.
Yeah.
Who knows?
At least over 13, right?
Exactly.
And I got a friend who had that procedure done and it's not really a big deal.
Nobody killed at all.
Only 20 people would come.
And these people calling me on Tuesday.
Oh, that stuff pays so bad and you'll be gagging and then,
oh, that's so big solid of dance with a colonoscopy.
It's nothing.
They may have an accident.
They may have an accident.
Who knows when that will happen?
They may have such great anesthetics now.
They put you out.
The last thing you remember is talking to the guy that's going to stick the needle in your arm.
And that's it.
You're out.
You wake up and it's all over with.
Exactly.
No big deal, huh?
No, no.
It's not going to be on that list, by the way.
No problem, pal.
I appreciate it.
Okay.
And watch your backside.
All right.
Okay.
Hang on.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pound 5, 60.
We'll do the drawing in 11 minutes.
We'll get this pin in the ass thing over.
If you join us in the stream, we're given away a pair of tickets to the Jacksonville Dolphin game on Saturday.
In Jacksonville, you've got to get there.
Are we giving away a plane trip?
No.
No.
Boss trip?
No.
Huh?
Bicycle?
No.
No.
You've got to get there on your own.
Okay.
And a good luck to you.
If you don't have a good time, too bad, we're just giving the tickets away.
Criticism of our very close personal friends.
What was their name?
First two tickets to our travel.
800, 229, 86, 99.
Our close personal buddies, whatever their name is.
See, you can't keep track.
When you get to a certain age, you need to start with all these different people.
It's like people come up to me that I saw like 20 years.
Oh, you remember me?
Oh, yeah, sure.
Like it was yesterday.
Just like that procedure, you used to have had a procedure on the bottom side,
upside stomach.
Do I remember that?
No.
So what do you want from me?
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Neil, how are you doing?
Pretty good, sir.
Look at here being a redneck, livid, and high-lea.
I was wondering if I could get a shot to get on that list to go to the home country.
No.
56670560.
You have to...
Some material.
You had...
Did this guy have any material?
No.
Nothing.
Sorry, pal.
I think maybe he deserves to be living in high-lea.
They'll get him.
They'll find him.
They'll sneak off to those cock bites one Friday night, and they'll find his ass.
Here's Davy.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
How are you?
Okay, sir.
Listen, worst in the children has to be those corporate guys.
I had three corporate guys saying for me, would their cell phones job ring on it?
Oh, the cell phone people.
I wish they would do that.
You see a guy and I got sporting event with a cell phone, and you know him easily.
He's an asshole.
And a question about it.
I didn't get worse, Neil.
Halfway...
I can't take the guy talking anymore.
He turns to me and goes, I thought Gretzky was in this game.
Yeah.
I'd say, yeah, Gretzky's with the Rangers in his retirement.
Yeah, Tom Sloimi, Gretzky's in the game.
And another thing.
I know you weren't a big divorce fan, but now they really choked at Brian Murray, trading the
Vorek for Vernon, who's slow as molasses.
What have you got to say now?
Sir, what do you get out of here?
Get away from me, okay?
Another no-nothing.
Mike Vernon has played four games.
He's the first game he was rusty, but the fact is that in all four of the games, the defense
didn't show up.
Last night, he played great.
Here's a guy that's knocking Mike Vernon, who played sensational, who's got playoff
experience, maybe not good experience, but nevertheless, looked pretty good to me last
night.
Nice going there, Mike.
Oh, fart.
See, like I said, these people in here, do they know anything?
Do they have a clue?
No.
Radict of Vorek, who used to skate a while ago, fast, really fast.
Did he do anything?
No.
He skated fast.
If we wanted finger skaters, we'd bring us a teak-a-dunback, okay?
We don't need that.
If we want comic relief on the ice, we've got pick number eight there, okay?
God, some of you folks, it just, somebody needs to draw you a diaphragm, man.
Name with an A.
Talk about greasy goals.
How do you like that?
He should have gotten a sister on the Svela goal there and tied the game up in one piece.
He should have gotten a sister.
Kevin Week's desperate, unbelievably bad.
But this guy really knows his crap.
Yeah.
Here's a mobile in sunrise.
Hello?
Hello, Neil?
Yes, sir.
Yeah, my cousin and I want to know where you get this.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
Pound 560 on the AT&T while it's fine.
By the way, tell your cousin to put it back in his pants, okay?
People are laughing all over the town when you're through with it.
Here's a mirror, Marr.
Hello?
Neil.
Yes, sir.
What's up, buddy?
How are you doing?
Okay.
I sure am glad you got out of that colonoscopy.
All right, yesterday.
I kept on adding flashbacks to your gallbladder procedure.
Oh, yeah.
Well, that's an operation.
This is an operation.
This is a procedure.
I felt for you for that gallbladder thing, man.
Yeah, that was bad.
Oh, it's a piece of cake.
Yeah, right.
I know.
Neil Cuban American here and I am so embarrassed by this militant attitude that these Cubans
are putting out here.
It really makes me feel bad, man.
I'm really...
I'm in the early 60s and I like to call her out on the carpet.
You know, when she's telling me, well, we have this right.
We have the right to assembly.
We have the right to block the road.
We have the right to do whatever we want.
Where do they have a right to block the road?
Well, because this is justice, you see?
We have the right to do whatever we want.
Then, of course, I turn the tables on her and go, oh, but those van vans don't have the
same rights to perform, right?
They don't have the right to do that.
They're not only for those we decide.
They're not only for those people who we want to have liberty.
Right.
You know, it's unbelievable.
But it is an embarrassment.
The flip side, of course, is that, you know, this brings out usually all the racist people
who don't like Cubans to begin with.
Right.
Here's a minute excuse.
That's right.
And it brings the day, county, Broward County thing up again, how you need a passport.
I would want to mention, by the way, that I live in Broward.
I wouldn't want to mention that.
I'd like to live in day, but I'm holding onto my passport real tight into my hands.
I'd squeeze it real tight.
In case I have to flee.
Uh-huh.
Well, I'm glad you're doing well, sir, and I'd love to get on the list.
You got it, pal.
Love you, brother.
Hang on.
And by the way, what did he say last night?
I'm not.
Hang on.
Yeah, what did Ellie on?
Well, what flavor was it?
Okay, Ellie on Cub one.
Lose Channel 10 has got it on tape.
Don't forget, 5 o'clock news this afternoon, Dwight Lottardale and Diane Magden.
We're going to be dissecting the aroma.
They're going to put it through an aroma analyzer and find out what he really meant.
I mean, this is the ultimate part cover of Time Frickin Magazine this week, this little
kid.
And then, uh, the all day yesterday, Channel 10, hockin' away with his crap about,
always the plane to plane at Superman and whatever the hell he was talking about.
Joaquiano Taco Bell.
I'm envious to you, people at Channel 10.
And I'm especially envious for people like Don, though, and Michael Putney, who are
real TV people, as opposed to the losers over there, who belong there.
All the people with the silly here, like Diane.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Yeah, hello?
Yes, sir.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Great.
Okay, listen, I'm calling about your colonoscopy thing.
You had going on.
And I was going to tell you my wife and her mother and lawn sisters all had to go through
that.
And I just think it was no big deal.
So I'm 37 about six months ago.
I had to go in for some tests where you had to drink all this, like chalky liquid.
We're very, yeah.
Yeah.
And then they put you and you got to turn this way and swallow it and drink it.
And I think that was worse than what I was feeling sick about.
Make a long story short.
I think it's just a way for them to get money from you.
Not on a real deal.
Don't you realize the peace of mind about men at your age maybe?
But when you get to be an old fart like me, after 40, especially, you're supposed to
have colonoscopy every couple of years anyway.
If you just, I was feeling like I had it, like you had to burp all the time and then you
go in.
And after he gave me the medicine, I mean, the stuff you drink, I think that cured me.
I don't think the checking it out.
I think that's definitely drink.
I think maybe part of it's psychological scare the crap out of you.
So then maybe it stops you.
You don't have to go back and repeat it again.
That may have happened to me too.
At any rate, sir.
Can I get under the list?
Yeah, hang on, pal.
I think you are our last one.
Thank you.
Hang on.
Which means that the phone is going to like empty out real, real fast now.
Here's our last guy on the list, by the way, whoever that guy was, I think.
Or maybe not, maybe one more.
Here's a lady in plantation.
Hello.
Hi.
Yes, ma'am.
Hi, Jennifer.
Hi, Jennifer.
I'm just calling about who do you think, for your opinion, who do you think is going
to go this year?
For Dan Marina or Jimmy Gump?
5.670560, pound 5.60.
Boy, for a second, there was having flashbacks.
I was thinking we were on last week and then we were doing that the same crap again, you
know?
For just a brief moment, I thought I heard Jimmy and Danny.
But I know it must have been just kind of like a brain drive far or something like that
because there's no way that anybody with an IQ larger than their little thumbnail would
have said that on a radio.
Oh my God.
Okay.
We got enough names on the list and after the break, we'll do the drawing.
Somebody will win a pair of tickets and go up to Jacksonville and by the way, we're not
responsible.
At least I'm not.
I do a complete disclaimer.
If you don't like it up there, it's too bad.
Okay.
I got nothing to do with that.
I've never been in Jacksonville.
I've driven through there.
I have flown over there.
I've been around there.
But have I ever actually gone to the city?
No.
I want to go there.
No.
And of course, one of the reasons I don't want to go there is Steve Nichol might still be
there.
That's good enough for me.
I wonder how she was doing, by the way.
How's that baby doing?
And who's the Danny?
The sports leader sports radio 560 Q.A.M.
WQ.
And go f***** is hell.
All right.
I need you.
Me.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
It's his name.
It says it won't stay.
No.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Okay.
I'm going to sit there again.
Thanks, Steve.
Come here.
Yeah.
Yeah.
God is not a surgeon who matters.
to get their way with the hell of sand to sand the sand in the husky gun.
We want it off the gold wave today.
And we tied up any home, and we tied up traffic jam.
And we tied up the voluminous crap, we just want to live on life.
And we tied up Billy on, and we tied up Bruce's.
We should send him mad, and we tied up any home, and we tied up traffic jam.
And we tied up the voluminous crap, we just want to live on life.
And we tied up Billy on, and we tied up Bruce's.
Yeah, we're Ellie on to that.
Because everybody's sick and tired of this, and they just stuff that doesn't grow out by it.
And they have been saturated with it, and they puking from it.
In fact, when I had that, when I drank that stuff, I noticed that I had, coming out of my, uh, exactly, Ellie on.
And up already, okay, let's get out with the important things in life.
Like doing the drawing here and finding out who's going to Jacksonville.
By the way, is anybody really believe that we're giving these tickets or what?
No.
Oh, it's just a joke.
Yeah, these people, I killed two and a half hours here.
I was going to, oh, we're not giving them a, oh, yeah, we are.
Okay.
We're giving the tickets away because our good close friends, what's their name again?
I got to hear somewhere.
Best friends in the world.
First choice tickets, tourism travel, call 800 to 2986.99.
They're providing the tickets.
And let's see, I'm going to pick a number out of the hat.
How many do we have? 14, 15?
Something like, because I see number 14 in there, but I'm going to mix them up.
I don't want to look in here, because I remember who 14 was.
That bitch didn't get on by the way.
Now, just give the first thing.
Don't give the full name and the address.
The social security number out here is coming down to that.
Number five, pick up.
Pick up, smile.
Pick away.
Raul.
Oh, Raul.
Raul?
Raul.
Sounds like a commie, picko to me.
I don't want to say fag, huh?
Raul.
Oh, my God.
Who the hell would have been Raul?
Early on.
I understand it.
Number five was early on.
I just didn't take a rocket science as difficult as that.
But, well, whoever.
I don't want to know.
Don't give away too much information.
We'll have 82 Raul showing up here at the station tomorrow.
They'll be eating Raul.
Okay, that takes care of it.
Now we can do a real talk show and stop talking to a bunch of people who are just
demeaning themselves and degrading and begging for some free crap.
Which you'll probably scalp them anyway.
Won't you Raul?
Yeah.
Good thinking.
Here's a call from Saratoga, New York.
Hello.
Now.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Great.
First time caller, four month listener.
All right.
I just drove through Jacksonville Monday.
I was down Florida for four months.
I had a meeting with my fast.
I had a leave, you know why?
I couldn't find a pulse.
Mm-hmm.
Nobody cares.
By the way, you know that the city has a song.
They have a Jacksonville City song.
Yeah, that's it.
Oh.
I noticed all those people up in the trees playing the band here.
They're having a good time.
I just want to let everybody know that we got six inches of snow already and it's still snowing.
All right.
Yeah, really?
Well, people.
I'm a lot of people here where they had six inches.
And I'm one of them all here until you get that.
Hey, being from Canada, you've been to Saratoga, Ray Stragg, haven't you?
No, I have not.
No.
I've been to Vernon Downs, I think, as it's closest to ever been to Saratoga.
I've never been there.
You didn't even go to Fingerwikes?
Oh, I mean, of course I was there the day it opened, but that's not over there.
That's in Canada, where it's in the new Barker.
Well, whatever you're saying.
Listen.
Rudy Rinkon.
Again for the rich.
And how about raw from Rotten, huh?
Yeah, right.
You race calls with the marbles or whatever he's gotten this poised.
This written his mouth.
Well, I just want to let everybody know.
He's coming up here for the Saratoga meat, the race and season next year,
that they're going to put in for the rich again luxury boxes.
Great.
There you go.
And the common average fan like you and I, we get.
You know what we get.
Yeah, sluppers like speak for yourself, pal.
All right.
I'm doing okay.
Have a great time.
You do.
Okay, when a doubt shovel it out.
Yep.
Okay, take a bite.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
It's no one like a witch's something up there in Saratoga.
Do we care about that?
Sure we do.
We feel for those people.
It's one of those times in the year when we're glad we're here.
We're not usually too glad to be here, but one of those few times,
a couple of weeks.
22 before one at 5, 60 WQM.
Let's talk more operations.
I love that.
Let's start scaring the crap out of people like you do so well.
All you alarmists out there.
Oh, gee, that stuff tastes so bad.
You're going to be gagging and puke.
I got news for you.
We've had food brought in here some days that tasted worse than that crap that I drank
to make my brains out.
There was nothing wrong with that.
You mix it with some gatorade.
Although I don't like gatorade.
Do I like gatorade?
No.
Hate gatorade.
But they say you drink the gatorade because when you're emptying your whole system, I like that.
Gatorade has got the electrolytes and the vitamins and the potassium and this and that, which I think
is a bunch of propaganda.
Because you know those doctors, they'll tell you anything that they get paid to today.
In fact, I saw the gatorade sample guy was just on the way out of the office when I left
that day.
Now, a good old doctor, Ken there.
Got a doctor.
I got a doctor, Ken and Dr. Dick and a subdoctor Gary there.
A little Gary Jr. who's kind of like a plays doctor.
He pretends.
He's got a medical license.
Not a medical license.
He got in the cracker jack box to play.
But he's a good guy.
Someday he'll actually be for real.
Wake up with the first key.
Joe Rowe.
Jeff DeFarris.
The key goal thief.
Weep deem warnings at six.
Only on court radio 560 Q.A.M.
I want to thank you in the butt, honey.
I really, really want to go.
A pile of jazz born moniker.
A hot smoke marrow of moniker.
And shot a load on moniker.
Moniker is a woman who was an intern in the White House.
Instead of taking memos, she took off her white blouse.
I guess you could say I'm the talk of the nation.
Not a real good time for a family vacation.
Let me just say thanks for my high approval writing.
It's good to know Americans.
Don't mind it's a marital dating.
I really, really want to go.
A pile of jazz born moniker.
I drank gin and toniker.
And then set a bon moniker.
Hillary is angry.
I really thought I lost her.
But I said if she'd stay with me, I'd shoot up a bout this foster.
As for daughter Chelsea, I know why she's mad.
She's a college sophomore but gets fewer days than that.
You know I could escape it and escape this big Ole Miss.
Monica, be more careful about that residue on her dress.
I really, really want to go.
A pile of jazz born moniker.
She blew my heart moniker and I blew my nut on moniker.
A pile of jazz born moniker.
She blew my heart moniker and I blew my nut on moniker.
Bored, bored, bored, bored.
Oh, 1244-56WQM-567.
Look at that.
We got an open line now.
How do you like that?
Oh my god.
Yeah.
Wonder why.
How's her older one by the way?
You speak to Raoul?
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, let him wait.
Let him cool.
She made a little change her mind.
I tried calling it and ring, ring, ring.
Not even an answering machine.
What does that mean?
We'll get a hold of it.
And if not, then we'll do it again tomorrow.
Here's Bokeh.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Oh, good to know.
Yes, I am.
Oh, hey, it was great to wait for you.
I don't care if I got the tickets or not.
But I do have a question for you about the radio station
being that you're pretty well informed about what goes on.
Even though you don't like what goes on.
I know my craft.
I know about this place.
I know what the problem I hand.
We all have our little passions and stuff like that.
What we like to bet on, so on and so forth.
My question to you is, being that the playoffs are pretty important
as far as NFL and I don't want to try and make this a sports talk.
Good because the video show I'm the artist.
I waited a long time to talk.
Not a sports show or a gambling show.
We got enough of those on the phone.
No, no, no.
But my question to you is, during a playoff season,
whether what sport it is, why would a radio station not put on the full playoffs
like, say, on a Saturday or Sunday, in case somebody like a small little businessman
like me has a polyam, and they have an eight hour pre-dolphin game show
for a game that's not going to be on until four o'clock.
Because they're selling, don't you understand?
They got 50 billion spots in that dolphin pregame.
Yeah, but guys.
They don't care about the dolphins.
They don't care about the selling the spots.
You got to understand that.
Wouldn't make a difference though to know that all the games game play?
No, they can't sell those other games.
Who in this market care is going to buy those games?
It was like funny.
Last week I was listening to the radio station.
But I just explained it to you.
No, no.
Call a gambling show, please.
I'm begging you, OK?
You're killing me.
You're killing me.
I gave them the answer.
We don't care.
We just want the money.
Give us the F and money, OK?
That's all.
Give us the money.
Don't be serious.
Just so I would deed at the same thing, they had 400 hours of pregame and postgame and in between
and analization, et cetera.
That's what it's all about.
That's why you paid them $70,000 for the broadcast rights.
Not because you get any big ratings anymore.
There are no big ratings anymore.
They got the games on F and the games are all on a free TV.
What's the big stick and deal?
And by the way, for anybody else on this station that doesn't understand, the dolphins forced them to put it on AFM and AM.
That was the deal.
For them to get to the rights that the dolphins is that whoever got them had to put it on both AM and FM and AM.
Pathetic.
But that was the deal.
Was it a bad deal?
Just keep it in mind.
Who made the deal?
Yeah.
Gregory.
Yeah, he just did the CAT scan.
Brain scan.
Did they find anything?
No.
Nothing.
Absolutely empty.
Oh, yeah.
I'll go get George Corso.
25 years from now, somebody will be sitting in his chair and if Gregory is there with his god, they have a white hair instead of his black hair.
He'll be a...
Oh, I'll go get George Corso and George Corso will be limping down a hall with a goddamn cane with his roll of Scotts, taping the pages glue.
5670560, pound 560.
I'm the AT&T wireless light.
Here's four Latterdale.
Hello.
Can you?
Yes, sir.
I just wanted to say that I'm glad that your medical procedure went okay.
Thank you.
One great.
And I don't know very much of it.
Not just yesterday, but the stress test.
So, my heart is as strong as a horse's ass.
I don't have very much material.
I certainly didn't want those tickets.
I can tell you that.
Yeah, I'm glad that's...
This is Hallelujah.
I am a big hockey fan and I wanted to thank you for the fact that I was debating whether to buy a dish for quite a long time now.
And after hearing you as I do every day, I finally did get a dish and I'm very proud to say that I do get to watch the Maple Leafs in the Panthers now,
which are my two favorite teams.
But that's really about it.
I wanted to thank you and I hope I hear you from Amsterdam quite soon.
Okay, go leave school.
I'm going to be on from Amsterdam.
Holy read, then.
5607.0560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless light.
Well, you know, if they can have you on from Amsterdam, where are we going to return you?
I need you to stay on the next 50 years, right?
No.
No.
50 days, maybe.
50 minutes, maybe.
Hour and 11 minutes, probably.
Just don't get so carried away, okay?
Like this is a picnic.
Oh, I will say this after the first of the year.
After I put them on probation for three weeks and took no calls, I will say this.
We've certainly had a voluminous amount of phone calls here most of the time.
Have we not?
Yes, we have.
And especially when we're given some free crap away.
Which are we're given a more free crap away this than not any time soon?
The answer is no.
Unless, of course, there's some other stupid dolphin game.
Because then we get to, you know, it's like probably these poor bastards.
I mean, these wonderful friends of ours are given these tickets away.
They probably spent like $50,000 cash for the honor of giving us the tickets to the boy.
So they can get these free mentions on here, something like that.
Like those people would add golf tournament, $110,000 in billing.
And by the way, what do we ever find out what happened to the other 1150 bucks that was supposed to go to center one?
No.
From that infamous OJ golf tournament?
No.
And this man still has got the hoods, but it come waltzing in here with a big smile on his post right at the beginning of the show as usual while in the middle of another technical disaster here and can't get the phone system on here for the first 20 minutes with a big smile on that push and that same stupid idiotic look.
Yeah.
There's one word for him.
Oblivious.
Oblivious.
Intensive.
Anything going on in his surroundings like a horsewood blinders on.
Only seeing that big sign in the sky.
Greg Reed is a radio icon.
Yeah.
I would say he's the anti-crazy radio myself.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Miami.
Hello, Neil.
Are you pretty good?
I got two fat jokes for you.
Okay, good.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Let's get some more tickets away.
Okay, what do you say?
Tragic.
Just Tragic, pal.
Do we do jokes on this show?
No.
No, it's not making fun of fat people.
You've cow.
Here's Boka.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Okay.
Can't hear you.
I got a question for you quick.
Number one is, I love you, show.
And I know that you got these song parodies that are on.
Are they just the show exclusives?
Yes.
Because I heard it on a different show.
You heard it on what?
I had Ellie on.
I heard it on Howard this morning.
Well, Howard, do we show from this market?
But yeah, yeah, yeah.
No, he does it.
No.
Oh, I only had a...
In addition to which this is, that thing was sent to us by some listener out there.
And he must have sent it to Howard.
Oh, good, because I couldn't stand hearing it on how I couldn't believe it.
Why?
Because he's playing your stuff.
I know.
He's not playing my stuff.
We don't own that.
Some guy sent that to us.
All right.
All right.
Quick.
God.
Because I'm not going to get bent out of shape this guy's upset.
Am I okay?
Okay.
Goddamn Howard, you sort of a bitch.
How dare you do that?
You feel better now, sir?
Good.
Man.
Who gives a crap?
All these radio yinters.
Well, you know, Randy Rose is on some little station with five watts.
I'd like to go out with a fanny pack that showed up down there.
At Nick's on Saturday with all his little radio gossip.
See, I hate to break the news to you guys.
The light bulb is gone.
And pretty soon, stupid talk will be gone because they got fractions.
And W's news is gone.
Rest in peace.
It's all gone.
Okay.
Joyce Kaufman said this.
And then Mr. Ego said that it's all gone at history, baby.
Okay.
I know it comes as a great shock to some of those radio yinters.
But nobody cares about it.
It's like the people I used to call up from a tap and talking about him.
About fat eyelids, Lassiter.
Nobody cares.
Only a bunch of silly radio groupies who sit around on the chat rooms of the internet.
Like the ones that we used to have before we got smart and you're going to change mid-candid.
God.
You talk about desparados.
People with less than people who owe points, not only do they have no life they owe points.
Here's more Myers.
Hello.
Hey, what's going on?
Yes, sir.
Thanks for taking my call.
Thanks for making your call.
You know, hey, no seriously.
Yes, I turn on the news this morning and Mayor Ping is right there.
Ping the pecania, yes.
Yeah, you know, running his app.
I just can't believe this is just such a really non-partisan for the leader of the mind.
What you think?
It's a really non-partisan issue, huh?
It is, yeah, right.
Yeah, just this is terrible.
Oh.
Anyway, I didn't go yesterday at your doctor.
We're very well, sir.
Everything came off fine.
I have a great day.
I thought the people would know material would one second of mine again,
let's do the tickets, but they're still calling.
Out of town line, if there's anybody listening anywhere in the world,
who actually has something to say besides motoring the same things
that we've already been talking about for almost three hours now,
we'd be delighted to hear from you.
It's a toll free call.
877-785-0.
877-785-6345.
I'm feeling great.
Everything came out great yesterday.
Is there anything bad in my stomach?
No.
In my ass.
No.
No.
No.
Everything's beautiful.
It was a piece of cake.
Anybody out there ever have to do an endoscopy, a coalscape?
Don't panic.
Don't listen.
I'm going to have to end the bullcrap people.
Tell you if you have to drink that free crap, no problem.
It should be the worst stuff you ever put in your mouth.
Believe me, I've had worse.
Oh, you know?
566-70560.
Ha.
0.560 on the 18th.
By the way, how's Malcolm doing?
I'm hearing a horn.
See, I keep telling you dark folks, we can get...
See, and the red next thing I get upset about this,
but if we had more inbreeding,
more between interracial breeding,
then a lot more people would be like the complexion of Malcolm
from the young in the horn.
Shawan, the Moore, as in the Moore, I see in the Moore, I want him.
And then we all get long.
There would be no problem at all.
Because I tell you one thing,
there is somebody right there, Malcolm.
There is...
Other than his...
Rectome.
I mean, even if he...
Or after I finished showering with him, I would even lick his armpits.
That's how good he looked.
I'm not serious.
Every part of his body, except of course, near the...
Rectome.
No, I'll leave that for the proctologist, okay?
I'm just a little bit worried about guys who make their living
spending a lot of time around your...
Rectome.
Oh, no, I don't...
I was asking Dr. Dick yesterday,
or Wednesday with my...
Whatever day it was, when I stressed out.
I was asking...
Two days, I guess it was.
I was asking him about what kind of people want to be proctologists.
And he said assholes.
Or I said that, I guess.
You know what they say?
Opposite to track well in this case.
Here's North Miami Beach.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Okay.
Neil, I have three sisters in Jacksonville.
Yeah.
And if we are able to get to Jacksonville to do the Jacksonville marathon...
I mean, I'm in your part?
I'm in Marathon, Tuna.
I want Marathon.
Yeah.
So I go to Jacksonville every year.
But you know my sister, I'm in...
Oh, I'm in...
My sister, I'm in Haiti.
Yeah.
You won't want those people out there in the street, right, will you?
No, I'm in Haiti.
Don't do that.
But Neil, what I'm trying to...
To get some tickets from you, maybe I can go see the game.
I'll...
I mean, I'll be back.
So what are you listening to this show?
I'm a big dolphin fan.
Are you listening to the show?
Oh, not really.
Okay.
5, 6, 7.
Somebody called this asshole.
This is a guy up this marathon runner.
And they say the call up that the Faggot on the radio is going to give you some tickets.
Gave him the ticket to way almost a half an hour ago.
So it's old news.
Okay.
Old, old, old, stale news.
Just like baby doc and pop-a-doc.
And Ramadan.
It's the same old tired crap hola.
See, that's another reason why you should never ever give anything away on the air.
Even with all due respect to the nephew when there is not a bad guy, but nevertheless.
No matter how many promos they promised our good-coast friends, whatever their name is.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Oh, there we go.
Line 7 is acted up again.
There is a good one for you.
Oh, yeah, that was seven.
Sorry about that.
You're coming back.
I wanted to line that works if any of them are.
Come back out of a three week sick bed, out of being a sicker and a dog.
And is the phone work the way it's supposed to?
No.
Get somebody to fix the phones, Greg.
How many days?
How many months?
How many years can you keep doing the same lie job over and over again?
They don't effing work.
If you got it, you understand it.
And if it's a bell-south problem, get a hold of the guy named Hanhantua at bell-south and squeeze his nut if he's got any.
And make him get the damn thing fixed.
That's the way it works in a real company, okay?
Not kind of a slack job, the sobbing in your push, whatever the hell goes on around here kind of attitude.
Get the thing done.
Period.
No questions asked.
Because it seems to me that a company that's trying to do what these people are doing, although I can't say what it is because it's the quiet period.
But nevertheless.
When at least I would try to put on a fake appearance of being like a real company, wouldn't I?
Uh-huh.
Which they're not.
Don't do it.
1257 at 5.60 QAM.
Hurricane.
Basketball.
We have to bring teens.
Driving some sick pocket balls.
The teens.
Travel to Washington to take on the Georgetown boy, you.
Saturday.
Join the new boys of the Hurricane Spartan leader for the action.
Hurricane's warm-up.
Start at 11.30.
This game will air on 7.90 am radio.
A service of sports radio 5.60 QAM.
Radio 5.60.
Navy.
Don't give a TV.
Who's my guy?
Who's my day?
It's the last of the three of us.
It's the movie you knew Tom Hanks would eventually make.
God did not put a gift like that in the pants of a man who he did not intend to use it.
Starring another slow-witted southerner, our president.
He told me not to go near it because it was so thick and never-right.
Oh, yeah.
Well, what's the day's he here?
Take my Hanky and wipe your chin off, would you?
Can't have any evidence.
Hit.
The Cream to Smile.
What's he?
That was almost really embarrassing.
Yeah, do you see any more anywhere else?
Oh, well, you see, you still miss some, damn it.
You have to clean that up, Garlo.
The Cream to Smile.
In CG theaters everywhere.
Sorry about that.
I started up a little bit early because I was sitting here daydreaming.
I was wondering, what would be like in my life to ever work like for a real broadcasting company?
Which is the same.
560-560.
On the AT&T line, that toll-free line, man, which we had a scream and beg and plead and threaten and go to court.
877-785-6345.
877-785-6345.
I still don't know it.
Really good number two.
Here's the Lady and Delray Beach.
Hey, Neil.
I'm not the first of all.
And you really took that operation like a man.
I love anal sex.
And it hurts.
Oh, too bad it didn't get on here.
567-0560-0505.
It's really tough to leave.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
But still didn't get on here.
How about that?
Yeah.
Oh, you know who she is?
That's the bits that they called before.
The one I was starting to tell me a little story.
That's exactly who that was.
Like Jimmy and Danny and Danny and Jimmy.
And of course, it figured that you would say that because she's a moron.
And I'm going to still on a twit.
And you didn't give her not.
Or you can't say twits on here.
Here's a mobile and West Palm Beach.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
First of all, I don't want any tickets.
Sir, why do you say that?
Why, man, why does that have to be afraid to do a call?
We're not giving away any tickets.
I don't want any tickets.
Well, good.
Okay, we won't give you any tickets.
Everybody does want any tickets.
Call up right now.
Okay.
Why would a stupid comment?
That's like the people.
Oh, thank you for taking my call.
If there was a, and people, you know, people call.
I see on CNBC when I have some amazing on there.
All over the place.
I'm just station year at all.
Thank you for taking my call.
These are talk shows.
And when we're taking phone calls,
that's what it's supposed to be all about.
Thank you for taking my call.
Like we're doing you a favor to take the call.
Again, just another way of sucking up.
That's exactly what that is.
The callers sucking up to ingratiate themselves
to try to get off on the right footing,
because there are a bunch of pussies.
Instead of just getting to the meat of the matter.
Other way they took it.
Well, why you have to print you and preface your comment with that?
Whatever comment it might have been,
which we're not going to hear.
Are we?
No.
No.
God.
Bozos.
And again, it's the same thing as thank you for taking my call.
It's like an ingratiation line.
Otherwise, you see, that makes him better than everybody else.
All you other people are called in that waiting on hold.
Actually, many of whom had something to say, by the way,
you're bad, he's good.
He don't want nothing.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hi Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you today?
Great.
Great.
Neil, I just want to talk to you about hockey if you have two seconds.
Yes.
I'm good.
I've been a saber fan since the days of Tim Morton and Phil Gollett.
Yeah, I'm sorry.
I don't know.
Well, I don't know if you agree with this.
But it just seems to me that hockey has become so good.
But what can both decide who's caught up?
What is your first step stylist?
Maybe he's going to have a vision of how you do sports.
Quickly go step in some positive results and things to take care of.
Well, most of our shots are heute not much.
Yeah, if Tom Marcello has become useful in his legend of hockey.
C'mon for full Wasserral, right?
Hey.
these calls something. You can smell it. Jesus, I thought that was the left over from
yesterday's procedure. I thought maybe I was seeping a little bit more back at you.
God. That's not a hockey call, sir. Hacking a Chinese about stuff from the past.
Any shack hasn't played since before Foster Hewitt was in Embryo, okay? Here's the guy
that's getting carried away with his hockey news. Who is the most colorful guy? We got plenty
of colorful guys, okay? I'll take Tai Dome over any shack any day of the week, okay?
You want to know why? Because he's still playing and for the right team.
Here's Miami. Hello. How you doing now? Okay. I said you're feeling better.
I'm feeling great. Okay. Good. I called the other day and spoke to George. I have a family member that works with the
INS and I was telling him that there was a smoke screen to come to people down and I think Janet
Raidon, if you had a chance to see her this morning on her conference. No, I did not. I think she had a news
conference at night. I never watched the likes before. Well, she was saying that the boy will be going
back to Cuba and it should be with his father. And I think he said that yesterday there was nothing new.
No, I understand that. But I think it should be pretty plain that the boy is going to go back
actually. One more question about Janet Raidon. Even in the herald today, and I'm sure
I must have panned them to print this, but even in the pandering herald that says,
ex-prolegal experts agree that Aalion has slim chance in court battle. Me having slim chance
to stay here. And now they're saying that the reason Aalion really left Cuba was because he didn't
like the way that his father raided him. And but he had to go back because he couldn't leave his
brothers behind. I don't know about that. And this is Janet Raidon's neck. I mean, I'm
no she. Yes, she has Parkinson's disease. Five, not as sick as that call, but she has Parkinson's.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60 pound, five, 60 on the AT&T work. Either that or if she's got
that earpiece, you ever see that? And they're playing mombo number five in the back while she's
doing the press conference. She's got rhythm, baby. Yes, she can't stop. She's got Parkinson's
event. Have a little rock monastery that bulldyke. Five, six, seven, oh five, 60 pound, five,
60 on the AT&T wireless line. The quality of I wouldn't give you a nickel since we gave the
tickets away from 12 to the last 40 minutes. I wouldn't give you a half a cent. I wouldn't
give you 22 cents for this last collection of call we had put here together. But it's your
killing some good time in it. Right. At least the phone. Most of the line's working now.
Some nice going Greg. Here it is. It's the new millennium. Supposedly. The new century
supposedly. It's a new year that we know. 2000 January the 13th. We'll start talking about
number 13 and we'll have to talk about Jimmy too. And they still haven't got this damn thing
straight now. You would you would think that we were asking them to fix the Y2K problem worldwide.
That's what you would think we were asking. Just it's a talk station Greg put in a phone
system that works. What a freaking concept man. Can you do it? No. Nice suit by the way.
What are they traded that out? Sports radio five, 60. Cute. Hey. Yeah. Get baby.
Hey. Who you looking at?
Yeah.
Yeah. Like it's not case. You can't look directly at him. You cannot look in his eyes.
If you do your job goes by by. He'd say when I come in a room you leave it.
You leave without turning around. It's no one done baby. Last that long.
Oh. All right. Okay. What can we say about him? He's an asshole that hasn't been said already.
And he go. I mean, how can a guy like that have an ego? You know, somebody that said dumb and that stupid.
We got a lot of money, but he's still a piece of crap. 114 at five, but he sure can't act. Can he? No.
And I'll tell you one thing. Here's a little known fact by the way about that slide building.
There almost nobody else knows in the world. If I can ever find it. He can't think for sure. That's right.
Okay. Where we going? Here's a mobile. I can't afford a thundered. Hello.
Hey, Neil. How are you doing? Yes, sir.
And by the way, I got a great doctor. But you know what? He can't think for sure.
Yeah. And my dogs are good little dog, but he can't think for sure. And a big dog is a great dog.
But he can't think for sure. I'm sorry. Go ahead. I just love hearing that.
So I'm sitting yesterday in the arena in the NCRC and there's less than two minutes to the game.
And the panel to shot and the people in front of me are talking and blabbing.
And Emily shot came with like 21 seconds.
Yeah, there was like 27 seconds or something like that. And they talk and they dare with the cell phones and guess what they talked about?
Then he and Jimmy. Oh, no. Yeah. And I did clear that for three hours trying to watch again. It was actually pretty entertaining.
Yeah, it was. Yeah. You know, I enjoyed it. You know, but all they talked about for three hours.
And Danny and Danny and Jimmy. Oh, God. Okay.
We should be deported. I say let Ali on stay here and send those people to Cuba. Yeah. That's what I say.
All right. And he had just one let you know. We got to live with that because I like hockey and I.
And don't forget. Don't forget. Hell. We got a shot.
Yeah. I read it. I read the dutch. 115 at 550 WQM. I was just telling George. I think this viral thing is on the way out.
I said, I still away. Go adios. And now it's his turn to get sicker and hell. And he isn't he won't be here tomorrow.
So we're making plans. Probably going over to that swing place. He's probably going to go on time session. Yeah.
Yeah. Day time session over there with Joe Costello and that sports court.
Old man.
I, you know, Joe is a good guy. But we've known this for a long time. He is not probably the most worldly person in the face of the earth.
Yeah. A little on the naive side, a little on the slow side. You better you better learn to be a little on the fastest side.
OK. It's in time. Move your head. Court. Court. And sorry. Here's the towel. Joe.
But there's this nasty old man there. I hear these squishing 5 670560.
Pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. See, like I said before when the show started, I cleaned out yesterday.
No more crap. And I'm not taking any either. OK. Hansel.
Let's go to Miami. Hello.
I'd like to know. Yes, sir. How you that? OK. I have some food for thought here. Basically, and I would respect your opinion.
What would happen hypothetically on a national on a national level if someone, you know, we have a bunch of crazies in this world to go over there and take a pop a little.
So, yeah, that's been 5 670560.
Pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line is the Schmidt continues here. Man, just nonstop. One after the other after the other crazy people.
People who have the same middle name. Yeah. That's it. Here's a mobile and Delray Beach. Hello.
Hey, Neil, do you see the story on the AP about the tree street? We don't have the AP sir. That club, possible. About the what? That club, possible. The other was about the trees breeze. Why that story is a week and a half old. Oh, you got. Yeah.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, Canada. Oh, save me from these people.
Jesus Christ last week I talked about that. Vinnie Prasmal and Patrice Breeze. Why call them an effing frog. That story is older than Maurice Meshard's grandfather. Okay.
Older than Dick Irvin senior. You silly person. Oh, you see the story on the AP. No, I saw it on the P.P. How do you like that? Now I saw it on the P.P. God.
I guess when you're this far south, you know, you're looking to map and it takes a long time for the news to trickle down here. You know what I guess that's what Reagan was talking about. Remember that he doesn't that trickle bouncing you kept talking about.
Here's a lady in Miami Lake. Hello. Yes, man. Glad everything came out all right. Happy New Year and the same year. Thank you. I'm what's going about Phil Henry CD. Yeah.
I'm going to get a hold of it like we did the last time. Of course not. Why would I be so Phil Henry CD's when they're playing a show on another station? Why would I be doing that? I'm the you but I like his all you can eat me crew. Yeah. And that was on an old CD that we've had a last year and make $20,000 for him. I know. Yeah.
This is the near-round you show. Okay. We're not doing Phil Henry CD's. Okay. And by the way, we could have used on a lot more bars. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60. I'll tell you even the women today losers losers losers not all necessarily just most. I guess like I said.
Here's a mobile in West Palm Beach. Hello. Neil. How are you today? I've been doing great till this last 40 minutes. I think I have a real pro lapse. I thought it was going to beat me the punch and I thought this would dawn on you by now.
Didn't you say you got something flushed out yesterday? Yeah. Well look what's left. Surface. Don't want to clock this afternoon. Yes, you're right. All these rises to the time. One of the question. Is there any roulette wheels at the Indian casino? No. No, no kind of cable game. You just all video. Besides the poker.
We're letting no roulette. I don't believe. No roulette. No. Okay. Thanks. You'll take care of me. Although if you want to play Russian. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T line. Plenty of lines. No waiting here.
As we're waiting for our first real call of the day because the calls before 12 30. Well, yeah, I mean there were some okay calls mostly sucker round calls.
I guess we got a long way to how George said it was pretty grim yesterday. That's what he told me pretty slim and grim. Of course the alien thing I think is just that worn a lot of people on.
Tired of it sick of it nauseated by it. Anybody who's upset with it needs to get a very very serious life. Here's dear field. Hello.
Yes, sir. Oh my God. What are we? Okay. People we got down here. So Florida. Let's see what you got now. Oh, yeah. That was the call. Huh? What kind of people we got? And then he's got no material. People just like you sir. He's an asshole. Exactly with no material. Oh my God. What kind of people we got?
Lifeless retards just like you sir with no material. No comments. No sense of humor. No nothing. No life. That's what we got because it's a place for the dead. And you know that nine of it.
Here's a mobile and coke at a creek speaking to places for the dead. Hello. Yeah, Neil. How you feeling? Great. Yeah, it's good. Listen to class two and class three gaming. You know the difference between the two. Meaning what?
Like the seminals what they have is class two. So what difference is it? No, we're left. I'm just saying. Oh, yeah. Oh, no, we're like. There's the same guy that just called before but it's the real. Same guy. Like I said, Russian. Didn't I tell him? Sounds good for you pal. Russian. We're let sounds good. And you're class one. He's an asshole.
5 6 7 0 5 60. So you know what pal? Don't go there. They're doing great. Ziggins of people are going there. You can't get near that place. The parking lot is jammed morning noon tonight. Even on some cholesterol. Okay. They need you like they need a luch and cup as the Indian say. But have a great day.
Here's a mobile and plantate in homestead. Where would it be? Hello. Homestead. Gone. Okay. This is good. Here's surfside. Hello. I knew. Yes, sir.
Listen, I'm over in surfside of this. I have two questions. You can use your phone. Number one. Is there any way at all to get one of your kids? No, no, they're not. No.
I have a question. Is an answer be truthfully? Is that you on the Jimmy and Danny? Are you Jimmy and Danny? One of the voices? No. Really?
Answer you truthfully like that. That's a puts me on a hot seat. No, of course not. I don't do bits. You don't do bits. You write anything over.
Have a great life, pal. Do I write anything? 5667.0560.050560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's the lady in North Miami as we look for our first rational lady today. I believe. Hello. Hi. Yes, you are.
Hi. How are you feeling? You said pretty good. I feel great. Great. I had a call for a while. Because the last time I bought a given trouble at work and I got in trouble with my union instead. Why is that?
I guess it is like contents of our call. It was about the hurricane. But I decided. What does the union have to do with your right to make a phone call to what's off you? I don't understand. What does that have to do with anything? That's what I've been doing.
I think it is that. Is that what it is? I didn't think so until this happened. Anyway, I decided they don't know this is an entertainment show. Things are tough. What was it about?
I mean, some remarks about how the arrangement was handling it. Handling what? The fact that they let us off a work and stuff like that. I wouldn't do that again.
You were talking about getting the thing to disguise people's voices. That is another thing they were going to get here months ago. In fact, I told our program director that we needed that. Did I ever hear another word from him about that? No.
I know you mentioned it. I said what they can't even get your phone lines work. I doubt we are going to see that. Exactly. When it comes to technical expertise, forget about it. It ain't their vocabulary. It might cost something.
I was glad to hear you did mention that guy that ran into those people. He is off the hook. He is off the hook. He is the one that was threatened and as a result, the others who are being charged with what ever they are being charged with.
I really appreciate that. I thought George did a good job. I still like to know what is going on with that whorehouse cops running down here.
Nobody seems to care about that. What happened with that 14 or 16 year old girl, whatever they were in all of cops and all the forces in the day, there were a whole bunch of cops from every force they said. They were horny. They swept another carpet. The great media that stupidity told us about every time Aliens got a stomach ache. They can't get to the bottom of this.
You people have a great day. Every 4, 6, 7 and 10. That's not going to be great on that. I'm going to 4, 6, 7 and 10. Here we go with Aliens again.
I just wrote something right there. There you go, pal. Mr. Smart asked do I write stuff? Yeah, like my name on a big check. God.
A bunch of pandering scumbags, you people in the so-called local news media. You can't complain about the investigative reporting in this town. And of course the hero, they're very claim to fame as the story on the airport. The only problem is it came 20 years too late.
After the cat was out of the whatever the cat is in the cradle. 5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 5, 5, 60. And by the way, you notice that people never walk a cat on a leash. You want to know why? They're hoping it gets away.
Not sure if they see dogs tied up on a long leash in the people's backyard, whatever. Because they want to make sure the dog doesn't get loose and run away. You never see a cat on a long leash.
They're ashamed to be seen with them in public. What is it, dog? The dog owners, they're not ashamed to be seen in public. But the cat, you don't put it on it because you're hoping it'll go away, not come back.
So that you can throw that damn box out. You know what I'm talking about? The one that smells like everybody in the neighborhood just came in and had a party on your floor speaking of carpets.
Oh, people with a litter box. You ever go in a house with a has a litter box? Oh, man.
Ooh, what family died in this place? And I suppose to make cats better than they do their business in a box.
Tiapper for animals that do their business either in a bowl or I like outside. My big dog lately has been hunting for toad schools.
Not necessarily the first part. Well, but the boofos come back and rainy season. It's 26 past one at 5.60 WQAM, two story.
Jim Mandage talks about the cat right here on sports radio 5.60 Q.A.L.
How young is two young?
He wants the white house to be all here like a classic cat.
So he can't even see me be like two or two cups under that time. I'm a kid in the apple pie.
Oh, last. That's the way it is. Well, I have a local lover. He's an I.D. today.
I'm 30 at 5.60 WQAM. By the way, I'm feeling so good today and have so much energy back now that this viral thing is on a way out.
And now that my system is clean and my brain as well, I just decided, you know, just like I did with the faxes.
The same thing is going to happen with certain chronic colors like the one you were just talking to me about off the air.
They're just going to vanish. They're going to disappear. They're not going to be any more references to them. There isn't going to be any more. They're just going to vanish.
They're all going to go, bye bye. Oh, no. Oh, yes. They'll have to get a search party and find a substitution for like a semblance of a little bit of a life.
How do you like that?
Can't do that to us.
Here's a mobile and coral spring. Hello. Hello. Yes, ma'am. Hi, Neil. I'm just calling it. I love your show.
And I'm begging you, please go back to the point where you weren't taking callers. Your show was just fabulous.
Yes, it was. I had three great weeks there. And now listen to what these people have to contribute.
It was pure unadulterated. I mean, please reconsider doing that again. I'll reconsider.
So, love your show, bye.
If you're Martin Luther Coon, days over. That's a great thing.
Well, I mean, I'll think about it. I want to get my energy back. I'm just trying to get an over three weeks to be in sick.
Three weeks in old calls. Maybe that's what's happening of my energy, you think so? No.
No, but it's a good excuse. Or maybe there's something going around in this building.
Maybe it's the stress from working for Greg Reed. You think that that might be it?
Uh-huh. Yeah. Maybe it's this phone. Maybe there's some kind of a phone disease here on this instrument.
Because then we got a sick phone system. It's a piece of a turret, man. Make no mistake about it.
I know we're pretty demanding on the show. We expect to have a phone that works. I realize it's pretty radical doing a telephone talk show.
But at least one thing about those three weeks that I ever have to worry about was the phone working? No.
Here's Miramar. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I said we keep building on and sending you back to Cuba.
Oh, okay. Yeah. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 and of course two of the days when you weren't even here.
You want vacation when I was doing the no calls and the two of the days if we would have wanted to take calls we couldn't because the phone didn't work at all.
Not at all. Not a little bit. How do you like that?
So my timing was as usual magnificent. Here's a mobile in Santa Bell. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir.
Hey, I was just going to say last night I just wonder who Peter War well has made the pictures of because that guy can't play for nothing.
He only played a few minutes. That's right. That guy. The only thing he does is sitting the family back.
Does he warm it up for the rest of them? Or would fall down a lot and then look up at the referee. How come you didn't call set?
Or they get a stupid penalty and looking like how could you call that even though it's that guy.
He's a waste of time. You know, if they could fill that roster spot with somebody who was useful player this team would really be dangerous.
You think about that? Yeah, they could just call up somebody anybody. Call up anybody. Just call up somebody in a phone book.
I guess that guy is bad. And last night I watched it on TV over here because I don't get over there that much.
But on the first goal, the television broadcast, they decided to show everybody the roster for the world in each of all stars.
You know, and they were showing that while the goal was going on.
Oh, nice going. Nice going sports channel. Oh, that was great. It was great. I was like, what?
I was simmer. I said, how do your buddies at sports channel do with that telecast last night? He said they stopped. Yeah.
Yeah, they stopped. He's pretty pioed about it. I guess. Hey, Neil. I'm glad everything came out for you and thanks a lot.
It came out beautiful. Pal, have a great day. We'll send you a sample. 5 6 7 0 5 60.
Let's sell a sample like they did pieces of the Berlin wall. What do you say? Make a fortune that way better than those stupid key chains will sell little samples.
Code stool samples without the toad. I've been told there would be a big seller. Here's higher. Leah. Hello. Yeah, I knew. Yes, sir.
I was wanting to hear about the FCC ruling last week about about cable access and that the stations have to play educational programming on it.
And the problem is is that the religious stations that are using the cable access may have to come up and prove that all their programming has educational content.
Oh, yeah. And as a result, there's a whole bunch of congressmen who've written letters and been pounding on FCC door. I'm sure that.
To take that away. Could you imagine probably Neil and crucifixes and mizes on top of their door? Who knows? How you going to prove fundraising and send the donation and you'll be healed is educational.
Yeah. So I just wonder what's going on out there. Maybe Tammy Faye and Jan and Paul Crock can at least show America how to be a fashion plate. Who knows? That's it. Thanks for your goodness.
Well, that phone system sure doing some funky things today. Well, I'll tell you.
We got the greatest computer that money can't buy anybody wants this computer free. By the way, we would be glad to toss it out the third floor window here at Qion.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah.
Yes, try to control yourself speaking of that thing with a hill. Yeah, I knew. Speak to me, sir. Speak. Speak.
Hi, how are you? Great. How are you, sir? I'm doing all right. Good. Good start. Okay. Let's move on. What do you got? All right. You have a question for you. Yeah. Why can a Jewish person be cut 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T?
They're all having a cluster for today is what they're doing. Am I right? Yeah. They're all squeezing it. Yankin it. I guess they have a big party in celebration. And I came back alive today. They were very scared. They were real nervous. Oh my God. They're looking at his back down is everything.
Everything came out okay, folks. I'm back alive. We continue rolling along. Singing us on. Life goes on. Here's hope sound. Hello. How are you? Great. I love the show. Great show. I took a game to and worse than I'm talking about Jimmy and Danny.
I had a guy in front of me talking to his wife and arguing about the rose and the whole thing. Great. Unbelievable. Yeah. Well, they're going to talk about something they might have some interest in or know something about because they sure as hell don't know anything about the hockey game.
27 seconds left and keep freaking rose. Unbelievable. Yeah. We'll have a nice day near great speak if you love the show. Thank you, sir. Right. You made it up. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T. Well, I think you made that up. It was kind of interesting and probably true. Probably true.
They have no clue. I mean, one thing that people have to be loud around you and they're incessantly talking, but they're not even being loud talking about anything that's going on out there.
Oh, good. And then the people, the guys behind me, the loud obnoxious guys who were having this ongoing three period conversation. How many people are people this place? I think I hold about 15,000 or maybe at 17,000.
What are you people doing there? What are you doing in that building? Why are you sitting in those seats? Why are you taking up that space?
Just to make sure that we can't have the best possible time and keep in mind that I get my tickets for free. Most of those people who enjoy the game, they pay for their tickets. They work their asses off to be able to pay for those goddamn tickets so they can enjoy a sporting event.
They don't want to hear your life story. They don't want to hear you hockin' and trying to, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah,
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
Springer was a 16 year teacher at South Broward High School in Hollywood when the board suspended him, the group also sideline, Tanya White, a 34 year old math teacher at Dearfield Beach High School, the two were at the club separately. On and on it goes only in America, man, only in America, God forbid that anybody in America should be having sex. That's the America's fucking way. That's right. How about Dan Burton? Have you got any kids by the way? Uh huh. Step along to like his wife? Oh,
it's just amazing. Here's Kate Coral. Hello. Hey, now how are you? Pretty good. Hey, you know that second Danny and Jimmy get you do. Yeah. Can you imagine if Davis's but head were involved in that? And one more thing. Uh, do you feel the need for three? Five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Why must be audition days? That what it is today? audition day for like one of those sit down comedy clubs. Well, he was in Kate Coral. What do you expect?
Here's Pinecrest. Hello. Neil, glad to see you back in action. How you doing back? I'm in action. It's so working. You're doing it. Good to see you. Uh, there was a short article in the Harold Ford beat cadad didn't know if he has mentioned it before. One of the mysterious ways of God driver rescued from car and canal. A highly a woman was adjusting the rosary hanging from a rear view mirror when she drove into the canal Wednesday. How do you like that? What was he up to? Oh my God. Looking after you.
I hope probably take care of me. Thank you. He takes care of the heathens. Okay. All the people with these hockas. Focus on mumbo jumbo. Just like they showed all his old get's key sitting around. Aliens backyard. Those old ladies with their rosary beads and earth crucifixes and their rubbin it and rubbin it in the beads to. Oh God. Give me a break. Here's North Miami. Hello. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. I have a question to ask you about the Danny and Jimmy Jimmy and Danny deal and all the Harold Newtion.
Paper articles, all the commentary by the sports catchers and Dan Reno ever been quoted. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line. They just don't get it. Do they get it? No. No. Sir, we don't want to discuss. That's why we play the parody, sir, because we don't want to discuss it. We don't want to talk about what the hero has to say about it. We don't want to talk about what the sense settles got to say about it. We don't want to talk about what the callers have to say about it. What the sports. So a whole whole stuff. We don't care.
You understand. Can you comprehend that, sir? Can you get that into your skull? I don't care about Jimmy and as much as I like him, I don't care about Danny. Okay. At this point, hang it up, Danny. Have a wonderful life. Nothing but the best. Goodbye. That's it. Simple. Wow. And I'm concerned about what I saw at the arena last night. You guys that do the sports shows on this station. You want to be kissing the ground some of you guys. You have no idea how lucky you are to be doing a sports shows and getting paid good money for it. And I'm going to tell you what.
And a town with sports is like a four language, like English. When you know if we had more guys like any shack and Frank Mahalovich and Bert Homestead. It's just beyond human comprehension. The vacuous nature. And last night was pro positive of it. I mean, I already had to just sit there and look around. I don't know.
I know we're most of the like real living and breathing people that we have in there. Were there were some, but there were a whole bunch of different pushes in their last night. And of course, a lot of people disguise like I said is green empty seats. And I'm thinking, what are you people doing here? What are you doing here? Why are you here? You have absolutely no interest, no attention span for anything that's going on here other than your own little ivory tower world. Nothing. What are you doing here? Besides knowing everybody else of what you did a magnificent job, by the way, especially them.
I said, if they didn't go back to a tree and get their banjos, that crew that was sitting across from me one row back, they got to be in a tree today. Just twang in a way on it. Oh, man.
Hey, I'm going to have put them in the board. Put them in the board. Put them in the board.
I thought he was trying to be Ken Harrelson, Jr. You know, there's the White Talks games and a pretty Epis way job of it too, by the way, the Hawk. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, how you doing? I'm doing great. No, just one thing on the guy that called about the FCC and the reason that the, what do you mean by that? You called today? No, no, no, that's a guy just called the little log about the FCC ruling for educational television.
The reason the whole religious entities are getting upset is because they don't want to pay to be on the air. If they can prove that it's educational, then it's for free, air time.
What do you mean they don't want to pay to be on the air? I don't understand what we're talking about. You're talking about religious programming on, or you're talking about,
right? Religious programming on educational access channels for kids. Oh, well, who didn't watch this that anyway? Not at all.
I mean, no, there are 10 people that watch that. That's so true. No, but my next thing, they have kids playing ping pong on those channels. They, they, I mean, was nobody watches that?
They're upset as long as they can get onto the airways and have some little ladies and their retirement check and they'll be happy.
More power. You know something? I look at it differently. If they, oh, if there are people stupid enough to send their money, it's called business. That's all. It's just called doing business.
Oh, absolutely. Absolutely. If they can build the money out of stupid night, desperate people, more power to them.
No, I'm not going to send a check to Janet Paul Crotch tonight.
I do have one more thing. And that is, you know, the reason why folks and priests are supposed to be celibate, you know, back in what was I think it was year 1238 when the Catholic church decided that all priests and
popes and the creation of nuns were because they were losing assets because priests were married. They had children. They were losing their assets. Yeah. Yeah, they were. They were losing their assets pretty much.
Okay. Thanks a lot, new. Have a great day.
I'm going to send a check to Janet Paul Crotch tonight.
From the awkward could it there on the much music, but I did it. MTV blows much music. So I said, I sure hope much music on your cable system on your people out there because they actually number one show videos.
Number two show like good stuff as opposed to mdv, which just shows the same old tired crap and the same 10 videos over and over and over again. Ponderous really weak.
How's time green to them, by the way, out of sight out of mind. I haven't seen the time green show in a coons age.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yeah, how's it going? Great. Glad you're way back to recovery. I'm coming back, man. That's good. That's great. One question. How are you later would you be able to face the gratitude with to rock ashes shows from Toronto or Amsterdam?
I don't know. I'm for enthusiastic being here because I feel better. And of course, if I had a studio here that would work, see the only reason I'm skeptical about that is keeping mine. This is a company that can't provide a technical facility right here in Miami for me to do a show.
So the idea that they're going to put together some kind of facility that's acceptable and that's workable in Toronto and Amsterdam and Pinyan, New York, wherever it might be. I raised 14 eyebrows about that because I have my doubts. They haven't demonstrated any ability to be technically F in this place.
They're the most technically in F radio station in the history of the business. There are there are good. I guarantee you the kids at type or high with KPX have no seriously. They've got 50,000 times the technical knowledge that this place is God.
What would you prefer Toronto or I probably split half and half what's wrong with that? I could be in Toronto this time of the year. I'll guarantee you that. I mean, it's great hearing you're sure how you struggle day to day to deal with some sort of living conditions.
It's really a lot of areas because they are areas. It's a panic. And I heard that alien. I just had a good ball move and let's hear it.
Those samples at 530 on Channel 10, by the way. Yeah. Have a great day pal. I take care.
Dwight Lutterdale is going to be showing you some samples at 530. 567-0560, 05-60 on it. Oh yeah, what did he say? I'm serious. You have to feel that you're lost your mind. If you watch any of Channel 10 news yesterday, you have to be positive. You just totally lost it. That the whole alien business had put you over the edge.
And they're going on the street and asking 75 million. We went to the U of M and here's a kind of list to go. A kind of linguistics expert and she's listening and she's going.
Did he say this? Did he say that? Here's a little six year old kid. Here's the baby Jesus. Who sing all these profound things like, oh, you can airplane airplane. Yeah, like other little six year old kids say, okay.
I don't think he's saying anything really profound. This is 560-0.560-1.
Kim Polkapper taught sports. Right here on sports radio 560-2.0.
This is the Neil Roger show. This is your brain. Any questions?
Today's broadcast is brought to you by new. The all purpose cleaner. See this shirt. It's. How nasty is this carpet thing? Well, just dropped out of your
knee. Use a little bit of elbow grease and clean it. Yes, you can clean anything. Clean your dog. Clean yourself.
I can clean your car. I can clean everything you own. Get. I can clean today. Come visit one of our eight. I can clean stores or look us up on the web at.
I can clean dot com and I can clean it up. 155. By the way, I wish somebody out there like from the SPCA would show a little alien how to hold a dog. I know that hot head that hysterical a Lincoln D as
ballard. By the way, I can't. It's much more to a Janet Reno or Lincoln D as ballard. He ought to be in a straight jacket really. I thought I'm crossbar. He was going to lose it with bill press.
Oh, just hysterical. But anyway, somebody ought to show the kid how to hold a dog because he given that puppy and they keep showing him slipping a puppy right in there.
And he holds it like under the front legs with the body of the dog hanging down. It's not how you hold a dog. You know what I mean?
If we're going to entertain you in the country and put up on all this fall to all put you on a cover time magazine. At least handle the dog with respect like your violin ball. How will that lower the respect?
Here's a lady in bouquet. Hello. Yes, man. Great. Everything came out. Everything was sensational. It was an easy process. I had almost actually had a good time. Well, you sound really great today. I have to say. How do you like that? I feel like I just born again. I'm telling you. I should tell you what I mean.
I've been coming and listening to you for a very long time. And fat rich has always been so wonderful and nice. He's a great guy. I'd really just like to know how to send him a get well card. He's at the Baptist hospital.
Baptist hospital. Right. But he can't send it to fat rich. I don't think that's going to work. I said, well, can I send it to you? And then you could forward. Yeah, that would be good. That would be good. I really appreciate. I'm glad to hear you're doing good. Neil. And you know, I really appreciate all the all the work. Everything you do for everybody around here. Thanks. We don't have a good one. YouTube. Bye.
How do you like that? A nice lady. Thank God before the day was like too many nice people because it's not all that exciting. But we know, you know, it just reassures you that there are some nice people out there. You know what I'm saying? Especially after sitting with all those Yahoo's there at the game last night.
God, there were so many people like looking around. In fact, we did have some nice people who aren't more regular. There last night, which is okay. We like having new faces. And they were looking around like, geez, is this the usual clientele that hangs out in this place? I mean, God.
Just after after. Oh, come on. Have it out of here. That's our poll question by the way tomorrow. How many beers do you have to have? I've been asking this for 24 questions. Never got a real answer. Did I know how many beers do you have to enjoy yourself? Have a good time at a game. 20 is it 40 is it 155? And don't forget, by the way, remember our good friend Andy the whale dead. He died. Now you're not feeling well. Don't die. I don't want to put you through. Yeah, right.
Wrong one. See, he's off his feet. Our good friend. He died. Always read in the post from a few too many beers. 36 years old. He's dead. Oh, well, of course, like I said, for these guys who were there last night, have another one. Another one. Don't stop now. That'll count of me. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey, there's a bunch of guys at work started a process against the Cubans by milling off dog crap and envelope. Okay, great. Uh-huh. Are you sure it was dog crapser?
Here's a mobile in North Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I was just curious after reading and hearing all these things about the luchet earlier. It seemed that only the appointed officials in the country and in the county and the state said something against them. All the elected officials either sat on the fence or took his case. And that obviously is because of both. Well, let me ask you to couldn't get elected. Yes. And what about what's the name of the lane dog? What my point is that now that you know what about what's is the
name up there Charles Wrangel in New York? Is he elected official out of this situation? Yeah, what I'm trying to bring out is that what is it that survey that was done last week?
