QAF is up to the all 567, all 565,
all free in Dave and Groward,
or out 560 on your cell phone.
In their kings of Neil, his guests and colors,
you not necessarily represent those of the B.C. Gladcast crew.
It's that advertises your agency.
Now, here's Neil Rogers on 560 Q.A.M.
Yeah.
Obviously, there's a report after night,
the 24 years ago, I was at for Hanover
in Kennedy-Bunkford, Maine, sort of DUI.
That's an accurate story.
I'm glad of that.
I hope you can't say that my patient's right,
and I did all that night.
But I made the decision
that I want my girls doing the kinds of things I did,
and I still have them different to grow.
Sige and I made them very good.
It's fine with the people saying that I've won now.
Yes, I was.
I'm going to drive here.
I need beers to a bit.
Like in the meantime, there's a still years ago.
My daughter.
We're happy about it.
But then.
And that's the first of action I took.
And I, and I, and I'm the first to say
that people in America will understand that.
Oh, okay.
Have another one on those, Georgie.
10-01 at 560 WQA.
And this is the day, baby.
One, two, three.
D-Day, did I vote this morning?
You bet you're sweet, Anson.
That was one of the first ones online.
Although I got shuffled, I won't up in the wrong,
alphabetical line for some reason.
So a lot of people, about the 20th person to vote,
they were jammed in there in the acres, baby.
I'll tell you that.
Jammed in there.
Wind up.
80 trillion people, which may or may not be a good thing
over there because I don't think there were too many
grow people in the acres.
A lot of glam in the acres.
You know what I'm saying?
A lot of those.
But that's okay.
Because the thing that seems to be happening today,
at least here in South Florida,
where we're going to decide the selection today.
Which is, I don't care what they tell you about.
Wow, they have voice people are really highly motivated
and all of a sudden, crap.
What they don't want is a massive turnout,
especially in areas where it's bad for them,
the bush people.
They don't want a massive turnout of dark folks.
They don't want a massive turnout of old people,
especially old Jews.
They just don't want a gigantic voter turnout
because that always is a bad woman.
In fact, one of the porcelain,
what kind of name is that?
Bogus Pol, what they have on Fox,
that nobody else even mentioned their name.
Even they who are predicting that Bush is going to win.
And you know something before I go into that,
anything could happen.
That's the exciting thing about right now.
It can be anything.
Bush could win by a landslide.
I don't think Bush is going to win by a landslide,
but Bush certainly has got a shot to win.
Or it could be like, who knows?
Could be a sort of a match
with the absentee balance
from the West Coast states come in,
or the day after even.
That's how tight it is, apparently.
But anyway, the one poll,
they're talking a big game for Bush,
but in their overall poll of all registered voters,
they're saying, go for 45, Bush 41.
Even that's their outfit.
Now the Zogby poll,
the MSNBC voters are they,
which you know, they have a good track record,
but who the hell knows?
They pulled right up to midnight last night.
Here are their last numbers.
Nationally, what the hell did I do with it?
Some of my facts are something, here's my own.
Nationally,
Gour 48, Bush 46, Nator 5.
Oh, Florida, Gour 48% Bush 46, Nator 6.
I'm gonna tell you right now,
they're predicting 80% turnout in date
over 72% in Broward.
That's it, daybroward in Palm Beach.
Here's your chance to feel important
because you are gonna decide the election today.
Daybroward in Palm Beach.
Make no mistake about it.
And that Nator 6 points in Florida,
Bob, is me a lot.
A lot.
Michigan, Gour 51, Bush 45, Nator 4.
Pennsylvania, this is a shocker.
Gour 51, Bush 42, Nator 3.
The state of Washington, Gour 50 points, Bush 43, Nator 5.
Bush is 7.10, Tennessee, he's gonna win Tennessee.
Illinois, Gour 50, Bush 43, Nator 7.
Wisconsin, which Bush had a two-point lead yesterday,
it's even 46, 46, Nator 6.
So you see the trend, not only in the national parade,
but in the statewide post, the trend is moving
in toward Gour.
The independence who had leaned Democratic
and some of the Nator people are moving back
into Democratic column.
Ohio, which Bush had a huge lead in Ohio,
in fact, they're already, every one of the levels
has already got his, you know, the color that read on the map.
Ohio, Bush 48, Gour 45, Nator 5.
It's within the statistical margin of error on the pole.
Missouri, which Bush also let open up
about a four or five point lead as of right now,
Bush 48, Gour 47, Nator only three,
and they're saying that because the dead man is on a ballot
and out of the corner hand, that that's gonna bring out a lot.
In fact, it looks like corner hand's gonna win.
His wife, John Ashcroft, can't even be the dead man in Missouri.
But Bush's lead is only one there now.
It's again within the statistical margin of error.
New York State, Gour 56, Bush 37, Nator 6.
Now I should like to know, because not the last minute
of this hand, well, Rick Lazio, who was behind
in all the most recent polls,
because everybody seemed to hate Missouri like,
for his nor the few that love her.
But Lazio is supposed to win now in some of the polls.
I don't see how that's gonna happen.
When Gour is up by 19 points in New York State
and is gonna win by probably about a million
and a half votes in New York State,
how is it possible that Missouri isn't gonna get swept in?
I think it's highly unlikely.
In fact, late last night, they were taught
howling the fact that even as unlikely as it looked
about the Democrats winning back the Senate,
that the House is unlikely, it'll be very close,
but the Senate is now becoming a strong possibility.
So, I'll get your answer out there and hope,
because this is what they don't want.
In spite of all, see, and those of you who are watching
the Bush people in there, it's all a psych job.
They tried this once before.
What they start celebrating and they're getting ready
and they're very confident in all the sort of bullcrap,
they did this in New Hampshire during the primaries.
They were confident.
They were gonna just sweep right on in,
because of course, it was handed to Montess over a platter.
It's here.
It's an entitlement for this guy,
just like it's an entitlement for Missouri.
On the leash, he's got a brain.
Not that I like her, but at least he's got a brain.
Couldn't have her last day had a big celebration
in New Hampshire, a little bit premature
because John McCain beat the crap out of the bush
nice during New Hampshire and published in Palmer.
I mean, beat the spot out of them.
So, take a look at those numbers.
Florida, Michigan, Pennsylvania,
the three most wins in my book for a grower.
He's had no three of them, but the closest one is right here.
80% turn out to predicting in Dave County.
And keep in mind that many of those 80% of the...
Cloud, because they vote, whether you like him or hate him,
they get out and vote.
They put their green teeth in the grass,
they soak them off a little bit.
They put them back in their puts,
or not is the case, maybe.
They'll make a difference.
And they gum a little bit of breakfast,
and they get out there and they do it.
They punch it and the ballot too.
So, all the rest of you people in Dave County
better turn out in big, big numbers.
Because we were always months that fewer
with alien and everybody's a dissatisfaction
and the right wing old Julios,
and all of a sort of bull crap,
and all the corruption we had in Dave County.
Which of course crosses partisan lines
because there are no political parties in Dave County.
There's only one that's called the corrupt party.
But those of you who are enchanted with that,
and with that Julio Strangleholder,
we got in with people like Ilyana Gross-Latin,
Bert Dana Dana, and that obnoxious, disgusting,
Lincoln Diaz-Belart.
Here's your opportunity.
Oh, and guess who was flying down McCommum
along yesterday in his private jet?
Wayne Hi Pingu.
Yeah, Wayne Hi Pingu was flying
down McCommum.
How do you do to around the state of Florida?
I just mentioned that in passing.
For those who may forget the vote for Bill Nelson,
did I forget the vote for Bill Nelson?
No, I did not.
I punched it extra hard.
And the ballot too.
Yeah, look, there looks pretty encouraging, man.
You're lining up.
In fact, it says hundreds of voters in South Florida
stood in line for always on Monday,
to cast absentee ballots for president.
Early indication of how strongly people feel
about a contest that appears too close to call.
Miami-Dade supervisor of elections, David Leahy,
he said, we've never had this kind of turnout.
This election is bringing out people in droves.
And that was yesterday for the absentee's, baby.
So we'll find out from the audience today
if they voted and how the turnout was by them
where they were.
Here's our poll from yesterday.
If you're voting today, the poll was tomorrow,
but it has to be meaning today.
Who you voting for?
Al Gore, 1043, 71.8%.
George W. Bush, 257, 17.7%.
Ralph Nader, 75, 5.1%.
Harry Brown, 52, which I don't believe, 3.6%.
That's bogus.
And Pat, you can't in 23, 1.5%.
Where's that said of that?
That's bogus is because the libertarian party, Harry Brown,
hasn't shown up in any poll.
I mean, just a statistical blip, like a fraction of 1%.
So the libertarian people, a little bit carried away.
9 minutes after 10 to 5, 60 WQF.
No portion of the program may be listed.
That would express written title.
Over each year, and this is broadcast,
written, clippin, clippin, clippin.
Get off your dot, get off your dot.
Now, from Washington, numbered Glockland Group,
featuring Eleanor Clips, Jack Jamon,
and sitting in for Pat Buchanan, New York Giant Cheeky Barber.
Now, here's John Glockland.
If you want, George W.
Rings of Walt, Eleanor Clips.
Well, John, I'm not going to say.
Wrong!
Jack Jamon!
Well, that's not an easy choice.
Wrong!
Cheeky Barber!
I'm going to have to say the wrong!
Actual answer, law exercise.
That wasn't you an enjoy.
Next initial, Al Gore.
Favorite Broadway show.
Bring in the noise, bring in the funk of tax.
Eleanor, do you think you're thrown off?
Well, John, I don't have to say.
Wrong!
Jacky, Jacky, pick your mom.
That's a very difficult choice.
Wrong!
Cheeky Barber!
I'm going to have to say, right?
Not a choice, really, Cheeky Barber.
You gave it an extra last time I wasn't a choice.
Wrong!
Correct response.
Catch!
Cheeky Love's them.
Next issue.
The cast of Big Brother should be murdered.
How?
Eleanor!
You with the show.
Wrong!
Jack Jamon!
Dynamite.
Wrong!
Cheeky Barber!
I don't think they should be.
Wrong!
Actual answer.
Point is in putting.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
10.50 to 5.60 km.
Randy Rhodes comes home.
Didn't we have this first yesterday?
I had it everybody else.
Does anybody care?
No.
Oh!
It's in the hair of this morning.
So it must be true.
Stupid talk 940 is already impressive.
Lineups has got a bit stronger.
Ha-ha-ha-ha!
Long time, South Florida Radio Favorite Randy Rhodes will begin broadcasting
his daily program broadcast on WS Palm Beach, his WJNose since 94,
starting Monday, queer channels, and I'll study like that from 2 to 7 pm, starting Monday.
Now, she certainly got to do better than Lewis, not too wild.
And certainly better than Brooke, the babbling Brooke, wouldn't she think?
Yeah.
Not a whole lot better.
But like a little bit better.
A little bit better than Lewis.
So double that point, too.
And that Ed Till had like mine in the minus column,
I guarantee she was better than the minus column.
Not a lot.
See, it seems to me that they're like missing some of the puzzler.
I don't want to get, you know, into that.
Here's for a Saturday.
Hello.
Hey man, how's it going?
Yes, sir.
Does she got like this gay gem still with her?
Yeah.
Uh-huh.
I want to tell you something.
Anything that's still purple on alternate days.
Some days it's green, some days it's purple.
She's a weird dude.
Yeah.
Alright, check this out.
A friend of mine, one of my best friends is Logan for Bush, right?
So I said to him, I said to him a little bit.
What about him in a lot of books?
I know.
I'm telling him all these things that I've doc,
I've seen documented, I've heard.
He didn't consider the season to push.
Basically at the end of the conversation,
I got him to admit that Bush is a complete idiot.
The only reason he's voting for Bush, he says,
and a lot of people he knows is because they're
going to be in a position to get the military,
because of the military, they're convinced.
Because they're going to tell you what?
Yeah, that's what I'm saying.
Military what?
He says, our military stock, he says,
when we went in, you could swab your help here,
that we ran out of ammunition,
because we didn't have enough money.
I'm asking, where did you get this information?
Did he have some kind of a bad dream or something bad, Bullard?
I don't know.
And then he says, we have no smart farm blood.
You know, we have no smart farm blood?
We all look good.
I got a couple.
He convinced that I got a lot of clear ones.
He convinced that China is going to screw us.
Yeah.
Because we're a weak military.
This sounds to me like,
so you definitely need to keep it in the lockbox today until after seven o'clock tonight.
Then I said, we take this out.
Then I said, I can go into the loosional.
Bush wants to drill in protective ways of us.
He goes, that's great.
He goes, you know, the spoilers up to Alaska.
This is the mentality of the Bush.
That's why Nigos got 17 points in Alaska.
Right.
Every Bush, stick like a unicorn,
if you're on a carnage truck,
it's a white male idiot.
Yeah.
Or the dumb wife.
What about the bull on the back?
I put bull on the back.
Any of thanks for being there.
And we'll let everybody know the other side of the truth, man.
Okay.
Keep that guy locked up, please.
Big radio news.
Beasley Fire is 45 at WWWDBFM in Philadelphia.
Drops 25-year talk format.
Which is the 80s hits is the 5pm yesterday.
New name, 96.5, but point.
Has not filed for new color as yet.
Eager marketing conducted the most recent research project
in August leading to the format change.
The decision to drop news talk was made over a week ago.
No one at the station saw it coming, although there had been rumors.
A certain PD Neil Leramore called the staff of WWWDBFM at 730.
Yesterday morning, hung in there'd be a 9am meeting.
Bush and Brian Beasley were there.
Everyone was let go.
Those employees with contracts were they paid in full.
Oh God.
Tits of the 80s sounds great on QAM.
How we got all those old jingles we could bring back?
Yeah.
Everyone with a contract was paying off in full.
Anyone without a contract received two weeks paid.
Consult the Randy Kibberts through the program.
The station be running without Jack Till January.
The WSWDBFM was the WSWDBFM.
And on the coast.
You want to buy that BDBFM stock?
Are you out of your mind?
WWWDB was like the pioneer FN talk station in America.
The wonderful world of the Dali Bank.
So try twice to hire me.
And actually did once when I was in Nashville for those famous
two months in 1980.
I told the story about my moving band was taking my stuff to Philly.
And their cast were coming in and coming back to this guy for a second place.
I could have been a contender.
I could have been filled up with that quarter of all of 80 billion people living in the Northeast living and breathing people.
And here I am eating out of me living.
The Beasley, I'm telling you don't buy that stock.
If you want to buy a zero ox, if you want to get down under low eight or something, maybe.
But not Beasley, I'm telling you.
It could easily hit three anytime seriously.
Find the whole staff and they're going without this stock until January because it'll keep the pay world nice and low.
Don't have to worry about people not getting paid a WWWDB because they don't have any employees to pay.
Here's a mobile and lake worth. Hello.
You know what's that?
You're so rigid on.
Couple things.
One way you're going to play the Apple song.
But I think conversing on the internet with somebody used to live by me.
And every day you send them your stuff about, you know, the gorge there.
And you know what, Bush is that.
And finally, we are, he's just sending stuff that's been sent to him.
But most of us coming from churches.
Oh yeah.
And religious organizations.
And the last one I got the other day says that we have to get pushed in there in order to change the age of the Supreme Court just as to overthrow a Royal Welfare.
Right.
I mean, they should be honest with what they're trying to do.
I should point out that I've been in the negligence doing this at Gourmet before he became this compassionate conservative.
Rang very loudly that he was the most anti-abortion governor in the entire country.
I think women ought to keep that in mind.
Yeah, but the point is, what is he represent now?
And right now he represents the things that we believe in.
Not the repressive regime that the Bush moisture and all his buddies want to get their hands on.
And the NRA is going to work right out of the White House.
Yeah.
There's no question about that.
That wasn't a joke. That was real.
Okay, three times today, pal.
Vote three times.
Whether that's on by Tony Orlando, or on the october times, vote three times.
All the Agro people today.
Don't forget that big ad, Saturday, November 4th in the Sun Sentinel.
Can a Christian vote for our Gour?
Seven issues from a biblical perspective.
And they outline all their hate.
All their hate.
They don't hate the feasts, but they do hate, you know, the women and the doctors and the fags and El Gour.
And anybody to the left of a telegram hunt.
This is just a beautiful.
It's like a blueprint of extreme right wing fanatico religious insanity in America today.
And don't forget, these are the people in bed with the Bush moisture.
These are the people of just Saturday.
They kept them in that semi-lockbox area in the background, starting with a Republican convention.
They kept them like in the wings.
Trent Rod.
Mario Cuomo was not okay with what I'm a says.
You know, I'm a says is a right wing fossil.
He's pathetic.
I was watching this morning because I wanted to see MSNBC and all their poll news.
Mario Cuomo and Jesse Ventura on Larry King last night were so sensational that they had to move fossils on here like Alan Simpson and John Glenn and a catatized guy from Ohio who just buzzed the hell out of me.
And wonder, he's quitting.
Get rid of him.
But I'm telling you what a ticket that would be.
Mario Cuomo and Jesse Ventura.
And Mario agrees that America needs a third party.
And so do I.
But like Jesse said, a centrist party, not a far left party or a far right wack or party like Papu can, but a centrist populist party.
I can see it right now.
Mario Cuomo and Jesse Ventura.
Even Jesse Ventura and John McCain.
Yeah.
So many possibilities.
And don't forget the other ad that was in the, uh, Harold on Sunday full page ad.
Have you ever held a newborn baby in your arms? Have you ever seen the size of baby's feet at 10 weeks after conception?
Well, here they are actual size.
And it's got a little teeny tiny in the middle of what's mostly a blank page, a little teeny tiny pair of what look like baby gorilla feet, baby chimpanzee.
Huh?
Don't they?
Those don't look like no human eye ever saw.
Looks like an apple from here.
You know something I think it is.
I think it's a blimmable.
We're probably trying to sell them to computers.
That's what it is.
Or some other fruit.
Where we going here?
And let's find out how the voting is going where you are.
Okay. This is important to me.
I want to find out if I'm getting overly, I'm too excited or not.
Because like I said at the start, I'm, I've been watching and listening and studying and it could be anything.
It's all over the place.
It could be anything, including this crazy thing in California where the girl campaign decided, oh, we got a wrapped up.
We won't spend one dime there and now according to MSNBC, it's so close.
It's in jeopardy.
They even had a bunch of them, these Canadian, Alex Trebek running around there.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hey, how you doing?
I voted today.
I voted for Gore of the Northland Geek, my phone place.
Yeah.
And it was going pretty good.
There was a lot of people here though.
But it still moved on.
Okay.
But it was busy, yeah?
It was, yeah.
It was first in this morning.
And that's about it.
Hopefully Gore will win.
We got a shot, man.
Hey, I hope so.
Okay, thanks.
Nice going.
5.6705.60, 0.560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
1474 votes on our pool.
If you're voting, Al Gore 10.62, 72%.
GW, 18, a little under 18%.
Native or 5%.
Pat, you can't have 1.5%.
And a phone of a bunch of votes for Harry Brown that we don't buy.
3.5%.
Anybody believe in that?
No.
Probably got a few comargings out there sitting.
You got a circle.
You're going for Harry for 5.0.
Nope.
We're not buying that.
And if you know something that's interesting,
because the 1% little over a 1.5% for Pat, you can.
Seems about right.
From what we've been hearing in this state.
The 5% for NATO seems about right.
Because if you look at the, what's the MSNBC pool?
NATO's got 5 points in Florida.
And he's got 5 and out of polar over here.
And of course, the other part isn't going to be
reflecting entire state.
But just maybe it does.
He didn't know it's my audience, of course.
But nevertheless, maybe it's just kind of reflection.
Because a couple of weeks ago, the South Florida pool,
not mine, but the so-called scientific pool,
it was 6132 for Gore.
And ours is like 72 to 18, which is certainly an exaggeration.
Because we chased the levels.
Bush puts these away, unfortunately, because they don't have,
they don't have the balls to hear the real truth.
Or maybe those just not having a good ball or two.
That might be it.
You're ready for the big celebration.
Just like the celebration before the New Hampshire primary
results came in.
A premature evaluation.
Gore scored, if you asked me.
Here's Coconut Grove, hello.
Oh, hi.
Yes, sir.
Hi, I'm a Gore's Florida Nick.
I'm Neil.
I'm very confident.
I went down to see Gore last night on the beach.
Right.
And he started speaking at 1.15 a.m.,
there must have been 100,000 people there.
They said it anywhere between 60 and 80, no.
There must have been 100,000 or over.
I think there was about 3 million myself.
That's what I just made up.
It was jam-packed.
And he gave a great speech.
But it was just wonderful, that late.
That late in the evening.
And there were so many people there.
And it was, it was, in right in the middle of the day
counting, well, my name is, I'm very confident.
And a lot of those people were Hispanics.
We're given there are lots of women there.
Yeah.
Very confident.
And he gave a great speech.
The best speech I've ever heard him give.
It seemed very spontaneous.
It was wonderful.
And I'm very confident.
And I think he'd speak wonderful and old from the age of the stage.
No, he was right behind the valley.
I'm odd.
He's laughing at the way he's like, I'm not allowed to.
Yeah, I get nervous.
So anyway, I'm very confident.
And I think we all should be.
I think there's just enough people with just enough common sense to pull them through.
I know he's going to win Florida.
And I think he's going to win all those, all those things.
Pennsylvania and Michigan.
I'm looking real good.
Yeah, he's going to win up there too.
I think he's going to get all the blue cow or all the union votes.
He's going to pull through.
I am very confident.
Okay, go forward again, pal.
Thanks.
Hey, well, somebody's 200-year-old retirees that we got the poll workers.
And God bless them.
And all of them, they're out there doing their civic duty.
That's wonderful.
But the median age is 142, at least by me.
And if they had any brains in this country and made election day a national holiday,
there are all kinds of people who grew up out there in the work of the polls,
including some people on the age of 100, which might facilitate it a little bit better.
27 after 10 is 5.62.
Can't beat that dirty meat.
We can't find your rap sheet.
It just disappeared.
We're looking all over and it's still in here.
Hey, Georgie, do you need your rap sheet?
Well, are you afraid that you'll find out that you did so fast?
You were a rich college kid, a turpent party.
And you have been from possession of drugs.
But I'll risk it, like you.
You've been higher as church.
You've been the name Jack Flendon and the face of church.
You've been the name Jack Flendon and the face of church.
You've been the name Jack Flendon and the face of church.
You've been the name Jack Flendon and the face of church.
You've been the name Jack Flendon and the face of church.
You've been the name Jack Flendon and the face of church.
You've been the name Jack Flendon and the face of church.
You've been the name Jack Flendon and the face of church.
You've been the name Jack Flendon and the face of church.
You've been the name Jack Flendon and the face of church.
Oh, PEN32 or PEN32 or PEN32 or PEN32 or PEN32 or PEN32 or PEN32 or PEN32 or PEN32 or PEN32 or PEN32 or PEN32 or PEN32 or PEN32 or PEN32 or PEN32 or PEN32 or PEN32 or PEN32 or PEN32 or PEN32 or PEN32 or PEN32 or PEN32 or PEN32 or PEN32 or PEN32 or PEN32 or PEN32 or PEN32 or PEN32 or PEN32 or PEN32 or PEN32 or PEN32 or PEN32 or PEN32 or PEN32 or PEN32 or PEN32 or PEN32 or PEN32 or PEN32 or PEN32 or PEN32 or PEN32 or PEN32 or PEN32 or PEN32 or PEN32 or PEN32 or PEN32 or PEN32 or PEN32 or PEN32
PEN32 or PEN32 or PEN32 or PEN32 or PEN32 or PEN32 or PEN32 or PEN32 or PEN32 or PEN32 or PEN32 or PEN32 or PEN32 or PEN32 or PEN36 or PENURA drag
I did, I did it.
And it made me really feel kind of stupid
and I haven't been voting all these other times.
Although the other times we didn't make any difference.
This time it could make a difference.
Because this time it's real close
and now we, us, we, you know, the we we crowd out there.
It's always, it's, see, there are things
that can make you feel more important and better
than a stupid football game.
I realize that's about all you've had to hang on to
for a long time, including like lately,
with her accrues and the dolphins and all that crap.
But now here's something I think that maybe just a little bit more important.
I'm going to stupid football game.
And have a little bit greater impact on our lives,
and your kids and their kids and all that other stuff.
Here's a call from Tampa. Hello.
Yeah, hey Neil. Yes sir.
I tell you, I think they're lowballing
on the number of DUIs between Bush and Shani.
They said they're straight now.
Yeah. I think they're lowballing.
Yeah.
Anyway, the thing on the military,
I don't know if there's been sight already,
but the coolest budget is double Bush's budget.
Right.
Military.
Uh-huh.
Bush would like to come up with more money for the military,
but he just can't find other countries that we can be involved with,
you know, and fight him on the map yet.
Can't go to Haiti.
But why don't you go back to Lebanon again?
One of the reasons it's double is because Bush
is skipping the next generation of weapons.
And it's not going to do him. We don't need him.
Yeah, he wants the Star Wars thing again.
Yeah. And by the way, up here in this area,
the turnout is very heavy.
Good. I was at some polls today.
The National County is very good for us.
Yeah. The spartus are voting and droves.
Oh, right.
I'm really proud of them.
The women are voting, I'd say, at least up in this area,
two to one over the men.
That's good.
Uh-huh.
And I want to take credit for this,
but it shows that if you like to see abortion recriminalized,
recriminalized, if you are for unrestrained logging and drilling
and for voluntary pollution control,
and if you're, if you favor more soft money and politics,
then the choice today is clear, vote, and later.
Right. Amen.
See ya.
Okay, thanks.
Yeah, Gloria Stein was on my side on Fox.
I was flipping all over the dial.
And she looked native and asked.
And she pointed out something that a lot of us had forgotten.
And that was that when he first started this reenparty run,
when he first got the run,
he made a pledge that he wasn't at a campaign
and any state way it could hurt Gore,
where it was that close.
And then all of a sudden, he became like a wounded little child.
And especially when the two parties got together
and set the rules for the debate,
and the fact that he only had five percent and not 15,
this qualified him and he can't anybody else for being in there.
Those were the rules.
And it wasn't just the Democrats, other Republicans,
they got together and decided.
There's only an hour and a half of the debate each one.
And as it was, we didn't hear a damn thing from either one of them.
So if he put three people in there,
what the hell would we have heard?
Was Parogadon, because at one point he was pulling over 30% and 92.
We believe it or not.
Yeah, 33% at one point.
Scary, innit?
Well, you got to roll up your sleeves and do, do, do.
Lift up the hood in the engine.
Best off those whole studies out there.
They've been sitting around for years,
dusting off.
Roll up the sleeves and do, do, do.
You see, the fact that that man could get 19% of the popular vote.
Talking ridiculous generalities.
It shows you number one or a lot of dumb people,
but also number two,
how desperate the American public really is for an alternative.
That's the one thing that Jesse Ventura and Muriel both got red on Parogadon,
King Rye's knife.
And that is that this country is desperate for third party,
not Ralph Nader, and his mouth contents over their way out there
in the fringe of the far left.
Not those people, they're talking cock-o.
A centrist populist party that makes sense.
And just like Jesse Ventura said,
he said the one thing that you got to love him for.
He's a social, liberal, and a fiscal conservative.
That's where it's at.
And like he said, that's where most of the American people are.
Most of the American public doesn't want to go to government inside women's rooms,
and inside their bed rooms, and they're telling them what to do in their personal lives.
They're not interested in that.
They don't want to live in a fascist, god damn police state.
And they also don't want the government pushing out money down the toilet,
like it's coming out of a faucet somewhere.
Fills go conservative, social, liberal.
Jesse Ventura, a zah man.
Now somebody sent me a ridiculous fascist,
and they said, oh, you should be ashamed of you if you're not writing in Jesse Ventura.
He said, if just a million of us could write that in, you know what?
That would be a million wasted votes.
First of all, he's not one, and that's number one.
And number two, what would that, what would that point be?
Another million wasted votes.
But after we care, after we protect America from the right way,
you know, that takes misrelaction, hopefully,
and there's a chance that could happen, then is the time.
Immediately, to start working on a meaningful third party.
Can you imagine what Jesse Ventura could have done to this election?
Can we even begin to imagine?
22 before 11 and 560 WQS.
The Neil Roger Show Sports Radio 560s.
QA.
America loves to watch burbs and butts and boinking.
Two full hours of the hottest talk on radio.
The doctor is him.
My doctor just go, my name is Mary, and I'm a third 10 followers.
Hello, Mary, and how may I help you?
Well, I feel a marijuana if I summed real.
I mean, I'm 14 and I'm concerned.
You should be concerned. Are you masturbating?
No. How would that help?
Manastubate and call me in a couple of weeks.
It will help. Trust me on that.
Hello, you're on the animal doctor, fiscal.
Hi, Dr. Visco.
Yes, it is.
Yes, my, Jerry, I talked to you a while ago.
I was having some financial problems with my business.
It was about to go under.
And how are things going now to business?
Well, I just had to tell you, you know, I started masturbating.
And business is going great. It's really picking up.
It's terrific.
I just wanted to thank you.
Terrific. You keep masturbating things will go well.
How long you're on the...
Dr. Visco, week is it new?
10.2, 3.5, 60, WQA.
And don't forget the best of the LCDs and cassettes.
Our expects all over town, also over Naples and 4 Myers-Dade Broward and Palm Beach.
And you can also get the CD's cassettes and those great key chains.
Do we have a key chain around here, Samar?
God, damn it, this thing.
www.wm.com or nearwadges.com on our website.
And also about calling Miguel at 305-650-156.
Did they do anything at that DLI Snyder?
I guess we're just not finding out anymore.
Remember how we used to have in the old days the big grease board with the number of changing and all of those things?
Stop living with the pounds.
Oh, that's right. Well, I don't know if he was living anyway.
And I guess that's no secret anymore.
Plus Miguel, he's busy getting laid.
Here's a mobile invoker. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
I voted Democrat and Goar, but the belloting was a little confusing.
If you looked at the left side of the page, you had a portion gore on the right side of the page.
You had Buchanan.
And if you didn't read it right, you could have voted for Buchanan by mistake.
Oh, boy.
Well, I stayed on the left to do what I mean.
Yeah, but on the middle of where you had the voting, you had where you punched.
Third one down is Goar, but if you accidentally punched the second belloting, you had to vote for Buchanan.
But anyway, Goar, when I hope we win.
And now let's see you and where you're in Bokka.
Yeah.
And how was the turn out there?
I was 10th in line when I voted early this morning.
Yeah.
And there was four lines and there was at least 50 people in the 20 after seven.
Excellent.
Okay, thanks a lot.
You're welcome.
Nice job.
1512 votes and I'll pull.
I'm just going to leave this thing up here.
Okay.
And then tomorrow we'll see just how it all turned out.
Maybe we'll see.
Because that business in California.
They critical state.
And another issue that has sort of been thrown into this entire race this year is that there are about 2.2 million absentee voters.
This particular year, that's about a million more than the last election.
So even though election might mean that tonight we may not know the results of what will happen here in California.
At least we're not a day or so.
Yeah, I'm saying the Oregon.
5.6705.60, 0.560 on it.
Would that be something if we had like a banana, both Republic waiting for days and days and days on end wallery like counting and making a few up and getting a few dead people to vote?
No worry about that.
We got some consultants in Chicago and in Miami.
We know how to get the dead people out.
Here's a mobile and bokeh.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Listen, I wanted to report.
I was in Palm Beach Garden.
There was at least 50, 60 people in there and I was hard to find the parking space.
Great.
So that's good.
And then I headed down to Boca today and there's a sky rider up over Boca right now.
He votes several things but the very first thing that he wrote and you can still see it if you're in this area was vote GW.
Okay.
Yeah.
Follow me.
Yeah.
Well, there must be high winds or something because the W transformed itself into almost a perfectly shaped swastika.
How do you like that?
Maybe maybe a god is looking down, huh?
Maybe a spillo gun.
Uh huh.
Just remember, vote George swastika.
Okay.
All right.
Thanks for the good news.
Here's the facts from Sean and Lighthouse.
Porter says recently my brother was diagnosed with a brain tumor.
Come to find out that are you 486 the abortion pills that treatment for tumors?
If Bush gets in, he's about to be purely approval of this drug preventing many sick people from receiving this very important medication.
How do you like that?
Which we don't like that.
And don't give me a solid advantage that Bush hadn't said that he would do it.
He started equivocating during the debates because that's one of his famous things.
He tells the right wing, uh, lunatics what they want to hear.
And then he comes out and he tells the public.
And I'm not saying that all politicians don't do that because grow and leave them and both do that to a certain extent, to a specific with big business.
But the fact is that we're not talking just about business there.
We're talking about human life.
We're talking about freedom.
That's what we're talking about.
Just like a crap about abortion.
Now instead of being the most anti-abortion governor in the country, now he lays it out as, well, we have to, you know, a big difference in opinion.
We have to change a lot of minds.
We have to make you an offer that you can't refuse.
And these people out there, anybody out there got a daughter besides George?
So, so you married women that don't seem very worked up about that issue because I guess you assume that you're not going to get pregnant again.
You're certainly not going to get raped because keep in mind that the constitutional amendment that they are in favor of.
That Bush and his colonies are promoting.
We prohibit any abortion.
Whether it has to do with life of the mother, incest, rape, face no difference, they love the fetus.
They want that fetus.
I don't know what they're going to do with it, but they want that fetus.
What if it's Satan's baby?
They're not right.
That's the message from God.
They're even more.
They want that.
They make some good movies with it.
Make some good cash.
Hey, what's up, Wendy?
Is there always looking for another way to make a few bucks?
Don't be shifted out.
Here's a mobile and baby.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how are you?
I'm doing good.
Listen, I don't get to listen to you as much as I want to, but the last time I listened to you, there was a guy calling up and saying who's voting for Bush because he liked the estate tax.
And what it was going to do for him.
This guy is a dope and so is Bush.
It will not affect him at all.
Everybody should know it's only going to affect 2% of the people, but Joe Robby's of the world.
Right.
And even taking that into consideration.
And he wants from Philadelphia, right?
And even taking that into consideration, it's not going to go into effect until 2010.
That's when it's going to be 100% implemented, 2010.
And he is the notion that it's going to help the average person is crazy.
So let's take an example.
You go ahead and you buy.
I don't know if I should bring this up.
You buy Citrix at 50.
No.
Yeah, you go, well, I have Citrix, too.
You buy Citrix at 50.
You die when it's at 100.
I'm dying when it's at 100.
I was dying.
You die when it's at 100 and your air is inherited at 100.
They sell at 110.
Right now, they will pay the difference between 100 and 110.
Under the Bush's program, your airs are going to pay taxes from 50.
And he is a liar.
He is such a liar.
The only people it's going to help is the people like Joe Rodney,
where they wouldn't have to sell their assets.
He's just a liar taking the consideration about he was got caught for DUI,
or whatever that was, 20 years ago, 30 years ago.
He's attacking Clinton for not being truthful.
The guy's a liar.
Yeah, well, and how come I'd like to know how come it is that this last
disappeared year of his military service.
Nobody in the media really wants to talk about that.
They make some kind of veil reference and some
they made a couple of comments about the Boston Goldwater,
which is a big front page story.
But again, he gets off the hook.
I just don't understand the free pass that the media been giving him.
I think he's a bum, and I hope he got it.
He doesn't get a lesson.
No, go vote again.
Thanks a lot.
You know, just like yesterday, they had that story from Wisconsin,
from Milwaukee.
You see that story about the, and the first day,
they didn't identify who was.
The Gore people, the Democrats, are going and getting the homeless people
and buying their votes with cigarettes.
Well, come to find out there was a woman from New York City,
who was a big rock contributor.
She gave 150 grand for the campaign, got carried away.
They had no idea she's going to show up in Wisconsin.
I don't know what she was doing there.
And she was going around to the homeless shelter offering
curtains of cigarettes if she could get these people out there to vote for Gore.
So that every time some wacko individual goes off the deep end,
is if it doesn't happen on all sides, which of course it does.
But every time something happens, oh, it's the Democratic dirty.
It ticks again.
It's, you know, that just like the thing with the DUI.
How they turned that around.
And the question wasn't who leaked it or the timing of it.
The question is, it was the truth.
Did he cover it up and did he lie about it?
And I still also don't understand how come the interview with the guy
from the Dallas Morning News, Lane Slater,
how come we haven't heard much more about that?
Every time Al Gore in the last three months,
every time he fights and it's the wrong of wrong of us,
oh my God, the media, they're on the phone.
But the White House, they want to know what he had for breakfast.
Something's rotten in Denmark.
Something's rotten in his ear.
Pishky.
Yeah.
But this tough one, guy, it's unbelievable.
Vanished in the National Guard last year and no,
what is it?
And his Ross Perron, they're talking about military service.
That little BDI tourpia last week.
I had a great line about who's listening to Ross Perron.
He said, nobody's listening him anymore.
Said maybe Larry King.
Yeah.
He's got his head so far up, everybody says.
Anybody who'll come out at you and suck around with him,
he's got his head up the rest.
If Hitler could come back to life, Larry D in there,
he might ask him a tough question to all the way down to.
Nice mustache.
560, 7.0560, Palm 560 on the ATM3 and Perron's and Rylos Live.
Let's palm B, chill out.
How are you doing, Neil?
I'm doing great.
You know, truth once again, that all these scoops are here
in West Palm Beach and all around over there in Miami.
You never underestimate the power of the Nile.
The truth is right in front of their faces and they don't want to see it.
I got family members, I'm telling them, do you see what's going on?
Do you know what's going on?
They don't care.
They're just making all that up.
Yeah.
Right.
And Bob goes a hand model.
That doesn't make any goddamn sense.
All I know is I'm going to go and go for a go at about four or five different times.
I heard that Bob Dool is now a penis model.
Are you blind here?
I'm doing this model, yeah.
He's doing it before and after it.
Oh, God, Neil.
Help us all.
Good luck, pal.
Okay, give us a helping hand.
560, 7.0560, Palm 560 on the ATM3.
Well, as you might want to find out just how they're, I'm telling you,
it looks like we're going to have a massive turnout.
It's gigantic, humongous.
Well, there's a really julianny.
We hope you will get well, Rudy.
Just get out of our face.
Go stand a size time square a little bit more.
We'll clean up New York in the baton to a younger, less famous.
There's Bob.
And I'm going to take a Bubba and Swirl with us showing that we've seen this a million times on MSNBC this morning.
Last night during the King Hour, they headed to Scott.
A brief for a couple minutes.
They were talking about the fact that Bubba was a 62% job approval rating.
Swirl is popular.
In spite of the fact about the character that pulled all the,
he's still tremendously popular on a personal basis.
And so they were, they were constantly around the idea that he could run for a third term,
that he'd be elected again.
And John Glenn said that he would be Alan Simpson, the retired Republican Senator from Wyoming said,
yes, he agrees.
Maria Komo said there's no question about it.
And where he said,
I'm just going to show Steve Ellis.
Yeah.
Just like I've been saying.
So for all the Bubba knockers out there and all the Bubba Myces,
and all these people are all still better than shape over Monica.
In fact, they couldn't nail his ass for a few gold jobs.
Yes, what?
The American people loves Bubba.
They love him.
And rightfully so.
Here's a lady in Fort Lauderdale, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
I'm sure you're aware that everybody in Washington State, Northern, those by mail.
Right.
That's when you do that now.
Uh-huh.
And I'm not surprised to see people in California doing that.
But I'm surprised that I voted at some key.
And I can't understand why I've practically everybody does.
Because you don't have to give a reason anymore.
You just call up the supervisor of elections.
You want an absentee dollar for any election.
And that's an amortary.
Uh-huh.
And you can fill it out at your leisure.
And send it back in.
You don't have to go standing online.
Well, I had more fun going there.
Because I haven't voted in so long.
I can't remember the last time I did.
So I just enjoyed going to this morning.
It gave me more of a feel of really voting.
You know what I mean?
Yes, if you have the leisure to do that, a lot of people don't.
Right.
They don't vote because they say, you know, whatever, you know, it's too hard to do.
Well, I don't know.
You say I had the leisure.
I got up at 5.30 this morning.
I was opening the poll.
So, you know, you didn't have to go at that particular time.
You could have gone after your work or whatever.
That's true.
That's what I mean.
It's an act meant that you had the leisure to do it when you felt like it.
Right.
But you can do it for entertainment.
But a lot of people, you know, don't, you know, because one thing or another,
they're figuring, on the organ and the Washington,
they should have at least 80%.
And you know, Arizona is then experimenting with
and local elections is doing the voting on the Internet.
And it's a very good result for that.
Yeah, but I don't like that idea.
There are too many computer hackers out there that too many wise guys that will find a way
to break through.
The internet is still too much in its impency to trust that for us.
Well, eventually they'll do it.
Eventually, yeah.
Yeah.
Okay, so you would have to have a great day.
You too.
Bye-bye.
10.56.56.56.56.
4.30.05.60.
W-Q-A-F-I-H-E-Quart-Ludderdale.
A measly broadcast group station, W-Q-A-M.com.
Or the world.
Will you first back him?
This ain't a song about a happy couple.
We got married, my wife's weight double.
I was like a tree and she's got a big touch.
Her stomach's so fast, he's had a coveted bush.
It's my wife.
I know she's that kind.
She got born in that China dump.
If she's not me, I won't survive.
If my wife, when she sits around on how she really sits around on how she feels, if she sits on me, I won't survive.
If my wife, when she sits around on how she feels, if she sits on me, I won't survive.
1-0-2-5-60-W2-M.
We got Hank in the building there too.
I guarantee Hank's vote in 708 times before today.
That's the room where I'm here.
Hank with Robert Jones, 5-6 o'clock.
I guarantee you Robert Jones, he'd be voting for Gore.
I don't want to say that, but I would think so.
Although of course, Bruce Davis, he's a good old Texas boy.
Bruce Davis, he's out there pushing the bush.
Bruce Shambles, 6 o'clock.
Do we have any idea who Bruce is voting for?
Never had any political conversation with him.
He's a pretty bright guy.
I would assume he's voting for Gore.
Ed Kaplan, 10 o'clock tonight, Eddie Kay.
He's voting for Gore.
Yeah!
Last time I heard, and the good news is,
Joe Rose, that little girl on the morning show, he'd not vote at all.
Last we heard he was busy, too, and I'd be voting for Ben, you know, coming out of the closet,
voting for Gore on the year.
How come you do that?
And Geltar was right there.
I got to say, Geltar actually had a beefers ass this morning.
He's alternating.
Look, that little girl, Joe Rose, who ordinarily, you know, would go out there and vote for Borschewing,
because he'd be putting him in a lockbox.
5-6-7-0-5-60, 0.5-60 on the AT&T and for eyes of wireless line.
Mobile and sunrise, hello.
Yeah, and the up?
Yes, sir.
Hey, a little funny story this morning.
My wife went to the polls and our neighbor was there, and she's a Republican.
And she had mentioned to my wife while they were standing online that she had received an ass of T-Ballet from the Webster,
while to fill out the sun then.
So when she got up to the old lady who were checking her in, they wouldn't let her vote,
because they had a lockbox at some scene.
And she said that she didn't request an ass of T-Ballet.
She just got, she said that all of the Republicans got one from the Jester.
So that might explain why there's so many ass of T-Ballet's out there for Republicans.
And maybe some people are just dealing with that this morning,
and that they're not letting them vote at the polling place,
because they have a mark to have an ass of T-Ballet.
Uh-huh.
Okay.
Thank you, sir.
All right, have a good day.
And back to you.
Here's the fact that I agree with you.
I think Rose, your download is a fat, untalented, humanoid.
But she deserves a lot of credit in her standard of playing Barbara Streisand,
four-minute pitch to vote for Al Gore.
On Friday, Streisand was on 2020, being interviewed by Barbara Wallaw.
She went on with the agreement that they will play her endorsement ADC owned by Disney,
cut it to about 30 seconds.
O'Donnell found out about it and demanded her bosses that they let her play it on her show,
where she walks.
Her ratings are strong, and the haunchers caved in.
I salute O'Donnell.
What a surprise that Disney owned company asked the way that they did, and I said her in so on.
Says, wait a go, fat ass Rosie.
I scored fat ass Rosie.
And let that Chuck Heston have it again, too, while you're at it.
Yeah.
Wait until you hear this, George.
Here's the final CBS poll.
Bush 44.
Core 45.
That's their final nationwide poll.
Now, anybody who can't see the momentum, can't see the way that the pendulum has been swinging
over the weekend in these last couple days, very slowly, very suddenly.
Maybe that DWR, maybe that had something to do with it, maybe not.
Possibly not.
Maybe the fact that a lot of those independent democratic-leaving voters decided to come home.
They took a look at the dumb eye, that the alternative, the dumb, dumb alternative, dumb dumb.
And they said, now we don't think so.
And of course, definitely some of the native people have said, I'm not going to waste my vote this time.
If we believe in the native, we believe in the Green Party, let's work on it after this election,
because he's not going to win right now, and there's a lot of work to be done.
But we're not going to be a participant in helping to elect someone who is diametrically opposed to everything that we stand for from the environment to individual freedoms to you name it.
Not to mention, of course, he's a kinship with everybody in big business, from the tobacco companies to pharmaceuticals, and the guy that amore companies, the insurance companies, and on and on the course, and endless worst.
Because what's faces, does anybody with a brain say, hey, let's just make it voluntary to comply with those EPA standards, huh?
Yeah, those are the right things.
Yeah, they'll do the right thing, and how come I can't see anybody that I'm talking to, we're also all up pollution in here.
I understand, in fact, it's a good thing to do what there wasn't an A.A. thing in Houston, that won't have an A.A. big bash.
Or at least then he did not equal footing with everybody else, because nobody could have seen the damn thing.
Final CDS pull, push 44 and grow 45.
It's enough to make you start salivating.
Here's Kate Coral, hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing?
All right.
Took the wife and myself down the road, and this morning, and it was around 830 or so, but there was nobody there, anyone that was there was just about over 68 tanks.
So that's good.
We went for a go, but of course, you know, in the States, and I think we need some help from everywhere else except the West Coast over here.
Right, Kate Coral, the fact that people are voting, you take Coral as a sensational sign.
That's the best news I heard all year.
Hopefully all the old Republicans will stay in all.
Keeper than a lockbox pound.
Yeah, I'm just over here holding up for 2004, hopefully just see the body, I'll get on the ticket.
There you go, right?
He's got my vote.
In the meantime, I'm holding it.
All right, thank you.
Kate Coral, an out of vote, and Kate Coral, let's hear it.
That's some more good news.
Everything seems to be falling into place.
And don't get sucked in by this propaganda that the right wingers keep spreading about.
Wow, you know, the Republicans are really energized, and they're the ones that are going to really turn out.
That's what I said to that.
That's a pile of crap.
They don't want the big turn out.
No, no, no, no.
What kind of garbage they'll pedal to you.
They don't want the big turn out.
They're terrified of it.
Especially women and darkies.
That's what they're really worried about.
You dark folks out there.
Here's a chance to flex your muscle, baby.
You don't want a bunch of right wing lunatic judges in there.
If you don't want to have whatever progress you believe in, turn back 20, 30 years,
which you can ill afford at this point or any point, then please get off your dead ass.
Just general, a whole bunch of your enables in there.
And that's what I'm going to drive.
That little brown corolla and just get on down there.
Get over there.
Do it.
CBS pull.
Let me ask that.
It's unbelievable.
Because every other pool, every single other pool had been including the MSNBC had been for Bush the last 10 days.
Until these last couple of days and now that Pendle must answer me.
And wouldn't that be ashamed if people were like celebrating prematurely in New Hampshire back at Republican primaries,
made asses of themselves again by a little premature evaluation once more?
I'm Mrs. Amner this morning saying, well, see, they must be really confident.
I'm here to bush people on their thanking people already.
Gore is sweating his brains out and the pitching for votes and the bushes on our thanking people.
Yeah, thank you and luck heads like you, I'm a 500 year old man in the chair.
Yeah, dead man in the chair.
We've been pumping his audience to their full Hillary so they have some good material to talk about for the next six years.
But admit that he couldn't do it this morning.
Couldn't pull the trigger.
Because this morning, place the booth was broken down so they had to get my paper ballot and they had to fill in little acrylic or thing.
They were in the circle.
Sure.
And he couldn't do it for Hillary.
So he voted for Lanzio.
And I'll say it again, as much as it does really affect us and affects the entire US Senate.
And of course, really ahead by 19 points in the state of New York, what kind of chance could Lanzio possibly have?
Even as many people are despised Hillary like poison.
I think they bring a bunch of Arabs in from a newborn.
Nine minutes after a lot of the 560 WQF.
Hillary, child and coming.
Oh right.
I'm going to be a part of the election.
Now, not the visit that we did it to.
You just want one of these.
It's a secret and blue.
To come and stay.
To fill the budget on these.
Let's importate the 560 WQF.
Thanks for the birthday cards.
By the way, thanks to Kevin who sent me a birthday fax.
Kevin, that's the accurate computer cabling ink.
You know, as you're going to your polling place today, I sure hope that all of you do, if you can.
Just ask yourself one very simple question.
You really want somebody this stupid to be your president.
Here are some more great bushers and these are all documented with dates, locations.
Redwood, California, September 27th this year.
He says I will have a forehanded foreign policy.
Sagittall Michigan, September 29th.
I know the human being in fish can coexist peacefully.
On Gorsetang's plane in Greensboro, North Carolina, October 10th, he says it's going to require numerous IRA agents.
He says I mean there needs to be a wholesale effort against racial profiling, which is a little bit children in the second presidential debate.
Los Angeles, September 27th, he said one of the common denominators I have found is that expectations rise above the budget.
And that which is expected.
Beaverton, Oregon, September 25th, he said it is clear our nation is relied upon big four and oil.
More and more of our imports come from overseas.
Yeah.
Well, they could be importing them from like underground, I guess.
Haven't you ever thought those underground look up in the past?
On Oprah, he says I am a person who recognizes the fallacy of humans.
He says the tax cut is really one of the anecdotes to coming out of an economic illness.
Anectotes.
Uh huh.
In Orlando, September 12th, I don't think we need to be sublippable about the differences between our views and prescription drugs.
I got to make sure I got the right page over here.
This is too good to pass up on this one.
Here it is.
He says we cannot let terrorists and rogue nations hold this nation hostile or hold our allies hostile.
And you know what all boils down to?
He's a moron.
That's what it boils down to.
He is one of the dumbest people ever to be in a position of running for the president.
Keep in mind, I'm talking about running for president and having a chance to win.
Zero four wasn't erected.
He was appointed.
I beg your pardon?
Okay, here you go.
And then he was defeated by a totally inept man named Jimmy Carter in 76, which was a tragedy, but that shows your hostile to zero four was.
Couldn't walk into the moment the same time.
I don't think this guy can just find a way to stick the gum.
You know I'm talking about?
Back then.
How to honor the method.
I think the question is can he drink into the moment the same time?
Here's cool gables.
Hello?
Any?
Yes sir.
You read things on the air that you don't know whether they're true or not.
What does that mean?
They're all documented with footnotes.
They have a little thing on the bottom and you just take their word for it.
Yeah, they just made them all up.
Okay, go without your ass pal.
We just made these up.
I've heard many of them on my self and I've also seen them show the clips of them uttering the words myself.
Just like that crap about next thing that will be telling you social security.
I don't know.
He says, these social security.
He calls it these social security is a federal government program.
They want you to believe these social security is a federal program.
The man is illiterate sir.
He's a dumb bowl.
This isn't something that people are making up.
These are the actual words that came from his mouth.
As amazing as it is.
As astonishing and hard as it is to believe.
And somebody tried to tell George was just telling me that before going on vacation somebody called off the other time.
I should stop reading these because these are Dan Quill quotes.
I think they make a news to you.
Number one, these quotes are all dated and documented as to where and when they were made.
And number two, Dan Quill was a rocket scientist who converted to this guy.
And that's scary.
Dan Quill was a moron and he was a rocket scientist compared to W.
So if you don't want to believe it, go right out there and hope for somebody that's never the new one.
It'll make you feel better than yourself.
Some of these really well equipped to make decisions about peace and foreign policy and about economics.
Not.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Leo. Yes sir.
I was at my precinct earlier.
Very heavy democratic precinct.
Packed to the rest first.
Great.
Hey, one thing I did notice the boys counts on the Christian goal is you're not aggravating the gaze.
Really?
They are trying to refuel the day county human rights law.
Yeah, we know that.
And they are the language that they're using.
One of those guys that was there said, well, you support the gay rights.
They're showing the boys cap.
The other one they're finding you they're calling back to the other language.
Signed this to preserve equal rights for gays.
Signed this to preserve equal rights for gays.
Yes. So basically, you know, they're going back to the special rights thing.
Oh, they're going back to the special rights thing.
Oh, they're going back to the special rights thing.
They're being dishonest.
They're being, you know, totally dishonest.
They're trying to lure people in because they can't get most people to sign that crap.
That was the problem last time.
And I think they'll fail again this time.
Oh, one of my friends, they were really interesting because he did see students of volunteer work for the organization that's fighting them.
And they call them every name in the book.
Your gay.
Yeah.
Yeah, they thought the ex-head of police out there a couple of times.
Well, like I said, those are those great good Christians, man.
The most evil people in America.
Those wonderful evangelical Christians.
Those wingnuts.
And unfortunately, we're going to have one of them as president.
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
I hope to help with you because I'm one of, I'm like you.
I'm one of your fellow clears.
Yeah.
So it's like I am here.
Okay.
So I got my passport ready.
I'm ready to start seeing old Canada.
Okay, screws are tight now.
Okay.
Now I'll see you in Toronto.
See you on church, 3D.
5, 6705, 60, 05, 560 on the 18T and for lives in Marlos, line.
After dropping my kids off, here's Marlene in the Pember Pine,
sends me a faxist.
After dropping my kids off at their elementary school,
I drove to my election place,
Walter C. Young Middle School in Pember Pine.
I waited in line for now.
I was in the chance of the middle school students,
vote for or vote for or and I did.
Nice call, Marlene.
Hey, look at that.
Let's hear it for Pember Pine's middle school.
Walter C. Young Middle School.
Whatever it is.
Now, I see a dude in hearing what's been very disturbing to me
is these polls they take at the kids.
There was the one on Nickelodeon.
And then there was the other Nationwide one with a million and a half kids who voted on it.
Because these are kids from grades 1 through 12.
And usually you assume that kids vote the way their parents brainwashed them to do it.
And Bush won those polls overwhelmingly.
One of them was like over 62%, like 62-36, something like that.
And if that of course is the case,
then we don't really have a close race.
We're first supposed to believe that.
Do I believe it?
No.
No, because I think you believe whatever you want to believe.
And this is the kind of election where you can believe whatever you want to believe.
You can believe it's going to be a landslide for Bush.
You can believe that Goers are going to pull it out.
You can believe that it's going to be like a razorfinch until three in the morning or maybe the next day.
And any of these things, all of these things are possibility.
Because nobody knows.
Nobody knows the trouble we've seen.
Here's Coconut Creek. Hello?
No. Yes, sir.
I saw two things that I wanted to meet to smit myself.
Okay.
The skywriters said,
Well, God vote Bush.
And then a bumper sticker that said God done country for us 2000.
What can you say that besides Yahoo?
Yahoo and Eeeh.
Eeeh.
Okay. Eeeh.
Okay, nice, pal.
Yeah, God guns country, booze.
You know what that inspires me to play?
Which I think fits right in.
Hi, I'm Ed Buford.
A Buford dance liquor and guns.
We have the largest selection of booze and firearms in the state and will personally assist you in choosing a truck
of alcoholic double-jabble weapons for your next party.
Holy swear I'm rotten.
And you'll love our low prices on schnapps and hang grenades.
Look at the city.
Shut the fuck out, deal on hands on the California one.
Maybe you aren't interested in not Northsepp defense.
Maybe you just like to get drunk and shoot a mailbox.
Well, we've got gallon jabs of wild turkey and 44 magnum shells on sale.
This week only.
We'll open 24 hours.
We've never checked IDs and we're in our approved.
So come on down to Buford dance liquor and guns where everything leaves loaded.
Okay, how you doing, Georgia?
22 after you're out of the five 60 WQM.
Hank Loverg II was Robert Jones at five.
And he had a bookshelvia six ed. K at 10.
Nice clean line up.
No ball games to mess it up here today.
No panting games.
See that big tree?
Oh, Greg Adams just turned 122 years old and team up with the eagle area.
We may not be the best but we're working to get to be the oldest.
Nice going, Marie boys.
I would say to somebody yesterday they'd be a great idea to be talking about getting Valerie Brey,
Pavelle's brother from Calgary.
Actually let's trade the Murray for the breweries.
That's what I say.
What are you saying?
Here's a mobile and sunrise.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes sir.
Oh yeah, how you doing?
All right.
I just voted over and sunrise there.
I got the baby at 3.4.92 and there's about 50-60 people in line.
Like I say, they were told the way I voted.
We voted our conscious country.
We voted for Bush because we're sick of the baby killing homos in that area.
I know.
I'm doing the forced issues in that place.
I'd like to take all the way with Bush in 2000.
Okay, baby killing homos.
Okay, thanks.
There's one of your good Bush people right there.
See, and they think that by doing that that that's going to help their cause, every time we get a call just like that, it helps to grow people.
Because again, it pops right into your mind if you're a new car listening right now, make you run away to vote.
This is what they're all about.
The peddlers of hate and intolerance.
If you're not just like them, if you're not one of those people hanging out with you for some liquor and guns, just like them.
See, at first he starts out by telling us he's in sunrise and then he says, baby, I guess it's baby.
Well, he doesn't even know where the hell he is.
Do we believe anything he said?
Plus, of course, he tells us that everybody else that was voting a certain way.
See, one thing you'll notice in the polling place, like I said, I haven't voted for years, is that they have the little booth.
You go in there, you put your car in, under the thing there, you stick the word, got the two little buttons, and you punch it.
Nobody stands over your shoulder, nobody can see what you're doing. Nobody is asking and telling them nothing like that.
They all respect the fact that it's a private thing and to do your thing and everybody's just pleasant and how you're doing and that's it.
Hello, goodbye.
Hello, this is President Zekka.
Not quite.
Here's a mobile in Washington. Hello.
Hi, there, Neil. How are you?
Great. It's been such a long time since we've got any verbal intercourse.
I wanted to talk to you about a couple of organizations that are on the internet, ballotwatch.org.
And I picked up yours realchains.org. I could not believe all the stuff on W.
It was not only unbelievable, but it was hysterical on top of it.
Right.
What a total utter moron this guy is. And there's another issue that no one I've heard discussed.
And that's the Silverado in the Sydenes and Lonescan with the Jumboons.
That was also a Georgia W.
Of which he never spent that day in jail or a day in court over.
I got a couple of friends of mine that are retirees up in Boyton Beach. They have no pension because of W.
Because of the Sydenes and Lonescan, if you remember that, back in 1870.
Yeah, and I remember his brother, Neil Law, was up through the Blue Zero Lopes too.
Yeah, there wasn't a whole lot of mention of that during the last political campaign.
The way the voters were turning out in the West this morning, a lot of women out there voting.
It was a pretty good turnout.
Didn't see too many women in the plantation makers this morning. A lot of men.
Surprising.
Yeah.
Surprising. But the other interesting thing about ballotwatch.org, all the referendum and all the issues that we're supposed to be voting on in the book today about the bullet train and all the other nonsense.
Oh, I'm glad you mentioned that. Just say to the bullet train, I voted against that.
Yeah, I voted everything else down because not only was it confusing a lot of legal double talking nonsense, but what I locked on the ballotwatch.org, we couldn't find a lot of information about where they were supposed to be getting the money, who was going to be appropriate.
Oh, they have no idea. That's why it's ludicrous. It's pying the sky. They haven't even told anybody where they're planning on getting the money. It's just nonsense.
Well, not only about the bullet train, but the other issues as well. Yeah.
Anyway, it's too bad. I've been trying to get all of you for a couple days. I wanted to know if you could spend any time because a lot of the people that listen to show, I'm glad that they're listening. I'm glad a lot of them are going to go out and vote democratic.
But a lot of them just don't have the sense to read through what is the real bottom line of all those issues. For example, as you said, the bullet train.
A lot of people thought, oh, it sounds like a good idea. I think of what the parks. Where are they going to get the money for the $400 million in parks? Is it a federal program? Is it a county program? Is it a state program?
We don't have a tax in Florida right now.
Fine. That's fine.
But frankly, I don't want one. You know, I don't want to hear that if it's a temporary thing because once the federal government gets a chance, they'll legally take your money, they'll take it and take it and you'll never get it back.
Okay. I got a one. Thanks. Thanks, buddy.
27 after 11 at 560 WQM.
But Neil Rogers show sports radio. 560s.
You and letting go now to your closing statements, Governor Bush's first thank you, Jim.
What I care about is failure and you know what? It can happen in America with the right kind of leadership.
Surely this nation can come together to encourage doctors to take the lives of our seniors.
Can I comment on that?
I would sign a law banning that procedure. If I'm entrusted with the presidency, here are the choices that I will make.
I'll cut health care, prescription drugs, education and national defense, put our budget into deficit, raise interest rate.
I can't let the man, I can't let the man continue.
I believe that a Governor Bush is a national asset.
That's just totally false.
I'll wait a minute. It's just totally false.
I understand up here and say that I keep Governor Bush.
No, I'm not President Gore. Thank you.
I'm a 32 and as another guy that really hurt the cause too is that Jim Lara with those marshmallow questions.
And that three debate where he couldn't find one question about abortion or almost anything else of substance.
And just kept rehashing the same crap about the tax cut and social security.
And then the one far too that got up there and asked Bush are you proud of executing all those people?
Anyway, Paul McKiano writes again, we're getting back to the military service that last missing year.
He says in his book is our children learning. He says, I don't believe Bush. Call me skeptical, but I'm going with the word of a retired general.
And I'm just guessing that a retired general from Alabama is not a raving leftist.
A couple of kernels and hundreds of pages of records.
With the exception of Bush's impossible denials, the record here is quite clear.
Bush avoided going to Vietnam by securing a coveted spot in the Texas Air National Guard.
While stationed in Texas, he performed hazard as duty honorably.
But when he requested and received this transfer to Alabama, he did little or nothing to fulfill his duty.
The fact that he was honorably discharged only means that he got away with it.
Back in the second world war, a little private from Detroit didn't show up for duty.
His father was not a powerful congressman, and his grandfather was not in a senator.
His family did not have a majestic mansion in the surf-pounded cliffs of Kitabunkport, Maine.
Private Eddie Slowback deserted and Eddie Slowback was shot by a firing squad.
Plus proving once more the enduring lesson of W's life, it's good to be a Bush.
I'm not excusing Bush of desertion, mind you.
He was not on active duty much less in combat.
But it's pretty clear that the man who pontificates about how when he takes the oath of office as president,
he'll restore honor and dignity as a presidency, did not fulfill his oath of office as a first lieutenant in the Texas Air National Guard.
And let me say it again, for any doubting commissars, he didn't show up for his last year in Alabama.
There isn't one person that they can find who can document him being there for one solitary second.
So here's a guy who admits to being a drinker and quarouser, a drunk until he was 40 years old,
and keep in mind that the DWI that was 24 years ago, that didn't stop the drinking.
We don't know how many other episodes because he won't tell us.
Admit to being a drunk and a quarouser until he was 40 years old, skipped out on his last year in the National Guard,
and here's a man who's going to restore honor and dignity to the White House because of the fact that he found Jesus.
I don't think so.
Here's a lady in Fort Waterdale, huh?
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
My husband and I just put back on the boat and we both voted the state Democratic ticket at Imperial Point Hospital.
That's where we both.
But the thing I want to say is, if Bruce Wands, I'm going to feel just like I felt when OJ, the killer, was acquitted.
You remember that day?
Yes.
Well, I think Bruce's going to win.
I thank you.
Okay, and have a great day.
Thank you.
56705-505-505-60 on the AT&T and Verizon Marlos line.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
How you doing, now?
Okay.
Hey, well, I'm calling a dictionary.
I've been driving around in most of the Black area, click pre-think, and I'm going to tell you, the voter turnout is extremely heavy.
Really?
It is absolutely high, and everyone I speak to is very enthusiastic about it.
There's more than just this time around than I've ever seen it.
And it shows by the amount of people that are showing up at the polls this morning.
I mean, usually long lines and people are getting out.
They are getting off there, but it's been voting this time around.
But what I've only called about is to say that, it seems as if what's causing this is the fact that
there's something about George Bush that just doesn't resonate.
I mean, it seems that there's a protective shield around him, and that the media for some unknown reason
don't want to penetrate this shield to let the other people know what this guy is all about.
And it seems as if I can't touch it.
I'm working at it.
I see it there, but I can't quite put my finger on it as to what it is.
Now, get your flying pan and try to scratch that test line, and see if it's not an easy thing to do.
Oh, and one more thing.
Now, he says that with his drinking problem there, that he's a changed man.
But how many people are on his death row in Texas that they would change people and he put them away.
No, that doesn't count.
I don't even know.
Good call.
Let you know that the black folks are out and they are voting.
Excellent news.
The other name wasn't Bush.
There's people on that show.
That was the problem.
Never heard the burning bush.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T, and provides a wireless line.
Here's cover read, tell him.
I do.
Yes sir.
What have you been to get the death penalty on this guy?
What?
You may get a sound like you're against the death penalty.
No, I'm against executing people on number one we are retarded.
I'm against executing people whose attorneys slept through the trial of the public defenders.
I'm against executing people really nearly so to speak, just like they were public in Governor Villanois.
Okay.
I'm only for native but I'm going to tell you why Bush is going to win the election.
The American public is sick of the common sending celebrities who are out of touch with us telling us what we should do.
They have a sending celebrities.
They are all like 100 people waiting around there for native.
Those don't count.
Now it's like Patty Smith.
How about all the other celebrities that are up there for native lives?
They are on the right.
They are on the right.
They are on the right.
Now where the hell is he?
There's a whole state of them.
How about Phil Donahue, sir?
I think you got to think about him.
I think you got to think about him.
Phil Donahue is not one of his year-year pop culture celebrities right now.
Pop culture celebrities.
So how the other is it makes a difference why Error that comes from?
Is that what it is?
Okay.
One more point is...
Well, what is Phil Donahue if he wasn't an entertainer?
What was he?
Oh, but who knows Phil Donahue now?
Who knows Phil Donahue?
I mean, he's been by the 30-year-old.
Anybody who's got a vote, if you don't know who Phil Donahue is, he should be...
I know who he is.
I know who he is.
So nobody you're talking about?
I'm also talking about anybody...
Anybody who's a celebrity that's where Goura Bush is bad, and anybody who's a celebrity
who's for Nader is good.
Is that what you're saying?
I just noticed the last week you said all the polls are wrong.
Now you're saying all the polls are right.
I didn't say that at all.
Did I say several times that anything could happen?
We have no idea.
Did I say that?
Oh.
Ah, ha, ha, ha.
Don't confuse this guy with the facts.
And that's another Nader right there for you.
Go ahead, throw your voter wasted.
In fact, just take your voter registration card and burn it while you make the same effort.
Make no difference.
Have the same impact.
5667-0560, 05-560 on EAT&T, and Verizon Wireless Launch.
21 to Lunat UAM.
This is 560-CWF.
Some of you drive your breath so beautiful.
This is a story of a girl who shouts nothing.
I'm a Nick's old.
She got, got, got, got, got it all.
Why does Bobby ride?
She can't smile.
It's what she was waiting for.
And now she is the wealthy.
This is for the girl.
That's because she's so lucky.
My grandpa and his dad died, died, died.
That's it.
Oh, it's far thinking.
If I were to do that, I'll stop her.
I deserve 460 mils.
144-560-WQAM.
560-705-60, 05-560 on EAT&T, and Verizon Wireless Launch.
1596 votes on our pool.
Al Gore 1147-72%.
George W.
290-218%.
Nader 79.
4.9%.
Harry Brown, 55-2.4%.
Do we believe the Harry Brown?
No.
Papu can't in 23.
1.4%.
Here's Waterhill.
Hello.
How you doing, Neil?
I'm doing good.
I saw the turnout today.
It looks pretty good.
But I'll tell you something.
I'm a little taped off.
You know, I've been putting signs up all week long.
I put about 100 of them out there.
Every time I go out there, they're ripped down and bush people put their stuff.
And I know other people have gone through the same process.
I can't understand how anybody in this country can vote for someone who can't even respect the democratic process.
Their signs are left alone.
They can't even respect art.
You know, our rights who have a choice, they've got to go and act like Yahoo!
Who doesn't start tearing things up?
No, they're not acting like Yahoo!
Who's they just being Yahoo?
Yeah, that's exactly what they are.
It is acting naturally.
And it's like people should get really angry about this.
And I just like to say, if you haven't gone to the polls yet, go to the polls.
Call somebody up.
And take them to the polls.
Ask them if they've gotten their...
...and they get them there.
And let's beat this guy into the ground.
And I also wanted to find out that you need the poll riot.
And I'm going to make numbers again because I got them.
Well, I got them here, so I got them right here.
And that you reminded me, though.
All right, let's kid everybody out there, man.
I mean, these people are like fashers.
I mean, even Georgia Bush talks like a fashers.
If you listen to them, if you've ever read Hitler's speeches, he's got the same kind of platitudes.
Hello?
Alan Hammersman.
Yeah, he's got the same kind of platitudes and generalities.
You know what I'm saying?
It's amazing.
He's got that same kind of quality to it without the personality.
Okay, listen, good luck to us.
Thanks, sir.
Okay, free rides to the polls.
If you don't have a way to get to the polls, but you'd like to vote today if you registered,
Dave County, call us number.
They'll get you there.
305-354-2770.
354-2770 in Dave County.
If you live in Broward County, 954-923-8488.
923-8488, and Palm Beach County 561-279-4466.
279-4466 in Palm Beach.
Do it.
Don't just sit on your ass.
Here is the Miami Springs.
Hello?
Hey, let's let you know that our family is all diagonal in the church.
Oh, yeah, this is the no-facin' church.
People inside the church.
The church is a bush going to win.
Yeah.
Yeah, our family voted.
And you're a good.
Your family did they come out of the cave long enough to do it?
How'd that happen?
Cave, may you do jealous.
You know what I'd like to tell you seriously.
After all these idiotic calls over the last three years,
I just wanted to tell you one thing.
Are you listening?
Yes, you're gay.
567-0560, Palm 560 on the AT&T,
and Verizon Wireless Line.
So evidently, he must have got out of the church because that's the guy that's here.
People inside the church.
And congratulations for making it on our great and best-in-eal buttons, too.
People inside the church.
How do you like that?
That's in Oldman.
And George, this must be our lucky day.
I mean, that could have been any one of those that came up there, but it was.
People inside the church.
Yeah.
That's an almond, baby.
Things are looking up.
We should set his name in address, but it was in sentiment.
And you know something I tell you.
You can always tell when the right wingers are starting to get really panicky
because now they're rattling their spears.
Wait, wait till you look at this.
I want you to look at this thing that I just got in the fire machine.
Which I wouldn't dignify by discussing on here.
But you can always tell when a rabid right wingers are starting to squeeze themselves a lot.
And getting real nervous.
I mean, this is the tip off right here.
560-560, Tom 560 on the AT&T.
And Verizon Wireless Line.
Here's Fort Myers, hello.
Yeah, Neil, here's the Lee County Horror Story for you.
I'm a registered Democrat.
I called the Election Commission yesterday.
Yeah.
And I said, well, I want to make sure she said, we took you out the role.
So I ran down there.
I was, you know, took you off the roles for why?
Well, I wanted to find out.
So I go down there.
I drive down there in a house.
I get down there.
She says, because you didn't vote in the 96 election,
we had to take you off the roles.
That was ridiculous.
It is unbelievably ridiculous.
So I think what they do in Lee County is they look for registered Democrat.
Any pretext they can use for wiping you off the roles, they will do it.
And so what I'm doing is I've been driving people to the polls.
You know, trying to do what I can.
But let me just make an appeal as a veteran.
Anybody, I just got on and I was watching the two.
And this red take general shorts cock, who is, you know, just unbelievable.
Yeah.
Is talking about, you know, who's a traitor to the military or a traitor to the uniform?
That did you mention the fact that W skipped out on it last year that I was just reading there from the public.
You know, as both of you mentioned that, I kind of doubt it.
Not always kind of skipped over all of this.
But I just forgot.
Let me just, you know, make an appeal to any veteran who would think in their right mind to vote for somebody like this, this pervericator who has lied is not being true to themselves.
Any Catholic who would vote for him after this Bob Jones incident, which I don't think or explain.
What I just don't understand, he's doing pretty well with the Catholics.
Not everyone is doing good.
I know they've got a certain number of fetus huggers near myths, but the same was true when Clinton ran the last two times.
But they must just have very short memories.
Well, I think what you're going to see is most of your Democrats are going to come home.
But, you know, the native people from what I've talked to a couple of people, they're both in.
The native people are both in to go on.
And there's no question about that.
And you know, something we will never even get the full of votes start getting tabulated.
You'll never even realize the total impact of that because it's one thing to talk a good game.
But then when you get in there and you start popping, just before you punch that ballot and you start popping the impact.
And you've been hearing all of these things about the polls are really, really tightening up.
And your vote could be crucial.
Those people, if they have any conscience at all, they're not going to come to the polls.
Yeah, they're not going to do it.
They're going to get the vote over for Gorgia.
Yeah.
Lastly, let me just mention the Kanker Nazis.
Let's not forget it.
It affected me personally.
Let's not forget that too.
Because isn't it funny that they stopped and they're going to start tomorrow with the Kanker patrol again.
And don't forget who the governor is.
It's behind that.
That's right.
Exactly.
Thanks.
OK, pal.
Nice job.
560, 7.0, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T.
And Verizon Marley's Law.
What's WSA?
Five points.
It's just been a lot of great moments.
Oh, yeah.
What are we going?
Let's go to Volka.
Hello.
Volka.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
The best thing that can happen is George W. Winsley, Majority Vogue and Gore Winsley Electrical College.
Wouldn't that be great?
Well, it would be great.
There would be countless two things.
Well, when the election number one and number two, they'd finally abolish the Electrical College.
Yeah.
And the other thing, I think, the major three will piss off all those Republicans, yeah.
But the native people ought to realize that they want to give up this country for four years.
How much damage could bush and his friends due to the environment in this country in four years?
They could make it look just like Houston.
Yeah.
Coast to coast.
Thank you.
Have a great day, sir.
God bless America.
You see, the people that dunderheads out there, these people that are just so filled with hatred and intolerance inside coasts, you can't reason with them.
They're crazy people.
The people that belong institutionalized, they need help.
So you've got to hope that the reasonable people who have just a little bit, not what I'm talking about in a lecture,
it's just a little bit of an at all who can see the force through the smog.
I smart enough to say, hey, you know something this guy's record is a nightmare.
He is a freaking nightmare, possibly being a liar.
And a damn good one.
Talk about the pop comic, head of black.
A damn good one.
Be walking around talking about the bringing morality and decent feedback.
A guy who is admittedly a drunk until he was 40 years old.
I don't think so.
Here's a mobile and Okahunkai.
Yeah, I know what Bush was.
Like you want to know.
The thing is, he was flying.
They trained a lot of flying planes, but they stopped flying.
They did commission his plane.
They did that to my uncle too.
That would never be a bad excuse.
Yeah, that was an excuse.
No, what happens is they tell you if you were in the very open.
You got to give us a couple more years.
If you want to learn how to find other planes, you get a couple more years,
and we'll spend a million or whatever cost of training to find other planes.
If you doubt, then you go sit in your ass.
And that's what they did.
So they got one part of the board.
He didn't go.
So he didn't go sit on his ass.
He disappeared in a party for a month.
The other said just leave a phone number.
It takes the Russian to tap and then shoot down the one squad on F-102.
Yeah, okay, pal.
Keep right the book.
We'll promote it here on here.
Right the book and let us know when it's finished.
And we can talk to the CEO where?
Yeah, right.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6.
I mean, I can go back and reach back and get the bookie in,
because I read all that stuff right here.
That's the excuse.
Plus the fact that he had to go visit his doctor to do that physical.
I mean, there's so many lives though that I just don't have time to read them all.
After completing flight training in 1970, I continued flying with my unit for the next several years.
He says in his autobiography.
General William Turfsy, Commander of the Alabama National Guard,
unit to which Bush had been assigned to Boston Globe May 23rd of this year,
had he reported in, I would have had some recall and I do not.
I had been in Texas done my flight training there.
If we had a first lieutenant from Texas, I would have remembered.
He never even reported in.
Are you following, sir?
Over and out.
Here's a lady in Poppano B.
Hello.
Hello, how are you?
Okay.
Good.
I heard a roommate from George Bush's days wrote a book about George Bush.
What happened?
It was pulled.
Big daddy evidently paid off again, huh?
I didn't know what was it called.
I don't know.
The biography or something about George Bush.
I guess the guy from the school they came in a little bit about it.
I had somebody fetched me a piece yesterday that I read from someone who went to school with him
and said he was a moron.
That's what we know of.
Terrified to think that this man could be the president.
But I think that was a foolish thing for that young man to do.
He would have had a bestseller and then perhaps we could have even had a movie about this man and his college.
Yeah.
That would have been great.
That would have been the greatest thing.
But I think the Bush family is the most corrupt family in America today, Neil.
It's all about power.
Daddy Bush was headed to CIA.
He must have something or so many people to have general power.
Yeah, anybody can't see through the Bush-Chainy connection and the cool and power.
All of these pieces put together.
We're not really voting for W.
Those people have been asked to vote for Papa Bush all over again.
Absolutely right.
He got his ass kicked eight years ago.
Now he's trying to find a way to come in the back door if I can say that.
Oh, you are so right.
That's what the whole thing is about.
Okay, sweetheart.
Thank you.
Go vote again.
Thanks.
5, 6, 7 by all accounts.
Heavy duty voting in the right places.
Even downtown Miami, we had a report off the year that downtown is its jamming.
Lots of dark folks down there came out to vote.
And they didn't get no free cigarettes either.
I should point out.
Because I guess can't wait for those accusations to start coming in any minute.
1,621 votes.
Grow with 72% W with 18, Nader 4.9.
Harry Brown with 3.3, which I still raised four eyebrows when I see that.
And Pap, you can't in 23 votes 1.4%.
1,621.
And counting.
This is 560, QAM 420560.
WQAM Miami, Portland, L, a easily broadcast group station.
And WQAM.com or the world.
Feel a lot yourself.
I got it.
I got it.
Tell me questions that people may need to be behind.
Should anyone explain what the reason is, why?
Yeah, that's why.
What got fixed man?
Let's go to what it's fine.
WQAM, let me say it again.
Goers up by 19 points in the last minute poll in New York State.
If that's true, what if those people turn out?
Ricky Lazio is going to have a real tough time knocking off swallowing.
Whether you like that or not.
Here's Pember Pine.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hi, I'm Neil.
I was just wondering if you or one of your audience members could help me out.
I went to the polling place this morning and I have an old voter registration card.
From 96.
Since they did the redistricting, my precinct used to be 29.
It's now 25.
My name was on the roll.
I couldn't vote.
I've been trying to call the proud county voters registration, but I can't get through to anybody.
So if you could help me out.
So what is it precinct?
What, 25?
No, it's now 25.
Yes, it used to be 29.
Okay, well, I'm sure that we must have people listening in every precinct.
So if anybody can call in and tell us where you go, we'll let you know.
So that I don't have a list.
Well, the thing is, is on my voter registration card, it's got the address.
What I don't understand is why couldn't they tell you where you went?
If you went to the wrong place, why couldn't they look it up and tell you?
Well, it's not the wrong, well, I don't know.
I don't know.
The old people working here for a long time.
It didn't seem to really seem to.
Yeah, the average age where I went this morning in the acres is about 120.
We have a central coach with a mile.
Oh, okay.
Okay, so you're looking for 25, right?
Precinct 25?
No, yeah, I've got my precinct is 25 now.
Well, I live.
They change from 29, 25.
Well, I thought you were asking me where you go vote in precinct 25?
No, no, no, no.
No, my problem is, I don't, it's not where I go because on my voter registration card,
it's a temple path and it's a school.
Yeah, and I can't go.
What is the question?
I don't understand what the conversation is about.
You're losing it.
Well, the thing is, if I go to district 29, which my card states,
the address on my voter registration card is wrong, what would be wrong?
Yeah, I don't understand.
So I don't know what to do.
How to go about voting to.
Well, they asked you, was this, you still live at this address?
You still have to go to the wrong, whatever it says in your card.
Yes, but I'm not on the rolls and they told me that it's going to take like an hour to find out.
Yeah, so.
Well, I'd spend the hour because I'm not, do you have any idea what he's talking about?
No.
Sure, here's my best answer.
Yeah, 5.670560, Palm 560, but thanks for killing two minutes, man.
I'm Tonya.
I got a, I got a tumor growing just from that call.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Okay, I think.
Yeah, this guy called up 10 minutes ago complaining about getting his hardware and tax money to parts.
Yeah.
And you have his voting for gold.
I don't understand that.
Why are you going to tax the high out of us?
Is he really?
Yes, he is.
How do you know that?
Is everybody out there?
Yeah, they're waiting to campaign proper again.
I'll wait with the three times of the Clinton budget.
Stop reading me again.
No, nobody's impressed by that.
Okay, you tried your best with that.
It didn't work.
Nobody cares here.
And that's same old tired garbage.
God is apathetic.
5.670560, Palm 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Oh, and for those people, I think that everybody connected with Wall Street.
I was in love with Bush and hope in that he went.
Andy Joseph Cohen Schwartz, Smith Greenberg, whatever he name is, said that Bush's tax plan and the Social Security plan,
both are voodoo economic.
She didn't use that term.
That's Papa's word.
Totally a ridiculous.
Here's a mobile and form water deal.
Hello.
Hello, Bill.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I've got it.
I couldn't find word of bill in both.
Jane Carroll has a website.
I think she's the clerk.
The voters registration lady.
Right.
Where you log on through a website, you're putting your address, it'll give you updated free space.
And all the information works located.
What's the website?
It's Jane.
I think all you have to do is put in your game, care or election voters.
But it's a it's a brown County voters site.
Okay.
And it's definitely on there.
That's all I found mine.
Okay, thanks.
All right, thanks.
Here.
We heard your wrong phone number.
I did.
Palm Beach, if you want to free ride to the pole, the other numbers are right, but the Palm Beach number I wrote down wrong, I guess.
Or he gave it to me wrong.
561, here we are code 279, 4446 in Palm Beach.
561, 279, 4446 for anybody who needs a ride to the pole.
You still have almost seven hours.
In fact, if you're online at seven o'clock, even though the pole's officially closed at seven, if you're online, you can still vote.
So I'm going to go on and try it again.
Here's the mobile of the Weston, huh?
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Okay.
Hey, you should have gone on a little guy's vote for first before you find out if he's, uh, word of vote at.
Yeah, that's a good point.
Yeah.
And one thing you said about the poles and the past was that people have a tendency to believe them when they're in their favor.
Right.
Then no question about it.
Correct.
Well, I mean, you know, if it's real close or if you've been behind and then it looks like your guys catching up or maybe even going a little bit ahead, it gets you a dremel and going to get you to do some fun a little bit.
Then it makes you feel like it's worthwhile going out and giving it a shot, you know?
Yeah, and it's kind of if it's in your favor, you tend to think.
Right. That's correct.
So issues, education and social security.
Uh-huh.
Okay.
I think one of the factors is education has been going downhill for years.
Uh-huh.
I mean, we've had these mobile trailers on the school property for they just keep doing.
And why hasn't anything been done in the past on that?
What does that mean?
Under the administration, go over something and solve it now.
But he has, he's had a chance to solve it before it hasn't done anything.
Did a chance to solve it?
He was, uh, I know it's a, I know it's a state-based issue.
Yeah, I understand that.
Uh-huh.
So then why is he campaigning that he's going to take care of education?
Well, it could be because they have allocated a hundred of millions of dollars for education.
They, uh, they have allocated money for a hundred thousand teachers.
So these are all things that they plan on doing.
But is the problem really a money problem?
Well, these things have solved everything with money.
Well, how do you hire teachers about money?
Well, you have two teachers of one of the issues.
But the behavior and classrooms, and these kids coming out, they say.
Well, sir, you know, you know, something, that was the question that was asked George W. and the third debate.
You know, when he, when he, they talked about, how do you legislate getting parents more involved?
And he said, if I had the answer, if there was an answer to that question, I would tell you.
And that was the best answer that he gave.
How do you legislate children behaving in class? How do you do that?
Well, it's not just strictly a money issue, that well, let me just spend some more money on education.
And it is, in a way, how does the behavior of the kids in class, like in Dave County,
give kids textbooks to take home? And how, how does the behavior do that?
Well, well, sure, you have to get the score.
And it is.
I wish the Bush people, why don't we abolish the Department of Education?
I'll say this to George W. W. is credit, at least politically.
He's smart enough to realize that they had to eliminate that from the Republican platform because it was so embarrassing.
What about on social security now?
Yeah.
You get a fact that it's going to run out of money back.
Oh, no, it's not.
It absolutely is not.
It will never run out of money.
Social security is a sacred cow.
I guarantee you, no one will ever miss a social security payment in this country.
It will never happen.
Or what?
If they have to steal the money from the IMF, if they have to, and bring extra money, no one will ever miss it.
It's a red hearing cert.
It's never going to happen.
You think so?
I know so.
But it's a big issue.
You want to say it?
It is not a big issue.
It's a big issue because these voes are both made in the world, big issue.
Instead of going out and saying, it's still the economy, stupid.
That's what he should have been talking about.
I don't think it's a big issue to be honest.
Well, okay.
Thank you.
Oh, but that was easy.
And by the way, you vote right down at the end of the street.
You know that the subject tank down here just hop right in.
That's where you vote.
When you get right to the bottom.
5607-0560, Palm 560 on the AT&T, and Verizon Wireless Live.
But Neil Roger shows Sports Radio 560s, QA10.
Come on, Debbie.
Come play with these cities.
Good night.
On entertainment tonight.
Monica, you got a job as a reporter in England.
You did that.
Tell me a little bit about your new boss.
I felt like I didn't have a famous fat.
He was very tender.
This new, the very affectionate.
I think he's a very sensual man who has a lot of sensual feelings.
Really?
You're going to get hit there.
What happened?
I think he unbuttoned his shirt.
What are you talking about?
It was a good opportunity.
I thought it would be intriguing.
Oh, no, Monica.
Not again.
He was my sexual soulmate.
That's tonight on entertainment tonight.
Well, great meeting you, Monica.
I'm going to have a question.
Oh, fantastic.
Well, definitely keep in touch.
You bet.
You bet.
You bet.
You bet.
You bet.
You bet.
You bet.
You bet.
23 votes, 1.3%.
He's got that one and he's been stuck with it like way along.
Almost every poll he's got one.
And a percent, too.
Here's Miami Springs.
Hello?
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Okay.
Happy to lay it a birthday.
Thanks.
Good time for the day.
I got a glimpse on TV or GWFU.
Right.
Maybe we had?
Did you get to see Iliana Ross?
She was having four guests.
I thought she was going to crawl right up in the back.
She was like hovering right on his back side.
Exactly.
She was having four guests.
This is incredible.
It's really incredible.
Also talking about GWFU.
His statement is quote at the Stone Rally.
He's talking about how his little brothers,
Gov. Antonio Reis, and quote,
was almost side railed by Democrats in 94.
Side railed, yeah.
Exactly.
He's well-informed by a master's me correct.
Little brother has been governor since 1998.
Not 94.
Mm-hmm.
He's incredible.
That people will actually go out and vote for business.
Now, I don't have a way to describe this idiot.
He ran in 94 and got his ass kicked by a dead man walking on it.
Mm-hmm.
And he just barely beat another dead man last time.
Right, but now, what I was quoting was,
he made it sound like his brother has been governor since 1994.
Well, don't confuse him with the fact now.
Come on.
You're correct.
Look at him, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Who might be called?
OK.
See.
5667-0560,
pound 560 on the AT&T,
and Verizon Wireless Line.
Here's a mobile and West Palm.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
We love you up in West Palm.
First time caller.
All right.
Hey, listen.
Gay guy here,
and just a plea for everyone in the Tri-County area
to get the hell off your ass and get out and vote today.
You know, the, uh,
I got a couple of guys that I work with,
and they are jumping up and down about George Bush,
and I am just like,
and just sick about it.
Rods had a Republican type,
rich half a lot of these.
What's up with that?
A beats made, self-hating things.
It's, you know, Jews for Hitler all over again.
Jews for Hitler all over again.
I'm asking a homophobia, blacks for racism.
I mean, there's always going to be a few.
It's just like that JCWat, local homie.
You know, there's always, uh, got to be a few.
You want to slap them around and bring them back into reality?
Well, there's no hope.
There's no feeling right?
There's no hope.
But all you gay folks,
you get out and you vote and vote often.
40 times.
And I'm out of material, me.
Okay. God bless you, sir.
Take care.
Go check.
56670560,
POM 560 on the AT&T line.
They're voting.
Maybe here's an outlaw vote in an Elmwood Tennessee.
Today was going to roll for any selections,
and then tipper.
A couple of their tits now going into voting booth today.
They're tiffinities.
I was going to say that a little later on,
uh, his mother, who was 87 years old,
it's going to be coming in vote.
Talk about a state's event.
I got a bunch of little school kids all sitting on the floor
there in the back.
Now, what is this?
Very long neither to make, and they're a little,
I was a lot of children who have one of two.
They're reading some of the questions.
The vice president, and he is going to see.
I have to explain involved in issues of life,
the mental health, education, and homelessness.
Uh-huh.
Miss Gleigris.
Oh, he's introducing tipper, oh jeez.
I'm getting a willy to hearing about that.
560, 0560, 0560, on the AT&T,
and for rise and wireless light.
By the way, I have a very important and strong message.
There's somebody that sent me, uh, about a three page facts about,
what was about a little longer an hour ago.
I have a message for you, okay?
You're gay.
Yeah.
No, no, the facts were from Norma.
You see, you're reading a little bit too much into it.
You're gay.
Yeah.
Or, here's a lady in plantation.
Hello?
Yeah, hi, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
Listen, I need to spread the word.
I heard I'm a blower road around the county.
There's a misalignment on some of the blowered, uh,
blowered, and it's a lot of work.
A lot of work.
How the hell is that possible?
Well, I just heard it on the news of before I came in,
and I had to call and let you know,
because I noticed it when I was voting.
Um, I went to punch for growing.
I noticed that the pico was a bit misaligned.
And now they're saying that some of the votes for grow
are actually going to be canon because of it.
Yeah, somebody called about that earlier.
I don't understand that.
I don't understand it, but I wrote in plantation,
not to sell from you, and I noticed it on mine,
and I thought it was my, you know, I thought it was in my mind.
So what are they going to do about that?
I don't know.
But I want everybody, I want to spread the word,
to check you about what afterwards comes out and make sure
that it's in fact, punch for growing not to be canon.
Okay.
Okay?
And go back and, uh, give them hell.
Yeah, I think we all should give them hell.
Okay.
We do have a grab vote.
Thanks.
And okay, bye.
How do you like that?
Yeah, I think in Brown they should let us all vote again.
Yeah.
All the people that voted for grow,
just in case it got screwed up there,
because that mean when they wind up with hundreds of thousands of votes
for a canon, they're going to know something's fishy.
So they ought to let us all vote again.
I still got my voter registration card ready.
I can go back again, just to make sure.
Here's Fort Myers, hello.
Hey, New York.
Yes, sir.
Uh, I think the people who are going to be voting
giving that hate crime comments of an action,
or an action of a bush.
Uh-huh.
And I've seen it here that it's on a mixed area,
quite a few black and Asian.
Now, I want to talk about a few people,
and later we'll start with the native.
Please.
If it actually turns the election,
I think he should be strapped into the front of a core of air
and run into a wall at about 60 miles an hour.
Or they should just take the fan vote,
and those voter monitors next.
Or he complained about you.
Does it break anyway?
Or is it a big engine in the back business?
Uh, Polo.
You think maybe he's looking for a position in bush winds?
Looking for a position?
That's what we've got to be looking for.
The prime position.
At Larry's feet, I think that's what he was looking for.
And here's another character that ought to be thought about.
It's a strong test.
Yeah.
No more monkey movies for him, or playing Moses.
He's over as far as pictures are concerned,
but I think he's down a permanent stage on it, but the NRA.
I think he's wacky than a bed bug.
I think he's nuts.
He loves that.
I mean, he's a poster child for the term gun nut
and believe me, underlying the nut part.
Well, we can only hope that bush winds,
several things happen to Democrats,
win the house, and maybe narrow the Senate to win it.
And they fight as they have big time
if you excuse expression.
Okay.
And Hillary in 2004.
Yeah, likely story.
Hillary in 2004, what do you say to that?
No.
No way, Jose.
Get that bitch out of there.
You know, these people had actually seriously talked
like some of these so-called pundits on TV about,
wow, you know, if she wins this centerway,
she's in the Democrats lose the White House.
She have Gore loses.
She's certainly going to be the frontrunner for 2004.
Is anybody believe that?
No.
There are more people that hate her like poison.
And let me say it again.
Gore is up by almost 20 points, 19 points in last poll in New York.
And she's got a life in death struggle to try to be
the little unknown punk, Rick Lazio,
that nobody ever heard of.
Newt King Rich Jr.
gets serious.
Like so many people have said,
she's basically running against herself.
Here's the lady in broken.
Hello.
Hi.
Yes, ma'am.
I just called the let you guys know that they're misaligned up here
in Palm Beach, counties.
Well, oh no.
Oh yeah.
How is that possible?
I put the little slip in this morning.
You know, you got the two pegs up on top.
Right.
And I went through and I tried to, I thought maybe it was the way that I put it in
that had a little pegs on towards the bottom.
And I checked the alignment on that.
Lined fit in there perfect in the ballot too.
Yeah, but it was misaligned on where you punched.
No, not mine.
No, mine did.
Because I definitely checked it.
Well, then what happens after you checked it, what do they do then?
Well, no.
I was checking the card to make sure that I had set it in there perfect.
Right.
Yeah, and it was in there and you have to look because it's confusing.
You got to go down a little bit.
It's probably about an eighth of an inch off set.
So in other words, you made sure that you got a right though.
Yeah, I did.
Okay.
Well, I hope that everybody who votes between now and seven, take a look at your card
in there and make sure that you're punching it in the right hole.
Okay, thank you.
Have a good day.
Thanks.
And the little pen too.
Make sure you're punching it in the right hole.
560, 7.0560, 0560, 0560 on the AT&T and Verizon.
As a matter of fact, Georgia is going to be doing a series of shows on that.
People who continually punch it in the wrong hole.
Are we already doing that?
Here's Marga, hello.
Hey, Mike, a little crooked to begin with, but once I put it in, it's just pretty good.
And how about the card?
Well, that's you.
Okay.
A couple of things.
One, my only political thing is that I'm a little bit of an unholy for a long time.
That's okay.
If anybody wants to check on the computer, it's digitalcity.com.
And there's a little screen to put your address in and then it'll give you your polling place.
Digitalcity.com.
Digitalcity.com.
I did it last night because I couldn't find my card.
Okay.
Took me a while to find it.
The other thing is about your Murray brothers.
Yeah.
When the team went to Arizona a couple of weeks ago, there was a half a dozen of the players
that were spending so much time banging a couple of the flight attendants and trying to find them in the stands.
Mm-hmm.
Well, because they weren't in the seats they were supposed to be in.
Uh-huh.
They couldn't locate them.
They were spending their time on the ice trough.
What were they going to do doing in the stands, is that it?
They just were pretty involved by these two athletes.
I see.
They were pretty involved by these two girls.
So they were...
Well, how do you know this?
Are you on a plane?
I know a couple of people who were.
Okay.
So maybe that's a little more fuel to get rid of those two jerks.
Okay.
Thanks for the good news.
Like I said, get the buries for the Murrays.
That's what we want.
Even though, get Valerie on it.
They will have both buries.
And we'll throw in both buries.
There's a packet to deal.
And we'll take Derek Morris and you will begin with two.
How do you like that?
Is that going to happen?
No.
No, but we got a 70-year-old guy out there.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha.
Woo!
Five, six, seven, oh five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T.
I'll send you a Brian.
You sure got a great sense of humor, man.
And don't forget, bye bye bye!
You'll find out you both are sandwiched.
Maybe when you get to Scott and I would affect some sandwiches for the Murray boys on the
way out.
Like when you get on the bus, yeah.
Back on the big one.
25 past nine to five sixty WDQF.
So those people are ice-holes.
But first you get into pieces.
What's first you get into pieces.
Yes.
So I first you get into pieces.
Cause you do get into pieces.
Yes.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha.
The rich boy will spend the growth and junky.
But he's gonna do it all.
I can't pay money.
He's gonna give us rep about people going hungry.
It's no conclusion with some stuff.
We can't buy you a rat sheet.
It's just a beer.
We're looking all over and it's still eight here.
Hey, Judge E. Junior, where's your rat sheet?
So are you afraid that we'll find out that you fit long back to a Robert's college kid
or token party?
And you can't teach what his action is right.
But I'll switch between you.
You can hire a judge.
You can hire a judge whether it's a bitch or a cheater.
But what's first you get into pieces.
Fuck.
What's first you get into pieces.
Fuck.
What's first you get into pieces.
Fuck.
What's first you get into pieces.
Fuck.
What's first you get into pieces.
Fuck.
Judge E. Junior, here's a pizza.
Yes, the dear ones, the one because Todd Dreck has got such bad stench mouth, bad breath.
Not the fact that he don't look so good either when there's a real pain in the ass and a dunderhead
who thinks that he thinks that Abe Lincoln is running.
What do you say?
Something like that.
Boy, don't knock ourselves the problem is collective IQ, man.
We can't find it.
Here's a mobile and summarize.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
George Bush.
Yeah.
Anyway, that goes in votes for him as a retard.
I'm talking with a couple of Jamaican guys, maintenance guys in a farming complex that you've
been doing a lot.
Yeah.
These guys were out of their mind, up to that.
They're like, man, I can't even believe anyone was votes for that.
Sure.
They got to make the voting a little easier.
I live out by cemetery village in Pepper Park.
Uh-huh.
They got some old lady that's like 130 years old reading the voter register.
Right.
She's got these cloak bottle glasses.
There's a line with 300 people in it.
Stand in there.
Everybody's got to get to work.
It's like 7 o'clock in the morning when it opens.
And she's trying to find people's names.
You can hear everybody in line right at the desk line.
There's my name right there.
Well, that's what happened with me.
I got up to the desk at the woman's and oh, let me get my glasses.
There's a 400-year-old woman.
She goes back into a purse and she's like, when you think that before she sat down and they opened the
lines up, she might have thought about that in the first place if she can't read.
And another thing, that Broward monorail thing?
Just say, no.
Exactly.
If we want another one of them, natural movers, it's going to have to get bailed out by the federal government.
Yeah, this is a bullet train with funding from the heaven, I guess.
So nobody has any idea what's going to come from the answer is just say no.
No, no to that.
And Bush, can you?
You're gay.
Okay.
Thanks for the bulletin.
1700 votes, even.
1700 Pennsylvania Avenue.
Huh?
Oh, it's just changing again.
Boy, I hate what that happened.
This one will get to a very nice number.
Albrook 1226, 72%.
George W. 306, 18%.
Ralph Nader 83, 4.8%.
Harry Brown 63.5%.
And Patrick Cannon.
Ah.
Ah.
That's my Patrick Cannon allergy.
25, 1.4%.
I fell off the rear again, Pat.
And by the way, nice hairdo.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Yeah, Gordon, baby killer.
Now, okay.
Thanks for the good news.
Put that on the news.
Oh, we don't have any news.
I'm sorry.
Put it on the news station.
Where's a baby killer?
Yeah, so's Yahweh.
Uh-huh.
Now, what about that abortion we were hurting about yesterday?
Oh, that was a Bush?
5670560, 0560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless lines.
Here is Mirabar.
Hello.
You hold on.
I'm here.
Yes, sir.
Jacob, how's it going, bro?
Hey, Jacob, how are you?
Pretty good.
Just got done both.
So the three tours?
Yeah.
Now, did you have any trouble sticking your thing in there?
Actually, it was.
It was a little crooked, however.
I had to bring to go back and make sure that, you know,
the most important thing for me to go over.
Number three is the goal hole.
Number three is the goal hole.
Number three is the goal hole.
Yeah.
That's the one I should say.
I sure hope I didn't screw up my phone, you know.
And I'm getting paranoid.
No, I'm sure you did it right.
Both for goal, everybody.
And if W Bush wins, with times I finally small for Amsterdam.
1130.
Perfect.
Thanks for it.
Here they are, Jacob.
Bye-bye.
1130 tomorrow night, we'll leave it on a jet plane.
Now, what is that?
It looks like sandwiches.
Come.
Comet Linux City.
So I used to run Linux City, so I didn't recognize him.
That gentleman.
I didn't call him.
I didn't call him.
I didn't call him.
He just said I had to go to the mom age for once,
but that would be like a little time.
Yeah, the people that are firmly in hand,
can take in hand because he's winning that award.
The March of Dimes thing.
The Air Awards.
What are we doing for them?
I don't know.
For like a, I have a company we're having today.
No.
Well, he's not for them.
We're going to pick through it.
It's not for them.
What makes you think it would be for them?
Because we didn't call them.
Yeah.
And the guy said that Scott just said they bring it to WQA.
So maybe we're still thinking about it.
Well, we've got it.
I don't care if we're still here.
Yeah, how much am I going to eat anyway?
I have to go to lunch after the show anyhow.
So I just, a little appetizer.
And that's it.
And then how much ever you are shredded out of here and take home,
like you always do because it's all about free.
Is it all about free?
That's up to you.
I don't give a crap about those guys.
What do they have?
What do they have a given to us?
Huh?
Crap.
I mean, the morning guys, at least once before Wilder,
they had the Dunkin' Donuts guys coming in here
who came all the way from Palm Beach County.
We don't see them anymore.
That makes Friday morning work coming in for them.
Haven't seen them in a coon's age.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hey, Neil Halley.
I was like crispy cream anyway.
Pretty good.
Happy birthday.
Thank you.
And I got a voting story for you.
I went to Pine Island Ridge Country Club to vote.
And I was walking in this old guy.
He must have been probably about 150 years old.
Said, is this your first time here?
And I said, yeah.
And he said, well, I've already been here twice to vote.
And the first thing I thought of is you saying vote early and often.
So as far as my card, I didn't have any problem getting it in.
And I did.
Yeah, I understand it.
That's obviously happening as we have several calls about it.
But I must have been one of the lucky ones,
because mine stood right in there.
Yeah, mine did too.
The card's really out there.
I don't know, but like you say, vote early and often.
Have a good one, sir.
Okay, nice one.
Here's Thomas L. Friedman, right today in the New York Times.
I love DC.
This is, I realize this is a bit late,
but I just have one last question for George W. Bush.
I just dropped this campaign.
The Texas governor has repeated the mantra that the government surplus is your money.
It's not the government's money.
Fine, but then whose money is the national debt?
Is that our money, too?
Or is that somebody else's money?
So what's the message of boy stirring this campaign to think that all the surplus is belong to the voters
and all the debts belong to the government to Washington DC, the enemy of the people.
That this embodied entity that sucks up your tax dollars for no good reason
and offers nothing in return.
Well, nobody knows who's going to win today's election,
but I do know this.
If it's governor Bush, I sure hope he doesn't believe the nonsense he's been peddling.
His repeated denigration of Washington and government in general manifest a profound ignorance
of what makes America unique in the world today,
which happens to be the strength quality and the breadth of our government.
Indeed, Mr. Bush actually traveled abroad more than twice.
He would have discovered that what foreigners and the US most for is precisely Washington.
That is our institutions, our courts, our bureaucracy, our military,
and our regulatory agencies, the SEC, the Federal Reserve, the FAA, the FDA, the FBI,
the EPA, the IRS, the INS, the U.S. patent office,
and the Federal Emergency Management Agency.
I took part in a seminar until we see the White Managing University in China,
and I can throw her a young Chinese rag to its student,
pleading for an answer to her question, how do we get rid of all our corruption?
You know what your average Chinese would give to have a capital like Washington today,
whether it's reasonably honest and efficient bureaucracy?
Do you know how unusual we are in the world that we don't have to pay off your craft
to get the simplest permit issued?
Do you know how much your average Indonesian would give to have Indonesia stock market
over seen for one day by Arthur Lovey to the SEC?
Do you know how much your average Russian would give for a week of Joe Kline and Janet Riel,
busing Russia's oligarchs and monopolists?
Mr. Bush likes to say that the government didn't create this surplus,
the energy and the entrepreneurship of the American people, no kidding,
but it is precisely the quality of our government institution that creates the framework for that entrepreneurship to flourish.
In his smart new book, The Ministry of Capital,
Hernando de Soto-Ansi's Requesting Why Capitalism succeeds in the Western Fails in so many other places.
His key conclusion, good political institutions and property law,
are the ingredients that have constantly enabled entrepreneurs in the West to succeed,
and their absence elsewhere explains why they're failed.
How many software innovations could build gates of neighborhood out patents to protect the nation of Minnesota?
How many deals a long-term project could he have carried out without enforceable contracts?
The more I travel abroad, the more I appreciate Washington,
and I'm not just talking about the monuments in the cherry blossoms,
I'm talking about all the grade buildings,
where all those faceless bureaucrats who are paid by your tax dollars in mind work in anonymity.
I thank God every day I live in a country that has Washington as its capital,
with all those great institutions.
On one level, it's absurd that Governor Bush, whose father was a congressman,
chairman of the Republican Party, CIA director, vice president, and president,
has been running as a Washington outsider.
But on other level, it's true because however much time Mr. Bush fended his father's home in Washington,
he never seemed to have absorbed what President Bush deeply understood
that it is precisely the size-dranquality of our government that gave him the power and moral standing
to lead the free world at the end of the Cold War.
It's hard to know what George Bush really believes,
but if we take him in his word, Governor Bush's problem is not that he doesn't know the capital of Kazakhstan and Nigeria,
now his problem is that he doesn't know the capital of the United States.
He doesn't understand that the very thing he's been running against
is precisely what makes this not only special in the world, but the envy of the world as well.
I just go on to June, we'll time a straight minute.
I'm here for more time today, and I'll just go on Tommy Boy.
Twenty before one is 5.60 WDQ AM.
The Neil Roger Show, New Sports Radio, 5.60.
QA AM.
How young is two young?
I came along when TV was just getting started.
On the turn night shows act square-eyed in a pig.
But that's the before I die.
Now if you just close my eyes and rather shovel and start a whole season,
remember when my show back then was a riot.
Back in those days I played close to the edge.
But then I grew old in this time.
He's actually lost my mind.
When shopping you were made to flip my wings.
I wrote 5,000 songs and both my communities began.
There's no noise when your life is ruined.
If you're too young to know what my show was like back then,
I just didn't want to pay the better much.
I was married to Jim, but always wanted Audrey.
I could take my mouth shut, but it was that big.
No reason to wonder what that I just up and died.
So grab the shovel and start a whole season.
I still have on my way.
It's a 25-5, 60 WQM.
Now somebody I know who this is.
Somebody out there has their psychic thing, Roland.
They got their little glow-bout, their weapon it and the ball too.
This is an ab breakdown of the Electoral College.
I guess somebody's prediction here for the election today.
I'm looking down this.
He's got Gour 273 votes, which is three more than needed.
And Bush 265, which is five less than needed.
I'm looking at this thing and it doesn't look unreasonable.
Gour gets California, Connecticut, Washington, D.C., Florida, Hawaii, Illinois, Iowa, Maryland, Massachusetts, Michigan, Minnesota, New Jersey, New York, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, Vermont, Washington, and Wisconsin.
And gets 273, but that's an area.
So like I said, he must win Michigan, Pennsylvania, and Florida, but the Porsche was ahead in all three.
And with a voter turn ever getting in Florida today, we got a shot.
Yeah.
See what they really want to do is they want to psych people out there.
Once you're to think, first of all, they don't want to need to people to think it's real closer that they're going to waste their vote and throw it over to Bush.
And number two, they want to grow people to feel like it's a wasted time so why even bother?
And of course, by doing that in state of California, especially another West Coast state, they also figured they can hang on to some of those congressional seats that they're on the verge of losing.
Like, Jim Rogan out there to talk about a bad hairdo.
You know what I'm talking about?
Man, I'm not Rogan.
Another, yeah, Jim Rogan. That's what he needs. He only Rogan needs Rogan.
We'll have plenty of time to shmure it on.
Yeah, it's pills, isn't it, Rogan?
What is it?
Like I said, he can even chop him up in the blender and shmure it on.
I think it's about the hat.
You can shmure it on his back bone, yeah, because he's out.
Even his own people out there say, wow, bye bye, Jim.
Yeah.
Mr. Pino's cake.
And don't forget Bill McCollum down here. How do you do it? How could anybody vote for Bill McCollum?
How could it even be reasonably close?
Like, when you grab the ballots, the first thing you should be looking for.
The first thing you should say when you go and get that ballot, when they handed two, is,
they're very self-suffer.
Yeah, where do I punch for Bill Nelson?
And be sure and take a look at that ballot when you finish punching the holes,
because based on the stuff we're hearing today, it sounds really...
Oh, I'm so suspicious.
And why would that be in Broward and Palm Beach, do you think?
That they've got them just a little out of wax, so that a lot of gov votes are going to want to get in screwed up if that happens?
Another good reason to vote for you for a time is just to make sure.
Here's a mobile and four-water deal. Hello?
Hey, how are you doing?
Pretty good.
I'm expecting my little poke in the right hole today.
Good.
Did you vote for you on the corner of Oakland on Andrew's holding a sign that reads Bush as a tanker,
so no more Bush it.
Oh, I love it.
Well, I know it's Bush wins, all the comedians have great materials in the next four years,
but when Glowwinds, I know my son has a job and gets out of college.
There you go.
Hey, Neil, don't be 50 dollars.
Okay, I see you.
Get out of here.
Let's stick it in there again.
560, 0560, 0560 on the AT&T and provides a wireless line.
Here's Miami.
Hello?
Yeah, you almost go over on the tip.
Yes, sir.
I want that.
I'm sorry, like, two dozen people that are voting for Bush because of you.
Yeah, yeah.
Soon as the first word out of his mouth, the first word we knew was one of those little people.
Yeah, Neil.
Yeah, Neil.
Go back and get back into your spot or somebody's going to take your place in that circle to your sweetheart.
You better get back in there fast.
Get a grip, sweetie.
560, 0560, 0560 on the AT&T and provides a wireless line.
Go back down to your seat if you can find some illegal aliens for us.
Because once this elections over, we need something to sink our teeth in the booth.
Here's a mobile and drill beat.
Hello?
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, happy birthday.
Thank you.
Yes.
You'll see it here.
Yeah.
And anyway, where do we get the licensure, Neil?
Where do you get it?
Yeah.
And the website.
And the licensure?
Yeah.
The website.
Theconciter.com.
Theconciter.com.
That's how I say great.
I'll see it tomorrow night at the Panthers again then.
I'll be there at the panthers.
Hey, go have, not go have, go go panthers.
That's a huge thing.
Good luck, you're here.
Whatever you're saying.
He's out of control.
The head, they suck.
But you know, then there's those Panthers.
And now that we got that 60-year-old guy, that Jerry Adams guy, how about he was from Ireland, didn't he?
See, I saw the headline.
I thought maybe we got Kevin Adams, you know, who the Leafs didn't protect.
We got Greg Adams.
37 years old.
We got, we got Igor Laryon, office 39.
Terry and Brian are trying to get the team.
So you've got to get guys who can relate to them.
Or a little bit over.
Maybe we can get that little frog out of over time and two.
Tell us his name, the play for Dallas and Montreal.
The gig carbonyl.
I'm asking George, names of cops.
Well, you know, this might come to you like in some kind of a vision, like some kind of an apparition.
Yeah, you never know.
Here's Fort Lauderdale, hello.
Yeah, how are you doing today?
All right.
Hey, two things that have persuaded me to vote the Gore.
Yes.
First of all, the Iliang and Zellers supporters.
The so-called Green Peas of people down Miami.
The Green Peas?
Yeah, we've got the Green Party and the Green Teeth and they both make me sick.
And second, anything we're high-zinger is affiliated with.
You know, he's a bit Republican.
Yeah, he's the biggest contributor in Florida for Bush.
Yeah, that's all right.
He was flying how do you do the collarbone?
It's private plane yesterday.
That guy, anything he's affiliated with, I'm against.
One the other way, that's right.
Also, what is the Governor Jeb Bush?
What does he plan to do about the tankers I have on my balls?
He's going to come down here and look them probably.
That's what I'm hearing.
He's got a solution for everything, man.
Just lick them.
That's what he said.
5.670560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
That was a low.
Here's the mobile in Miami.
Hello.
How you doing, Neil?
All right.
Hey, last bring going high-a-lea.
I've voted for Gore.
How about that?
I wonder how many Gore votes that weren't high-a-lea?
Three or four, you think?
Here's something I saw in the ballot.
They stuck in high-a-lea to see if they wanted to build.
How about the baseball stadium in high-a-lea?
No.
Referring them on the ballot.
How could they do that?
I don't know.
It was on the ballot?
No, voted no.
I'm waiting.
You're telling me that it was really on the ballot in high-a-lea?
Yeah.
Did they want to take public funds and money from the county and the state
and bond issues to build the baseball stadium in high-a-lea?
How come we never heard anything about that?
I'm looking to see if I don't have a date, Harold,
because that would have the things on the ballot and date.
It was a last-stage just in high-a-lea.
And of course, they would have stayed in high-a-lea.
No.
Yeah, I would know.
Well, we wanted to thank on the air to guys for waiting for me in a funny
mind for the feedies a couple weeks ago.
Okay.
All right, Neil.
No, here we go, often.
Go, go, go, we've still.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
This is pretty interesting in this breakdown of the guys in here.
273 to 265.
Pretty tense.
And those of us girl people, we have to really hope like Cal,
if they didn't vote in California with all those 54 electoral votes,
getting cocky and taking it for granted,
not spending one dime of advertising money out there.
And then the Bush people put on the big push,
the Bush push right there at the end.
And last night it was like within a razor's hair after being like 10, 12, 15 points ahead.
It was like a lock.
It was on the black New York State.
They were so far ahead at one point.
And they let most of that kind of like slip to their fingers.
In Palm Beach County, it's push number 5, by the way.
For good.
See, I don't want to give numbers out and confuse people.
When you get the ballot, it's very clear.
I mean, it is so clear that even I'm going to listen to you.
Even what do you mean by that?
Or the misalignment people making something like this.
How many years have I not voted about 100 years since I voted?
They took the card.
I mean, all you got to do is see how it works.
They got to, if there's any misunderstanding before you go to the red,
where they have your name written down and they check your ID and your voter registration card.
Before you go to that, there's a guy sitting there and he says,
you need any help and any instructions.
And he's showing some little girl who just stand there with her.
I think she voted too.
But then you use a, how you slip it in there.
Which we should have called the cops if that one.
No, no, seriously, we're showing how I just slipped the card over the little prongs and you punch it.
And I went up there and I got my card.
I went through the whole song in a dance.
I stuck it on here.
There was no problem and you look, don't look for a number.
Look for what it says for Christ's sakes.
If you can't read George W. Bush or Al Gore or Harry S. Brown around there.
If you can't read the names on it, then what the hell business you got voting in the first place?
And if you got some kind of like special visual or any kind of handicap it says right there.
They have a big sign.
We have special arrangements.
If you're a handicap, if you're like a mental midget,
if you're some kind of a total burzo and you can't do this,
we'll help you.
We'll make it up for you.
And I believe that they probably do make it up for whatever whatever way they want to go.
These craggy old parts.
Not less than the craggy old parts, those are the ones that are terrified with their social security.
So like I said, let them look at another couple of votes.
So at least we can do the thank them for their hard work on this election day.
1255, wait a minute, what's this?
Well, necessarily believe that, Rob.
You're not everybody thinks that if you respond to this,
it sounds like one of the biggest things.
The data is to decide on their own whether to go to the voting booth or not.
It's an extreme trait.
It's a restraint of the sale of truthful moves.
Like it were another product, Rob.
There's not a shadow over there.
Suppose all of them got together and agreed we won't have more than three acts of violence on any show.
So Mark, look at the numbers.
Let me tell you, Ellie.
Well, then it appears to me that we should have three days of voting in California
so that we can kind of catch up.
I'm going on, maybe right on sweetheart.
You go, girl.
1256 at 560 QAM.
This is 560 QAM.
Sports radio 560 WQAM, Miami Port Lauderdale,
a beastly broadcast group station at WQAM.com or the world.
It's not just the one to two hour.
It's a phenomenon.
I'm going to do that for the first time.
I'm going to do that for the first time.
I'm going to do that for the first time.
I'm going to do that for the first time.
I'm going to do that for the first time.
I'm going to do that for the first time.
I'm going to do that for the first time.
I'm going to do that for the first time.
I'm going to do that for the first time.
I'm going to do that for the first time.
I'm going to do that for the first time.
I'm going to do that for the first time.
I'm going to do that for the first time.
I'm going to do that for the first time.
I'm going to do that for the first time.
I'm going to do that for the first time.
I'm going to do that for the first time.
I'm going to do that for the first time.
I'm going to do that for the first time.
I'm going to do that for the first time.
I'm going to do that for the first time.
I'm going to do that for the first time.
I'm going to do that for the first time.
I'm going to do that for the first time.
I'm going to do that for the first time.
I'm going to do that for the first time.
I'm going to do that for the first time.
I'm going to do that for the first time.
I'm going to do that for the first time.
I'm going to do that for the first time.
I'm going to do that for the first time.
I'm going to do that for the first time.
I'm going to do that for the first time.
6.5clp tonight.
560 WCM got 6 hours to go.
They got their vote and vote and vote and vote.
Big huge turnouts, especially here in South Florida.
They brought in Palm Beach.
One of those numbers again, Neil.
I'm glad you asked.
Hey, so you don't have a ride to the polls?
Here are three ride to the polls in Dave County, 305,
354, 2770.
Oh yeah.
So you're just a vocal brand.
I voted, yeah, illegal aliens voting.
We believe it.
Oh, yeah.
We can spirit.
Nice try.
Back on the vote.
Dave County, 305, 354, 2770.
If you need a free ride to the polls in Howard, 954,
9238488.
9238488.
In Palm Beach, 561, 279, 4446.
279, 44, 46.
And don't forget, when you get your card and you stick it in the
a slot there, make sure it's a line-up right.
Make sure when you take it out, you punch the all the right holes.
Because it sounds to me really a little bit on the bizarre side.
Want to be something if it turned out that you can and run the election based on,
yeah, they just shoved up the holes in there a couple of matches.
Here's the facts.
Lying under oath, Bush and company squelts investigation of contributors funeral homes.
In a so far successful attempt to stop a scandal, Bush perjured himself under oath,
according to the sworn testimony of two of his political allies.
The situation is amazingly similar to Clinton's Lewinsky problem, a potentially damaging lawsuit
arose that threatened to involve him.
Just like Clinton Bush swore on Affidavit that he had no involvement in the case
which got him excused from testifying, and just like Clinton,
the Affidavit was proven false-monthly by the new evidence.
In this case, it's the recent sworn testimony of Robert McNeil,
a Bush appointee that he had discussed the case with the Bush at a fundraiser.
The scandal isn't as sexy as Monica's, but perjury is perjury,
and the scandal actually involves the governor's job, not his sex life.
Texas State Commission on funeral homes, the TFC,
started an investigation of SCI, the world's largest funeral company,
with 3442 homes plus 433 cemeteries,
after complaints that unlicensed apprentices were embalming corpses
at two SCI embalming centers.
The Commission visited a couple of these and ended up finding SCI 450 grand.
But SCI pulled strings with the Commission and Bush himself,
shortly thereafter the investigation was shut down,
and the agencies investigated, was fired.
She sought the question, Bush, for her lawsuit,
and that's when he swore his admittedly false affidavits.
In fact, that affidavit has been proven false twice now.
And this goes on at great lengths.
At great lengths.
Bush simply didn't show up for a scheduled deposition on July 1st, 1999 in the case.
He isn't a defendant in the case because governors are immune from lawsuits in Texas,
but is being called as a material witness.
He filed his affidavit on July twice, indicated he had nothing to wear.
Now Robert McNeil was chairman of the Texas funeral commission at the time.
A Bush appointee, confirmed that he also discussed the case
with Bush at a 1998 Texas fundraiser.
In a sworn deposition, McNeil says that Bush asked him,
have you and Mr. Walker got your problems worked out?
We're still trying to work on that governor.
Bush then said, do your job.
Bush's campaign says that McNeil statement is false,
but the language McNeil says Bush uses almost identical
to what he admits saying that Johnny Rogers in the governor's office.
Bush should also decals in who it's too long to read the whole thing.
How do you like that?
But he's going to bring morality and to choose this back to Washington, DC.
A place that he don't like too much.
Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Thank you, Tony.
Okay.
I just coined a phrase or a definition.
I wanted to run it by you to get your opinion in there.
Yes, sir.
All right. Any person who is paralyzed by the fear of getting out of their house
and going to the polls to both Democratic is in Al Gorefobick.
Okay.
Is that all right?
Now, I'm not bad.
Question for you.
After I finished voting this morning, I went to the post office to pick up my company mail.
And I had my vote.
I did sticker on my chest.
And this young African American guy said to me, oh, I already voted.
I said, oh, good for you.
He said, but I don't have a sticker because I voted Saturday.
What do you mean?
What do you vote Saturday?
He said, yeah.
Most people don't know.
You can vote ahead of time like that.
I said, well, what did you write in there or something like that?
I mean, did you, you know, was it a proxy vote or what?
And he said, no.
We went down.
And I don't know.
It was about 500 of us and we casted our votes.
So how is that possible?
It's as well.
It can be done.
You don't want anything about that?
We have to vote before that.
Well, I don't know what Saturday surprises are.
A lot of me, but I do know, for example, yesterday they were lined up by eight billion long for the absentee ballots.
You can go.
They have locations where you can go and cast absentee ballots.
Not at all the polling places, but they have locations set up in all counties where you can actually go and cast your absentee ballot without me leaving it in.
What when though?
I mean, that's three days before.
I don't know what the parameters are.
Well, but you say not three days before.
Some people mail in their absentee ballots weeks before the election.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
One of them I asked him that.
And he said, no, not absentee.
I actually cast my ballot.
No, no.
And one other point, Rush Limbo has got to be prying the Gore wins this election.
Yeah, I had nothing to talk about.
That's right.
And here we have the other one offensive again.
Yeah, okay.
Have a great day, sir.
Thank you.
A slavery press can connive the high GW's shady side.
This looks something like some grid stuff.
It's not only is drunk driving arrest, which is light about.
Have we already, I think, done this one?
I think so.
5607.0560, 05.560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
1700 and some odd.
It's changing again on there.
We're getting close.
1769.
See, I'm making that up again.
Am I making it up?
No.
So it says, Al Gore, 179.
72.3% George W. Bush, 318.
17.09% Ralph Nader, 85.
4.8%.
Harry Brown, 62.3.5%.
Happy you can.
25 still hanging in there with his one point, 4%.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Happy erection, Daniel.
Thank you so much.
This is not a hard vote, Neil.
I voted for Al Gore's head.
I don't like Neil's East Pole.
I see on TV, the Gallup Pole, CNN Pole.
You must think Bush must have a telemarketing room.
Redial and voting 24 hours a day.
I don't think any one of them has any idea.
I think that they're all full of crap.
I don't think we have any idea what's going to happen
because nobody knows who's really turning out today.
Neil, listen, I'm a career.
I drive all over Miami.
I've been in North Miami Beach so far today.
I'm going through a higher year already.
Miami Lakes.
I've seen nothing but Gore supporters on all the corners.
I haven't seen any push supporters.
And a lot of these young people are voting.
A lot of these young Cuban people are voting for Gore too.
Really?
I mean, all these officers I go to from my pickups,
I talk about the election to the people.
And all I'm hearing is Gore, Gore, Gore.
I was push even in the race.
Well, in top 40s, not.
I understand that, but in top 40s, it's supposed to be.
It's supposed to be a toss up.
But now, I know I'm an idea of all the people.
What are you saying?
I'm going to put that that it's supposed to be closer with toss up.
That's not true at all.
So I thought as well, Gore's got to win the huge.
Not for actually close to a toss up.
You're getting confused by those green toothed people, you know.
So I've had many of them.
No, what about those Supreme Court justices?
You vote against that, and you vote for that.
Did I vote against them?
Yes, you voted for it.
You vote for it, okay.
I did that to keep them in office.
I know you have a great day.
And have a great life.
Good luck to us all.
Now, what kind of Kim said something like that?
I think tiny Kim said,
Oh God.
What's this all?
Eight minutes after one at five, 60 WQ.
Yes, best of Neil Rogers, 2000.
That's a Sam Harris.
Just good with Specs Music Store near New York,
to AM.com on the net.
Best of Neil, 2000 with Radewith, like.
So Paul Jones, you got a new nose.
That known of past Neil Rogers.
And who could protect the Neil Rogers Cheechy
with great sound effect?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
That's the American fucking way.
Oh, those Thai with classic.
The best of Neil Rogers, 2000,
from Sports Radio Pie, 60 QA Hand,
and offer a socket.
Welcome to Pierre's No Drying School Third Line.
That you get a ticket for.
Well, I drove back with the Cost Exchange to the Fatbox
and thought, what devil is he?
You know, isn't he?
You know, you were about a thing.
You just keep on driving like you feel, honey.
OK?
OK.
Someone caught in ten of you.
Or you don't know, or you'll be.
You just keep on driving angry.
Next goal is from Ben's in hers.
Hey, can you teach me how to drive a boat?
Well, that's easy.
I myself used to drive a bus for the Gapter Best Company.
We're off.
We gone bowling tonight.
I'm at 100.
Shut up, Norton.
Hey, you're the ground.
They may be not going to terrorize us.
I'm going to tell you.
Just let Cleo tell you how to drive.
Fair to die for 700 sellers a minute.
And I will be pleased to tell you where you can go.
And how to get there slowly and angrily.
Oh, no.
Still a cell phone.
And I'll 100 great, goodly, modally.
OK.
Walter King, as well.
This call us.
We'll tell you where to go.
Here's a great website, Democrats.com.
Big, big piece here about Bush's military records.
They just seem to vanish on election 8.
Bush 8's possibly altered National Guard records to conceal
grounding in this duty.
8's to Texas Governor George W. Bush visited the Air National Guard
archives that can't be made in 1997.
And possibly altered Bush's military service record to conceal
Bush's grounding from flight in 1972.
And subsequently, Ms. Duhi, according to a former senior official of the Texas National Guard.
This is a lot of the stuff that's in the baggala book, but goes on at much greater
length with more detail.
You'll find some real good reading on this website, www.democrats.com.
Here's a lady in plantation.
Hello.
Hello.
Lady in plantation.
Let's see how to want to hang up on this, because I know she must do this.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Oh, hi.
You didn't know my first time calling ever a radio station.
Great.
I probably shouldn't, but I voted for Al Gore, and I'm just really strong for him.
And I also voted this morning, and when I pulled out my card, that that did stay under
the cannon.
I got really nervous.
But then when you look at the book list, the book list says Al Gore is number three,
so the third dot was pumped.
So I assume that everything was okay with it.
Now, say it, say that again.
Okay.
The actual card when you slide it in, and you, you know,
it'll punch the hole for Al Gore.
When you pull out the card, and you actually look at the card, the dot is under the name of the
Buchanan.
But then if you look back at the book list, it says, um, which is number two, Al is number three,
and the cannon is four.
Right.
So when you look at the dot, it's the third dot, so I assume that I don't know why they
would put the names on the actual card.
Start to get a little paranoid now, aren't we?
Yeah.
Well, no, it actually got me a bit of a smoothness.
Because I never looked at the card once I pulled it out because I assumed, I mean, everything
was in line, you know what I mean?
And I just punched them, and they didn't seem to be any problem.
I never bothered working at it again because I had full confidence that everything was right
in line to where I punched it.
My mistake was looking at the card.
Yeah.
And then I got all nervous because the dot is under Buchanan.
Everybody in town is going like, what's the dot?
Well, you know, when you tend to the hole, I should say, the hole is under Buchanan's name.
So then I thought, oh my god, I didn't line up the card right.
So I put it back in, you know, and I was like, did I line up the card?
Well, as long as it was lined up next to a Gorge's name, that's all accounts.
That's how they have you do it, that's what they were.
Okay, and I won't keep repeating, but the book shows Gorge's number three.
Right.
The hole shows number three.
Right.
But on the card itself, where the hole is, you're okay.
You're okay, sweetheart.
Don't worry about it.
Don't lose any sleep.
Okay.
I think, you think one more time would have done it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Now, did we ever get that guy straight enough to put it in the book?
You don't keep your nose out of that hole, okay?
God, dammit.
Here's a mobile in Miami, hello.
Yes, sir.
How are you today?
I'm doing great.
Good, congratulations on being the sole voice of reason in this horrible town.
Yes, I am.
I have to tell you, it's just an amazing sense of frustration.
I look at George Bush, and here's a guy trying to remember what he's supposed to think,
as opposed to actually telling anybody what he wants.
He is such a concoction, such a fabrication of the media.
I mean, sometimes there are figureheads like Reagan, who are movie actors,
they're slick, they're good figureheads.
They remember their lines real well, they're very good.
This guy's a figurehead, he doesn't even do a good job of it.
And every one of these campaign stops, he's been using the same half dozen lines,
and cliches and buzzwords about Washington insiders,
and about the old, old, Washington style politics, and the dickering and the appelluses of the vision.
Same old crap, I mean, how could anybody buy in this?
He's just a bunch of glittering generalities that mean nothing.
He's not even a wonder myself, can't it?
He's not that deep.
No, it's just unbelievably frustrating.
He's a very question-
He's a crazy person, that's just amazing.
I know, but at least it's looking up a little bit right now.
Well, I hope so, really.
Can you imagine a Republican Congress, and a Republican-like Bush again?
No, I can't.
Really?
Or a political?
And there's a very agro-
I'll say it, if that happens, all of most of the people who voted for Bush who shouldn't
and believed all of the Sabbath, I think that's what they'll fight out with, it's ruthless.
Okay, it's very much to us now.
I have a good bet.
Mario Cuomo voted out last night.
The last time we had that, a Republican president and Congress 1956,
where I was in, and he made a very good point, and that is in 1956,
the Republicans weren't controlled by right-wing.
He was very kind.
He called them conservatives.
But what he really meant was, right-wing conservatives, because he was, you know,
ticking off the name's Tom Delay and Trent Lott and Yadi-adi-adi-adi, you know?
Then his pastor, rhymes with bastard.
And that's what you're going to have, baby, which is a real good idea.
You know something, before the day is out, you still have some time,
good day to get out of that passport office, or at least make a phone call,
get your application, get that thing in a mail.
You'll pass a port though.
More for banning.
Or is it isn't at spot?
I'm sorry.
Here's a mobile or less-pom beach, hello?
Hey, how you doing, Neil?
Okay.
Hey, I just wanted to let you know the crazy bush people up here on West Palm Beach
are got little children out on the busy corner out in front of a Christian school.
Oh, hey, I thought the Christian school, good, I like those little Christians.
Well, not just, not just a crew out in front of a Christian school,
but small children holding both for bush signs next to a busy highway.
They're all on the curb.
They don't care.
Those kids are out of the room, see if they get right over big deal.
They'll just make a whole bunch more.
But the fetuses are the only ones they care about.
Once you're out, they don't care.
Can you imagine dropping your children off at school and finding them out on the curb, you know, campaigning?
We're finding about in the middle of the street and heavy traffic.
Yeah, that's the crazy bush people up here on West Palm.
That's all I've got.
How's the event going up there?
Well, I don't see a lot of bush people.
I see out on the corners.
I haven't been by any voting booth yet, but out on the corners, all I see is more people.
All right.
Thanks for the good news, pal.
Yeah.
Yeah, your little kids out of the street, all you good Christians out there.
Cut the crap.
For those ads again, I'm so inspired when I read those ads, those full pay ads in this weekend's newspapers here.
With a Christian vote for Al Gore.
Seven issues from a political perspective.
These people need desperately to be put in an institution.
They need to be put away.
They go and understand that the rest of us don't care about their hallucinatory problems.
People want to be left alone.
That's what they want.
Left alone.
Like I said, DNA, stew and old harm.
Leave everybody alone and we'll all get along just fine.
And if you want to be a nerd, if you want to be a retard, go right ahead.
Just leave everybody alone.
And you can be a nerd.
You can be a born again, whatever you want.
You can even be like Julegerman, but hopefully not.
That's right.
Shouldn't have mentioned him today.
That's bad news.
How we doing that in Connecticut race?
Oh, see, as much as it would be self-defeating for a Democrat like yours truly, I think it would be poetic justice
that go out of Lieberman and win.
And then the Democrats failed to control or send it by one vote, that being the one in Connecticut,
where the governor has been appointed Republican to replace Lieberman.
Now, what is this?
Who got your vote today?
What is this poll from?
Oh, this is cute.
The American online, like these, like those polls make any sense.
It says, looks like W stands for win.
Sorry your guy lost.
Here's a AOL in viral clean, whatever the hell that is.
Pat, you can't afford to 23 votes.
Bush, 65,000, 816, grew up 44,898.
Native 34,80, 2.9%.
Other 840 is a 118,736 votes.
And Bush has got 65,000, 816.
Now, we're going to believe anything including our poll that we see on the Internet?
No.
No, because we're over here on the VAD.
All that to do is put up any national poll on the Internet and immediately 72 million Bush people
are running on there like there's a fire in their pants.
5,6705,60.
Here's a mobile in Naples.
Hello.
Hi Neil.
My girlfriend and I love your show.
We travel every day and two left two Fridays and we went into specks music over here in Naples.
And that's why we are under 100 years old.
Okay, great.
And we live in Naples.
You're the one.
No, we both went into specks the last two Fridays and 17 year old counterkits that the P-chains were never shipped.
And we've had about a million people come in and they have some, but we never got them.
No, but they don't have the key chains.
None of the specks do.
Right, wow.
I'm following this that way.
I'm sorry.
And then the other thing I have was, I know sometimes you're sitting on the whole material.
I got a great one for you.
Okay.
I'm hoping that I've been a professional waiter for about 20 years.
I've worked everything from five star to five star.
And I think you could have a great poll on sheep's world, sheep's sippers.
And I can give you the five-year-old quick headline.
British, the French, the Canadian, the French Canadian, and Bucky.
It's been a long time, you know, I've seen it all.
I mean, you cannot imagine what they eat.
I think we did that back when we had that high-tony thing going on, but it's a good one to do again.
That was awesome.
And then, I just want to say, we love your show.
And the only thing I hope out of today's poll is that top you can get the master.
Can you imagine a campaign advisor?
What do we get?
We got an after.
You've got an after-work.
That's right.
Okay, so I'll have a great thing.
Hey, Pat, you can.
And I hate to back the news, but there's a big message.
BYE BYE BYE!
From everybody in the universe.
1802 votes on our poll.
So take that and shove it, Mr. Hot Shot that sent me that poll before.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
Like a bunch of little kids, you know.
A bunch of little school kids in the sandbox.
We'll get a lot of that tomorrow.
If the bush might still win.
13 and retrieve votes for Gore, 72.3% in our poll.
Here in South Florida, which is going to make the difference.
South Florida will pick the balance in the selection.
In addition to which, see what this guy forgets.
All of those votes from Texas and Oklahoma.
And then that whole thing out there.
That little Rocky Mountain area where he's got all his Montana and the Dakotas.
And New Mexico, he doesn't have New Mexico.
Colorado.
Wyoming.
Which is where Dick is from.
What do I leave out?
Idaho.
All in Yahoo.
In fact, if you look at the states where Bush is ahead.
See, this is a real interesting way to judge this election.
When you try to analyze what America is all about, what it's become.
Take a look at the states where he's ahead.
I mean, really a head.
Here they're Alabama.
Probably he's a little background music.
Yeah, Alabama.
Alaska.
Arizona.
The most right wing of them all.
Arkansas.
You know what I say, Arkansas?
Sorry.
Colorado.
She Colorado.
I don't like long to win with.
Delaware.
No, she did.
This is wrong.
He's not going to win Delaware.
I'm not.
This is I'm going by the breakdown of this guy who's hallucinating about and may have been on target.
Georgia.
How's the matter?
He's still up there.
Idaho.
Indiana.
Kansas.
Kentucky.
Louisiana.
Maine.
He's not going to get you that's wrong.
Mississippi.
Montana.
Nebraska.
New Hampshire.
North Carolina.
North Dakota.
Oklahoma.
South Carolina.
South Dakota.
Tennessee.
Utah.
Virginia.
Wyoming.
Don't leave out.
Dick.
Wyoming.
You know what?
The one thing that those places all have in common.
Yahoo.
Places.
There's a post of the West Coast.
Those three states out there as opposed to the Northeast as opposed to like Maryland and
Delaware and Connecticut and Massachusetts and Maine and New York and Pennsylvania and Michigan
and Wisconsin and Minnesota and Florida or parts of it anyway.
Should give you a real tip off.
See, that's why it's so difficult now for anybody who's two steps to the rest of the two little 100 women presidential election in this country because we got a bunch of
mug ones here.
Yeah, that's right.
This is the mug one country.
All the people up there in Tennessee got like an extra thumb going out of where their earlobe was supposed to be.
I ride.
Let's pick it a little, baby.
Twenty-six after one at five sixty WQM.
The Neil Roger Show Sports Radio.
Five sixty.
Q.A.M.
My religion better than your religion.
My religion better than yours.
My beliefs are what requires you to avoid a lack of fire.
My religion better than yours.
My religion better than yours.
My religion better than yours.
My religion and the day industry and racial hate.
My religion better than yours.
I'm your religion stander than yours.
I'm your religion.
My religion better than yours.
What we like the most about is that I want to avoid it well as that.
Why religion better than yours?
My religion is not that aren't even written.
My religion better than yours.
We have no reason to worry about it.
It's time to think and live and smile.
My religion better than yours.
I believe it's better than George.
I believe it's better than George.
You fah-hah for us, Moopie-Bose.
We slaughter, take them, brought to both.
My religion's better than George.
My religion's better than George.
My religion's better than George.
Yes, we were keenly just to tell you
that we're the type of heavy-tailed,
heavy-tailed, and instead of George, please.
My religion's better than George.
Yes, my religion's better than George.
We now don't know surviving.
You like former brushes, you like you.
My religion's better than George.
The religious voter that you are, the religion.
My religion's better than your orders.
We were tied to pride, our bight,
and get to marry lots of wives.
My religion's better than George.
My religion's better than George.
My religion's better than George.
We know one is you, our bight,
for money was having got to raise.
My religion's better than George.
27 till 2 at 5.60 WQM.
Now, highly rated and award-winning Hank Obergs short, too.
You're giving him that award?
That's error.
What did they call it?
Error award?
Yes.
Error?
Oh, I thought I smelled something in the hallway.
I was sure that they got a whole bunch of people in here
that give him the Error award,
and we can regulate Hank on that.
Even though, of course,
Sam don't have to worry about it,
because they would never give me an award,
and even if they did, I wouldn't accept it,
because it is what it is.
It's a joke.
You know, the other one is that,
what is it to women in radio?
What do they call that thing?
You know what I'm talking about?
No, the other one's popular though.
Yeah.
There's another group down here that is a women in radio,
or media, whatever,
and they give awards.
The people look like Sandy.
Sandy used to get the word all the time.
Here's the fact that his George W.
has raised hypocrisy to New Heights.
He explores the philosophy of Christ,
but where in his teachings,
is the justification to be Stogeonervus
gets to the wealthy at the expense of the poor
and others in need.
To all the right-wing Bible-carrying hypocrites,
Reed St. Matthew, chapter 19 to 21,
if Jesus came down and confronted George W.
He would spit in his face.
He told me to do this.
Yeah.
Do it again.
Okay.
Okay, what do we got?
1829 votes.
It's funny how our poll seems to be so skewered
in this one direction, so skewed up.
With Al Gorewood, 72% in George W.
with only 18 and native, with only 4.8%.
Here's a call from Jamesville, Hall.
Hey, Niels, going on.
How you doing, sir?
Pretty good.
Pretty good.
I'm sitting here in one hand.
I got my passport in one hand and a bow
on the other.
I'm just waiting for the results of the selection.
You know, in games, I'll tell you,
you see some of the people up here,
all these push supporters.
They seem to be just all about image
and really not about substance.
And you got these people on campus here in the West,
passing out bush stickers and, you know,
gators for bush and gators want some bush.
And it seems like they're all about the image of it
and they had George P. Bush appear
speaking in early-early as on Friday.
And they really, they really try to rally the Republican
because there's no way to win.
Now, no one answered.
When George P. was up there, was he like running around the
dormitories, looking for his girlfriend screaming
and running around making stuff like that?
Oh, yeah.
He was probably squeezing it somewhere too, you know what I mean?
You know, they try to get this image thing going on.
Yeah, you got these girls and these lazy dudes and these,
you know, these blondes, these flaky girls
and these gators for bush stickers on there.
You just wonder, you know, you know,
I thought about it.
You kind of bought up earlier about the fact that
it's GW wins.
You're going to have the United States legislature
all Republican and, of course, the Florida legislature
will probably say Republican and then
we're just going to have this regime
and then just going to be, I don't know, man.
I think I'm headed for the Pamphlet office today, you know.
Amen. Well, squeeze the tightpout.
One last question. Yes, sir.
P.P. Park and Gordon is the Muckland and CF time.
Okay. And just both for Bush.
See ya.
See ya.
What do you want?
The sign that used to say,
the Robin Hood star and how they're calling it
broke player Park caught through the loop.
It's time for the change.
The new rules are to have the show up in your underwear
and no one ugly is allowed in there.
So you'll have a fun.
Checking out those funs.
Find different slides and sound.
So I can get my ticket up with the gainess over tight.
Just like my crew to the loom back around
over my golden mouth.
Now you can see a lot more as a case.
Since everybody is a dresser of fame
and you can look around to see what hanging down.
This is paradise, wow.
I never realized that the voodoo would fail me glad
and my jockey doesn't put off real since the Ravi is gone.
And now it's easy, Park.
Yeah!
Yeah!
Look at this awesome blonde man.
I'm gonna start on the floor.
I'm gonna run it all over.
Check that.
I'm gonna run it all the way down.
Well, I'll run.
What's that?
I ate an egg.
It's a falafel ball fish.
And that's a juicy neck out under wear, man.
I'm gonna run it all over my golden mouth.
I'm gonna run it all over my golden mouth.
I'm gonna run it all over my golden mouth.
I'm gonna run it all over my golden mouth.
I'm gonna run it all over my golden mouth.
I'm gonna run it all over my golden mouth.
I'm gonna run it all over my golden mouth.
I'm gonna run it all over my golden mouth.
I'm gonna run it all over my golden mouth.
I'm gonna run it all over my golden mouth.
I'm gonna run it all over my golden mouth.
And there's one of the panthers sucks so much.
Lack of talent, Jamie.
Also, it says, can I buy the best of Neal 2000?
And stores are only via the website.
In the stores, inspects everywhere.
They'd grow up on beach, even in Fort Myers and Naples.
They got your best of.
Thank you, Jamie.
God bless America.
5'6705 60.560 on the AT&T.
See, that's another thing with that bogus pool
from the internet that they said.
I mean, it would be like my saying,
oh, look at our pool.
Of course, we're all gonna win a landslide.
It's all four of you.
But I mean, you don't represent something
as being what it's not.
But it's part of the psychology.
It's the pack mentality that they've been appealing to all along.
Just like we're doing in New Hampshire.
Did they win New Hampshire?
No.
They got their asses ticked big time by John McCain.
Big time.
Here's sunrise.
Hello.
Yeah, I do.
Okay.
First of all, I voted for Gore.
Gore Lieberman.
And secondly, the butt-the-guy that was talking about
how human abusers just funds once a vote on Saturday.
Yeah.
First of all, I think I heard something
that you can vote on the internet at the government,
at some government offices.
And that's the reason why he voted on Saturday,
just to let him know.
You can vote on the internet?
Yeah.
I'm pretty sure.
And if you think you know the guy's voted on Saturday.
Okay.
So just let him know.
All right.
And like I said, Democratic all the way and go Gore.
Okay.
You believe that George, you can vote on the internet?
No.
Not yet.
Not yet on the internet.
But, you know, who knows?
Maybe the members all kinds of votes coming in.
Who knows where they're coming from?
Maybe that lady can call back again and tell me about how it was
three and four and you can't in whatever.
Just one more time.
I think we missed it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the AT&T
and Verizon Wireless One.
It's big nail.
It's big in a boat of it.
Ah, it's so nice to see your shoes.
It's such a refreshing thing to do.
The rest of you is a fancy place.
George, we're still all good.
There were no that way.
All the items the order
took to your old house at 1 and 4.
Whereup with the road?
See it on those shoes?
I tried to melt the balls out.
Like there the enemy that we were.
I guess my favorite is the season to shine by.
Starting from behind until I felt the last one.
Oh, I don't think I'll ever matter if I was flush.
Oh, it's so nice to see your shoes.
George, we're at something that only guides you.
The rest of you is a fancy place.
Still all the children know that way.
All the items the order took to your old house at 1 and 4.
Or it's so nice to see your shoes.
It's such a refreshing thing to do.
Ah, it's so nice to see your shoes.
That's one of my favorite things about that rich, rich day house.
God, it's fun.
Magnetry before every meal before I sit down, I sort of speak.
Go in and take a leak.
And always with it early, when they just opened it,
they got the fresh ice in the urinal.
Like tons of it.
And you see how much of it you can melt away.
It's like a contest.
Yeah.
And you're right.
You're like pointing different directions,
like a little over here, a little over there.
And it's like a meltdown.
You like the meltdown, even when you were to make a big hole.
And now you're women out there.
You see you may be able to strap one on,
but guess what, ladies, even with a strap on, job,
you can't pee on cubes.
That's right, unless you got really strange posture.
Okay, where we go.
Now, in a serious day, it's one of the great delights
in Ruth's Kris Stakehouse.
They got the best ice tubes in the urinal.
And the food is great.
Here's a mobile in Tavernir.
Hello.
Good afternoon, Leo.
Yes, sir.
You know, one thing that's really disturbing,
and you mentioned it before, was with all these new stations,
and all these talking heads,
and with all the facts about this guy,
it's amazing that he was able to not answer any questions
as his visors, visors,
a couple of weeks ago.
He's not answered any reporters' questions,
and nothing's been done on the media about this guy.
Yeah, they've given him a free pass.
I mean, even forgetting about the DWI thing
and about the fact he lied to the reporter in Dallas,
just the thing in the military,
I mean, it was on the front page in the Boston Globe.
It's been in Paul Begallo's book for an eternity.
It's on all these websites.
It's not something that's some crazy wildlife
liberal made up,
and yet they just don't care about this.
I don't get it.
I don't need it. It's very sad.
But anyway, I think this is a media's revenge for Clinton,
and they're doing it by curiously through Al Gore.
I think that's what this is.
Well, I found more information on your website.
Thanks to Eric.
Great job, Al Gore.
You're right.
And there's another website that I was trying to find
some information on Pop Bar.
And the whole boy,
he has got Republicans with,
called with their pants down.
Check it out,
and when people are done voting for Gorge today,
drive up the Georgia and get down out of there too.
Okay.
All right.
Thanks a lot, Bill.
And speaking of Bob Bar, what do you say?
It's a lie.
I am not a Nazi.
Just take a look at that little mustache,
you know,
bring a lot of things back to mind, you know.
Lots of things.
5,6705,650,
0560 on the AT&T,
or there's a video patch rotor.
One thing we could come together on is that we really don't
mean that our congressmen or senators are the president
and our badgerings telling us what to do.
Like I said, nice going, Pat.
She just gives me the creeps, you know.
She is one of the most,
she always tends to look kind of safe like somebody just farted real bad.
Oh, God.
That team,
they're like, oh, yeah.
And that's what I think when I see her exactly that same thing.
They're like, yeah.
What are we doing?
It's 12,4205, 60,
let's go to a cool spring.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
It's got back from Italy.
And the acronym for this country should not be US.
Should be SS.
Yeah.
Bad and scary.
Right.
Because the people over there are laughing at us.
It's unreal.
I have a friend of mine that I do business with over there and we were sitting down talking politics and stuff like that.
And he said, you know,
the whole Clinton thing, they were laughing.
Yeah.
It was just a big deal.
They shouldn't be laughing at us about the election though, because the Italian government changes his offense.
They change the underwear over there, you know.
Every couple of weeks.
That's true.
But this whole thing today, I'm just, I think I have irritable belts in the room today.
Yeah.
I don't know what's going to happen.
Well, I think at least there's a little bit of hope though.
Maybe not much, but it looks like there's a shot.
Yeah, but it shouldn't be this close.
I know.
I mean, there's a lot of the scary thing about it.
Well, one of the most lots of the election.
Well, you can blame the public and they do deserve a lot of blame because they're pretty dumb.
But also blame in the media.
But blame the Gore campaign.
I mean, for quite a lot of, like so many people are sitting in the last few days, instead of dwelling on.
Social security, which only panders to one demographic group.
They should have been talking about it.
It's still the economy, stupid.
And taking credit for the things that have happened in the last eight years and talking about the prosperity.
And are you better off now than you were eight years ago?
Like we were saying before when Reagan came in.
That's what they should have been doing.
And they really ran a cock-out campaign.
Yeah, but he did a lot of things wrong.
You should have ever taken a leave in the Senate.
That's the well, that goes without saying.
That was it.
And there's the hidden factor that we're never really going to know, because nobody will fuss up to it.
But that's the hidden factor today is the anti-Semitic vote out there against three women.
Well, I mean, I just, where, what is he thinking?
In fact, when I saw his name on the ballot there when I punched the word this morning, I saw a leave of it.
I said to myself, oh boy, I had to hold my nose a little bit.
Yeah, and about that ballot thing.
How could anybody possibly be, if you can't always know, like number eight.
He was like the eighth spot on the ballot.
Yeah.
I don't know what these people are talking about.
I mean, I, I had no problem at all.
I mean, the fact that I didn't does make it so.
But I mean, my ballots fit on the whole on the thing perfectly on the two pegs.
Yeah, I punched the things and that's it.
And I put it in that little thing and I handed it to the guy and he tore off his part.
And I stuck my thing in a box and I took my little sticker.
Yes, I voted.
That was the end of that.
That's it.
I mean, these people are getting a little paranoid.
The, the scarier part about this guy possibly being president, not only being president, but having all the people in Congress to back him.
Yeah.
Is, is the people that are out there voting for you?
I mean, people, if you can't punch the right hole in the ballot, say the hell home.
Exactly.
Jesus Christ.
Oh, I got you.
Neil pass the portal and I'm squeezing his thigh.
Well, keep your fingers crossed.
Okay.
And call me if you want to be a little scared.
Ciao.
Bye.
Nine minutes before two at five, 60 WDQM.
Most of the bany, we're like they say in that spot.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Multi bany.
Multi bany.
That's what I think W's been taking.
Most of the bany's.
And that's why he acts like that.
Neil Roger show sports radio.
Five, 60.
Hey.
Hi, this is Lance Scott, like a near listening to South Florida's number one hockey fan,
Neil Rogers on sports radio, five, 60 QAM.
Well, the happy star father over here talks about the old country.
I was five years old and playing for a lonely team.
But it's time I miss goal against the last red sport mix.
Coach Madden up, put me in small paths, but what I'm tripping on my head for 12 hours.
Next time I miss goal, KGP ranked my model.
But it's time I scored goal because against my dear young staff and fearless leader gave my family peace of peace.
That's what dancers will again.
