But yeah, we've all been on all five, six times a call.
It's final in jail free in Dayton,
and we're all out of my 60 on your cell.
All the opinions of the yesterday,
yesterday, and it's in college.
You met me.
That was your college of the beastly good.
That's why it is not advertisers or agency.
Now, here's Neil Roger on 516-CAM.
I know that the guard even runs in your address.
We want to go now to your closing statements,
Governor Bush's first.
Thank you, Jim.
What I care about is failure.
And you know what?
It can happen in America with the right kind of leadership.
Surely this nation can come together to encourage doctors
to take the lives of our seniors.
Oh, tonight's comment on that.
I make.
I would sign a law banning that procedure.
If I'm entrusted with the presidency,
here are the choices that I will make.
I'll cut health care, prescription drugs, education,
and national defense, put our budget into deficit,
raised interest rates, and put up property.
I can't let the man continue.
I believe that Governor Bush is a national asset.
Correct, but all right.
That's his totally false.
Wait a minute, he's totally false.
For him to stand up here and say that,
thank you, Governor Bush.
No, I'm not president and go wrong.
You're welcome.
So always the best thing that W.S. had last night.
Eww.
That was the best.
In fact, he started off on a real high note
when he was talking about his regrets
for the passing along, his sympathy for the death of those people
or last night, other than today, other than this morning,
about whatever was the people you were going to talk about.
For those dead people.
And it went down from there.
Oh!
And there were people out there saying,
oh yeah, Bush won the debate.
He was really strong.
He was really good, huh?
Yeah.
Affirmative assholes.
W.S. talking about that push right to...
Yeah, he's for affirmative assholes.
In fact, he's like a post-it child for affirmative assholes.
Wow.
I'm going to tell you something.
You see how close all of your states are now?
All of your key states like Florida goes to points
of annabelle's before last night.
And Oregon and Washington and just a really
and very important state.
So anybody out there who's registered in the vote
who thinks that you're going to pass, take a pass this time.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Oh, look at that.
Somebody dick with my a single here.
Go take no pass, okay?
You got about three or four times.
Yeah.
Just like W.S. said, they're at the end.
All your people from my opponent don't want more than one.
So I guess what, we're voting four times.
How do you like that, W?
I thought the highlight of the debate was right there
at the beginning when Goura F.D.
wrote a Bush bumble around his sympathies.
And the first or second question Goura walked right over to him.
I thought we were going to have a fist fight.
Looks like we're going to have a bra
which would have been sensational.
It would have been spectacular.
The market is taking another big dump today
where you're on here about that.
I think that all your money is vanishing.
Some great bargains are developing out there.
I'm telling you right now.
The Dow was down.
You won't believe this, but the Dow
about 10 minutes ago was down 438 points.
It's now down a mere 399 points.
The NASDAQ was down 171.
Now it's down only a mere 135 and a half.
As our money just keeps vanishing into thin air.
But it's only on paper.
Don't forget that.
So I have great value.
How about if I give some great value stocks?
Are they like Nokia, huh?
I'm not going to give you the stocks that I've got.
Well, maybe I will.
Like Nokia, down to 28 and a half bucks.
That's like stealing.
Right?
Xerox 7 and a half bucks.
Even if they got a business,
it's still a low price to buy that.
Right?
Like Boston chicken.
Wow.
So we're going to get some real heavy duty input
on that debate.
I'm sure that I'm going to get some heavy.
Oh, no.
I've heard yesterday here on the show we had as usual,
we've got people that like to dick around with our poor,
but you're not fooling the old man.
You continue to try to fool the old man.
You can't do it.
As of about 6 o'clock last night,
I'll put a question with you to show back to guest
in topics after George had that great show on Friday
with a Palestinian broad posing as him,
as really.
But anyway, should we go back to guest in topics?
And the choices were absolutely not once in a while,
or yes.
Yes, meaning all the time.
Well, yes, only had 53,
a half, three, six point three percent.
But as of 6 o'clock last night,
absolutely not was about 30 or 40 votes ahead
and pulling away.
And then all of a sudden,
it always seems to happen right around 6 or 7 o'clock.
Must have been the cheap channel people got on.
There were emails with each other
and started getting on to your work.
Yeah, because they'd love to have us go back to topics.
Wouldn't they?
Yeah, I'm going guests.
So all of a sudden, they started getting all these votes.
But first time instead of doing it real obviously,
like that other time,
they like, you know, 10 here, 20 there,
and they're all for once in a while.
So once in a while came up with 404,
absolutely not 380.
Are we going to have guests in topics on the show?
No, no.
Over my dead body.
I'll tell you that right now.
I'm okay.
How many guys in Palestinian or Italian gun bars
come out of the woodwork?
I'm telling you right now,
there ain't going to be no freaking guests on the show,
except the course for the Maddie Bell Hour,
which is coming up 11 o'clock this morning.
Maddie's going to do a 7 hour on great talk radio.
Yeah.
Well, I guess they're going to do a 7 hour on how to be an asshole
and believe me, I can't think of anybody
who knows better than he does.
Here are some shocking news,
some of the greatest news I've ever seen
that last call on the worst team for anybody
who listened to our money show was the guy with the eyes.
That show yesterday was Dave the cop
talking to China for this cardinals.
Are they in the series of the cardinals?
No, at least I might check.
So all the chronics that we finally have,
we're pushing them back in the morning show
because I guess we figure what difference is it make?
Can it hurt that morning show?
No, not at this point.
So now I guess they're so desperate on this
that they're taking the chronics
that we're like siphoning away.
But you soon they'll be talking to him.
Wouldn't surprise me.
That'll probably be the morning right before the end of the show.
It's like our good friend Steve from Hollywood
that calls at the beginning of, well,
wait till you hear this boys and girls.
Mike Trout.
You think he's came to Trout's ear?
Mike Trout the long time co-host
on Focus on the Family President James Dodson's
popular radio program said Monday he had an
inappropriate relationship with a woman other than his wife.
And had no choice but to resign from ministry
that stresses the sanctity of marriage.
There we go again.
Huh?
There you go again.
In an hour long interview with his Colorado Springs
home, Trout 53, city quitwinded because his behavior violated
moral standards that focus on the family employees agreed to follow.
I'm greatly saddened said Trout has been married for 31 years.
I didn't work at Focus on the Family for 19 years because of
the paycheck or the benefits or the positive environment.
I worked at Focus on the Family because I believe
in what we were doing.
I know that might sound strange but I violated it.
Trout was reluctant to discuss the tales of the
after-murror relationship citing the feelings of either
of the other family involved.
He said the woman was not a focus on the Family employee.
He called a relationship not a long term thing and said it's over.
He called a relationship emotional.
Go best known as Dodson's on air sidekick Trout spent most of his time managing
the focus on the Family broadcast division as a senior vice
president, the only person at the ministry to hold that title.
When he came to focus on the family, he was one of 30 employees.
There are now 1,300.
This is the same James Dodson in Port Lauderdale with
an obnoxious radio show that your mayor,
Mary Jim Nagel in Port Lauderdale, goes on the air with and
consorts with and spews his bigotry in homophobia and other
hatred against on that program.
The same James Dodson with this former bunk butt buddy
that his sidekick, Mike Trout.
We'll see him no more.
And just like I told you yesterday, just like magic air this
single time, you find one of these goody two-shoes finger-point
bigoted, you come to find out that their skeleton is just
rattling all over the place.
You'll wrap them over here.
Florida Gore is ahead by two points in the latest poll.
Is there any but- and now I love the thing about the young people.
You see the kid with the bad ears that asked the question,
oh there's a guy with the eyes and the kid with the bad ears.
But anyway, I said the question about young people are asking
and the Gore came back with a good answer.
Are you going to do the things that you promised to Gore said,
yes, which was then he went and elaborated.
And Bush was going, you see that startled the deal and
had like looked at Bush getting on the space.
And Jim Lear again, horrible questions.
See, the way this worked yesterday is those people who sat in the
audience all wrote out their questions.
And then Jim Lear yesterday afternoon got picked and chose which ones
they would ask and then they could ask the one question.
Will there anything on abortion?
No, on the woman's right to chew out on the abortion pill.
Oh, there are all these different issues that could have been discussed
and said we had a woman ask it about what can we do to make parents
more respond more involved in their children's education.
What kind of a question is that?
And then the lot of course about morality and then the
sparks are what I know about the death penalty and is w
proud of all the execution which no candidate since the cock is
of course, put his foot in his purse is going to say that they were
against the death penalty.
So that was just the total waste of time.
But nevertheless it certainly was entertaining especially
the part where Gore walked over the bush and I thought it was just going
to punch him right out.
But that had been great.
He had gone up 30 points.
He would have skyrocketed up immediately.
CBS pull afterwards and I'm really shocked that it was that close.
This had grow 145 to 40% and the other can't figure it out.
They're still trying to figure it out.
Yeah.
Yeah.
But this, oh and then George Peebosch, the nephew, you know, Jebson,
who don't look that good anymore, thank God.
They hit him on CNN I guess before the debate.
And he's talking about how much should the debates have contributed
to the understanding, contributed.
I thought I must write in the family because he's not a banana boat guy.
His mother is Mexican but he was born in raised here and educated here.
He's our peculiarity even though he's talking about a craft about how this year
was going to be a record breaking year and more young people were going to host
it ever before.
Guess what, Junior?
What?
What is the peace stand for in George Peebosch?
10 minutes after 10 to 560 WQM.
No question of the further made it we should have to have written commission
at WQM.
This is why it's called group inquiry.
Come on.
Come on.
No, the Aflac casting call.
All right Tom Brokos.
I'm broke off.
Aflac.
Again Tom?
Aflac.
One more time Tom.
Aflac.
I'm losing a second part.
One more.
Aflac.
My Tyson.
My Tyson.
Yes, my Tyson.
Stop saying what I'm saying.
I'll say what I'm saying.
I'll say what I'm saying.
Aflac.
Again.
Again.
Next.
Jesse Jackson.
Aflac.
Aflac.
Aflac.
Jesse M.
Sorry but the duck is white.
Next.
We, Alan.
Just nothing to duck the twerk.
Stay to the Scredmester, Alan.
It's crazy.
It's insanity.
Great to lie, please.
Why would a duck speak?
Next.
Next.
The great Sean Connery, sir.
Welcome, sir.
Welcome.
Welcome, sir.
Just rate the line, please.
Aflac.
Excuse me, sir.
Again.
Aflac.
Sir, I'm sorry.
That second part of the line, I don't...
I'm simply saying.
Aflac.
Next.
Oh, God.
I guess you're going to kill me.
God, free it over here.
All right.
Give it to me, Gilbert.
That's what.
How old are you, Gilbert?
That's what.
Well, Gilbert, I pretty much hate you.
And I think you're terrible.
But, you're the close thing we got.
You got the job.
That's the Dean of 560WQAM.
Rabbi tells our congregation a personal struggle in St. Petersburg in all places.
How do you like that?
I bet they don't.
Rabbi Steven F. Mock said he's been dealing with a wall of fear and to get over it, he decided
to take a difficult step.
And a little last week to his temple, Bethel, congregation mocked Rokhati as gay and they decided
to his flock only after much agonizing.
Oh, oh.
And his letter he asked for understanding that he wanted to tell his congregation himself.
Over the course of time, I have wrestled with my sexuality and made it with a few guys and recognized
that I'm gay, he wrote, he's 49 years old and Yadi Yadi Yadi.
So far, the range of reactions unclear.
Members who were contacted had no comment.
But in the letter that I'd like to members it about the same time Mock did.
Temple President Cecil Berko said the Berko.
Sounds like he's sure to come Berko with, don't it?
Yeah.
Cecil Berko said the temple's board met it with Mock on October 11th.
We reaffirmed our commitment to the congregation in Rabbi and we're going forward with open
minds and open hearts for Rokhoto.
Mock came to temple Bethel from Springfield, Illinois where for six years he was a Rabbi temple
with Shalom.
He's been separated from his wife Jacqueline, they mocked him three children.
I do like that.
Fuff, it's good enough for the priest who's going to come up for the freaking Rabbi.
I thought that when I sat down this morning since we're now only less than three weeks away from the
election and after last night's civil aid and debate number three, the last and final one.
I thought that these lines would be smoking here this morning.
Oh, they smoking?
No, no, maybe the audience is smoking.
Here's a call in the key, hello?
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir?
Make a laser.
Maybe a laser what?
The Archie team.
What about them?
They suck it.
What?
They suck it.
Why don't they have a gold shender?
Can you name me anybody on the team?
No, I'm okay.
5, 6, 7, 8, 5, 6, 8.
Here we are, here is South Florida.
The election is less than three weeks away.
The poor show Florida is within two points within the statistical margin of error.
Dead heat, even Stephen.
The future of your children, the future of America is hinging, laying on it.
And the first call on the Neil Rogers show this morning, Maple leaves.
They're the best.
Doesn't know one player on the team doesn't know that they've lost three of their first five games,
that they have no defense with you, that they're playing like crap.
The guy's over the age of 100.
Where is everybody again this morning?
Where are these people with their fricking reaction?
Oh, that's right, they pissed off because they're not all up there, worked up about Israel.
That's right, I forgot about that.
Sorry, am I sorry about it?
No, absolutely not.
That was prophetic.
There was worse than the guy with the eyes, not saying the lie.
56670560, pound 560 on the 18th.
I mean, I got all the stuff here, but I thought for sure that people would have something to say here this morning.
You know what they got to say?
That's what they got to say.
Holy crap, and you want just and fricking topics?
And don't get panicking, that was only $257.103.
It's making a nice comeback.
It blows, just like the Maple Leafs, it blows.
Parkland, hello.
Hi, how are you?
I'm trying to understand something.
I don't know if you watched, you know, how they do the analysis on the people that haven't made up their mind.
Yes, I saw two of them.
I saw the one I'm seeing in, and then I saw the one on CBS.
I don't understand what a few of the people were saying that Gordon answered the questions.
And I'm like, were they watching the same thing that they said?
No, it was obvious to me that the one on CBS that those people that all made up their mind ahead of time that they were lying to their teeth, especially,
and you could tell when you looked at them who they were in the support.
There was no questioning in my mind.
Right, I just have a hard time.
But it was interesting, the group in St. Louis were, however the hell they had with Luttsy,
and at the school, the church building where they were, and they had to large 22 people in there with them,
all of them kept a goal under debate, no matter who they supported, they also go on at the date.
Oh, absolutely.
And like you touched on earlier, when Gordon walked over to him at the beginning,
I, what I said in there, I knew his debate.
I mean, Gordon didn't win the debate from there on up.
And Bush had that here that looked at, a stupor-fied look on his face all the time.
It's almost like he's holding up a sign saying, God am I stupid and don't you just love it?
So you get no question, you know where the van can be put out?
Not yet.
So it's all right.
I'll let you know.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Okay.
Well, let you know as soon as the, then if you and Miguel, you know, get out of the sack and,
are they in the sack together this morning?
Well, it could be a lot.
5.6705.60, 05.60 on the 18th, he and Verizon Wireless Line.
West Coast is open and the rest of the world, 877, 785, 6345.
Here's a mobile and book.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hi, you there, when I was left at the bird last night, and it's amazing that there are a lot of people
to ask questions that no relevant to 95% of this country.
Right.
And Jim Laird, this guy from PBS, this fossil is Jackass.
He's the one picking from all their questions and deciding.
And to give that one man like him an old fossil like him that much power to influence what the debate's going to be about is his ridiculous.
Why didn't they just let people get up and spontaneously ask the questions?
Maybe they should bring the president to Miami or South Florida, with nothing else as we need.
Yeah, we can get a question like the first guy ahead, yeah.
Yeah, but the question I have is, why, I mean, I understand that they have these new stream reporters.
So why don't they come up with some guys who are actually putting themselves to the test so we can see how they operate in the fight.
Any less on point?
We'll leave.
Yeah, so we'll leave.
So we'll have to show a couple of hardballs, something they'll put their feet in the floor like Larry King, right?
Oh, there you go.
5670560, 0560, 0560.
This is real good so far.
Anybody under 100 listening today?
Uh-huh.
One or two?
Here's Miramar.
Hello.
Hey, Neil's morning.
Yes, sir.
Listen, answer me a question.
Why is it that all Jewish people are liberal?
They're not.
99% of the people that I hear calling into your show.
How about the guy who's doing those commercials that Ben, what's his name, Ben Shine, Ben Aflach, whatever's name is?
I don't know.
He's a right-wing Jew.
He's proud of it.
He's a wealthy right-wing Jew.
There's plenty of those people.
But there's a right-wing Jew.
And I'm not being proud of this.
I'm asking of, you know, so what's going to be?
A Jewish tradition to be liberal in the care about social issues.
That's part of Jewish tradition.
That's part of the Jewish ethic.
That's correct.
Are you Jewish?
Yes.
How long have you listened to this program?
How long have you listened to this program?
Five years.
You're asking me am I Jewish?
Five years too many.
But anyway.
Five years too many.
Yeah.
You have to go to confession and confess to your priest that you've been listening to the show and you feel bad about it?
Actually, I don't feel bad about it.
Oh, okay.
But anyways.
So how could you possibly ask me if I'm Jewish?
Well, how many, how many non-Jews you've used your Jewish words on the earth?
I mean, one thing's being Jewish and the other one is practicing.
No, I don't practice.
I know.
And that's why I was asking.
That's why I was asking.
No.
But I'm a practicing atheist.
I'm working at a feverish league.
You said the other day you weren't going to vote.
And I changed my mind.
I'm going to vote five times.
You're going to vote five times.
And I'm voting for grower.
I know that will give you upset.
But I'm voting for grower.
No, no, no.
Listen.
This is democratic country.
Right.
And I have a vote.
Because I can't vote for a moron who is dangerous.
I can't do it.
Well, you know, I'm not calling out moron even though I think he is.
No, he's not.
I respect what he thinks.
No, he may be wouldn't.
And he may not be charismatic.
But he's certainly not a moron.
We definitely don't have a leader in the car.
That is correct.
I absolutely correct.
We have no charismatic leader out there.
And the few that are out there.
You see, you're far under this trap of getting sucked into this liberal thing.
Libros are evil and liberals are bad and liberals are good.
No.
Then all your money.
And let me ask you, isn't Clinton relevant to Bush?
When you say that Clinton is a liberal?
I think on some issues he likes to be.
I'm talking about relevant to Bush.
Oh, definitely.
Okay.
Now, has Clinton been a bad president?
Forget about his, you know, his moniker and all those penis problems.
But other than that, would you say he's been a bad president?
I don't think he's been bad.
But I do take into consideration the personal life of somebody.
So in other words, John Kennedy was a bad president.
Of course, Roosevelt was a bad president.
Eisenhower was a bad president.
Nixon was a bad president.
All these people were bad presidents.
Okay.
They were screwing around.
The fact is that there was nobody out to get them.
Even though it worked with the Kennedys, everybody knew what was going on there in the White House.
But they had enough propriety to know that you separate these people's personal lives
and they're screwing around with nobody's business.
No, I agree with that.
What I don't agree with in Kennedy's situation is that his family bought his way up.
That's correct.
And that, that I had a bad all of a sudden.
Well, how about Bush?
Well, how about Bush?
That's true.
Who got the gentleman C. at Yale?
That's true.
Uh-huh.
That's true.
There is a lot of money in the United States.
And who went up in the National Garden didn't go to Vietnam
and wound up disappearing in Alabama for a year and never bothered showing up.
Hang on a second.
Hang on a second.
When we brought that up about Clinton, then everybody said who cares?
Well, why was it relevant?
If you brought it up about Clinton, then why wouldn't you bring it up about Bush?
It's just like Clinton.
You know, he didn't inhale the one time.
And everybody met.
A lot of people made a big deal about that.
He tried marijuana, but he didn't inhale.
Here's a guy that's got a substance abuse problem.
That's an admitted alcoholic.
And rumors are that he also likes to little up the nose.
And you don't have a problem with that.
Uh, not if he's been sober and dry for, you know, for exomatopoeia.
Let me say to you again, an alcoholic is an alcoholic for life.
And he could be dry for 20 years, for 30 years.
And that doesn't guarantee that if for under some circumstances,
or under some stress, he wants to pick in a drink,
then he isn't going to become irresponsible again.
I don't want an alcoholic being the president.
No, no, but I don't think I'm on the nuclear button.
I also don't want to first lady that's a manic depressive in my house.
So, I mean, we can look at all of that.
How about a first lady that's a dyke?
Yeah, well, that's what you got now.
Well, I am the president against that.
But it's in the circuit. Well, he likes dykes.
No, I'm not that. That's how I said.
I said, do I need to have a problem with what they do in their personal life?
Oh, you do like dykes, though. If you had a couple of hot looking dykes, you wouldn't mind them.
Except if they're going to be in the White House.
Then I have a problem with them.
What about if they're in the Lincoln bedroom?
The Lincoln what?
Okay, sir. Thanks.
A looking bedroom.
And that was a good line. The Lincoln bedroom.
Boba turned the Lincoln bedroom into the Lincoln bedroom.
Oh, yes, totally.
That's something to do with that.
Well, I think everybody was getting some, huh?
What's the problem with that?
Everybody was getting some.
They went a good, most of the time until it was made public.
And then she got real, surely about it.
And then, ugly little daughter of theirs, oh boy.
We're the frizzy here.
What is her name?
I can never figure her name.
Don't even say it.
Let me see how long it takes before the name comes back.
If you paid me, if you gave me all the money back right now that I'm lost in the market on paper,
I still couldn't tell you what her name is.
Chassis.
See, the money did it.
That's being Jewish.
26 after 10 at 5, 60 WQM.
He got that. That's not just actual.
Oh, yes.
Everybody's taking a break until now.
Nama baby, say the bill of wash-out.
If there's something inside of them making you ill now.
Nama baby, say the bill of wash-out.
No, not just this, it's this, who we did it to.
You just walk on a bed, get the sick and who.
To come, come, come, say the bill of wash-out.
How could it be a 90 minutes of last-minute debate?
How could 90 minutes go by?
And not one person, especially the women, in an audience last night.
Right there in San Luis.
Now, one woman had a question about a fashion and about the are you pregnant till?
And about Bush's hysterical, fanatic, fetus hugging thing.
Not to mention, of course, that he wants to divert all this money to so-called charitable
and the religious organization to all their great work.
The religious right and big business, right there at San Luis.
I mean, what can you say about Bush?
Oh, he's a little guy, kind of funny looking.
Well, I'll be sorry that.
5.670560, 0.560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless lines.
Don't forget, best of the LCDs and cassette inspects all of the software,
including the Ecos and 4 buyers.
You can order your cassettes and CDs and teachings at wqm.com,
on your wagons.com.
And the guys will be going out somewhere today, as soon as they let us know.
As soon as they decide to get off their lands.
Here's a lady, no, the important water deal.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
Hi.
The moderator, Wolf Blitzer, was moderating the panel in Warren, Michigan.
And I thought that day where the most incisive group.
Yeah.
And you recall, they were talking about the fact that McCrombe County,
which is where more war in is, is the most pivotal.
That's key county, because those were so-called Reagan Democrats in 80.
Well, that's really good news.
What I wanted to make a comment on was the fact that the passing heads afterwards,
I did not hear one of them say anything about Bruce's rambling.
I mean, there were several times when I thought the little endurance one, honestly.
And he got back into a quarry, started doing that rambling.
I was thinking about affirmative access.
Then he started turning to the moderator, the Jim Leroy.
Oh, you know, we agreed on the rules.
He made the rules.
And we, like a little kid in the classroom, was about the fact that the teacher.
That's exactly what I thought.
It's like a little kid.
And it's been known that playing by the rule.
Anyway, I just felt your opinion between hot and fast.
And I also didn't like how CNN.
I immediately put on a disc-cainy styled by John McCain.
I thought that was-
Did you leave them in on there too?
They were all making the rounds.
Be who I was suspect.
Yeah.
Anyway, I just wanted to give my comments and thanks about a big day.
Okay, vote early and often.
You bet.
Okay, bye-bye.
Yeah, all you folks out there, yeah, and you duck folks, you better get out there,
baby.
I'm telling you that right now, as you want to be picking cotton in about six months,
you better get out there and vote three, four times.
No excuses this time.
Better get all your folks out there, all your people.
And all you Jews out there, the old Jews in the condo,
you better, if you have to take you walker, if you have to squeeze your bag on the way to the
void, you have a polling place, just do it.
Bring up along somebody with you to squeeze it for you while you're punching your thing in about two.
Look, look at this.
This is pathetic.
This is sad.
I'm not going to sit here and go through all kinds of generations to get a comment out of this crowd.
This is pathetic.
Okay, George is going to do another show on the Middle East.
Now, George, I'm going home.
I mean, there's a couple of calls under, but this is weak to the extent of, I'm in birth.
I'm more in birth for this town.
It's always this way here, always.
Yeah, well, nobody cares about this.
You're the only one.
Nobody cares, and it's a bad choice.
How could you not care?
They got a guy on CNBC this morning.
I know, I don't know what his name is.
I wish I did know his name.
He's not on there anymore.
Now, thank God.
And this guy is as transparent as a painted glass.
He's talking about why a pharmaceutical should be strong.
This is when the market was crashing, which is still not too good, but in the first few minutes.
And he's saying, well, pharmaceutical should be good, depending on who wins the election.
And the only hope we've gotten in the coming months is for a tax cut, but that takes a long time to kick in.
Why didn't he have a bush?
My first take around his forehead.
Big business, special interest, and the fanatical religious right.
That's what this man is all about.
He could package it anyway.
He can make all kinds of self-deprecating jokes like he did there at the end about, please only vote once.
And all of a sudden, he's a crap.
He's a douro bird.
He's a moron.
He's number than sawdust.
And to see these people, and I understand, Goroz about his inspiring as a fruit fly, but nevertheless,
he wants that thing with any kind of objectivity last night.
Goro buried him.
He buried him alive.
The man kept backing himself into a corner, grabbing on to Jim Laird's hand.
Like, oh, please help me out.
No matter the rules, remember the rules.
The first thing there at the end about that $40,000,000 for social security.
How do you people like to be putting your money in the stock market right now that you're planning on retiring on?
Anybody, any volunteers?
Oh, I don't think so.
In addition to what even his own people admitted, that's a whole scam that could never possibly work,
and will bankrupt the whole social security fund.
But instead of really answering the question, well, if an old high school debate he tricked a vacant attack on your opponent,
every time there's a dispute about the facts, every time Goro would pick issue with any position.
If he turns rise to turn into a personal attack.
And his old response is, wow, I get along with everybody,
and I can work for bipartisan and I'll get it done.
That's a difference.
I'll get it done.
Yeah.
It's only a half a step away from Ross Perot, rolling up your sleeves, and lifting up the engine, and just off the old studies, and do do do.
Yeah, while he was doing all over Larry King 50 times a week.
No specifics, no issues, no facts, no statistics, no nothing.
Just compassionate fascism.
That's what he asked to offer us.
How come nobody asked about the judges again last night?
About the appointment not only in Supreme Court judges, but federal judges?
How come nobody asked that kind of a question?
Jim Lera, there's a man who want to be pillory there today.
They are pillory with Hillary.
That would be a good show.
A ten-thirty on CNN.
Gotta be whatever crap they got on now.
Here's a lady in Bokeh, hello.
I need your...
Yes, ma'am.
You really get a place to stay by day.
Yeah.
I would hate radio's on this side.
Oh, boy.
I'd drink things I want to talk about.
That's probably more than the whole rest of the town tuned to this show.
Okay.
The way things are looking today.
We've done this side as well.
There are liars, there are free-loaders, they want a free meal, which they get when they appear out there, and they want their 50 minutes of fame.
Yeah.
They are B.S. artists, all of them, and all the channels.
Now, do you watch the today's show?
No, I haven't watched that.
Well, let me tell you...
The local money.
As much as I know, and you know, and the whole world knows, the half of the world here won't admit it.
He won.
He told them, like you said, he battered them.
I told you he would put a hit them in the mouth.
Yeah, it was close.
I thought it was going to be over.
This morning, this...
Oh, I'm sorry.
Chris Matthews.
Chris Matthews.
I beg your...
I'm sorry.
Yeah.
With Anne, with Matt Lauer.
Yeah.
And this was the best thing I have heard through the whole campaign.
I have been waiting, waiting for some of you to put this jacket in his place.
And, you know, Matthews is...
Oh, not a bush, a bush, a bush, so he said...
He said, did you make up your mind yet?
Yes, Chris Matthews.
He says, no, Navell Hauer says, you're a liar.
You made it up four years ago.
I am telling you, I'm writing a letter to NBC, which stands for Nothing But Craft.
And NBC stands for More Shots, Nothing But Crafts.
And I'm going to tell him...
Get him replaced, Tom Broker.
Okay, and I'll be there.
Calm down.
Well, she's all worked out.
Chris Matthews.
Oh, he's a little jai, kind of funny looking.
21 before 11 at 5, 60, 20, 20 QA.
I just discovered that.
Where the hell did that come from?
I used it after all of my opens and...
I never saw that before, because it looked like I said before when you were on the phone about boys.
Oh, he's a little jai, kind of funny looking.
That's so nice of him.
And in the cargoway movie, you should say?
No.
Why? Because it's a good movie.
That's what he told me about that...
a live mystery, a live show.
It's a good looking person.
There was no one in this movie.
Well, I'm sure that I wasn't in that mystery, a live show, but there was a bill he would visit.
I would take.
That wasn't worth it.
21 before 11 at 5, 60, 20, 20 QA.
But Neil Rogers shows, your sports radio.
Live 60.
QA.
Learn the bloody bitches.
It'd be a lot more moody.
Tired of.
But not so.
And a lot more he ain't being bullied.
And so.
And not so.
Neil's a bestie got the short-school strategy.
But they know that it's all down.
In the earth, but he might be falling down.
What would they want for a night?
They don't even count till end have a big booty.
Big booty badgie badgie.
Stop the power out.
Hit he go, hook I pull.
Stop the power!
Stop the power out.
So noone will go to the room.
But Ara lä?
Who could stop them?
You're alive now, do the fresh costumes already in progress.
Now, here be my doctor.
I need a gentleman. I am Dr. Maki, from Columbia, Yonah,,,
My name is Nullor. And I'm here to assure you that I had a very good CF today.
Thank you.
45-65-592AM Americans have most sex-definitely is the least.
Americans have sex most often this year while older teens in young adults in Japan did it the least.
A global survey by British condom maker said Tuesday, Americans were also the quickest to lose their virginity,
but with the French who both are having the most sexual partners said SSL International, which manufactures dux condoms.
On average, people globally are having sex 96 times a year in their survey of 18,000 adults between 16 and 25.
You see, they say about 16 and 25 because in the rest of the world, 16 in almost every country is an adult and some countries less than that.
Americans tend to be enjoying the most sex at 130 times, 32 times a year, followed by Russians, 122, the French, 121, and the Greeks.
Practice 115. The survey said young Japanese made love the least often at 37 times a year while Malaysians did at 52 times a year in the Chinese 69 times a year.
While the Chinese are terrified to do it too often because they don't want to start making those babies because, yeah, bad repercussions for that.
Let's do a quick, we will now welcome up with a regular poll later on something else.
But let's do a mini poll here on Who Under the Bay last night, huh?
And get this stupid crap off about guests. We haven't guest in topics on the show.
Oh, no. I wouldn't have cared if it would have come out a thousand percent.
I would have been guest in topics on the show. The answer is low. Bye-bye. No way.
Who under the Bay last night? That's our poll right now. We'll do it for a couple hours and T.O. Meckers. Bush or Gore.
Very simple. Can you handle it? Of course, then there will be a lot of people. We watch the ball game. We didn't watch that. We watched the baseball game.
Don't you see about that subway series area? Uh-huh. Here's a model in Delray Beach. Hello?
How are you doing? I want to talk about the base. But let me just say one thing about that woman that was on with George. Real quick, okay?
The woman that was on with George, that Palestinian woman posing as a real man. Let me tell you something. I am not, I am not Jewish, but I'm a six-folder.
I am a six-folder. I am a six-folder. I am a six-folder. I am a six-folder. I am a six-folder. I am a six-folder. I am a six-folder. I am a six-folder. I am a six-folder. I am a six-folder. I am a six-folder. I am a six-folder. I am a six-folder. I am a six-folder. I am a six-folder. I am a six-folder. I am a six-folder. I am a six-folder. I am a six-folder. I am a six-folder. I am a six-folder. I am a six-folder. I am a six-folder. I am a six-folder. I am a six-folder. I am a six-folder. I am a six-folder. I am a six-
at usually period-first grade. Now, most of our timerain in our juniors, right?
According to the point where the workforce samer outgoing modelled my appointment to apply
What about the italic things that got burned alive last week?
Oh, what do you mean?
That's terrible.
Yeah.
But the terrorists acting, somebody defending themselves is two different things here.
That's what I'm going to say.
Yeah, right.
When somebody's defending themselves and somebody puts a fuss, we...
No, no, you're so... See, I'm not going to get involved in this because as far as I'm concerned,
I know who the terrorists are.
I know that...
The schmata head there is nothing but a terrorist and always will be.
But the fact is that they're all crazy.
That's why I won't waste my time getting involved in it because there's no way to justify either side.
They're elunatics on both sides and once you get fundamentalist elunatics together,
you have a Northern Ireland, you have an Indian, a packet of them,
and you have a constant 5,000 year long thing in the Middle East.
There is no such thing as Middle East peace.
They just came to this unsigned agreement yesterday and then they're talking heads around my side saying,
oh, well, even though they had their agreement to end the hostilities,
yes, what, they're still killing each other.
So what a surprise.
Oh, you're right. That little summer was a surprise.
Never, it's never going to stop.
Never going to stop.
But you've got to understand there's a lot of people that hate Jews out there.
They enjoy Georgia shows.
I don't know.
Let's hate the Jews. They enjoy that.
Let's sympathize with those poor Palestinians they stole their land and they don't have enough land elsewhere.
I'm a Bush supporter and there's been one common denominator throughout the three debates
and the world of faith has been an hour and a half long.
What happens is, what happens?
How could you possibly say with a straight face that you're a Bush supporter?
How could you say that?
I like Bush.
All right, well, let me finish here.
Gore has sort of strong in every one of the debates.
No doubt about it. I'm not sure if he had a kid who he had.
But in the last 20 minutes of every debate, Bush seems to come on.
And the one-
Come on with what? You mean about affirmative access?
His closing statements last night, I saw Blue Way Al Gore's close.
Gore looked very pained in his closing statements.
His veins were popping out. He wasn't relaxed.
I don't know if he forgot what he was doing.
I wouldn't think they were looking at their veins in his far.
If you want to talk about appearance during the whole thing to me,
Bush looked terrified. He looked to be wildered and confused.
And he looked dumb.
I mean, one thing about him, at least he represents truth and advertising
because he looked dumb and he is dumb.
But what people remember, though, is like the last 20 minutes of half hour
when they focus groups and everything else.
That's why the debates are so close when people say who wants to look,
who's Bush did very well at the end of each today.
Well, I don't think he did well at any point.
From the very beginning last night, when he was smoothing and fumbling around
about the sympathies for those dead people.
You know, the ones I'm talking about.
Well, Gore did make the biggest wonder of the evening.
And I'm not a pharmaceutical expert by any special imagination.
But when I came out of my chair, when Gore said that the pharmaceutical
spends more money on advertising and research and development,
it's four to one the other way.
That was the job.
Who had been much better off the point out that the number one contributor
to the Bush campaign is Philip Morris Company.
Number three is the National Rifle Association.
And number four is the pharmaceutical company.
Well, I'm a Bush supporter.
And it's going to be, we won't know even midnight of the lunch tonight.
It's going to win.
We'll have to wait for the next morning.
It's going to be that far.
Well, we're going to be having a Palestinian expert on that day.
The George could be the Palestinian expert by the way.
He's shorted all on.
Okay.
Bye-bye.
See you.
That could be the one.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha.
Who likes to suck up now, George?
You're not fooling anybody.
You're out of the club.
Who knows what that means?
Yeah, he does know it.
He's not Jewish.
Yeah.
See, you have, it's really terrifying to me that you're so antistimatic now that it's
like pretty soon you're going to come to the swastikers now, which is, it's up to you.
Nobody can defend people being killed without being antistimatic.
That's what it all comes down to.
Nobody can defend people being killed.
People who are being killed.
I'm not talking about that.
I'm not talking about that.
I'm not talking about that.
You're the only single.
I'm not talking about the middle.
I'm not talking about the middle.
It's amazing.
For a kid about the middle.
Just in general, you're antistimatic.
I mean, we know that to begin with.
No, because you are.
There's nothing wrong with that.
There's a lot of antists.
Based on what?
Exactly.
Based on maybe you had a bad experience in my channel with a job there.
I don't know.
I have no idea.
Maybe it was Bob Green.
I could do it.
Hold on to it right there.
Night by the station.
Like I said, we always like Bob Green.
It must be some of, maybe it was the sales department.
Maybe Todd Dreck put you over the end.
Maybe Peter Leonard.
We got too many Jews in the sales department.
They all smell the same.
If I got a certain position, it wouldn't convince you that I'm not.
I don't want to know.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hey Neal, how you doing?
Okay.
Good.
I heard you crying a little bit earlier for some young callers to give you a call.
So I probably call in.
Let you know I'm under 30 years of age.
Yes, sir.
And I just want to give you my take on the debates and what's really going on.
And the way that I look at things is you have what I call the both issues.
And those are things like gun control and abortion where you get everybody that has an opinion
and it just puts them all one side of the fence or the other.
But when you really start getting about standard of living and what's going to make me more comfortable in my life,
you know, I say, every time I look at my paycheck and I see the government take an X percent for Social Security.
And I feel very uncomfortable with then mismanaging my funds, not letting me have a say in where my money goes.
I mean by mismanaging your funds like they put it out last night like go up on it out.
Nobody has ever missed the Social Security check ever in the history since Roosevelt invented it.
Well, no, they haven't missed it.
But what they're missing on is, you know, they're only getting 2% return and a stupid CD, which is HEC and Sherd.
Yeah.
And you know, it's a secure investment.
You're not talking about the stock market there.
You're not misleading people.
You know, I mean, they're getting you 6% and 7% so I mean you're losing 5% to 6% right off the bat.
You know, and the government doesn't want to do it.
And I mean, it's just a bureaucracy.
You know, they want to get themselves richer and you know, that's another thing that really bugs me.
You know, I was looking at what am I?
Who's getting rich from Social Security?
Well, I didn't say it from Social Security.
I'm saying that the Democrats say they love the churn things around.
I mean, you know, you get a dollar on board.
Yeah, I'm not going to.
Instead of just talking about the Democrats' decision and Republicans that let's look at it again.
Eight years ago, we had a $20 billion budget deficit.
Four $20 billion budget deficit.
We had the economy was in the crapper.
Here we are eight years later.
We have unemployment is in Zidian times where we got 22 million new jobs.
Minority unemployment is in all time low since they start to keep it in statistics.
I don't understand what you're talking about.
You're going to really sit here and tell me that the economic prosperity that we're having now is directly due to the Clinton administration.
No, it's just a coincidence. It's just an accident.
Just like the budget deficit is rolling into coincidence from rich people with that trickle-bounce, which was just a fraud to give rich people a tax cut.
No, never.
The accident is that the House incentive throughout the current administration has been Republican.
That's the accident, right?
And they're the ones that are really getting the things done.
The only thing Clinton is good at is getting more affection in the overall.
Okay, listen, vote early and often, pal. Whatever makes you happy.
Here we go again.
Personalities, Clinton getting blow jobs in the U.S. and all this other happy horsecraft.
Oh, I know he's been bad. He's been terrible.
Last eight years are the worst in my life.
If you just want to be partisan politically, that's fine.
That's the way most people are. They're political animals. I'm a lifelong Democrat.
But the fact is, if the Republican's had somebody good, I would have considered them.
Believe it or not, somebody who is like a little bit more tolerant, somebody a little bit more rational, somebody certainly with a hierarchy than his bowzo, somebody who wasn't in the pocket of the right wing religious nuts, and they have a big money interest.
Oil companies, the pharmaceutical companies, the tobacco companies. That's George W.
Those are the people that you like. Those are the people you want to see make a lot of money. Then find votes for Bush.
That's what he's all about.
You can give me all kinds of verbal jihad like these last two colors here.
Like the guy your friend, your grays your friend there from New York.
A son of an aunt about how in the last few minutes, but there was no point at which during the debate last night, you could honestly say that Bush looked presidential, that he sounded like somebody really belonged in a white house.
It's just in name, it's ludicrous.
You talk about people letting the folks put in something over on them. This is unreal.
That the Republican Party was for some reason keeps coming up with candidates like Bob Dole with his lymph apparatus and all these other losers, these born losers.
I mean, should the Democrats have Michael Buchakis? Maybe they learned their lesson.
Not that Al Gore is a big improvement. Lisa is taller.
Better here.
I mean, you know, when they had when I had the Duquesque running, I said, what's that you run in him for?
Oh, he's a little guy. Kind of funny. Look at that.
1057 at 560.
WQA. Nice about at least 3 feet tall.
He would have gotten Georgia's believe I'm so sure.
Fort 30560. WQAM by Amy Fort Lauderdale.
A feasley broadcast group says, and WQAM.com for the world.
The U.S. is a great country.
He wants to buy housing. He wants to buy housing.
I'm just a classic guy.
So he can't even think of anything.
He wants to buy food or come to the center of his eyes.
That's the way it's all about the local majority that I get today.
Who is coming to an asshole frank down in sales who is not Jewish, I should point out that he's stealing our cigars.
That was a crowd.
Oh, that's even worse.
He's yanking our cigars from next.
I thought it was a joke. I thought maybe they were given him any for whatever reason, which is unlikely because they love us.
But so he just steal them and he puts them in his desk and is hanging around and building a thing that's a big joke.
Don't ever let him in that door again.
He could bring in ten accounts tomorrow.
I wouldn't touch him with your tongue. I wouldn't have anything to do with him.
Nothing to bring in ten accounts this year or next year or the next three years.
He's another one for those naked pictures.
Well, I tell you one thing.
A lot of folks come into this place and all of a sudden, there must be peddlers down there at the door when you come in.
Must be during the hours no more on the air.
Must be peddlers in the copies.
Oh, why not get some naked pictures? You got a job for life.
It's Greg with a billy goat.
Here's a lady in Tamarack. Hello.
Hello. Yes, ma'am.
Hi. I'm floating for Gore and I agree with you totally on everything that you've said.
I feel that we do need a healthcare coverage for at least 40 million Americans who have nothing.
And I don't know what Mr. Bush plans to do about that. He never said anything didn't.
He never gives any specific details to that guy.
He doesn't believe in big government. He believes in the people.
There's give the people all the money and let them make their own mistakes.
Sure. And most of them will go broke.
Well, give the rich people all everybody else's money.
Right. Well, one column that said, I remember reading this several years ago,
what the Republican suit desk is nothing and what they do next desk is nothing.
And I totally agree.
And I'd also like to know what happened to the quoted system as far as immigration goes.
What are we going to do about that? Is it going to let everybody come for it?
Well, you know, there's nobody asked that question either.
Nothing about immigration, nothing about abortion.
Right.
And you want to silly questions that like a third grader would be a burst one.
That's your matter.
Yeah.
Well, anyway, I'm voting for Gore and I don't think that Bush could be a good leader for us.
I don't think he could lead up to straight up the street.
Well, let's give him a shot at that. Maybe that'll be a pretty good.
Have a great day.
Okay. Okay. Bye.
How many of you have hosted so far? Who won the debate last night?
42 votes so far. 29 for Gore. 13 for Bush.
Hey, they got a good sense of humor.
I liked it when he said, yeah, about the fourth time.
Well, you know, I really want to, well, my, my sympathy to the dead people.
I mean, the other day of this morning last night, tonight, whenever they died, the dead people, you know.
I was in, see, and the thing of it is, the people have made up their minds for Bush.
I've admitted many times how I'm verifying with Gore what a dunderhead he is.
And a personality like a rock. I try to be a little bit objective.
But the Bush people, it's like there's nothing he can say or do.
There's no performance that he can come up with that will shake them from their, from this brainwashing they've had.
That because his name is Bush or for whatever reason it might be that this man is presidential material.
They've been touting him for so long now.
Ever since goals are a big stump four years ago.
They've been touting him for so long that people just assumed, oh, yeah, he's in line.
He's next in the ascendancy. He's going here at the present and he's the next Bush.
And after him, it'll be Jeb. And then after him, it'll be George P.
So like I said, thank you. Don't look that good anymore.
Yeah, they, they contributed a lot to our society. They contributed.
And I thought to myself, this little, what fact he's a guy that you, I don't want to say it, this little speeder, he's a literate.
Oh, he's Mexican. You're American.
Here's Hollywood. Hello.
Hello.
Half Mexican. I don't know which half. Yes, sir. Are you going to be nice? You're in.
Oh, great. Neil, I got to tell you I'm steaming here from some of the calls that you're getting for Bush.
I mean, these people need to stop shooting the pop, the pop and drink some water and rehydrate or something because I cannot see for the life of me how they can say what they're saying.
The one guy that you notice last night also, I'm sure he doesn't have that head cold anymore. That was the excuse in the second debate that he had a cold.
He kept the whole time he was sniffling there like co-fuses.
Yeah, I don't want to suggest that he's still on the.
Yeah, well, all you need to do without debate, anybody who wants to go back and look at it, just watch it with the sound down and watch him sniff on the corner there.
I mean, the man looked so scared it was unbelievable because Gorge just came out and Gordon beat him. He pummeled him.
Okay, he came out there and he was charged. That was the outdoor who came out in the campaign in the convention and talk to the people.
And that's the guy he finally got to the point where he said, I don't care if people like me. This is who I am and this is what I'm going to do.
And that's the guy we should have been seeing all along because that's the guy who can run this country.
You know what I'm saying? I know what you're saying.
And these people, I mean, they're the best we've got. They're great.
Well, you know something? I'm charged with it. And by the way, you were asking about people who care I care.
And I want to say something to that guy who called and said Republicans have run the Congress for the last eight years. That's not true.
Bill Clinton came in with a Democratic Congress.
Four years, yeah. Yeah. With a Democratic Congress and the first budget that he put forward, he knew was going to house the Democrats from Congress.
But he needed to do it anyway because he had to get this country turned around from George W's daddy who had screwed everything up.
So I mean, let's get real. If you're going to vote for George Bush, then you might as well George Bush vote for anybody who can talk.
You might as well vote for yourself because anybody can talk the game. But this guy doesn't know what's going on.
He can't talk the game. He doesn't even do that. He hides under the moderators armpit as soon as he gets back into a quarter.
He hides under the moderators armpit and starts crying foul.
Well, that's true, but he's got the campaign behind him and they scare me. I'll tell you that the canvas. He's got good campaign people behind him.
And George got bad campaign people.
You know, if you're in four hand, the right handlers and the right campaign people behind him, he'd be ahead by 25 points right now.
Absolutely. But you know something. This guy comes out and he can talk and he gets fed.
And anybody can get fed, but you want to know something. Gore knows what's going on from Congress to the Senate to being on the defense committee and as a vice president of this country.
Are you really these Bush people? Are they really going to take a chance on somebody who can just talk? I mean, any of us can talk. You know what I'm saying?
So I mean, come down vote two or three times.
I'm 20. Okay. All right.
I think George in air, little George every now and then puts his thumb on. He summed it up pretty well. He said he got a twist between Gore and Gornish. And I think he was right.
Well, he's learned his yet to show this over here. He knows which side is better. But I need to know he's going home with his time.
Or should I have a tape? I have a low up doll.
Nine minutes after 11 to 560 WQ amp. How young is too young?
The problem is you're not talking to yourself. You barely say two words to him and you call me.
One full hour of the hottest talk on radio. But doctor is in masturbate. Okay. Okay.
All right. And masturbate and call me back in a couple of weeks. Doctor Visco. Hello, you're on the air with Dr. Visco. And how many?
Dr. Visco. Yes. Yes. I don't know what a pain. I'm bleeding. My arm is bleeding.
I'm not that kind of doctor. Are you familiar with Dr. Dean? Yes. You should call him Dr. Dean's show. He could help you out with that.
Oh, yeah. So do that. And listen, well, you're on hold. Mastigate.
Okay. All right. Dr. Visco weekdays at noon. 14 past 11 to 560 WQ. I'm speaking of that. Here's a headline on a store in this fourth section in the paper this morning.
Sunsettinal UM. Tide ends grasping past. Welcome. That does that tell you what I was talking about the other day. Put it some right on it. There you go. UM. Tide ends are grasping.
5 6 7 0 5 50 How's that survey coming so far? 89 votes. Who won at debate last night? Pretty simple question. 70 people said,
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I
don't know, I don't know how it's going to turn around, I guess at this point, they're still neck and neck. It's something I don't believe any of these pools because every day it's a little bit different and one day it's grow is up 3% and then it's bushes up 6% and then it's down to 3% and if you look at the state by state pools it's so damn close. The whole thing hinges on only one thing who votes who's going to vote on November 7th? Well, I'm hoping that what's going to happen is I think that these poles that are being conducted by a lot of these TV networks and you know CNN and everything or they're not getting a
lot of the people from 18 to 25. Well, people like that don't respond to those types of votes. They'll go out and vote and I think that the predominant amount of those people that go out and vote are going to vote for four. So that they're not going to vote. Well, in addition to which I disagree with you, I don't think that most of the 18 to 24 year old people, in fact, the ones that are going to vote and they're voting for Nader, they're throwing their vote away. He's turned on this generation of young naive idealistic star struck group falls who think that go out and vote for Nader.
Nader is going to accomplish something and all that would do is help get bushing. Yeah, okay, good luck. Yeah, that's the truth. The young people, the only ones that seem to be turned on this thing, just like with John Anderson, you know something that's great to be idealistic, but you can't be politically naive all your life. Sooner or later you have to wake up and realize that your votes is supposed to mean something, not just make some kind of a goddamn statement. It doesn't make any statement at all when you just screw up things up. Make no statement. Oh, no, we're going to go out and vote for Ralph.
Nader because he's working on that covert fan belt. And you know something fan belt on my 60 covert never broke. I hate to break the news here Ralph.
How come nobody brought up the thing about firestone about big business in the way that the government is allowing all this crap to go on?
And about the ability finally passed after much, much pressure. See, if you're, if you're enamored with the National Rifle Association, with Philip Morrison, all the other tobacco companies,
and with the pharmaceutical companies that are raping the public, and you notice last night Bush made a comment about he doesn't want to see prices come down. That was great.
Because he's in the pocket of the big pharmaceutical companies that like I said are raping not only senior citizens, but everybody.
I have to buy all kinds of prescription drugs. I got more guy than drugs you take. The card has got liver pills.
I can afford it, but I'm not happy about it. Costs the arm in five legs.
And of course, if you have a pet and you go to your veterinarian, I told you about the 14 pills for my golden retriever, 63 bucks, 14 pills.
That's over five bucks a pound, almost five bucks a pound.
Oh no, you're wrong, Neil. It's all a research and the development. Uh huh. Whatever you say.
Here's Fort Myers. Hello. Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir. Well, obviously you are right on 100% of course about everything's going on here. The question is, what is it with the media?
Oh, we got a fake. We have fake your crap on our pole again now. Uh somebody's sticking with our pole. We did all of a sudden Bush just got like 60 votes in a row.
So now they're sticking with our pole. What is it with the media? They are they are they are phrase people are going to think they're liberal minded.
I mean, how come they get this guy pay us? I mean, he is a moron. There's no question about it. Anybody with that objective.
We didn't really look at the debate last night and say it was even it's just totally it's all up in the wonderland.
You know, it's uh, I don't know what it was last night or some other time that heard heard Bush say that his mother didn't think he could win.
I don't know what it was. The presidential race or the government. Texas and my my feeling is she just didn't want to be embarrassed or him to be embarrassed.
She knew what these good kids, but he's mediocre at best. And um, I'm just hoping I know you're not a fan of certain life life. I enjoy their skits.
All that the stuff they did this last week. I didn't see the show, but they they saw the clips was the best.
All the stuff down this mat. He also was pretty good. But I got a feeling that the car is on there to fight. And I he's going to do.
Did you see in the background? And door was speaking at one point when he just really put Bush down. You know, he was kind of teetering back and forth.
In the background, you could see Bush going back and forth. Kind of like some kid in the principal's office is about to get whipped.
Watch that. I'm not sure if they're going to do that. Well, almost every time gourmet any comment about Bush's policy, she got that look on his face. They're really dumb. How do you look at his push?
I mean, you know, it doesn't take a rocket science. It's to understand how stupid he is. You just have to look at his facial expressions and listen to his whimsical idiotic remarks. And you know, this is a moron.
What have we got just a bunch of lemmings in that group?
Yes, that's the perfect word. Then we're going to have to go down and dirty. I don't know any other way to do it. Okay. There you go.
50 bucks of votes. So we got the pool school. Oh, now it's up to one 16. Look at that. 50 votes are bogus at least 50 probably 60. It was two to one that
grow was ahead and more than that. And then all of a sudden, we got the acute the cute crowd out there, screwing up our pool. Don't work. Doesn't fool me. I keep my I keep my thumb right on it, baby.
It was like 80 86 through a 33 and all of a sudden now we got Bush's got 116 to 93. Anybody believe in it? No. So you can can that pool on their air because it's all over with.
It was overwhelming that the girl wanted to get on there with each other and emailing and there's podcasting around and they're screwing around with it.
Oh, yeah, let's plug that thing. Isn't that a fool anybody because the people that are voting on this pool most of them got to bring at least 93 of my would say.
25 back to 11 at 560 WQ went.
The Roger show sports radio 560.
Anybody have a heart or a liver?
I, I, yeah, what they say.
Why?
No.
Oh, he's a little guy, kind of funny looking.
It's 1130 at 560 WDQAM.
Here's the fact that we've not played that right now from Arthur Anderson LLP or Lisa
Anderson LLP.
I'm going to laugh my ass off at all you liberals on Wednesday November 8th when we all
wake up in Bush country where they were public in Congress and said it and Hillary losing
in New York.
It says.
Did you get the count right?
Yes, I did.
I mean, extra sure to get Arthur's count right.
What is LLP mean?
Legal linguistic prick.
That's the long playing there.
Yeah.
Then here's the fact from Darryl and Sarah Soto who says thank God someone with reason.
You.
Thank God.
Did you really notice Bush's eyes last night?
But he first came on.
I thought sure he was on something.
It looked as though he was OD'd on a painkiller.
He rambled just like an alcoholic.
They should have done a urine test on him last night.
Good weed maybe it says.
Bush is an idiot.
I watched all three debates.
The GOP, the Grand Oil Party said.
Well, he got through it.
What a compliment.
What happens if Bush would win the White House and couldn't take the pressure of the job?
Guess how he's going to take care of it.
For us to vote for an admitted alcoholic to be president of this country is inexcusable,
then we have a vice president just waiting to have another heart attack.
Yeah, that's the point that Paul the Gallimaxon is looking about the fact that W allowed
Poppy to pick Dick Cheney.
Of course, was his henchman during the Bush senior administration.
And he points out he says,
pop quiz which of these medical maladies says Dick Cheney not had.
One, a heart attack.
Two, another heart attack.
Three, a third heart attack.
Four, open heart quadruple bypass surgery.
Five, cancer, G, gout, sick and allergic reaction to a pomegranate.
They're nearly killed.
Or seven, the heart rate of psoriasis.
If you guessed the last one, you're the lucky winner.
And that's of course before he goes into the long litany of right welfare right wing
both that he cast in the Congress.
But that is, we don't want to hear about that.
We want to let him off his being a nice guy because we want to be real civilized.
Right, Julie Berman?
Uh-huh.
And a boy.
Here's moral gables.
Hello.
Neil and Gwadji brought up that book by Paul the Gallimax because yesterday you inspired me
to go out and get this book.
Good.
And I've got to tell you something.
I thought George Bush was just a dundering blockhead before I got this book.
Now I not only think he's a dundering blockhead, but I think he is a dundering blockhead
not to goose that thing's fastest.
And I'm scared to death if this man gets a lesson.
Yeah, he's going to tell us who's marching in the background.
And it really frightens me.
I mean this man, the thing he's done to the state of Texas and the thing that have come out of his mouth that he's said,
how can anybody take a look at this man and take him seriously?
Beats me, scary.
And what scares the hell out of me too is in watching the talking heads after the debate last night,
interviewing these people who are undecided, these people particularly from the Midwest man.
Oh, George Bush seems like a nice guy.
Well, you know what?
That's not what you need in the White House.
You don't need a nice guy who's going to take too much pressure and too much stress and sniff it up his nose.
And it's too bad that they didn't have time when we're talking about Capitol Punishment.
And I guess, go really blue with the way they had a chance to point out that they have executed mentally retarded people in the state of Texas.
Which even here in Florida, with our love to execute people, his brother doesn't do that.
We don't execute retarded people in the state.
But in Texas, they were, they execute anybody, including people like you read in the book.
People who had lawyers who were sleeping during the trial public defenders.
Right.
They can't be bothered with that.
No, not at all.
Any other state in the country that automatically withdrew out the death penalty.
And not in the state of Texas, they love putting the stuff in the mouth.
Absolutely.
And you know, it's amazing too how much he's managed to screw up the state of Texas, considering like it says in the book,
that the governor in the state of Texas barely has any power.
Yeah.
And I just read that.
Yeah, but he's got a lot of buddies who have plenty of power.
Oh, that's worth a lot of money.
Absolutely.
But this book is very well written and extremely funny.
And I got to tell anybody out there listening, you've got to go out, spend the $12 on this book, and really realize what it is that this man stands for.
And keep in mind that the title is our children learning as a direct quote from Boisin Grand Rapids, Michigan, January 11th, 2000,
just like everything else in the book is documented.
It's their footnotes.
It's not stuff that Paul Beggale is making up.
Not at all.
This stuff, and that's what the most frightening thing about it is, and people really, really need to realize that this country is in some serious, serious view do,
as his dad would say according to the book, is if he gets into office and then I fear for the future.
And like he says, if somebody would just show more coast of Oars on the map, maybe he could do something about it.
And if he can figure out what continent Mexico is on, he's exactly.
He'll be in good shape.
All right, now you'll say it.
Use our children learning.
What do you think?
5.6705.60, 0.560 on the 18t in Verizon Marlos Fund.
All you bush people can stop wasting your votes on there because we're not paying any attention to it anymore.
I wouldn't even want to.
Oh yes, he wants to get going with this thing.
We're just pumping it all through there. They've got their pipeline and their pump in the trux.
Is it work?
No.
No. That pulls all over to all of them.
We'll come up with some other good questions by the end of the day.
Some other poll for overnight.
Here's a mobile in the Gables, hello.
You know, Neil, do you want to keep talking about certain things that he says are really important, like Medicare, Social Security, and Education, etc.
But Bush keeps coming back with him that he had eight years to correct these things.
Why didn't he do it?
What would you say to the answer to that?
What is the answer to it?
Yes, first of all, when he took over, as he pointed out last night, Medicare, when he Democrats took over 93, Medicare was almost bankrupt.
What is it? What have they done to correct it?
What have they done to correct it? It's solved it now until 19, 2026, whatever the hell you read.
He answered the question last night if it really seems to debate.
Okay, secondly, it's going to help people.
And what they try to do in the other areas, the Republicans, to keep in mind the Republican-Cold Control Congress for the last four years, have made it impossible.
Come control legislation, healthcare, you name it.
Okay, well, if the Republicans control it again, how's Gorgon going to change anything?
Beats me, that means all.
In other words, you're suggesting that we have a Republican president and a Republican Congress. That's what you want?
Gorgon cannot, you don't even like Gorgon.
Ask you a question. Is that what you want a Republican president and a Republican Congress?
Yes, I do.
And what second would accomplish?
Whatever George Bush wants.
Okay, great. There you go.
Whatever George he wants, George he gets.
So I got news for you. Okay, you are the perfect Bushman.
You are definitive. Right there. That's called you.
And you're, I would say you're a mentality, but lack of.
I mean, sure, there is, you know, it's even Steven.
It's 50-50, both candidates suck.
But the fact that somebody could articulate in such a grotesque and pathetic way what you just did, it tells me everything I need to know.
Whatever he wants, that's what we're going to get.
And this is America. See, see, this is the problem.
There's no IQ test for voting.
They're always bitching about the fact that not enough people vote.
I think unfortunately it's not the question of how many people vote.
The wrong people vote.
Like some of the people you saw in those focus, focus, focus groups last night.
Who are most of our bunch of liars anyway.
Oh, we're undecided. We're undecided.
And I thought Gorgon was very impressive. Like the guy said before, he was very impressive.
And he had his statistics in his back. And on the issues he made a lot of sense.
Oh, you got a vote for Gorgon.
Oh, no, I'm still leaning to Bush.
Based on what?
Yeah, right. That was definitive. That was perfect.
Sir, for a million dollars, I couldn't have got a better Bushman than you.
In fact, you ought to be the poster child for the Bush campaign.
Whatever Gorgie wants, Gorgie gets.
Which is what Paul McGallor writes about here in the book.
In fact, it's almost a direct quote.
Failed in business. All of a sudden, he comes headshot out of the Texas Rangers.
Straight away, Sandy. So so.
Oh, he gets rewarded with $1,000,000 in stock at no cost to him and winds up with $14.9 million for his measly investment.
Airbeats him. He's done in his life has been a failure.
And he's gotten rewarded for it. Then the big governor of Texas and then the Republican candidate for president.
He's been a failure and a dunderhead and he just keeps getting handed to him because greater powers than us have decided he's going to be president.
And if you don't believe me, just turn on CNBC any day between now and the election, including today.
If you believe that little people like us are manipulating what's happening on Wall Street and all these talking heads and a blah, blah, blah, blah, the thing that they're talking about, forget about it.
Forget about it. There hasn't been anything.
In fact, the statistics that have been coming out like the CPI, it was a good number. Is it as a market going up?
No, no. It's not like it was before, but it's still in the crapper again.
We still got a look four and a half hours to go today.
Because God forbid that the market should be really great and the economy should be singing along the way it has been for the last few years here.
Right at election time, that's not good for the powers that big for the big business people who manipulate the strings.
And if you don't believe that boy, you're a dumber than I thought you are.
21 before noon at 5.50 W.Q.A.M.
Just not sliding in your rope in pipe.
Brack not slipped up your bungalow.
Who pulled Richard Hatch your ass young and so right?
It became a booty castle all weapons.
And so those young boys may have painted you.
A sick kid who got they wanted to play.
Although you were eight, you realized it felt great your 15 minutes in the go away.
A survival who is gay.
11.44.5.
50.
Perfect lead into this fact from allegedly Bill Parker and Miami.
You never know because half the pen they make the names up.
And I would if I wrote this fact, especially when we get to the last sentence.
Tonight on Crossfire, on the left, Gore supporters, on the right, voice supporters.
Gore supporters, he lists trial lawyers, Hollywood, the music industry, and gay and lesbian alliances.
On the right, voice supporters, big tobacco, drug companies, the NRA, and faith-based organizations.
So what's the difference he asks?
The liberals compromise the value of America and teach you that you cannot commit crime and not have to pay a price.
The liberals market violence to children.
The liberals publish and target flees to kids.
The liberals tell kids homosexuality and lesbian is it is okay and it's a natural thing.
Okay.
A portion and the supreme are no longer major issues.
The supreme are major issues?
Yeah, it is.
What do they run for?
They're no longer major issues and liberals can't stand that they need issues like this to fan the flames and scare Americans.
The choice is clear, Bush for a better America.
And then Bill Parker and Miami allegedly, he ends up this brilliant fact by writing,
oh, by the way, Neil, you can't be a Jew and an atheist at the same time.
It's an off-seen moron that benefits the moron.
Well, I hate to break the news to you, Bill, but Judy is a miserably religionist and ethnicity.
So you can be as Jewish as today as long as you need as much as you want and not believe one business about the bubble-mysies of religion.
So yes, what Bill?
Bill, you need to moron now, asshole.
How do you like that?
You can't be a Jew and an atheist at the same time.
Jew atheist, fang, spick.
And of course, as far as Bill Parker is concerned, he's an asshole.
Here you go.
I hate those name colors.
Here's Sunrise.
Hello?
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
You know, you said it a long time ago.
I was just saying, a long time ago, listen to your show and I'm a Republican.
So obviously, we're not as close as mind as you seem to think we're not.
Yeah.
But one of your own colors, said it earlier, and I just, that's what prompted me to call in,
because you all were discussing the budget and the, but the president, you know,
put forward in the beginning of his term.
And your own color said that when he came in office, he knew the budget.
He spoke forward, he was going to get those Democrats out of there,
but he had to do that because he wanted to move the country forward and you would agree with him.
Now that's exactly what happened.
He knew he even needed to move the country forward and the Democrats were going to do it.
So he spoke forward to budget.
They got him all kicked out office.
Oh, yeah.
They got all kicked out office.
What they did, they were probably going to pick up the house in the Senate.
Uh-huh.
They all got kicked out office.
That's what your own color said.
Yeah.
He said he spoke forward to budget.
No, he did stop with the colors.
They called it.
They got him all kicked out off.
How much of a majority of the Republicans have in the Senate?
Oh, it's like 75.
Five.
Five, okay.
I don't look back.
And if they weren't, they wouldn't have murdered the governor of Missouri the other night.
Then, you know, probably the Democrats would take control of this year.
That would be very close.
And they're the voice of the vice president.
I mean, the way it looks right now, what about 50?
Right.
You leave them and make the choice right?
Right.
If you're so lucky.
Yeah.
Well, Bernie Spiers is lucky.
Anybody with Bernie Spiers would be lucky.
Maybe he's got food in his biggest ego.
You never know.
Good luck, you pal.
Have a good day.
Okay.
Yeah, they threw all the Democrats out of there and he did that intentionally.
Did he do it intentionally?
No.
So, so what are these people complaining about?
They got every, every seat in the house in the Senate according to this guy.
It's you all of Democrats out.
What's the problem?
How come the Republican agenda hasn't been put in place?
And how come we're not the martian off the camp?
Yes.
Five, six, seven.
What time is it?
Five, six, seven, oh, five, 60, pound, five, 60 on the, I love these calls.
And the guy who called before you said the audience claims that he's a,
the boy scout, how can you pet?
You can't, you can't.
You know, I said it was the perfect Bushman.
Maybe he knows the guy that says, you're gay.
Yeah, that might be it too.
See, that's, that's another thing.
When you strip away the veneer of this, oh, it's all about, you know,
being conservative and it's all about not having big governments.
Full craft.
It's all about hate.
It's all about big business and hate.
I mean, at least be honest about it.
Like Bill Parker, you know, he don't like to fangs.
That's what this is all about.
We don't like fads, you know, like coons, you don't like Jews.
We don't like any minorities.
We believe in affirmative access, which means that anybody can go in the restroom.
Is that what that means?
And then we even have handicapped access.
That's exactly what that means.
You go to Mickey D's and anybody can get in that turlis.
If you can get your ass through the door, that's affirmative access.
I mean, you see anybody who was really honestly on the fence,
just watching that portion last night alone.
When he was wrestling with that and about, well,
if that's what the Supreme Court says, that if that's what the Supreme Court says,
and you want my vote to be present, that's what their definition of affirmative action is.
And you don't know what it is.
The same end who says, if you'll just help me show me where a court's vote was on a map,
maybe I could do something about it.
Show me where it is on the map.
You see, you can come up with all the semantical crap that you want to do and give me a big solid answer.
The fact is things are going great now.
That bothers a lot of you, doesn't it?
Because Clinton and Gordon, the Democrats, can do no good ever.
Just like Roosevelt didn't do any good.
That's why they elected him four times.
That's SOB.
Because Democrats are bad, and Republicans are good.
That's the thinking.
That's the way the mind works of these kind of people.
The professional elephants.
That's the way they bring this.
Democrats are all bad.
They're all bleeding heart liberals and commie pinko or whatever.
They're going to spend all of our money.
So all of those deficits we had couldn't have come under Reagan and Bush today.
Because they were waiting for it to trickle down because they gave the rich people those gigantic tax cuts
that never did trickle about anybody else.
So that we had that high unemployment rate and a lot of people weren't doing so well.
Here we are eight years later.
22 million more people have got jobs unemployment among minorities at an all time.
Overall, unemployment is like under 4%.
But we still have to come up with some kind of desperate reasoning to find out why they're bad.
He got that blowjob.
That's right, he got blow jobs.
That's bad.
Unlike Nixon and his Chinese girlfriend and unlike Eisenhower and his mistress.
And I'm like all the other ones.
Shut up.
And then the Kennedy's too.
He was bad.
He said it was good.
Here's Pember Pine.
Hello.
How are you doing?
Okay.
I'm brushed off three debates and you know it's funny.
Gore won first debate and somehow public opinion seemed to go towards Bush.
Well, no, they said they said they said they grow under debate but then for some reason the Bush just are gaining a pool.
Yeah, and they had a thing on CNN last night where they said they said this instant poll.
And they said that Gore won the debate.
Bush was more believable and more likable and Gore expressed himself more clearly.
And the only thing that I can think of is that people are not voting on issues.
They just, they've got their heads in the sand and they're blind to the issues.
And for some reason it looks to me like this is just, if there's no other explanation.
The economy is good.
If you look at the way things are, Gore should be assuring.
The economy is good.
We've had a great eight years.
The ball did a great job in Kosovo and Clinton, he went there personally in the Middle East.
Even though they were never going to be peace at least they got some kind of a temporary agreement.
So they're not blown.
He said his brain's out quite so much now.
We have generally peace around the world compared to what it usually is.
What the hell is it that these people want?
Even Clinton in the Middle East, he's doing the best he can.
I mean, that's a bad situation.
I think it's the 60 cents a day that they're going to get under the Bush tax cut.
Most of these poor slabs out there, the 60 cents a day is what they're really jones and fools.
I don't know what it is, but there's just, I wish I could get it, figure it out.
Because Gore just comes with him.
I get the only thing that I can explain is that the way he comes across, there's something about it.
And Bush has got this kind of, I don't even, I think it's moronic.
But some people seem to like the way he comes across in this simple thing.
I'm a plain speaking kind of guy, you know, and I don't know.
It makes sense to me.
It's pretty disheartening to say the best.
Yeah, all right.
Have a good one.
Okay, hang on to the bed. I'll let you know when it's safe to come out.
All your kids out there, hang on to the bed.
We'll let you know when the boogeyman goes away.
That's our new poll question.
Is it worth voting in this year's election?
Yes or no?
Get rid of this other thing because we got 350 bogus of Bush votes on there.
We're not paying any attention to what's in.
You say, say the energy, save your finger to stick up your back bone because we're not paying any attention to it.
Is it worth voting in this year's election?
Yes or no?
And by the way, I should point out ahead of time that the Bush people would like to have you stay home.
They'd like to have a real small turnout because anytime there's a small turnout, it's good for these people.
When there's a big turnout, it always tends to be good for those kind of people liberal, a Democrat, you fags.
Us.
Yeah, Bill and Miami says, you can't be an atheist. It's an oxy moron.
Well, who's the moron, Bill?
If I had a dollar for every Jewish atheist, I would have to be sitting here right now.
Here's Fort Myers. Hello?
Uh, Neil?
Yes, sir.
A couple things I'd like to mention.
You brought up the health care thing earlier or the drugs.
They always say the drug companies have to make all this money because they have to do all this research.
Well, the fact of the matter is the NIH, the National Institute of Health, those all the E-reversed and that are tax money to pay for that.
And they pick up on that.
Right.
And then they go run with it.
And by the way, you take a look at the health care funds of Vanguard Health Care and the other funds.
Market has been tanking like a pig this year.
The health care funds are all up.
How do you like that?
I think Vanguard Health is over like, I'll close the 50% out.
Oh, now you're telling me.
Now, why do you suppose, yeah, if we had to do it in the health care, we'd be making money.
That's the point.
They're making money.
They always make money.
They're making much too much money.
They always got it.
The last one I have the rest of the interest of getting a portion there and they're peeing in their pants and they're praying that it was going to be.
Exactly.
And as soon as it's soon, remember this, as soon as Gorky Mouth or President actually came out first with the idea to have health care for a rather drug for Medicare, that's the as soon as that happened.
Did you notice the ads come on the Marion Louise and all that?
Okay, that's where the money goes for the ads because they're definitely for the only time health care funds and drugs went down is when Clinton came out with his health care plan.
That's why they hate Hillary.
They hate Hillary with a passion because she was done to get him.
Well, they better get used to her because she's going to win.
I mean, I know people I'm not that crazy about her myself, but she's going to win because Gorky is about 25 30 points ahead in New York State and that she's going to win.
Yeah, anything that this loves you, you know, loves you, but he was from delay and the new fingers.
Okay, I have a right to go.
Okay, I think they're bunk club buddies.
And then what I heard from him, maybe they're hanging out with at the Jim Dobson's, buddy.
That's trouser truck guy.
How do you like that?
In case anybody missed the beginning of the show, what work you're painting?
Yeah, okay, I agree with you.
Mike Trout.
See, here we go again as far as the so called.
Well, what did that, I'm not sure in the waist basket, face based, whatever that was.
Craft is what you're talking about.
Bill Parker.
You would know Bill Parker from Howard Parker from Jack Parker, Jr.
Mike Trout, the long time co-host on Focus on the Family, President James Dobson's popular radio program said Monday.
He has had an inappropriate relationship with a woman other than his wife and had no choice but to resign from the ministry that stresses the sanctity of marriage.
All these goody-touches, shoes, phony below them, Bob Livingston, Frickin Henry and his hide, Deb Van Burton up there in Indiana, every freaking one of them.
All the finger pointers, they've had to finger up somebody's record.
It wasn't necessarily their own.
Who are you people kidding?
Jim and Tammy Faye, and we had Jimmy Swagger.
Well, I shouldn't be surprised that George W. and his backers are able to pull the roll over so many millions of Americans' eyes when you got all these religious fakers coming on here.
And then they make a big comeback.
Once they get forgiven, they're more popular than they were in the first place.
Oh, yeah, the fallen sinner. He's repentant.
Who the hell are you, Schmidt and man?
God, you can smell it. Try to the TV screen.
Oh, and Tammy Faye, she's big with the gay community now.
Oh, great. I'm really impressed.
Oh, wow. They like her mascara, they're jealous.
Four minutes to noon at 5.60 WQA.
Sport Radio 5.60 WQA and Miami Port Lauderdale, a feasely broadcast group stage ham, WQAM.com or the world.
50 Hoover, Optimon Mines.
This ain't a song about a happy couple.
And we got married, my wife's weight double.
Five-spotted tea and we got a big touch first.
And some it's no bad, we've had a cover for a push.
It's my wife. I know she's that good.
She got lost in that shine of dust.
Yes, it's on me, I want to buy.
It's my wife when she's in the round of how she really is in the round of how she's been.
50, 50 something I won't survive.
It's my wife.
From 0.2 to 5.60 WQA.
I'm one of the guys on the agenda today.
We got Hank at 2 in the studio.
Vogue Shamby at 6 o'clock tonight.
This formerly gross test in gigantic and much slimmer Vogue Shamby.
We have 9.30.
Oh, the Panthers in the Kyle's tonight 9.30.
We've finally got a hockey game.
Almost forgot about them.
My schedule, Jerry Bettman.
And then after the game, it's ESPN Radio Co.
It can't believe it's staying up that late.
5.6705.60.
0.560.
On the 18th, T. and Verizon Wireless Line.
Our new pool is at worth voting in its year's presidential election.
There are 37 votes already.
30 said.
Yes.
And 7 said.
No.
No.
Here's plantation.
Hello.
Hey, NLA, Dylan.
Okay. If you like the Gala's book, you've got to get Molly Iven's book on Bush about how he
is in the pocket of big business.
You'll love that book.
What's your name, Ben?
I don't know the name of it, but it's by Molly Iven's I.V.A.N.S.
Okay.
Her and another reporter from, they're both from Austin.
They wrote this book about how, you notice when he answered the question, what he was
for when he ran on the first thing he said was Port Report.
Now, Port Report is another axi moron or axi moron according to Parker for I'm in the pocket of big business.
The powerful are going to, you know, the limit access to the court, the limit access to information.
In fact, or in Hatch, the Leo Love and Orin Hatch, there was just a bill about firestone introduced
for all companies to be able to go into a central bank and they have to give information and share information
so that the general public, the little people, have right to it.
And it was blocked by Orin, Golly Hatch.
Yeah.
Additionally, there's another bill regarding doctors and there should be a national database for medical malpractice.
It was blocked by the Republican.
The reason it's blocked is because the insurance companies don't want that little people to get the information.
The little people are, so if big business, and also they have these seminars, these right wing seminars for judges,
that the judges can go for $5,000, $10,000, they ravish them with all kinds of interesting stuff.
You know, the unannot, and what they have is speakers like Dopson and all these other people.
Now they provide them with bell buckles and boots.
And, you know, and hunting, the hunting equipment and everything else, and that's what that's what push it for.
Please, Port.
Thank you, Tommy.
If you read that Molly Ivan's book and the one last thing, they had a special one going online the other day,
about the half-gore and Bush grew up.
They had Bush's cronies from Yale on his actual people.
He was with.
They said Bush was akin to John Volusci in Animal House.
That was his character.
Yeah.
He was blue-parsky.
That's from the point that Yale.
Maybe that's why Dad keeps the pupil all the time.
Yeah, but he's definitely in the pocket of all that he's sort of a few, and for God, he's sort of talking about the people versus the powerful,
for the people that's absolutely nonsense.
If we read Molly Ivan's book.
Okay.
Thanks.
Jim Hightower, Texas Populist and Former Agriculture Commissioner, said about Bush.
Oh no, I see he said this about somebody else, but Paul Vagallas said it about Bush.
If ignorance is bliss, he's the happiest man in America.
How do you like that?
Let me say it again.
This is Vagallas coming on Bush.
If ignorance is bliss, he's the happiest man in America.
But Bush's ignorance isn't funny.
It could be enormously destabilizing.
He has no idea who has their finger on the nuclear buttons and emerging nuclear powers.
He has opposed sensible arms control treaties like the Comprehensive Test Band Treaty,
while supporting risky unilateral reductions in our own arms without demanding corresponding cuts from our adversaries.
All because he still believes in the Star Wars fantasy that so far is only succeeded in destroying the budget.
In the last analysis you should ask yourself, can we really afford a president who thinks the G8 is one of the coordinates in battleship?
There you go.
And it goes on and on.
Of course, like I said, if you're really on the side and really have it open mind, you'll read some of this stuff.
And you'll say, oh, I don't think so.
Not for me.
And if you have a close mind and pretend to be on the fence and you really need just a bush liquor,
well, go ahead, look how you can.
Give me your looks.
Thanks, Scott.
There you go.
Scott, the promen.
Who's playing golf in Las Vegas?
I'm so sorry to hear that.
But anyway, my lesson, nobody's perfect.
I hope everything's okay.
Everything all right?
Alas, good.
Great.
Everything's great.
It's not just good.
It's great.
Alas, great.
So what 90 cities South brings us a beautiful launch here today and now get out of here, Scott.
Okay, where we going?
Let's go to sunrise.
Hello?
Any other idea to listen to a lot of the calls that came in today.
And if you notice 90% of people that call you are for GOR.
They are?
Well, I don't think so.
We have almost nobody for GOR.
Maybe two or three group people.
The bus thief.
No, I don't.
You're wrong.
Almost everybody's called it about the bases in a bush man.
Maybe three or four of the opposite.
Maybe I've been off.
But this much.
Very odd.
I watched the debate last night.
And my brother and I were speaking and we noticed every time that GOR started to get into it,
he showed a bush for what he really was.
Yeah.
And we said, let's make a bet.
Let's see if the polls are going to reflect what's really happening.
Or if the so-called town hall thing when they have wool clicks or if they're asking questions,
are going to reflect what is actually happening.
And if I noticed in this debate and the debate before that,
that it doesn't seem to reflect what really happened.
No.
Well, the people in Moore and Michigan, though, it was unanimous.
They all raised their hands and said they thought they'd grow under debate.
The ones that were wolf or buscree.
And then these immediate polls show otherwise.
No, well, they showed what.
They showed that the one on CBS said they'd grow under the base 45 to 40.
I mean, it was a lot closer than it should have been, but they said,
go on to the base.
Right.
Oh, okay.
But in the polls, bush is still leading.
Yeah, but that was there are no polls that I've seen that were taken after the debate.
I saw CNN poll that shows me.
No, no, that was before the debate.
It was 3.7, 4.7, 4.4.
That was before last night.
And I heard some of these.
Yeah, I'm going to tell you seriously, this is so close.
I mean, it's not just a cleat shape, but this election is so close,
you couldn't put a curly hair in between the two of it.
True, true.
I'm quite scared to be honest with you.
I mean, I heard a couple of callers say that, but people don't really realize how scary this
really is.
You know, because if he comes in, you might as well jump ship.
If he comes in, some of us are going out.
You know, exactly.
I'll see you at the airport.
All right.
Bye-bye.
And in the battle, when we go to the airport, make sure they got some magazines and some food and crap,
no matter what time of day it is.
See, you folks have been so brainwashed in this town.
You're willing to accept mediocrity in anything.
Your newspaper is sucked, your airport sucks, your politician sucks.
At least they're consistent.
It's mind-boggling.
Oh no, you're wrong, Neil.
This is a world-class city.
Yeah.
Give me a break.
And of course, thank God we got Mayor Pinga Piccandie there to straighten out this candle
as the airport.
I just love those letters to the other, to ones like that.
When the fact of the matter is that he was the one that put all those cronies in there to screw up the airport.
Oh, but now he's having this investigation.
He's going to scream it all out.
Just like the cops are having that internal investigation about that prostitution ring down there and candle him high.
Hell yeah.
Yeah, they're looking into it.
They're looking deep into it.
Neil Roger show sports radio.
Five, 60.
Two, eight, eight, eight.
I love my parents.
Son, you're the good you're fed.
Not so straight feeling.
Last you know, when you're tired of that endless procession of bays coming back to your apartment after a note of the club's looking for nothing but sex.
Well, I have often wondered what it would be like to wake up next to a big strapping hairy man.
But I'm only so afraid of, you know, my boy, you two?
No, the makers of OB campers, it's our boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys,
the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys
the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys
the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys
the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys
the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys
the guys, the boys, the boys, the boys, the boys, never stop, and there's a list ofでも, no, the
104 said yes, only 16 said no, no. No way Jose. 16 people. See, I'll say it again. The young
people, we can't be bothered. We like Ralph Nader anyway. He's our man. We want to be,
we want to be like mom and dad. We want to be different. Yeah, we want to waste our vote.
We want to show you how much of smart Alex we are. Here's number five. Hello.
Lawyer, listen to me. Yes, sir. I got a couple of things I want you to come in.
First of all, I want to thank George for that wonderful show he's on Monday. God bless him.
Funny. Another thing is I want to thank you on Monday, George.
No, no thing I want you to touch up was on that fairly, that, that silly trash that she was talking about character.
And lastly, I want you to, since you were talking about having special guests or whatever,
how about the fishermen as a guest? Yeah, that's an idea. That would be a good rating.
Anyway, you're listening. Good showing. Oh God.
I'll tell you what. And I'll press even even recharge the blind man knows that girl wants to
one that be big. Yes. Yeah. Anybody who says otherwise.
You're coming almost snow. Okay. We go. Okay. Yeah. 5 6 7 0 5 60.
Palm 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon. Thanks for the great show yesterday, George.
Here's a lady in North Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, man. Hi.
Here's a couple of points. So we want to respect throughout the men to reach out to people here in America.
I look at Bush and I mean, the reason I think a lot of people are watching this physically.
Yeah. I didn't identify with him is because they're as ignorant or more than he is.
So they figure, hey, the more like the AT&T and one for president, I'm with him. That's all I can think about it.
And then there is no such thing as an ex alcoholic. Right. It doesn't include.
A lot of people have said that a thousand times. Yes. Right. Well, I'll go a lot of people don't understand that.
Well, why is it difficult to understand?
Maybe they don't know. They don't want to know. They don't want to know. These are the same people
that were so upset because Bubba said that he wants to try marijuana but didn't inhale.
He had to make that line up to passify them. But these people don't care that the man that they're
supporting is an alcoholic. Exactly. And has a good problem. Yeah. When he goes and tells for his victory,
while in good trouble. Right. That's all. Okay. Thank you. Thanks. 5.6705.60.
Calm 5.60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Here's something that really makes me sick for my stomach as a Jewish
year atheist. Now, what was the name of that outfit that you showed there a bunch of like we used Arthur R1.
They hit something that facts about how they're going to be dancing. Arthur Anderson LLP.
He's standing for prick. Yeah. Anyway, Rabbi 6 designation from city. His
article in the Herald by Erika Borstad. And she says, a hell of a bitch Rabbi has asked the city of
Hollywood to designate part of Hollywood and the Arab. A designation that even some of the restrictions
Orthodox Jews adhere to on the Sabbath. Oh, this is really important for Israel. It's really important
for the development of the Jewish community said, Rabbi, liberal Miller, a ritual director for
STI funeral services. From sundown Friday until sundown Saturday, the devout are prohibited from 39
activities, including driving and using electricity. They're also forbidden from carrying any object
between the private domain of one's home and the public domain. Their restriction can be
even though it's said if a rabbi identifies an Arab around the community.
It means mothers can carry children to fight in their services or push them in stores. People
can use wheelchairs and canes. Then can you carry prayer shelves, prayer books on a house key
or a house key when they leave their home. Haaland, this is the thing. When I read this, I made my
blood curtle. Haaland would already have one Arab established in 1985 around the Ember
Hills neighborhood near the city of Gags on Sterling Road. The new Arab would include the sudden
part of the city in the beach Miller said eventually it'll be part of a wider Arab and
collapsing parts of the amateur and hailed their beach and before they get done, all of a sudden,
that would be in your don't you think? You just thought well. I think it's hard to believe.
I just read the line since you brought me my freedom from religion free thought today
from September 2000. On the front page, a direct quote from John F. Kennedy who said,
I believe in an America where the separation of church and state is absolute.
Where no religion spot is, he used to impose its will directly or indirectly upon the general
populace where every man has the same way to attend or not attend the church of his choice.
There is, I should cut that out. There is one of the great statements in the history of this country
by a man who was elected and spread the fact that he was Catholic because he said he would be
taking orders from the Pope, a silly old man and a silly old dress. I take back all the
children before he was said about it. The only reason you said about anything about
Kennedy is because you're a professional Cuban and you're still holding that
history about to be a pig. That's your point. My point is you're for the crab and an anti-Semite.
I believe in an America where the separation of church and state is absolute,
said JFK where no religious body seeks to impose its will directly or indirectly
upon a general populace where every man has got to say right through a pen or not
attend the church of his choice. And when George W. got along good with the old man, Kennedy,
he could have supplied him with all his moonshine. That's what we need in ourselves,
the problem, like moonshine. Let's get him in here with Ellie Gray, what are you saying?
And they want an era to the fact that they've already designated one. To me, I find grotesque
and nauseating and again reinforces my feeling about Orthodox Jews. So you can come in a
professional Jew or you want, but the fact is that consistently said you can't find anyone
worse, more fanatical, more unacceptable than the Orthodox Jews. They make me nauseous.
And the fact that they make their kids run about with their beanies on their head,
it actually the same person that went to the screaming about the pig trying was in the early
of the tattoos. So why do you want to force your kids to run about with this identifying mark on
their head, making look like some kind of a freak so the kids can laugh at him. Better than go
into hell. I can't have a guy to think on your forehead. Oh, I'm a Jew, I'm a Jew, like you
believe him. See, I always thought that Jews didn't wait for religion on their slave, real Jews.
Not these naked belief, forbissing Jews, who are just inhibitors bad as the forbissing
Grimm, which goes to show you, like I've always said, religion is the root of all evil, all
AWL, all evil. Here's a call from Milwaukee, hello? No, I'll wire it. Okay, sir.
I've heard a lot of talk about the big insurance companies and everything and
said any political views I have aside. I work for an insurance company, a big insurance company.
And our specialty is 250 lives, so the small group market. And I know a little bit about this,
and I just want to kind of set the record straight. And I hate the drug companies. They're
chewing off, as a business, as a business man. But they don't spend more on marketing than they do
on research. That's just, that's an out and out untrue by Gore. All right, that's correct.
And I've got plenty of facts to back that up. No, I mean, you don't have to back it up,
it's only in this paper this morning, so it's another one he just, he can't help himself.
He's wording out this crap. Right. And I think about taxes. That's a bit of a fact, but the fact
is that the pharmaceutical companies are the fourth largest contributor to the Bush's campaign.
Oh, there's no doubt about that. There's no doubt about that. It's big business. Yeah, but
something about taxes. That's probably our biggest market. And it is not legislatively for us,
regulation-wise. It is not an easy market to do business in. They're incredibly difficult on us.
They, they mandate a lot of coverages that other states want to be sure that's not because of him.
A lot of happened in the last few years since he went into office and it's just getting tougher
and tougher and in there. They're coverage of children. The, you mentioned last night about
their patients' bill of rights. That's incredibly difficult. And we're not in HMO.
Is that why they're 49th in the healthcare for children in 50th and healthcare for women?
In Texas. The problem there is the common border with Mexico. Because all the kids that come right
over the border, we spent so much money on covering the kids down there, five more than any other state.
I must also be right. Taxis is number one in executions and number one in air pollution because
the Mexicans are bringing the crime and the pollution across the border. I don't know about that.
Yeah, I don't know. Well, the account back there's an excuse for every major problem that they have in
the state. Texas and why they're a day-lightening dollar short and almost every category.
Yeah, but you can, you can spend the numbers about any state. I mean, you can find plenty of problems.
Oh, yeah, it's guys' life is full of it.
Not spitting a number to say that you're 49th and 50th and you're in healthcare. That's, that's not
spitting a number. That's a fact. I'd love to see what it was under the previous administration
of that communist and Richards. Oh, that communist andward. Did you hear that? We finally, say,
I love it. When you leave these people on long enough, you're finally getting, of course,
who is from Milwaukee to have another one, that communist and Richards.
Oh, my God.
26th of the afternoon at 560 WQM.
I call it 10th-East of Packer in Japan.
This is a story of a girl who's out of nothing.
I'm a nixor.
She's got a hat. She's got a hat. She's got a hat.
Oh, why is body right? She can't smile.
It's what she was waiting for.
And now she is so wealthy.
This is for the guest.
That's because she's lucky.
My grandpa and his dad died, died, died.
That's because we don't stop thinking.
One should be fine.
That's you.
To that officer.
I deserve 400,000.
In the name of the 23560 WQAM, 27,784,
our fund base of this year for the plan, here in the South Beach, South Palm Beach,
in Broward, County.
Our cities and cassettes, all our spectators, all over town, day, Broward,
Palm Beach, Naples Fort Myers, go pick up 20 and 30 on the day.
And you get the key chains by ordering you by the phone, 350,
6305, 650156, 305, 650156,
or any internet WQAM.com, your wanders.com.
How is that poor coming?
The arms of glad you asked.
Is it worth voting in this year's election?
151 said yes.
Only 22 said no.
And the 22 said no.
I'm glad they said no.
In fact, many of the people are called today.
See, this last guy, any woman, any female Democrat,
Mexican waters,
and Richard's communist.
I love those people.
He's right-winging lunatics.
Look, I calls all the way from Milwaukee.
He must have been the fat initial confuse.
The fat on that other show, the Wild S. Limbaugh Show.
Carl Wild S. up.
You're love hearing your crap about the communist and Richard.
You're a crazy person, so you're lunatics.
Too much of that goddamn bad cheap beer in Milwaukee.
That's what happened to Jeffery Dahmer.
I'll see you talking about fags again.
Here's Helen Dale, hello.
Oh, yeah, I'm listening to all the rhetoric and all that.
I'm not going to be the one, but I'm going to say something.
You're not voting for either one of them.
What does that mean?
Well, that means that I think both of them are the biggest
liars on the face of the earth.
And I think Al Gore is a bigger liar than Bush.
And Mario Como, I'd be-
Are you a Combo or Mario one?
You know Mario Dumo or a Curry Como?
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, he was on the other one.
That was a very common one.
That was the only thing he could get in the one of them.
That's crap, yeah.
That's short.
Yeah, well, he is still about the top five percent
who are prospered like Ellen, the other 135 million here
who've done the what you're talking about.
When you say gray prosperity, he was telling them the truth too.
Now, the average wage when Bill Clinton came in
the office was $12.50 an hour.
That was eight years ago.
It's now $13.80 an hour.
Yeah, that's the bottom line, sir.
You have-
Well, let me ask you something.
First of all, he's making a quill.
Is that-
Who is that mate?
You asked, oh, I'm going to waste my time asking who is it that it
consists of me-
it poses an increase in the name of rage.
Screaming is the-
And you know something whatever you're making it too much.
If far outstreet you IQ,
I have to talk with you for about a minute and a half.
It's obvious to me that if you're not scraping by-
because we're going to pre-dem well here,
Georgia's scraping by is not making a fortune,
but he's doing better than he was eight years ago.
Yeah, I'm doing a little bit better than I was eight years ago.
I would be doing a lot better if some British could choose not my money,
but other than that, I'm still doing okay.
But just keep making it up as you go along, pal.
Just keep making it up.
And if not, I'm going to come up so because I saw with my own two wives
and heard it with my own four years.
So, feed me a pile of garbage.
And Richard's has got more intelligence in the last knuckle
of one finger than W.
who's gotten his entire pathetic body.
That communist that Richard's-
Yeah, here's Bokeh, hello.
Yeah, like-
George, you're the one who's got a lot of money.
Oh, gosh.
Okay, wait, your booth.
This guy's got 14 pounds of elephant onion as mouth,
and he thinks we don't recognize the phone.
The booth.
So, this is great.
I love it.
You don't want to know why, you notice?
And just like the poor, we took the people,
they can tell the screw around,
we didn't know what that was, see it was off.
This can be smacked with desperation.
And so, we're getting inhibited here today with a bunch of these bush workers.
And A.A.T. want his dumber and more obnoxious and more ridiculous.
And the previous one.
This should be a good old man to the rest of us,
because it shows me just how desperate you are.
And A.A.T.
a lot of sound too perunite, but sure, why strange timing?
About that mysterious plane crash of Governor Carnahan in Missouri.
The night before the debate, and just on the heels of the election,
the Senate election there, that he was running for Senate,
and was like, within a point,
Senator John Ashcroft, and now he's obviously going to win,
because he's running against the dead man,
because it's too close to election time,
they can't take a Carnahan's name off the ballot.
I don't want to sound conspiratorial.
I wouldn't do that.
I mean, just like Kennedy,
you know, if he wouldn't have just backed the Senate into those burlits,
here's the mother and Hollywood, hello.
Yeah, me, oh.
Yes, sir.
Listen, you're saying a lot goes, never say never.
So I called myself four years ago,
that I'll never see a dumber politician in Dan Kuo,
but after last night's Dan Kuo,
he's been there, he's fighting with them.
I mean, it's unbelievable.
Listen, can I get up the, you have the big first.
Anything you like, sir, this is America, baby.
Where's anyone?
As long as I like it.
Hey, next to them, I know this is liberty.
Did you see 16 years back on Sunday?
No.
Okay, there's a part they had on,
Mike Wallace was interviewing the head minister,
guy in Patispan,
and I saw he asked, he said this,
he says, we're not like,
and I want to thank all the,
cooking politicians in Miami for elevating us,
our status as a banana republic,
that's not a big gone global.
He says, I want to say, I think,
unlike certain places in the world,
we are not a banana republic.
And I almost fell off my chair.
We said that before in the Miami,
I'm pretty sure he was referring to us, Daniel.
But it's been, you know, my bad,
well, sir, you over to a democratically,
we have the government,
and now you are not democratic.
He said, well, sir,
we are in a way democratic,
unlike a certain banana republic that exists
on the earth in the world.
And that just threw me off for a loop.
I said, there you go again,
is there ever season two of May?
Oh, yeah, there is no compromise.
There is no compromise.
And that's in my way.
I don't know if I guess the fuck up is after that.
I'm trying to explain to him.
He's telling me that big new hell about,
I'll read a short funny kind of guy.
He said, he took it off,
foggle and stuff,
and I said, okay, that might be true.
But I'm not gonna have to say,
I'm sure, and you can ask Boogie,
but I believe me that,
Daniel also said that in Caddy check,
when Teddy Casey's gonna ask him,
what's he hunting down,
and he said, go for eight to five days.
But that's not Bill Murray, though.
He's not going, well, wait a minute, listen to it.
It's not Bill Murray, listen.
Oh, he's a blue guy,
he came to funny looking.
No, that's not Bill Murray.
Okay, well, I'm pretty sure you can ask Boogie,
double-check, because when he comes back,
quick, more on the show,
the friend that you're up there
at the starting of the show,
that's like, you're on the show.
He's a blue guy,
he came to funny looking.
Okay, I'm done.
Listen to him.
Well, next thing you know,
I call you up for MIA,
November 8th,
the first fight leading out,
your stamps to them,
and it's clock,
and the fight number 660,
come out of your...
Okay.
So you can redeem themselves,
and they're right at the end.
I mean, I oughta know where.
Yeah, it's rock.
It sounded like Arthur Murray,
I mean, Catherine Murray to me.
Come on, it was a January.
Maybe it was Murray to kill you.
I think it was Murray to kill you.
Might have been Ask a Book of Blind,
okay?
21215 65 W.
But the El Roger Show,
New Sports Radio,
560,
Q.A.F.
It's just these guys,
and they're the ones that got it,
and the people that call in,
they just like them,
like that they were only,
what a great,
the lead in their eye,
and they're...
I mean, it's terrible.
The years that I've been looked
at listening to 610,
and I see it.
No, from Washington,
the McLaughlin group,
featuring Eleanor Cliffs,
Jack Jamond,
and sitting in for Pat Buchanan,
New York Giant Tiki Barber.
Now, here's John McLaughlin.
It is you on,
George W.
Rings or Vaults,
Eleanor Cliffs.
Well, John, I have to say.
Long, Jack Jamond.
Well, that's not an easy choice.
Long, Tiki Barber.
I'm gonna have to say the book.
Long, actual answer,
long exercise.
That wasn't even a choice.
Next issue,
Al Gore,
favorite Broadway show,
bringing the noise,
bringing the func of cats.
Eleanor, do you think it's well enough?
Well, John, I have to say.
Long, Jack Jamond.
Well, that's a very difficult choice.
Long, Tiki Barber.
I'm gonna have to say,
not a choice,
really Tiki Barber.
You gave it as a lesson,
I wasn't a choice.
Long, correctly found cats.
He loves them.
Next issue,
the cats of big brothers should be murdered.
How?
Eleanor.
You would be.
Long, Jack Jamond.
Dynamite.
Long, Tiki Barber.
I don't think they should be Tiki.
Long, actual answer,
poison pudding.
Bye bye.
Thank you.
Thank you.
See, there's a like a little fascist.
I mean, he's funny.
He's a real Nazi,
but he's funny.
He's probably the fascism in the way I end up
in it now, John McLaughlin.
I say, here, I'm during this one at a party too.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60,
05, 5, 60 on the age of...
My name's right, my name's right,
my sub-guarante.
T.Y. was so alive,
and Verizon, and etc.
Sixth plantation.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes sir.
Hi Neil.
I want to ask for the subject,
but we do have definitely one in the election.
The election?
I mean, the election over.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
The development of debate.
I'm really proud.
But he asked, you know,
it is important that everybody vote in this election.
And I'm sorry that that's not lucky,
insurance agents write off about the Texas patient's
pair of rights.
That went into law
without George Bush's signature.
Well, didn't you ever when he said at the end,
I mean, there was no credibility
in anything that he said when he came up with that line
about that communist end,
which is, I mean, why would you believe anything that man?
I know.
It's, you know, definitely,
he's not in favor of patients still about me.
He does not find in his own state
he left it there, go into law without his signature.
And you know, and I thought there at the end
when he was raised in his right hand,
how about maybe he was taking Boy Scottos?
That might be it.
He had, you know, that one end
that he's got outstanding in front of that picture,
the pictures of a Boy Scout.
Yeah.
In the back.
He had a sublubable message there.
Yep.
A boy among those.
Yeah.
Okay.
Sometimes I think he has a problem with passes
at the end of words like interest.
Yeah.
Well, don't forget there's two S's and answers.
So you better get with it.
Have a good day, Tom.
Yeah.
5 6 7 0 5 60,
prom 5 60 on the AT&T and what?
Yeah, that admit your Jesus.
Comments.
Next thing you know should be marrying Ted Turner
after he ditches an oil jane.
I'm sure, but I want to get some guests together.
What do you want to do to show?
Those are the burgers,
trilateral commission,
the Illuminati.
Or you go for like, how I'm much room with you.
I'm sorry.
Why don't you have them out in the hallway?
There's Jesus out of screaming.
You know I'm going on out there anyway.
Here's Key West.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Neil, what is the,
where can I get the book is our children learning?
Probably in a bookstore, sir.
You know, like finds in the over the borders of one of those.
Any bookstore?
5 6 7 0 5
you could maybe give them a list.
Why's he got bad shoes?
What about folks?
5 6 7 0 5 6
you pound 5 60 on the 18 to utilize them.
I was like, if you're under the age of 100,
we would be lighter to speak if you're over the age of 100.
No way Jose do not call, do not pass go, do not pass get.
They are my life.
They are my way and they'll build an era of my neighborhood.
I mean, what are you crazy orthodox?
You are talking about to have a special designation.
They already have one among M.O. Hills
because it's mostly Jews.
And evidently, whoever wrote this article,
I wrote a birthstad.
Doesn't know anything about the separation of church and state.
Because there's nothing in it.
There's not even a vague reference to that in here.
For orthodox Jewish families observed the tenets of the Sabbath
with precision.
It's an important concept that dates back to ancient times.
Too bad.
If you want to observe ancient times,
then go to Israel.
Go over there with all those fubbitions.
With all those outfits that they weren't.
Rocking back and forth.
And you notice that you're one thing you'll discover,
which I'm sure you didn't have any of those comments.
Although, many of these really Jews now are talking
about how embarrassed they are by the actions of their own people.
Have you seen that on the news?
We've discussed that for the stories.
And they say that this is now what being Jewish is all about.
And he's far missing a lunatics where there are policies
and their schmatters are.
This isn't what we believe in or what we're all about.
The very spirit and the feeling of people
that have been killing a Palestinian children
isn't making us feel any better about life.
Yes.
We did just that.
So you see, if you want to be one of those people
wrapped by whatever your name is, Miller,
then go over there.
This plane's with an L.A.
has got planes good security too.
Plains leave an airy hour on the hour.
We'll pat you a swami sandwich.
Koshu, of course.
What's up, big trace in it?
Oi!
Here's a lady in Marguerite.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
Doing a good job.
Yes, ma'am.
I'm glad you're intelligent.
So you can talk to these.
So I can talk to all these brilliant rockets scientists.
The thing is, I wouldn't trust George Bush as far as I could throw him
because his party and just a few years back
tried to use the social security trust fund
to balance the budget.
And Hatfield lost his job.
He was the only Republican that voted against it.
And right away he was out of the job.
But at that time, the social security trust fund
had $69 billion more
with taking in and what it was spending.
Yeah.
So it's a secure program and it's probably one of the few programs that work.
That he ought to keep his hands off of.
Right.
Okay, Neil.
Okay, thanks.
I am.
Bye.
Look, two or four times.
Don't forget.
See, that's why he never said that at the end of the day
if you were for my opponent,
they'll vote more than once.
Because he knows the rest of us are going to vote two or four times
just to make sure, just to be on the safe side.
And there's George P. Bush.
There's the third generation.
Are they for the fourth generation now?
Whatever the hell it is.
Oh yeah, well, a contribution was really tremendous.
And the young people are going to come out
and record breaking numbers.
Look at that.
And there's Bernie Shaw sitting there like some kind of a poser.
Oh, maybe he was the other one.
What's your name?
Judy Woodburn.
And oh yeah, well, that's a good point.
Oh no, it was Bernie Shaw who's supposed to be this hard bit news guy.
And he says, well, I think you guys in the media
have done a good job of bringing it up to the,
oh, thank you.
Thank you.
Yes, the fact is little punk that was also born with a guy
that golden spoon up his neck.
Now, what's happening?
We figured out which half is Mexican and which half is all American.
It looks like one of those shoes.
Because after seeing him last night,
I'm not interested in exploring anymore.
One time a couple of years ago,
he talked about it.
He's got that symbol.
Then unfortunately, good looking young guy.
Sooner or later, he hit him and he'd wake up one day
and he got that ugly stick.
Right in the middle of that.
What happened?
Look at America.
Jesus Christ.
Jason Gedrick syndrome.
Yeah, look for now.
In fact, Jason Gedrick, now he's a mafia hitman.
Where's that mafia done?
Anybody believe in that?
Oh, and guess who my therapist over there by Louise Gedrick?
Guess who she treated?
Who was here in town one time some years back?
Not that far back.
So did that.
No, not getting warmer.
Jewish to even like him.
Robbie Benson.
Oh, speaking of Texas, always Robbie Benson.
Oh, well, you didn't really do it.
She's probably with a red-hunger.
So that's a good one.
But anyway, Robbie Benson,
who was, he had fallen or something like that.
And also had a couple of hard attacks,
not kind of hurt the things happening.
But she said he was a real sweetheart.
He was really nice.
He had a wife.
Carve what he did.
Any god in the what?
Here's a mother that Hollywood, hello.
Hi, man.
In the god of the movie, yes sir?
Yeah, I guess the only way I could say that
that bush one at the base and some believe.
I know, it's scary.
It's a comic that's scary as you.
Yeah, he was stopping a family or a real estate.
And it couldn't be.
From from the very beginning,
when he tried to express his sympathies
for the governor's family that had died in the plane crash
and the people on the call,
he didn't know what he was talking about.
He was fumbling and frumphing and, uh,
well, you know, the people had died today last night.
Whenever those people lived there, people had feel bad.
That was good.
That was real classy.
I think I have an answer to why the yet,
why the year polls show that you.
Why is that?
I think that's possible to be.
I think they took the poll over near the good house.
Billy compound in the Hollywood.
No, that might be it.
What's that?
Okay, they all a good day.
Okay.
What are you laughing about?
They had a wife in high, they don't live in high.
No, they don't.
When do they live now as a matter of fact?
They lose.
Well, let's find out.
Let's go camp out there and see if we can steer something up again
because this election stuff's getting pretty boring.
You first.
All of the audiences is it works.
Thank you, Cuban,
our topless people.
Thank you.
Thank you again.
In case you missed my thank you the first time
because you were pissed off at me.
Thank you for several months of tremendous entertainment
and real history in this town.
Because otherwise nothing was going on.
The NASX up 22 points.
The Dow's down 110, but that's better than 438.
I mean, when you look at the prices of these stocks,
I'm not trying to suck anybody out there to buy in stocks like Nokia,
like that for example, or Verox,
or AOL, or Fedegude.
I'm not trying to give you a sublimitable message,
but I'm just telling you,
if you look at these prices and you say,
wow, I better scoop up a bunch of that right now
at these low-bargroom prices.
Motorowa 21 and a quarter.
Can you believe that?
21 and a quarter,
but Nokia is a much better buy.
I've heard me 28 and a half bucks.
56 bucks a share, I pay for my Nokia.
I thought it was a bargain,
but this was going to be $100 stock.
That's what they were all talking about.
And now they also give you some advice for all your people out there
that want to invest your money,
including idiots that want us to invest their social security money.
You should only live so long.
All these experts on there,
just like this bulls who they got on there right now.
Oh, but I mean, but they haven't got a freaking clue.
And if they did, they wouldn't be wasting their time on television.
Just like Hank said about all those touts
we got those spots running on here.
If those guys were such great gamblers,
they wouldn't be wasting their time buying spots
to suck all of you on suspecting fools
out there in the gambling with them.
They'd be multi-millionaires.
They'd be sitting back on in their own damn city.
They don't build their own damn macondo,
their own casino.
Whatever the hell it is.
Oh no, I had seven out of ten.
I had to get away.
A sucker is born every minute.
That's what the stock market's all about.
Two suckers.
So if you want to take you retirement money,
you want to take all the money you've ever earned in your life
and head over to some puny Jewel like Mithra.
Go right ahead.
You go ahead.
I already did.
Too late for me.
I'm stuck.
I'm in so deep.
I'm up to my earlobe.
I'm up to my goddamn eyebrows.
I'm drowning in a seal.
Red ink on the balance sheet.
But it's something I'd paper you to understand.
I'm in for the wrong hell.
Yeah, just like James Woods in the movie.
He wants to pound a time in America when they take him away
in the garbage machine.
He was in for the wrong hell like garbage truck.
You could see those zips popping right off the bank.
That'll be a good per-one day.
Who's got the risk of impression?
James Woods, Wayne Hapinger.
Who's somebody else at the back in question?
With real bad zips.
Vocal?
Could be anybody.
Somebody with real bad craters zips.
What do I think about it?
Oh, I'm blind at it.
Blind at it.
But he's not the same category with James Woods and Wayne Hapinger.
As far as his complexion.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, it's very empty.
Oh, and also the kid who just came out of the closet too.
It's your shots.
Me that played the Superman on Lewis and Clark.
Who looked either of him.
Huh?
What if he Superman died?
Yeah.
He came.
Yeah.
Come out of the car.
I mean, I'm not really.
Oh, and then he puts Brooks Cherry.
Brooks Shields.
Is what I heard.
Brooks Shields.
Oh, that made me.
I wasn't too gone with Michael Jackson.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
See, I know George Shade's like most of us are Dalton and but the word beard.
Sorry, the automobile you're okay with that.
Beard.
Yeah, he popped with Cherry.
It was on top of a hot five Sunday.
Notice it was on top of a Monday.
1257 at 560.
I think it might have been Hillary if he asked me.
430-560.
W-2-A-F-I.
Hemi-Port Lauderdale.
A visely broadcast group station.
W-2-A-M.
Or the world.
Good job on to two.
Oh, very well.
We're going to go now to your closing statements.
Governor Bush.
First.
Thank you, Jim.
What I care about is failure.
And you know what?
It can happen in America with the right kind of leadership.
Surely this nation can come together to encourage doctors
that take the lives of our seniors.
Can I comment on that?
I would sign a law banning that procedure.
If I'm entrusted with the presidency,
here are the choices that I will make.
I'll cut health care, prescription drugs,
education, and national defense.
Put our budget into deficit, raise interest rates.
I can't let the man continue to hide beliefs
that Governor Bush is a national asset.
Correct.
But that's just totally false.
I'm just going to stand up here and say that
I have an abortion.
I'm not president.
Oh, I thank you, Jim.
Well, for all those really brilliant questions
you selected from the real good ones of winter.
Yeah, Governor Bush, I'd like to ask.
Now, what are you going to do about parent?
And I will say this.
This was the best answer of the night
because she was a moron.
She was never, then, he was.
About parents that won't take an interest in her kid's education.
He said, well, I wish I knew what law that was.
Then, of course, when they got to affirmative action,
he gave the say, I wish I knew what law that was.
But what they were was, is, you know, he memorized that line.
What about civil rights?
I wish I knew what law that, what about the Brady Bill?
I wish I knew what law that was.
560, 0560, 0560 on the 18T and Verizon wireless line.
210 people say it's worth voting in this year's election,
really, 36 say, no.
No.
Highly graded, until.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
In that debate last night, I don't know if you saw it.
I saw the entire thing.
Wow.
Every second.
One second, I've heard it.
One little snippet of it is when Jim Lenter said something
to George is the cutting to stopping.
And George sort of looked at him and ducked.
And it was just such a weird thing for someone to do.
I mean, not what you would take a polished leader would do.
It's like, good old boy standing around a thing, drink a beer with him.
Oh, you talk to me?
And he looked at his whole thing.
I just ducked.
Yeah, he looked at good old pumpkin.
That's just he basically.
I mean, you imagine him in the halls of power throughout the world
conducting himself that little smear and.
No.
I can't even see him in the looking bedroom.
By the way, I'm the American airline baggage guy that did something
last year about baggage and stuff.
You know, you hate American airlines.
I mean, I do at least.
Yes, I do.
Like, posing.
Well, I have a great day and I know where I'm voting.
I'm going to vote off too.
It's several times, okay, for Mr. Gore.
And watch out for the hand grenades.
Thank you, sir.
Okay.
American Airlines, baby, it's the only airline in the world
that gives you free hang with age right in your overhead.
They just reach up and grab a couple.
Fine, let me say again, national airlines, the best.
I love national airlines.
What a shame that all those new pilots just were up there in Toronto
taking up my hotel rooms.
Because I could have flown national airlines
with some future time when I wouldn't have had such bad luck.
And it wasn't just me.
I'll allow you to play those stupid slot machines
and at the roulette crap.
All I want to just say this to you.
Everybody else I talked to was there.
Well, except for Scott, because he was busy playing golf.
But like D-Fo and his crowd and his boyfriend,
probably the drunk man, whatever that guy's name is.
I was saying, probably, well, they all lost their ass.
Yeah, respected.
At least B-Fo's got, you know, he may be kind of a stlowly
drunk in the whatever.
But at least he's got the balls to admit he lost his ass, you know?
One thing that just makes me sick to my stomach
is all these, not easily, oh, well, I, you know,
I really bet they were made in their life they cash.
If they were a cancer, they bet they were made in their life.
What am I busy talking to lots of them all like I said before?
If there's such experts.
I mean, if you could gamble every day of your life and have a great time
and you'll continue to never lose because you were so smart
or lucky or both, why the hell would you be working your ass off?
With some con job, with some scam.
Here's Cole Springs, hello?
Neil.
Yes, so.
We'll click things and we'll get to the, uh, debate.
A reference has been.
Does he?
Oh, god, yeah.
terrible.
Did they always cover it up with a lot of makeup?
Good.
Here at N. time, Paul, right after the debate,
they did a quick, or maybe a half an hour later,
showed Gore, uh, ahead by two points and they,
and that was about, I had my two points in one.
You mean they showed, they showed,
go in the election, not in the debate.
They showed Gore making a ball of ad,
he held the gate point.
So that is, no, no, no, no, no, he was down three before the debate
and then they see him in the other.
So I have five points in one night.
Well, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, that's the point.
How can they possibly look?
I used to think that the dumbest people in the world
were the people that are on Jerry Springer.
The people that watch the people that are on.
Now, the dumbest people in the world are these
students and panels that they had, work with,
and whoever moderated on the other channels.
Because I'm working with you.
But wait a minute, you gotta understand,
that's mainstream America.
I know, I know it's too far.
I think that's, that's, that's,
that's, that's, that's,
that's, that's, that's, that's, that's,
that's what you're doing.
Well, if you live in a country with a three big,
and TV shows over the last few years,
or who wants to be a stupid millionaire,
right?
Okay.
Stupid survivor.
In Jerry Springer.
Jerry Springer.
So what does anybody expect in the guy that's,
he's, the guy that called earlier at it, right?
Everybody's been trying to figure out,
you know, the people that know better,
trying to figure out,
am I watching something and I'm not understanding
what's happening?
No, the guy called, you know, last hour.
And it's the bottom line that there are too many people
in this country who are idiots.
And they, they understand Bush's,
no, no specific answer, as opposed to what's really happening.
I give you one final thought,
just like this previous caller said from American,
American Airlines.
Just think of George Bush in a summer meeting.
And that's what he got to think about.
Okay.
Thanks.
You can find a way to get there.
They have to, that's the point of it on the map.
Thank you, sir.
560, 560, 560 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line.
I sat down here at 10 this morning.
I just looked around and the call was almost vacant.
And I wondered to myself,
what is with these people?
I mean, what, where is your brain?
What is your mind working on this moment?
And now, over the sudden, we've been flooded with calls.
Now, that guy was good to have one,
about a half a dozen really good calls in the last three hours.
And then we've had a lot of...
Eeeeeeeeh!
That.
But now I begin to understand why the desperation,
see how to get it before,
why there's some like desperation from the Bush people.
But if just last night's debate made a quick five point change in the CNN
time pool, which of course is the gallop,
does the CNN end of it,
which we're going to hostline that they are,
that means that maybe a thing's going to look at also Rosy today.
After what truly was an embarrassing performance,
so maybe never want to say that to talking head.
Although, Dan Radder, I got a...
Did you watch what we were watching on CNN?
No, CVS.
Did you hear the writers comments when it was over
about the king, the commenting...
Yes.
He is just phenomenal.
He's just great.
He's the only one that was scraper away all of the near
and all the plants that could all of this.
I tell you exactly what you saw, you know?
Call it like it is.
Like his comment after the second debate about
there should have been a warning sign about
do not drive or operate a heavy machinery
after watching Mr. Bay.
Yeah, nice going.
He's the only one.
I guess he can afford to do it because he's been
there a hell of a long time.
He's not going anywhere till he's ready.
What's the frequency, Kenna?
Nice going, Dan.
Well, he's got an economist like Amritschuk with the Belgian Texas.
9 minutes after what is 560 WQM?
Robert, you're up on all the boys.
I'm a challenge.
Well, congratulations.
Get a life.
You know,
you know,
you will say
I need a chase.
Stop that.
Stop that.
Stop it.
Stop that.
I need a chase.
You know, Dan.
And then you're the best.
And I'll be right.
1 14 at 5 60 WQM.
Happy Wednesday to you.
We got thank, Colbert.
Show coming up at 2.
268 votes are second poll of the day.
Is it worth voting in this year's EWR election?
229.
Say yes.
39 say no.
No.
Not worth a record.
It's rather stay at home and pick a winner.
Here's a mobile and temper of time.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Oh, hi, Neil.
I'm a pharmacist working out in temper of time today.
Right.
And I heard that gentleman make a comment about
Croix Remark last night about the direct advertising
to the consumers.
Right.
You mean like the commie hunter from Milwaukee?
Yeah, the commie hunter from Milwaukee.
Well, just to slightly adjust what he said,
there was an article I read about a month or two ago.
I think it was a pharmacy time magazine.
And what they said is the current trend
at the end of this upcoming calendar year,
the end of year 2000,
there will pretty much be an even split
between what drug companies stand on.
Development of new drugs and also on direct advertising
to the consumers.
So, Grol was not over exaggerating
or stretching the truth.
He was taking a legitimate fact
and as he stated it's a particular point in time.
So, there's nothing wrong with what he said
as opposed to the things he picked on about last week.
And one other thing about the drug companies,
there's also this awful fact.
Last year there was an article that came out
in one of the other magazines
and I also saw it in, I believe it was in New York Times.
In over the last five years,
it looked at all the drugs that have gotten passed by the FDA.
Only 9% of all of those drugs
have to do with new inventive things
like new age drugs or that sort of thing.
91% are considered copycat drugs.
And what that means is the drug companies
just want a piece of the pie
that helps align their pockets.
So, when they say they need all this extra money
in order to develop new drugs,
that's in their perspective
kind of stretching the truth through a large degree awful.
Yeah, nothing mentioned the NIH money
they got to call them on before.
Plus the fact, you know,
we're hitting right on the headline slide
about the generic drugs fighting the best,
you know, drugs and breathing the price way, way down
which of course the pharmaceutical companies
are all against
because it's going to cost them billions of dollars in profits.
Oh, you bet.
I mean, I hear, when I see a person come in
with a drug for cholesterol
and a drug for high blood pressure,
it's nothing else.
And I know the person is a senior citizen
on a fixed income.
And I have to charge them $300 for it.
I just want to cry
because I know they're making that that choice.
And I know it's the catch phrase
now they have to choose between eating
or paying for the drug.
But that's a whole lot more legitimate
than people think.
Right.
Now, so I mean,
if you want to vote for no other reason,
it's like a bush that is programmed
will help to provide coverage for seniors in four years
and go as they next year.
Well, we need to do it this year or next year.
It's got to be done right away.
So if people can't figure out who to vote for,
just look at that.
And think of your parents
you know, having to choose between taking the medication
the way the doctor prescribed
or having to cheat on it
or having to get meals in order to afford their drugs,
that's just deplorable.
Right.
Okay, my friend, watch out for those comments.
Oh, you betcha.
Okay.
Yeah.
Yeah, I mean, you know,
try some of the bailouts.
I go to the really good thing.
And he wrote,
you're in the really part and then later on toward the end
where he said,
if you're in favor of the many talk about,
you know,
high prices for prescription drugs
and he went on to the whole,
then this is your man.
And he did a real effective job on that.
And he was right.
And there was no response to it.
There was no defense to it,
except that bit of whining
and hiding under Jim Lear's armpit.
Oh, yeah,
we'll see these debating tactics
and making the attacks on it.
It's so juvenile,
making attacks on the opponent.
That's what it debates all about.
A different to opinion.
He was making personal attacks.
He never said you robbed the freight train.
He never said you were a cheap drunk.
But then you probably never went to school
or you missed a guy,
then you're in the national guard
and never shut up in Alabama.
But if you wouldn't have been a personal attack
because it all would have been true,
but he spared you that embarrassment.
But to talk about issues,
this man can't do it.
It's always the same glittering generalities about,
oh, well, he will have worked on a bipartisan way
and he's going to get it done and yada yada.
Yeah, he's going to get it done.
All right.
For big tobacco, big oil,
the big pharmaceutical companies,
the religious right,
and anybody else that most of us can't stand.
That's who he's going to get it done for.
Because if he gets in,
a lot of us are done for.
For you, George,
he didn't like illegal aliens.
He's sick of those Mexicans.
Except his grandson.
There's nephew, whatever he is.
Here's the mobile in Hylia.
Hello.
Let it go!
All right.
Here's a good call from Hylia.
One of your people.
Send him over to see his earphone.
Maybe we can take a bath together.
560 out of 0560,
0560 on the ATC and Verizon wireless loss.
Here's the baby.
Hello.
Classics, though.
Uh-huh.
Hey, buddy, you still taking,
you still taking candidates for your bad complexion.
Yeah, I'm going to take that pool.
Maybe tomorrow we'll do that one.
You've got that the most obvious one.
You've been going to trade for it.
Baby Johnson.
Baby Johnson?
That's right.
For that all of the bottoms since he got canned.
Right.
See George, George,
that baby Johnson,
our friend, the way he's going to know.
No, no, no.
This former medical advisor's up until a few days ago.
And, uh, good point.
There you go.
And tied into that, of course,
is the baseball issue,
which is a,
I don't know, for some reason,
the court campaign refuses to bring the polite.
I don't know why they won't bring the facts
forward that George W. Bush
had his father's friends help him
purchase the Texas Rangers.
Right.
And then,
a tax fair expense
had the oil and titanium built
that new kind of medium.
Benso is, of course,
a quadruple or a quince car.
So, I kind of have a value.
I don't know.
For example, 14.9 million dollars.
None of which in people hate
building stadiums.
Look, look, they hear.
This is a guy who basically went before the public
and had the public building a stadium
reap the benefits sold the team
and now it's a multi-million,
which by the way is his primary source of income.
Right.
Because apparently,
probably that even a failure
in a number of businesses.
Have every business.
But for some reason,
they will not publicize that kind of.
Why not do that yesterday?
And, uh,
the other section of the
school baseball man he traded,
saying he's so so wealthy.
Just a ditch for the frosting on the cake.
What, you know,
people are just,
I think I would try to
point an associate Gore with him.
Or they're,
yeah, but be sure,
that's not true because
Clevver still got on
believeable approval ratings.
He's got like 65% approval rate.
You know, I tend to believe up.
And maybe in the privacy of their own home,
they just are feeling that there's
some kind of resentment
that they won't point for.
I can't explain it.
Neil, how can he explain
peace and prosperity in this guy
that got heat with this guy?
I don't know.
Gore Gore should be 2530 points in here.
He's run a bat campaign in here.
He had three separate campaign managers
at the Bay Area Base.
And he's had difficulty finding traction.
But the problem is,
well, the pick him six months to find a personality.
That was the problem.
He doesn't have one.
But, that's all right.
We're not a wet thing.
It got him going on the,
on the time I do.
Yeah, but you're forgetting,
you're forgetting when the
agency television,
that's what you got.
And you got to schmalz it up like you
leave him in on their sick and I did it my way on,
uh, kind of blind.
But the problem is that at this point,
you've got three weeks to go.
And you're just,
you know, we're running out of time.
We're about four times.
We're about five or six.
Take care.
We're running for baby jobs.
Okay.
He's voting for baby jobs.
Who is the other one you had in there?
Edward Jones,
all of us.
Oh, Edward James are almost,
uh, good enough to be out of the list.
Both.
Edward James almost,
he gives me the creeps.
Well, you shouldn't say that.
No.
And who's the other one you said?
Brian Adams?
Yeah, yeah.
Bad.
From Channel six.
Seven.
No, I know Brian Adams.
Okay, with a bad, bad complex.
And I know all of you.
I don't like his music either.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
prompt 5, 60 on the 18T,
and provides a wireless line.
He ain't no, uh,
Nick Lache.
Let's share whatever his name is.
Whose brother, you got married.
You see that in the paper today?
Uh-huh.
You got married.
Nick, of course, he's still going with that.
Jessica.
Yeah, well, she's holding it back.
She's waiting until we're both about 40.
And then she'll think about taking a look at it.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, the first thing color.
All right.
Uh,
you ought to do that a little while ago.
Somebody said there was a girl marry.
I don't know if you remember that.
Yeah.
Uh, actually, that's one of the movie called Fargo.
I was just watching United.
I tried to tell that to Georgian sister's girl,
movie.
Oh, he's a little guy.
Kind of funny.
Looking at Fargo.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah, one more thing.
Both fish.
Yeah.
Right.
Push this.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 2.
It's one of your people.
He says, but Bush and he's a father, man.
I tried to tell you that.
I don't know how you wrong.
It's very, very, very, it's from, uh, meatballs.
First.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
Palm 5, 60 on the AP and P and Verizon wireless lines.
Yeah, both Bush.
Yeah, there's one of our young geniuses out there.
You're a real rocket scientist, baby.
You got too much bush on the brain.
That's what that stuff will do to you.
A little bush like I've told you for years.
Okay, I guess.
If that's your thing, but too much bush.
Dangerous.
Here's a mobile in time of time.
Hello.
No.
Yes, sir.
Good afternoon.
When you're clear.
First of all, you do a great jewelry ribbon.
Yeah.
And why don't you start picking on a fine
to be sent out from Connecticut?
Because it's, uh, we're going to be more civilized
than our debate.
Uh, excellent.
Well, I want to vote yesterday.
Yes.
And there was this young kid in front of me of color,
as one might say.
For sure, yes.
And he went to, uh, change his political party
to a Democrat and, uh, he's voting for Gord.
Probably because he had it from you.
Well, what if he's going to be a Republican
in the first place as far as you're
who is a Republican?
I know.
Jews for Hitler.
What the hell is that all about?
And I'm going to cut my children's for a Castro.
Anyway, I'm heading to Vegas next week.
And then from there, I go to Australia for three weeks.
So I'm going to push it in.
I'll see you in four years.
We'll see you in Bush country.
All right.
Okay.
Good luck.
He's going to Bush country,
which is going to be Australia.
Because he's going to be Gord country.
We're left in Gord Vidal.
Oh, yeah.
Faggot likely starting.
5 6 7 0 5 50.
5 6.
I forgot to ask him what airline he was flying to Vegas.
Hopefully national airlines.
I'm telling you.
Seriously, we had a tremendous experience.
This was about the only trip that I've taken in recent memory
where the good experience was with the airline in the air.
And not when I got to where I was going.
You know what I'm saying?
Usually the pin reactions that traveling to get their part
and when you get there, you have a great time.
In this case, it was just the opposite.
All right.
You hear Neelan was ripping Vegas.
Yeah, they know what's ripping Vegas.
I just said I was going to burn out for a couple of days.
Not waiting to go back.
Gord is going to turn over his paycheck to me.
He's going to be doing some very important intellectual shows
this Thursday and Friday.
Tomorrow and Friday.
About nuclear physics.
We're just general physics.
And he's going to be doing some more anti-Jew shows.
And I'm going to run you know, just take his paycheck
and see if I can be lost.
We're like a half an hour out there.
15 minutes.
Hey, is that bonus coming on his paycheck?
Oh!
What's here for Jure?
And you know, did he ever tell you?
Vom 4k in there, did he ever tell you when the book is coming out?
Well,
she and getting started with this radio stuff again.
I know you don't want to hear about it,
but it just, it just bugs my ass.
And if the other part of me too,
that it's so slip shot here,
why can't we get some freaking information?
When is it?
Monday the 23rd of the Welcome 30.
Oh, do you remember the show?
Hey, I told you.
I thought that day.
I might have to come back from Vegas again.
Yeah, I think I'm going to go back.
Take all that money I have in Jure.
So what's the rest of it?
I think about $1.50.
And what did I tell you?
Was that the one person that told you that no matter what's
talking about, whether it's IBM,
whether it's Cisco, whether it's in a matter of what it is,
in a couple of months it's going to be worth $8.00 a share.
No matter what it's worth now,
because that's the direction we're headed in.
And I hate to break the news,
but the NASDAQ is in the minus again,
only 20 points,
but it's heading that direction again.
Even though some microsystem just came out with stellar earnings,
they beat the street by $3.00 a share.
Does anybody care?
No.
Here's Fort Myers.
Fort Myers.
Oh.
Yes, sir.
Yes, I was undecided yesterday,
and I made up my mind.
Yes, it's got to be all out.
I thought he'd kick some ass.
Hell out?
He kicked some ass last night.
He did.
No question about it.
I'll come out here and more of that.
It was pretty obvious.
I can't vote for a guy who keeps biting the inside of his lip.
You're going to see that part.
Yes, I did.
Between the snorting and the sniffling.
Just constantly biting his lip.
The other thing too.
He's been biting his tummy before he made those stupid comments.
Yeah, he was also talking about insurance.
You know, I'm going to say it in text.
In insurance.
Yeah.
What is the good old boy?
He had a great time with him at the barbecue.
Now, the one thing he made a big mistake too is when they asked him
to let the tax set, you know, Larry said,
does it favor the rich?
He came out and he said, he explicitly said,
of course it does.
Yeah.
He never said exactly that way,
but he doesn't deny it because he says,
well, everybody ought to get a tax set.
And then the only thing he does, he doesn't,
but he never specifically answers the question.
He always does a top answer about it.
And that should be the tip off right here.
If you can't answer the question,
it shows you that whatever association
just been made is true.
Yeah.
With the healthcare thing, he didn't have any specifics.
No numbers.
No.
Obviously he probably can't count up to 10,
so it doesn't matter.
Let me ask you something.
Maybe, did you know about this special that's on PBS?
Can I call critical condition?
No.
I would encourage you to watch it.
Okay, it's a PBS special.
It's about to healthcare crisis.
It's with Hendrick Smith.
Okay.
Watch that show if you get a chance.
My brother works for Kaiser Permanentean.
Kind of a good one.
There are non-profit,
which is rare for an HMO.
Right.
But there have a lot of problems.
What time is it on?
What time is it on?
It's on, I think, at 8 o'clock.
Okay, I'll get it.
Thanks.
Well, here's another quote,
when he was on a hardball, softball,
probably with Chris Matthews and MSNBC,
May 31st of this year.
Bush says, first of all,
Synchro Demio is not the independent state.
That's the AC safety September.
And Matthew says,
what's that in English?
Bush 15th of September.
The AC space takes up the
November 15th of December,
as in...
And I can understand it,
who is like the AC,
say the AC,
see if there's maybe a little mistake there.
The only problem is,
Kim Fee is the word for 15 in this panel.
You already when I know that,
from high school to Spanish.
So you're a little bit off there, George Boy.
You moron.
28 after 1 at 5.62.
And...
But Neil Roger shows,
you sports radio,
live 60s.
Q.A.
Why are you early?
Shit like this.
Will they reach?
The new falsies and it kicks off this week.
The new critics give it blues and cheers.
They bring back cheers.
The new falsies and those.
That's the show.
Kiss on me for even the cast, no.
Act as something for a weekend's cause.
Joe's on a call.
Looking for a few tunes.
Yeah.
How's that Michael Mellon show?
Yes, dear.
That's close.
Can you believe Gerrard Rock is still on the air?
Oh my god.
How about you guys and the girls?
What happens with the pizza place?
Why did Bet Mill look at a TV show?
I'd like to ring her chicken neck and that Michael Ricci.
I'd like to miss Kramer,
but Kimmy is great.
Can't you hear David?
Well, but I like that he was wearing it the original.
I did a whole time.
I'm tired.
I love the crummy,
joe debut tonight.
Tallywood is spending leisure time.
Can't we back?
The new falsies and it blows.
The more they try.
I'd rather just been down and watch
paint dry.
It's better by the nation of crime.
It's crime time.
Let it fall deep in the bowl.
I want to talk about that.
134-560-WDQ.
I'm the old friend Chuck from the subcenter.
We run a corner of 441 and I'm very old.
I got a good buddy from the subcenter.
He's no good guy, but Kimmy and I haven't seen Chuck in a while.
This is the second time this has happened to me.
Since I got the cast off my hands.
When you have the cast on, it's obvious that nobody's going to shake you or whatever your hand.
The cast is on.
When I went for my therapy on Monday and my good close friend,
she's Louise over there.
I was introduced to her and she's very nice.
She shook my hand and of course,
it happened to me then.
I mean, hard.
Not a handshake of the whole hand,
but of the fingers as in gnashing all the fingers together.
Chuck just came in here and did exactly the same thing.
I was like that and he said,
I'm sorry.
You should peel it red like a warning sign.
And the finger too, yeah.
I know a lot of people are all up here.
They're red like a warning sign.
560, 05, 60, 05, 60, 08, 3, 10, 05,
10, 05, 05, 05.
Hank was just in here and he said he agrees with me.
That National Railway he's already told you is National Railines is the best.
Oh! Great.
Great service.
Great 757s, not those little pump jumpers.
And they get you there early and they come back early and they're just efficient.
They can get it done.
No handshake.
Here's a mobile and West Palm Beach, Cheryl.
Yeah, how you doing?
Pretty good.
Neil, I've got a couple things I've been, you know, just thinking about for a long time.
Okay, let him out.
Or what is, you know, why can't the Democrats get, you know,
explained to the public how the real Liars in every campaign are the Republicans?
They always deal in the big lies.
So the Democrats can't lie to the Republicans?
They can't be liars.
And they've always done that ever since mixing,
being hell into hazing Douglass.
Right.
You know, it's always, well she was another communist, you know.
Some of the other things I've been thinking about is this.
The Pink Lady.
Yeah, right.
That's really, I mean, somehow around the Democrats eat them, make it clear to the public
because the public just doesn't get that.
Yeah.
But the public doesn't get much.
That's for sure.
The other thing I wanted to say is this, you know,
Bush has executed more people than most of the people he's executed have killed.
He's executed 180 people.
Yeah.
The people he executes, maybe they've killed one or two people.
And this guy just keeps like, you know, pulling the switch.
Including you.
Including you.
Including the party.
Including the people he don't want to listen.
Retarded people and also people who had the sleeping Morrison from the,
uh, uh, I'll quote a point of the prosecutors.
I mean, defend public defenders.
How do you like to have that?
How do you like to have a public defender?
Your life is on the line.
You're on trial for murder.
And you're attorney, sleep's halfway through there.
Maybe two or three quarters of it.
Which shocks the hell out of me that that could ever happen.
But it does happen as well documented in his book as our children learning.
So let me ask you, is our children learning?
No.
567-0560-0.560.
He saw as much as I'm going to vote for Goa and he does come across much better in terms of education with all of them in teachers.
And this and that, I still won't believe that either one of them really gives a fine crap about education.
We don't want to educate the people in this country because an educated electorate becomes very dangerous.
Once people are smart, then you can't pull this kind of shenanigans and say that this is a political campaign for prisoners.
People where they would laugh at you.
What are you doing with uneducated dumb people who are busy watching Jerry Springer or Ray Bay?
Then it's easy to put this on.
Oh, well, this one he had a veins, we're popping out of his head, and he had a one that was frowning too much.
Yeah. Well, that's a good reason to vote.
I have a matter of fact, just a minute ago about how Bush was making too much water.
Maybe he's back to that drinking problem.
Could be.
Maybe it's kind of like simulating, you know, tipping the glass through the purse.
You think it's probably a 15-step program? Those are the last two that we never heard about before. That's one of them.
Yeah. You drink a lot of water and you can put totally a glass through the purse and you think you're drinking it.
The good stuff.
And you know something from some of his answers made he was.
Maybe that's why he kept snorkeling and the smircling there the whole night last night and doing that.
Can you write to him what his nasal passage must work on?
22, member time passages, let's have a song called nasal passages.
22 before 2 at 5, 60 W.
There you go, Bokobrine, I think you'd be busy.
Memia, I hate the over high honey.
I gotta go.
Say you're not leaving for work with a high fiber breakfast, Daria.
Gee, I don't have time for breakfast.
Well, then try one of these.
It's a sun-kicked, pitted prune.
A sun-kicked, pitted prune.
There's fiber in this, you're back.
You get 10 times of fiber in head with every bite.
Woon, sweet, delicious.
Uh-oh, out of my way.
Say, where are you going now?
Oh well, you're a robot, any start will.
Sun-kicked, pitted prune.
Now with 10 times of fiber to keep your healthy.
Right.
Right?
Be right out on a little plumbing problem.
Okay.
142 at 5, 60 WQAM.
So this is what we got for the Mars pool.
You think we ought to do it today?
Let's put it up now.
Because this one is obvious.
Huh?
Is it worth voting in this year's election?
273 years.
84 and a half percent.
Only 50 people said no.
15 lazy idiots.
15 percent.
So let's change the poor again.
Why not?
Keep the icon as close.
Give me something to do over there.
Maybe the exercise losing an ounce or two.
What?
Let me give you a look like that for us.
He's sensitive about being fat.
Oh, I don't know.
He's a fat guy.
Why shouldn't he be?
He's a pretty fat guy.
He's a grown boy.
You know, I think I can't.
Maybe you have a movement from here to the computer.
We're like, you know, eat up a half a calorie.
Can't hurt.
Why are you laughing so hard?
He's a big, chubby guy, Eric.
He's great.
He loves him.
He does a spectacular job.
I watch that for the best in the world.
But he's fat.
I just show us all our best stations.
He's all about fat.
Right?
So here's our new full question.
Now, how did I, I don't even remember how I phrased this.
Who's got the best vix, who's got the worst complexion?
Who's got the worst compression?
Davey Johnson, former Metz, former Metz,
and of course, Braves' second basement.
Davey Johnson, former Dodgers, manager, just fired, of course.
Wayne Hyde Pinga, James Woods.
What other movies was he and besides the once-a-time-time America James Woods?
So I was lots of it.
And we played Roy Cohn in that, whatever that fit of thing.
Was that the name of the movie?
No.
My favorite part of that movie was when Roy Cohn walked up to the president
and the president stood there and a connection with him and said,
You're gay.
That was my favorite part.
Edward James, almost, who's almost enacted,
but don't tell him.
And Brian Adams is almost a singer, but not quite, not even close.
That's not a bad five.
If there were any others, I don't think there's anybody in that category.
The worst compression in the history of the movie race, Davey Johnson,
Wayne Hyde's anger, James Woods, Edward James, almost, or Brian Adams.
Good, so I'm a little eager.
Oh, that's, oh yeah, manual, manual.
Do you have original pineapple hat?
Yeah, manual, manual, manual, or more eager.
Yeah, I'll put him on there.
So you know you're making a complicated report, Eric.
But that might be another two calories right there.
Yeah.
All right, he's probably taping it in lightly.
You don't want to over-exert that's how I, the way I look at it.
Here's Hollywood, hello.
Okay.
Getting back to the people who've been talking about the war
and they talk about the bush.
To me, that's a circus of clowns and a political arena.
You know?
Yeah.
Why not the, the other guy?
That's what we got.
But why not sell it?
Oh, Jay, something that's the next problem is...
Why not sell him into the lake?
He's gonna play with his monkey too much.
Oh, God.
So sad.
So pathetic.
There's another political maven for you right there.
There's another educated American with a great sense of humor.
Not.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound fire.
And there's that kind of adult.
So this is the thing about doing the show like almost 25 years now.
These are adults.
These aren't like children.
They're overgrown children, many of them.
But these are adults.
People who have lived long enough to have like maybe a half a brain,
maybe a little growth somewhere in their body.
Correct them.
Yeah, that too.
And it's still like a little children.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound fire, 60 on the AT&T and Hawaii's and wireless line.
Don't forget the specs.
Get in the specs and pick up your best of stuff.
Now they're gonna be going out to the hour.
They're just gonna be sitting around with that circle to look like they were doing the news.
Maybe I'll have a bottle of happy look on this face.
Oh, by the way, that reminds me of our girls who are hosting on this computer in Amsterdam.
I spoke to Juan Jeremy last night.
And he said he's very busy.
He said you're not nearly as tight as he used to be before he moved to Amsterdam.
Whatever that meant.
Here's a mobile and avid chura.
Hello.
Mobile and avid chura.
Hey, how are you doing?
Okay.
You're a spin-con question.
You forgot family Jones.
Yeah, that's a good one.
I was watching that the days last night.
And George Bush said, I'm on.
There's no other words.
I mean, people could say what they want about him.
He was the stupidest person I've seen, one for President and all my life.
If you look up dumb, whose picture is next to a medic in your...
Yeah, but you know who's right there in the thin class.
Those people that were watching the day either, and there's like, whatever, this polling place...
The whole thing is focused, yeah.
Oh my God.
But that's what this one woman afterwards is building that bitch.
They asked her, oh, what impressed you?
Oh, well, Governor Bush impressed me with this gun safety issue.
Yeah.
What gun safety?
There isn't any beauty here.
Well, maybe she likes going to church and where they bring the guns in the church in Texas.
Maybe she likes that.
She feels safe.
And then that other gun woman in that...
And I just can see a gun firm.
It's where they're all wondering about shooting each other all these ex-pollums.
But anyway.
Yeah. And then the best for this woman that asked Bush.
What are you going to do about this guy for Paganda or whatever she...
How long has she been through that I keep getting...
Yeah, more elderly.
Yeah, there's more elderly.
What are you doing about it?
Are you like watching what we are doing?
What's your job at the pairing?
Right.
I thought Tipper Grohl was going to come running out of the cloud and start making a speech.
I think I she didn't.
I think she was going to come out and start making hours there.
It would have been kind of funny, huh?
Never been interesting.
Okay, see if they're looking dead.
Five, six, seven, oh five, fifty, pound five, fifty on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Yeah, I want to express my sympathy for them.
Dead people have died, you know, today yesterday or...
Well, you know, you know them dead people.
They're dead.
They're dead.
Those guys.
I'm pretty sorry.
But anyway, all I want...
I mean, with all this sincerity and a rattlesnake, come on Georgie.
Who are you kidding, baby?
And you see, I realized that that wasn't scripted.
But even the dumbest of advisors knew.
And they had the moment of science there in Jim Lauer put his head down, which...
And even the dumbest of the dumbest of the dumbest of the world,
they were going to be asked...
given a chance to make that comment before they started answering the first question.
As a matter of fact, if Jim Lauer would have wanted to be fair,
which he never was during the whole thing, he would have said,
I'm sure that both of you would like to make it opening remarketing in light of what's happened here in Missouri and as well.
You know, instead of taking up the time from Groz's first answer,
which was an important question,
but it took up 90% of his time, which is a sympathy speech.
And then Bush came back and said,
well, who was it that died or whatever the hell you said?
I'm like that, yeah.
Are they dead? Are they still dead?
And for you idiots out there that are always pushing the libertarian party
is being so different at a great alternative,
you're out of the closet, I'm going to show.
Calling our libertarians vote for Bush, it says, from the libertarians.
Peace is propaganda by Monty Dunn in a libertarian propaganda sheet.
So they want you to vote for a fucked ground,
whatever their candidate's name is, they want you to vote for Bush
because libertarians are a bunch of closet faces.
And I've always told you that.
They make a republicans vote for like a bunch of good time charles.
They make happy panels with like Mr. Rogers.
Oh god!
No, not that Mr. Rogers.
Henry Ford II at five, I don't know if those sneakers or those funny little sweaters.
Bad for my image.
Henry Ford II at five, 60 WQN.
The Neil Rogers show, Sports Radio, five, 60.
QA, Hamster, K, Ibi Alamzo, Morden.
The Lombo, the Lombo.
The Lombo.
The Lombo, he ain't being feeling blue.
I don't know.
I don't know.
There's a best he got the Ford II strategy.
That's they know that the Ford has just given their Earth
and he might be falling down.
Like they would fall in London town, they have a big booty.
They put me back in the house of the Ford.
They don't hold my phone.
I don't know.
No, no, no, no.
I lost it.
I lost it.
If you're alive now, take a test conference already in progress.
Hold it.
Hold it.
Hold it.
Hold it.
I don't know.
That's it.
I think it's going to be done for now.
Now, here be my doctor.
Ladies and gentlemen, I am Dr. Mafi Kaishi from Columbia, Yona,
and I'm here for the George, but I had a very good year today.
Thank you.
157.5.5.5.
So far the new, the third-pull today is a memorable run
until these are Calava in a Schmidt House.
Who has the worst conflection?
Many wonder where he goes.
One and guess what?
I'm going to go to the bathroom and get one.
I'm going to show you.
That's all we got.
I must have voted for one of those.
I'll let you guess which one.
Here's a mobile and four-bottomedale.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing, man?
Great.
Actually, I can add to your phone and I have another comment about the debate.
I'm surprisingly in favor of Randy Johnson.
The picture that was on the mirror and the...
Yeah, I never really thought about him.
He's kind of fitted in with security in other issues for a minor routine.
Yeah, exactly.
But I was watching the debate.
And then in the part of the debate, I can't believe I was born and didn't jump on.
When Bush mentioned that there was going to be a federal program for religious afterschool.
So, yeah, so we could have a debate.
That's that he said.
Oh, yeah, so quick.
I can't believe Gordon Jopper there.
Well, you see, this is the problem of the strategy.
The grower and his people are so terrified they'll offend the goody-touchers.
That's why they got Lieberman running around trying to out-goody-touchers to the Republicans,
which is a very bad mistake.
But what happened to the separation of church and state?
You have to ask the Orthodox Jews in Hollywood.
Well, you know this, but I'm watching.
