This is Fort Radio 560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale and WQAM.com for the world.
I am above the law!
Fort Radio 560 QAM presents the theft of Neil Rogers.
Neil is still on vacation so don't call in, okay?
Just wait back and enjoy it.
Well theft of Neil is on 560 QAM.
Oh Canada!
Our Wheelman groans to death by거든요 toll road.
My health and teeth when I kill in your blood.
You face Akbar.
Destroy Arz.'s Cookingiers as rendered to the sea.
The wind is the twilight's wind.
The twilight's wind is the twilight's wind.
The wind is the twilight's wind.
The wind is the twilight's wind.
The wind is the twilight's wind.
The wind is the twilight's wind.
The wind is the twilight's wind.
Peekaboo's street, my ass.
Does this tell you what's wrong with the world today?
In others, poor Canadians, men, those poor bastards,
so lost their gold medal because this gabriotti guy, the scoop ball,
tested positive for pot.
Now, pot stays in your system for like a month, three to four weeks.
Now, I think the whole thing is ridiculous at best because, certainly,
Merage Wini is not a performance enhancing drug by any stretch of the imagination.
No way, Jose, unless your contest is an eating contest, then you've got an edge.
Or a watching TV content.
But other than that, if anything, it would be a performance dulling.
So maybe three, four weeks this guy is so stupid that he smoked some weed back in Canada,
which of course is very commonplace to say the worst, extremely commonplace.
Like I got on Young Street and Church Street all over Toronto away,
and I'm sure in Vancouver, even in Moosejaw, wherever this guy is from.
He's probably from Whistler, BC, or someplace like that.
Oh, yeah.
He is from Kitchener and the Medicine Hat and Whistler, eh?
What a silly bunch of people.
I mean, love a Toronto, but what a silly bunch of people.
And they rate so, uh, he's so stupid.
You know, these guys practice their whole lives to do the silly crap and go over there
because it's such an honor and such a big deal.
And the smoking dope like three or four weeks before they go over there.
So on the one hand, naturally, it's stupid.
And just like now, there's an article in the Sunsettle, which hasn't learned about that yet.
I guess because they're sleeping.
But pot testing gains support for the NBA and some of the NBA biggest stars
favor mandatory testing of players from Erro Wanda, breaking ranks with the players union.
And it goes on about Chris Weber and Isaiah Ryder and this one and that one and the Peekaboo Street,
and it's sort of in so on.
Joe says that the guy says that he got it from second hand smoke at his going away party.
Second hand smoke.
Yeah, like it sounds like Bill Clinton now.
We're kind of like a second hand blowjob.
That's going to be the new excuse after the grand jury testimony.
It was second hand job.
Uh, job.
Oh, sorry.
Can't say that.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Uh, I'll guarantee it was more than a second hand job.
We'll let any rate.
I wanted it.
Hey, zero.
Jennifer Capriotti here.
And when I'm at the left and balls on the court, I'm getting stoned off my ass.
And I get my best hit off the Jennifer Capriotti status ball can bomb.
That's right.
It's the Jennifer Capriotti tennis ball can bomb.
Cups will never suspect his innocent looking cat.
Just empty the balls.
Screw on the ball.
Filling with water and you're set to destroy brain cells.
The Jennifer Capriotti way.
Oh, this is so smooth.
It's the bomb that sings it's a tennis ball can.
The tennis ball can that sings it's a bomb.
Proceeds benefit.
Jennifer Capriotti legal defense, but normal approved.
Okay, so that big goofy David Robinson, all star center of the San Antonio Express,
we should be tested.
We should all be tested.
It's an old brainer, meaning marriage, a winning.
And I said you, David Robinson, you're an asshole.
Okay, and a goody two shoes in the phony.
Why is it anybody's business?
Unless it affects somebody's performance, why is it anybody's business in any profession?
All this mandatory drug testing and all these different jobs now,
it's nothing more than a goddamn witch hunt and it's nobody's business
if you're smoking weed.
Wow, that's illegal.
So are a lot of positions in sex too, okay?
But that doesn't mean that it's anybody's goddamn business.
Oh, it's speaking of positions in sex.
I'm at mommy's house.
I'm going to have to start taking notes.
Every week she comes up with another classic.
Now she's decided that probably the president must be gay.
And I said, why would you say that with all these women that he's doing?
Oh, but he likes oral sex.
Forget notes, you need to rotate.
Oh my god, talk about out of touch with reality.
Talk about from a very distant generation of the long, long past.
And I try to explain to her, my all men like oral sex.
Ah, yeah.
And of course she just went on to her next topic.
Well, that explains why your dad's so serly.
You really want to give me started, don't you?
Even Monica Lewinsky wouldn't do that, okay?
For a lover of money, trust me when I tell you.
The thought is so grotesque.
The thought of that is so puked inducing that I can't even begin to tell you.
Oh my god.
So no wonder Mosh got an aversion to it.
I think he did make a good point a bit in reverse.
But at any rate, yeah, the president's a faggot, okay?
Because he likes oral sex.
So that goes back to the survey we took last week,
which most of you lied about, by the way.
But there you are.
Mosh thinks the president's a faggot because he likes the oral is moral.
But at any rate, getting back to this weed business,
it's nobody's goddamn business.
And unless it affects your performance at the orifice,
on the playing field, if it's some stupid goddamn sport,
in the snowboard, whatever the hell this guy is riding over there,
this poor Canadian bastard, this capriotic gabriotic,
whatever this guy's name is, he ain't no peekable street.
I'll say to that.
They got to listen.
They got a curler, a woman curler, from Canada.
Her name is Sanders Schmurler.
I swear to God.
We laughed so hard last night.
I thought I was going to pee in my pants.
What I heard on the CVC, they were talking about Sanders Schmurler,
the woman curler, and she's from Whistler Beach.
See, or some goddamn place.
Oh my god.
Oh.
And you people are taking this seriously?
Any of you?
Oh man.
Sanders Schmurler, the lady curler, from Whistler Beach.
But she ain't got nothing on peekaboo street.
I'll tell you that.
Who is almost as good as I be hip, or whatever that cool name was,
that basketball player from Maryland, or Virginia,
who have any hell you played for?
Nobody cares about whether jocks or anybody else is smoking weed
because all this audience is.
And they're second-tiered to be in drug tested,
like this is some kind of a, like a police state.
Oh, it is?
Sorry.
I'm telling you that for years, it's a goddamn police state.
They're going to give you a drug test because you're going to work in Walgreens or something.
They're going to give you a drug test to be sitting behind a desk somewhere
because you're the executive vice president of a bank that's got like 75 customers
in the Pocketsie, New York.
They're going to give you a drug test based on what?
That's like the frickin' ward police.
We got up there at the FCC that the Congress gets together,
Jesse Helms and all these other Nazis,
and they get together with these old, prudish farts,
and they just make up a list.
Well, you can't say this.
Yeah, based on what?
Well, we said so.
Oh, that's great.
That sounds like the American way to me.
That sounds exactly like what the founding fathers had in mind.
Founding fathers who the hell were they?
And what's their score in the Olympics?
They grew hemp.
The founding fathers.
Yeah, they were smoking the rope is what they were doing,
and they were also doing the slaves, the slave women.
But we don't want to talk about that because that'd be bad.
Let's go secondhand.
We've heard of the dangers of secondhand cigarette smoke.
Now we got the dangers of secondhand marriage-ewini smoke.
But it gets you disqualified and lose your metal, baby,
and they'll stick your ass out there on Pekaboo Street.
Here's a mobile and four-letter deal.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
First thing, I think X-ray hit did play for Maryland.
I think so, but who cares?
Yeah, who cares?
Ah, about the drug testing thing?
Yeah.
Where do you draw the line?
You say it's okay that they smoke marijuana, and they...
That's why I draw the line.
Where a whammy is not a...
It doesn't affect somebody's performance.
It doesn't enhance their performance,
and people are like, I just said a minute ago,
aren't going to go around stealing money and robbing banks
and the 7-Eleven's and gas stations
to get money to support a marijuana habit.
It's ridiculous.
So that's your reasoning for not testing it because of why they...
What is your reason that you should test for marijuana?
Well, I'm not saying that they really should.
I'm just saying that if they're going to test for one, they should test for all.
I don't think they should draw one.
How long do they think they're going to get on?
How long do they test for nicotine to see if they're smoke and cigarettes?
The cigarettes aren't illegal.
What difference does it make whether it's legal or illegal?
Like I said before, in the state of Florida,
any sex other than missionary position,
a man and woman is illegal.
So should we arrest everybody?
Or should we really go into people's bedrooms
and find out if anybody's doing it in the wrong position?
No, I don't agree with that.
So what difference does it make if we have a lot of archaic stupid laws?
Who's business is it?
If it doesn't affect anything or change anything,
what difference does it make?
Well, then it looks like the problem is actually with the law
and not that they're testing for marijuana.
I mean, I agree.
I think that they should test for marijuana there
and I think that they should test for marijuana in the NBA.
Based on what?
Based on what?
Because I think that the Jocks get away with as much crap as they possibly get away with too much.
So in other words, it's only Jock's smoke marijuana.
Is that what you're saying, sir?
No, but that's what we're talking about here is where the testing is done.
You brought up that they're testing in the NBA.
They test in all, look,
if you know as well as I do that,
if you go and apply for a job in a lot of companies in this country,
not just sports in any kind of endeavor, government job,
they have random drug testing.
You know that, I hope.
And based on what?
What is it there business if you're smoking pot?
I don't know, maybe they're afraid of your job performance, maybe?
I'm not really sure.
I can't really tell you why they do it.
I understand that if they're going to test for marijuana,
how is that going to affect your job performance?
Well, they don't.
What?
You mean if you smoke marijuana the night before?
Yeah, exactly.
Listen, I'm not giving you an answer for why they do it.
I said that.
No, no, but we're having a discussion.
I'm not asking you to justify it, but how is the smoking weed
going to affect your job performance?
Nothing.
It will.
I don't think so.
So what's the point?
Well, like I said, I think it's because they're going to test for one.
They're going to test for all.
I don't think that if you say, okay, wait, hey, it's okay if you go in smoke marijuana.
We're going to test you out for cocaine.
Son, I don't think you don't see a difference between heart drugs and marijuana.
You don't see it.
Okay, get another phone, sir, and call me back.
I'd be delighted to know what the beta will be of your phone blows.
This guy doesn't see a difference between cocaine, which is a highly addictive substance,
which affects people's personality and behavior, and in many cases causes them to become dangerous.
That is correct.
Trust me when I tell you, I have known people who become totally changed.
Personality change are untrustworthy.
Those people, most of you don't want working for you if they're really addicted to cocaine.
If they have a serious crack problem or any other kind of a coke problem or heroin.
No portion of this drug gets maybe reproduced without being expressed written permission of WQAM
deeply-weeds acquisition courts.
Good-bye, Chris Farley.
You great big fatty.
Always acting like a great big fat dumb retard in every film you've ever made.
Too bad for David Spade.
His career could fade cause.
Ollie has left his fat label TV show.
He won't be making bloody movies no more.
And you want it to be just like John Belucci and have John Pantheist truth.
You finally made it.
But we're not too careful what you wish.
You gave us lots of laughter on Saturday night.
But you were way too young to die to commit fat men suicide.
Good-bye, Chris Farley.
What did you eat to?
Blow up like a big balloon eating like a fool that would only bring you certainty.
The farmers are upset.
And all you left was some cable movies and a few hairs of your pants
that will still to make community food.
And you wanted to be just like John Belucci and have John Pantheist truth.
You finally made it.
But we're not too careful what you wish.
Your head should hold a piano that fits me wide.
Now you reach the pizza in the sky.
You got so fat you die.
Chris Farley, the night they had some broth on their one of the tabloids shows last night.
The night before he croaked.
How much heroin?
And coke and fish food and whatever else he was doing all together.
And vodka on top of it.
Just to make sure you could wash it down.
You got to wash it down with some good vodka.
That's right.
That's what Boris said.
Bad enough.
It wasn't bad enough that he was doing a heroin but he was doing coke too.
So he's dead Chris Farley, there you go.
But I mean this guy comparing, I mean, oh yeah, they're getting away with enough is it?
Who cares about that?
Why don't we get all upset if they're beating up their wife or their girlfriend?
Why don't we get upset about that?
How come nobody gave a crap at the Jimmy Johnson sign up Lauren Phillips who's nothing but a god damn gangster?
How come nobody cared about that?
But we're concerned if he passes a drug test or not.
That really concerns me whether he's smoking marijuana, not whether he's going to be beaten women up all over the place.
What kind of mentality we be talking about in this country, man?
We're talking about people to just, they can't sit down and look at this thing rationally because most of them are emotional cripples.
Emotional cripples.
And this crap about the NBA is going to do pot testing.
David Robinson says, oh yeah, we should also object to what it's a no-brainer.
The NBA is a no-brainer.
Okay, it's for a bunch of illiterate freaks is what it is, David Robinson.
You ask, whole.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
A meal.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Okay.
We sound pit-daw.
Go ahead, sir.
I'm listening.
Okay.
Well, anyway, on the second hand smoke with the marijuana, I have a friend who basically kidnapped smoke because of the government watching over him.
Yeah.
And he enjoys burning every couple of times.
So when he went to get mandatory, you know, pissed us and he came back positive.
He told his probation officer, he's like, oh no, I was in a room with a bunch of people smoking.
And the probation officer gave him a bunch of like evidence.
I got a great bit for both of Brian by the way, the two in the second hand rose.
Second hand smoke, but anyway.
Go ahead.
Anyway, he says that the probation officer gave him a bunch of evidence about how much second hand smoke you had to be exposed to for you to come back positive for even a municipal amount.
You had to be in a room that was clogged up for a couple of hours, you know, constantly breathing it.
Yeah.
And I mean, if you smoke pot in the bath at any point, if you like to smoke that stuff and you're in a room and they've been smoking it for two hours, you're going to tell me you're not going to take a hit or whatever.
And I mean, snowboarders.
So let me ask you something.
No, wait a minute.
Oh, I want to hear this about snowboarding.
What's here this?
Oh, I need snowboarding in the Olympics.
Who is not going to think that these snowboarders are not pot addicts?
I mean, I think all these guys are a bunch of hot addicts.
Pot addicts.
Oh, yeah.
I mean, they are the biggest burnouts.
All the surfers I knew in high school.
Yeah, surfers and snowboarders.
There you go.
I love your logic, man.
This is great.
I mean, it's true.
You'll follow the bouncing dots.
Here we go from A to Z to T to FU.
Okay, great job, pal.
Excellent.
That could have been the greatest call in history.
Oh, man.
Those chronic pot heads, man, those snowboarders.
I wonder about Sandrish Mourler, the Curler.
I wonder what she's doing.
She's probably got her hair up in Curler's that bitch.
Oh, and Sweden, by the way, one of women's curling mites against Canada.
Oh, my God.
The Canadians, like 95% of all curlers in the world are Canadians,
and they already lost one match between that and maybe losing this gold medal.
They may never come out of hiding.
They may like start doing like the Eskimos and build igles and go inside and never come out.
Come out, oot.
Here's a mobile lady in Hollywood.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
Good morning.
I've, this is the first time I'm calling you.
However, I listen to you for years and I do admire many of the things that you say.
However, I take issue a little bit this morning with the pot testing with regard to your employment.
There are some situations where it is very dangerous to smoke pot, particularly if you like to drink beer,
lunch or even have a drink at lunch and you mix it with the pot.
There are things you can do that you normally wouldn't do.
Like what?
Well, for example, I know of a personal experience because it happened to be an insurance agent
and we have a very serious situation that occurred in one of our insured business operations
where the man did that just that at lunch time.
Came back and in a job that he had been working on for ten years, stuck his hand in the mixing bat and cut it off.
All right.
Excellent. Well, I just see Jim.
I guess he won't be doing that again.
No, I guess he won't.
So what's the problem?
Well, the problem here is that drug testing on the job is in many cases very important.
And so if you smoke pot, you shouldn't be doing it while you're working.
I mean, maybe if you're working in a job that's not...
Well, wait a minute.
You said you shouldn't be doing it while you're working, but if it stays in your system for like up to a month,
then how do you know when you're doing it?
Well, I think...
Suppose you smoke it recreationally on a weekend at home, not when you're on a job.
Well, I don't know very much about how long it stays in your system.
Well, I just got to telling you up to a month.
Well, that would be good to say that.
What about your testing after lunch?
Yeah, that's right.
How about booze testing after lunch?
Well, let me tell you something.
And those kind of...
How about we'll breathalyze your test after lunch?
Well, I don't...
I mean, where do we stop this insanity is what I say.
Well, actually, I really do believe that we have become insane with testing,
except that in the case of drugs, it is a very important thing in some situations.
I'm not saying that we should be testing everybody for everything,
because we're losing totally our rights in this country.
We don't have any rights in this country.
We have a right to be oppressed by a fascist police state is what we have.
If you don't have any rights, this is where the free country is at joke.
Hey, listen, we still have the right to talk to you about these things,
which makes it a right.
Yeah.
Unfortunately, we're limited as to what we can say.
But you've still got to watch your language,
or the word police are going to come down and take you away.
Oh, that's something else again.
I don't agree with that either.
I think if you want to say foul things, you can say them,
and that shouldn't be oppressed by anybody,
and whether it's on the radio or TV or wherever.
But the point is that I don't know whether you agree to this completely,
maybe impartially, you would agree that there are certain situations
where drug testing, whether it be marijuana or heroin or whatever,
isn't important.
I would say if you're working in a candy store,
then they definitely should be a blue drug testing.
You don't want to be in any kind of a restaurant.
They don't want you in any kind of office, right?
Don't want to chop.
That would be a good one.
Have a great day, sweetheart.
We have an open line in date.
Five, six, seven, five, six, six,
$60, and pound five, six, six, eight.
Because God forbid if you smoked weed like two weekends ago
and you had a beer for lunch today,
we know that you are a danger to society.
God forbid pizza chef or delivery boy.
Definitely.
Yeah, that's right.
Chinese food delivery guy, Dom Dalloway's.
He would never, and he didn't even have to smoke weed.
How do you like that?
And he still had the munchies.
He was a hungry boy. He was just a big chubby hungry guy. That's all. And he ate all
$40 worth of Chinese food on the way back to the house.
Can you imagine if they tested radio management for alcohol after lunch?
Oh yeah. Okay, I went up there right now.
Oh my God. How about brain testing for management? That sounds good to me.
Of course, where there's no sense, there's no feeling. Here's North Miami. Hello.
Hello. Yes, sir.
Yeah, you doing Neil? Great.
I have a question.
Yes. Have two questions and then I want to say something about the far.
How come you can't get ice cream like Italy here because I ate a lot of pistachio.
I don't eat a lot of ice cream but man, I used to eat it every day in Italy.
pistachio ice cream and it's...
Jolato sir, Jolato is not ice cream. It's Jolato. It's made with...
It doesn't have all that cream and it's not all that chalk and artificial crap.
It's made from all natural stuff and they don't make it here.
You know, once in a while a place will come along and try to make good Jolato.
And even if it is good, the public's tastier or so bad because they're busy eating
buyers and seal fest and eat ease that those places go out of business.
Man, I used to... I mean, I don't... I'm not an ice creamer but I was eating it every day, twice a day.
Yeah.
Every little shop had it.
Well, when I go to Italy, I eat it a lot and I scream too.
Hey.
And I have a question for George.
You guys used to have this commercial called Field Extreme Watches. Was it his voice on it?
Yes.
Oh, I thought.
Yeah, he apologizes profusely for it, too.
And about... Let me ask your question.
This guy would have been from Amsterdam where it's legal to smoke pot.
What were they going to say to the guy?
Well, you know, it's interesting because I've married that now.
That is a good point.
Merrill Wanda, they were just saying on CNN that Merrill Wanda is not among the substances listed at the Olympics as being illegal,
but that it reverts back to the country and the laws there.
So if it were one of the Dutch players in like a soccer player, of course, then I'd play no soccer in the Winter Olympics.
But whatever the Dutch competitors are, ice skater, then it would not be a problem.
How do you like that?
Canada says that's blatantly unfair and a bunch of crap and they're requiring foul.
Hey.
Oh, boy.
That's not... I don't think that's very fair.
How do you like that?
How do you like them, Green Apple, huh?
Those Green Apple, I don't...
Do I say that this guy, this Graziano or Greg Gabriotti, I say he should move to Amsterdam would be a good idea.
Hey, there you go.
At least he'd have a good time.
And as far as drug testing in the workplace.
Yes.
Tole can figure out...
Tole can drug test you at the moment and know how much you've had at that particular moment.
I think they should just band it all together because there's no way that you're going to tell me what I have to do in my house.
In my car, or what I do at any time, then I'm not at work because I only work for them for eight hours.
Not the rest of my day, so that's the bottom line we got.
Next thing they're going to be doing a fish food testing.
Hey, there you go.
Yeah, why don't we just survey, let's see, let's see your flat.
I want you to visit see how much food you've been eating.
Right, exactly.
Yeah, I mean, what do you draw the line?
You know what I mean?
Let me check.
Let me get a cute tip and check this woman's mouth.
Maybe she's been giving moral sex to somebody in the parking lot.
Oh, well, now you're talking.
Okay, have a rate they feel.
How you do?
Okay. Sounds like a job he wants.
I've been doing it one time.
About 15 years old.
You're missing through the best of Neil Roger on 560 QAAB.
So anyway, let's do a mobile and West Palm Beach.
Neil, can't disagree with you more about the potsmobile.
Okay, I'm an ex-pot addict from the age of 15 to 25.
Yeah, I'm telling you, it was more victim than Coke than any other company.
We had to smile.
And more victim than fish food too, I bet.
Correct.
Two or two things in his pants in the room.
Better take a sample, by the way.
Before we got 38 now, I stopped 13 years ago.
But before we played baseball, we smoked, before we went to the movies to smoke.
Before we had sex, we smoked.
Before anything, we need a pot.
We couldn't do it without pot.
Yeah.
And a lot of my friends are still a lot more.
Let me ask you this, as much as I found upon people who are obsessed with pot,
because there are people who are juvenile and sit around sifting and picking seeds all day,
and they think that's a life, but nevertheless, we can't do that.
Wait, wait a minute.
We have to do that.
We have to do that.
We have to do that.
We have to do that.
We have to do that.
We have to do that.
We have to do that.
How did it affect your life?
It affected it tremendously, because it opened the door to, and you're going to think this is a joke.
It opened the door to Coke.
It opened the door to the game.
Once you violate your body, you're going to have to have a beer.
Because next thing you're going to be drinking.
I never liked beer, but I'm telling you, it affected me in the workplace.
It affected me driving.
I had a lot of that.
No, but the argument that it's the same argument as you better never have a beer,
because then you're going to become an alcoholic, and you're going to start drinking,
you know, sticking vodka bottles in your pocket.
I mean, there are always going to be people no matter what you're talking about.
They're the alcohol stains of the world.
They're going to go out and eat until they get to be 500 pounds.
Does that mean we should outlaw any foods that are faddening?
No, no, but I, you know why I've changed?
I have two kids of my own now, and they're 14 and 11, and they're getting to that age
where I remember when I was...
Well, let's say you better stop.
Yeah.
No, no, no, no, I've stopped a long time ago, but I'm saying now I'm overprotective.
Oh, he's always the bring-in-er's home.
My parents were like, Georgia, they were refugees from Cuba, they came down here.
Yeah, well, no, humans don't smoke.
They didn't know that.
They didn't know any better.
They were working for four-keles a day.
I was alone at home, and all my friends did, and we did, and I'm telling you, I've never been to them.
They didn't know any better.
I couldn't disagree with you more.
I'm just testing for it, and I hope they keep it out of everything, because it's just like my whole year.
You know something, I know that when I grow over to Holland, man, every time I've only been an Amsterdam about 30 times,
I'm going to go over there, it's a miracle that that country can function, you know what?
Well, let me tell you something.
Well, we were on it, we were less aggressive.
Sure, let me ask you, have you ever been to Amsterdam?
Never been to Amsterdam.
Well, get on a plane to go there, you might learn something.
There's a pot added for you there, boys and girls, there's a good lesson for everybody.
He's obsessed.
So, like the fish food addicts, I say we go to publics right now, and we may enforce them to take a wet out of the freezer container,
because we have fish food addicts already, and those people are going to kill themselves on that crack, because they're out of control.
And let's close down every bar, because we got alcoholics.
Let's bring back prohibition, baby.
Let's prohibit everything.
Then we got sex addicts.
Just watch, what's it then, Jerry Springer?
He'll do about 20 shows on that this week.
Sex addicts.
People who can't get enough, they're doing it.
The NBA they want to do drug testing.
We got a guy, a Canadian, a jock.
If a snowboarder can wear a jock strap, whatever the hell he was, this guy may lose his gold medal, because he may have actually inhaled a little bit,
or may have actually smoked a little bit, or may have actually walked through a room somewhere where somebody may have smoked it,
or not as the case may be, and they found like a little trace.
And is the...
Squirt, squirt.
Yeah. And they're having a nervous breakdown now, because they're, you know, suit a fit.
What else?
What else can we test for in your system?
Definitely have fish food testing, because we know it makes your blood sugar go way up, and you become irresponsible,
and got only nose, you're going to, you're not fit for driving.
I wouldn't be surprised if they stopped you at street corners now at stoplights, and they do, on the spot checks, blood sugar test.
You know, they give you that little pin prick, if I can say that.
And, yeah, look at my fingertips, man, look at all those pin pricks.
That's right, when you're diabetic, you have a lot of pin pricks on the tips of your fingers.
But at any rate, yeah, they're going to be starting to do that spot checks on street corners now.
And if your blood sugar is like over 250, you're like, you're straight to jail.
You're a minister's society, you're going to kill somebody out there, airline pilot, before you get on that plane, make sure he didn't have no fish food before he took off.
Here's the Fort Lauderdale.
Hello there.
Yes, sir.
For some color, I guess I'd be in the cute color, since I'm not chronic.
Okay.
But, anyway, I can show myself a well-trained, high precision cynic, so I agree with a lot of the things that you talk about.
But, in the United States, of course, what we all have really is the right to be as irresponsible as we want to be, until you reach a certain limit.
And we have these freedoms, and people sort of they abuse them until it starts costing somebody some money somewhere, and then they've got to go and do something about taking that freedom away.
But, what does that mean? When has marijuana ever been decriminalized in America?
Well, I mean, it hasn't. But the reasons for that, for example.
I mean, they tried prohibition with boo's, and that sure worked real well, didn't it?
No, and everybody. It's a powerful deal.
Works with locality, real well.
If we can't expect our people to be responsible with the freedoms that they have, like we have a small business, and we've got, you know,
we do contracting and that sort of thing, and you've got guys, they're not exactly the top-model society, but they go out and they're doing physical labor for you, and they're climbing roof tops and things like that.
And we've had cases in the past where people were on data-coincidences and they get to act it.
And then the customer...
Well, if you're live before, I can understand.
Yeah, and you're talking about us.
And then not only that, but the employee who's you too, even though she was the one who was irresponsible on the job.
So what do you do about that?
Well, in that case, that's an exception. I wouldn't have any problem with that.
I can see in the NBA where, if a guy is stone, he's not going to injure somebody out on the court if anything, he'll take fewer shots.
And you probably wouldn't beat up the coach.
Well, a good point.
But the thing is, we have something that we do at work here.
Not that it works, but it's an attempt anyway.
That's called a drug free workplace.
And you start off your relationship with the business under the assumption that, you know, you're not going to...
This isn't going to be something you're going to be doing on the job.
So we're allowed to drug test before you start the job and that sort of thing.
And what's sad about this is it's amazing how many people who call up looking for a job.
And you say, oh, but by the way, this is a drug free workplace.
How many people show up fill out the forms and then just never appear again.
But isn't that their choice? You just got to get it done.
But the thing is, if a business is going to be responsible for what its employees do, then we have to know,
we have to feel safe and secure that they're not going to be out drinking.
No, I would agree with that. I think that you have a right because you're liable.
And you have a right to make sure that they're not doing whatever might impair their senses, et cetera.
But that's a very rare exception.
If somebody's doing an office job at a desk, unless, of course, they're making decisions, decisions that are like national security,
risking something like that, I can understand that.
Or for radio equipment or something like that.
Exactly. And I think it might help to have some drugs for these bastards over here.
But the thing is, once again, as a society, if the people aren't going to be responsible enough to be able to decide when they are going to use the substances,
you can't expect anything.
But you know something?
You can't expect anything to be involved.
But let me say something to you.
And that is that as long as things are forbidden, when you go to Europe, there is no drinking age in any country that I know of in Europe.
And yet, Italy, especially, public drunkenness is found upon a certain extent that they would come and beat the crap out of you
if they found you staggering around drunk on the street.
It would take you under cover somewhere and give you a lecture and sober you up until you better not never do it again.
And you don't have any problem of young people staggering around drunk or killing each other because they're drinking and driving.
You don't have that.
Now the French have it because they got a bunch of drunks over there to begin with.
But I'm talking about countries where they're generally socially responsible in the first place, like Italy and like Holland and those.
You don't have that problem.
There's no drinking age.
There's no smoking age.
There's no smoking age.
There's no smoking age.
There's no smoking age.
There's no smoking age.
There's no smoking age.
There's no smoking age.
There's no smoking age.
There's no smoking age.
I don't know if you can use this as a card but I want to do a celebrity impersonation for you.
Why do I have two?
Why do I have two?
Why do I have two?
Okay.
See, now that wasn't bad.
Georgia was almost cute.
It wasn't a very good, the consensus is let's see.
Mike from the key says it's too expensive.
That's his, wow, that's his opinion.
He likes it a little weird now and he said too bad expensive.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes sir.
What's up Neil?
I love your show.
Thank you so much.
I love your show.
I love your show.
I love your show.
I love your show.
I love your show.
I love your show.
I love your show.
I love your show.
I love your show.
I love your show.
I love your show.
I really liked your show.
I really liked your show.
You looked good today.
You're havingAssolutely in 2021.
Well when if you did some music and tried broken seats I did some things and I could online
I Rocky откarthner.
That's my 8th single.
I'm a good guy like him.
Everybody like Garcia Vega.
Thank you.
Wow, that's nice guy.
I'm so happy.
I'm sure you're crazy.
Such a pleasure.
the uh... the galantes you never had the english corona
all i don't the test those english ones
all you have the english carol is a fabulous especially be rolling your
total
okay
uh... but thank roniel
okay everything
let's go to uh... my me hello
deal yes sir
hey as a guy great
well listen uh... you know a couple bad things unfortunately marijuana is classified
as a schedule one drug which means it's right up there with cocaine heroin
methamphetamine and uh... uh...
gerry springer is perhaps the worst drugs of all mankind
uh... uh... and fish food
and fish food
but uh... you know i i i this is just a word for that guy who was that guy
kidding when he we there was a guy called in he said
i run a workplace and i tell people that i drug test but i don't really
drug test and then that's just
sort of we'd out the people in mind the point
it would be out the people that really
don't want to
that's not what he said what was it was i missed that whole thing about
he said that he drug tested no he's not a drug test and he said that a lot of
people combine a lot of the application when they find out it's a drug free
workplace that they don't hear from again
is what he said
alright well i think he's a fascist because you know he's basically just got a
bunch of people that we're doing like the hard work or something you know
they're going up on rules and the things and he's responsible he's got the
liability insurance for that i can understand that
i don't know man i mean if you're you know i don't look if you're going on any
substance i don't care what is uh... i don't want to be responsible for your uh...
work or driving or whatever else you're doing
you know the thing is that
they might not be up on the roof and be stoned at the same time they might go home
watch your springer and then be stoned and then go back to work and be perfectly
straight and still feel that miserable test
okay i think it shows on now what that was the point
i want to wait a while long enough to find out here's a lady in my any hello
hello you yes ma'am
hi how are you great how you be doing i'd be doing fine
i just wanted to make a comment about the pocket that called earlier that the
small for ten years yeah
you said that the marijuana made him try other drugs
i think that he's been betrayed as
everyone else has been betrayed all the other people in this country because
they tell you that marijuana be bad for you
and it's evil and all this stuff
and then when you try it and it's not that bad
you say well they like about this well maybe they like about everything
of two
and
he was just a different
man
this board guy's going to go back to canada with his uh... metal between his legs
never be the same again
because they found this little teeny tiny trace of marriage wini in his uh... test
yes
we are getting a plane
go to Italy and come up with a lot
all right
the purpose over there he's doing it if it's okay for the pro pocket so that
but you think that big puffer over the vatican is that's not the what you
think it is
that's the celebratory uh... smoke yeah this is a celebrated all right
why do you think they keep learning incense covered up
that's why they do a lot of things that's why they put those gowns on the
cover up that's why there were no skills in scottland baby cover it up
you're listening to the best of real Roger
on five-fixing
you
a
when the first time
here's for waterdale hello
i've never listened to your show for but i i was interested in your deez on
why why it's illegal in the first place
and they mean it is a lot of the
sure because this is a repressive society in which we live let me say it
again these are kxotomy laws that are in the book in most days in this country
in which all anything except a face-to-face missionary position
sex between married male and female what you're laughing about it up a
cocaine
but i truly thought he was on a book because this is a country of
hypocrites
a country that's living in the stone age because we got a bunch of all
funny that he's up there who don't have the balls to repeal his archaic
stupid intrusive laws that have no place in the civilized society
male on the same
whatever
there'll be the national debt if they were to
practicing and and
grown up
the last twenty years
let me say this to you sir the idea that the federal government listen to this
the federal government can tell you what's seen you can plant in the back yard
of your home on your property
the idea that the government can legislate that is so outrageous and so
unacceptable as to be uh... in this inexplicable
agree
can argue with that one that
uh... they'll always helicopter waste in time because people are growing a
few plants in their back and the meantime up the corner kids are shooting
themselves because daddy left his six his six year later around and everybody
in their brother in this country's running around with a god damn gun but god
forbid if somebody's grown a few uh... plants in the backyard
we got the helicopter is going overhead baby we're gonna catch you the other
pot police are there
you maniacs
just like in a
what would have been a little bit
local section this morning
here we go business man or sex per-hair police this author van morque
uh... cook and whatever is the most urgent jerkin
ran a six million dollar prostitution ring how do you like that
in four-later day
yet fifty women under pay roller names neatly lined up on a magnetic board under
heading such as bronze varnette's and over the animals the clients more than
twenty thousand men
between west palm beach in north Miami you pay a hundred eighty bucks and cash
or two hundred by credit card for acts that range from straight sex to unusual
fetishes
who the hell gives a crap
probably ran a clean operation probably not too many people get no diseases
from that operation probably had an on the up and up he's got a jail
everything in his god damn country's illegal man everything is uh... the forbidden
fruit if we can say on the court that's all forget that
talk about a fruit
forget about that everything's illegal
everything's a moral unless of course it's the politicians who are doing it
like that role where he's doing it over there
and like uh... bill clinton of course he's uh... doing it the left and right
in which we like a lot more respect because he's getting that that's okay
but if we're getting at the course it's evil and we all go to go to jail
chuvan al and on acceptable on acceptable
your brainwash baby when you're gonna go just wake up and sniff it a little bit
in the flowers to brainwashing
goody to choose we have to have a drinking age and we have to have a we have
to have an age for everything
a smoking age
in other words when you're twenty one it's okay to get yourself lung cancer
but if you're nineteen and that they're not old enough to make that decision
just like that this crap about the age of majority every you know most
countries were just as a matter of opinion most countries even some of the
we consider very backward
uh... the legal age for his consensual sexual acts is fifteen or sixteen
in this country is what seventeen for heterosexual act in eighteen for
yes you're there's a different age
for heterosexual homosexual acts of course
was it eighteen for both
there's all these gray areas depending on which state your identity
gay areas i said what's what's well we'll find out
what state your own lives in the prognor
but the
fit if you're more than two years older you can be sixteen as long as the
person is more than two years older and over eight well as an added
credit on the other way to the
guys bang the sixteen you will check his violation laws that we're saying to me
something like that isn't that ridiculous yeah isn't that absurd
here's a fourth one of the whole
videoЛ
regress back to a happy soukis
that
has
has another thing limited fine
cat doesn't have presque subscribe
right on the application
Brexit drug stand
ahead hope
shall
ciudades back
What we certainly know nothing about drugs. There's your kind of boss George. I thought we had that. Oh, yeah
He wouldn't know what to do with him. As in
The
Who's that?
He's got me off going down you at one
I feel like crap. That's not the 45, but he's doing 22
Give it on crap. So watch out for all because I'm coming after you
I'm gonna
Yeah, I'm going to run you down
Yeah
I thousand frog big me no
Waiters no there's no
And the problem
Why be fixed when theenda crept comes we can reading
I can't hear you, I can't hear you, I can't hear you, I can't hear you, I can't hear you, I can't hear you, I can't hear you, I can't hear you, I can't hear you, I can't hear you, I can't hear you, I can't hear you, I can't hear you, I can't hear you, I can't hear you, I can't hear you, I can't hear you, I can't hear you, I can't hear you, I can't hear you, I can't hear you, I can't hear you, I can't hear you, I can't hear you, I can't hear you, I can't hear you, I can't hear you, I can't hear you, I can't hear you, I can't hear you, I can't hear you, I can't hear you, I can't hear you, I can't hear you, I can't hear you, I can't hear you, I can't hear you, I
can't hear you, the band is moving out, I can't hear you, I can't hear you, I can't hear you, I can't hear
stuck in the river to call man talk about packed with glam with bad taste
although I do like some of that candy the peanut brittle's okay
I've had a nut rule yeah when it slipped out of my hand
didn't roll too far though here's a coconut grove hello
there's no fact in Columbus yeah that's what I hear
yeah Neil do you remember a couple years ago maybe one or two
a guy was driving down I 75 it was depressed wanted to commit suicide and he
jumped into his pick up truck with a six pack
better driving down I 75 the wrong way right I remember that yeah sure
stuff like that it makes me think I don't understand why alcohol is legal in my
one is not right I'm a smoker good point real quick how much we would
have to spoke for the same effect think about it now what I would have taken real
quick me I heard a song about tongues a religious tongue speaking in tongues and I
kind of gave me a flashback yeah my mom that we used to be a penicostle and I grew
up and I mean I remember seeing my grandmother my my mom and just like talking in
tongues and dropping on the floor and I would just sit there and giggle you know
made no sense to me whatsoever anyway real quick Neil it's not to give me the
he be jeez is just thank you a song once it was for the panthers no set
to and I got another one please let me sing it okay go ahead okay I'm Chris
Weber I'm Chris Weber God arrest before a bag of red hair I'm the ghetto dream to
play be bar without a drug screen I'm Chris Weber I'm Chris Weber
call time out when I got sprayed with pepper burn my eyes that's mean how
bad a couple drops of my theme I'm James Brown I'm James Brown Neil yeah
yeah in close to the fact in the church here's my name spring hello yeah hi I
was calling because I heard the guy talking about the fact that it was legal
and it was legal but you know I don't I don't smoke marijuana I haven't done
since college days but but the thing is I'm a firm believer that as long as
it doesn't kill you you know harming a beddie else go ahead and do well let me
ask you let me ask you this can you go into a drugstore right now and buy rat
poison yes yes you can yes and that will kill you and you know it's got
warning labels on the on the can or whatever you're buying it and then you can
go you can go into any story go into a supermarket you go into drugstore and
bi illegally all kinds of substances that will kill you you can go into home
people and buy paint thinner and if you drink it it will kill you I guarantee
that make no mistake about it so the idea that something may or may not be harmful
for you which is all very subjective by the way and a lot of it very dubious and
debatable but since when is that the guy the only job that I see the
government is to tell us you know give us the information tell us can this be
harmful to me how harmful is it and then let me make my own guide then the
decision well that's what I'm saying you know the thing is that the only reason
it was made illegal it is because it's relatively easy to grow and difficult
to tax yeah and by the lobby the lobbying of both alcohol and cigarettes which
it's not well alcohol is relatively easy but but the question of cigarettes
growing it drying it out and actually making cigarettes on your own most people
aren't going to do whereas anybody could like grow plant in a backyard and they
just simply take a few leaves let them dry out in the oven and then smoke it
and apparently that's what what they don't want and it would be a lot of
competition for those to other industries oh my god whereas in in tobacco
that's that's proving beyond a shadow of doubt that's killing people every
day so people puff it on faggots right now who are gonna cook from lung cancer
and emphacina and we've warned them and we've warned them and we've had all those
craggy voice guys the guy that used to play Hamilton burger on perimation what
that was the only thing I'm talking about I'm dying from lung cancer and John Wayne
and all these other big macho guys that are croquette and if you you know they
tell you that and you still want to smoke then go ahead be my guest and enclosed
just don't blow up my face that's what the Monica said they're popping on
cigarettes too exactly have a great day all right all right what are we getting
all worked up about I just because we realize we live in a country where our
freedoms are very limited we have a bunch of we have a bunch of asshole sitting
around deciding what you can do and what you can't do and telling you what's
good for you and what's not and then we have some idiots who go along with
that who want to be manipulated well if you want to be manipulated okay go to
some fascist god damn place go to some communist country go to Cuba for
crusades go live with Adele they'll tell you what you can do and what you can't
do go live with the Pope you'll have one hell of a time there man go live in a
Vatican under the watchful eye of the Cardinals man I don't mean Stan
Musiel you won't be able to do anything that's fun because they're busy doing
taking it all up themselves
you're listening to the best of Neil Rogers on 560 WAM Miami Fort Lauderdale
we're the bomb or radio 560 QAM
let's go
let's go
let's go
let's go
let's go
let's go
let's go
let's go
let's go
let's go
let's go
everybody's so loud
what
Then
is
right
He's out in the air.
He's advocating marijuana.
You know I'm not.
I'm not advocating anything other than maybe a little bit of freedom.
Okay.
And maybe getting the government out of your nose and out of your ass tray and doing important
things.
So that people could walk the street safely and maybe that the food that you eat might
be safe for you to eat and things like that.
Little minor things that they ought to be taking care of instead of doing things that
we don't want them to do for us.
There.
Let me help you across the street.
It's that old deal again.
Oh, I don't want to cross the street.
Well, I'm going to drag you over there anyway whether you want to go or not.
Thank you.
You know, when I left here yesterday I went home and I drove out of the thing and there
was a metro cop who made a U-turn on the side street and then he pulled up right alongside
me at the light at the red light.
And I looked at him and he kind of looked at me with kind of a, you know, look like that.
And I thought to myself, you know something, all the things that I talked about here yesterday
like marriage, you weeny and about illegal prostitution.
I'll use the stupid things that got on this cane.
Bolivar, I've been here for 22 freaking years and it never changed and never will change.
Just a waste of your tax dollars going right down the toilet.
Speed traps, prostitutes and marijuana bus.
That's what it's all about.
That's police work in America for you and especially in this town.
And as I drove away from the pork or out there, I thought to myself since we have so many
porkers listening.
Does it really do your heart good to know that you're wasting your time on all these wonderful
victims, those so-called victimless crimes that you're really protecting us from the murderers
and the rapists and the arsonists and making Miami a really, and this whole area safe place to live?
It's really safe, ain't it?
Let's go downtown tonight.
Let's take about 100 people and just walk around downtown Miami tonight and show that we got the courage to do it.
Okay, you first.
So the marriage weeny thing is much you do about nothing and I heard some, who the hell was,
always that the, the booster, talk another one of those juvenile sports, the whole,
really juvenile talking about that last night.
Oh, yeah, he got caught with the, with the, with the wicked weeny with the marriage weeny and talking about it like this was like,
I mean, grow up already.
Well, yeah, all in his case, you better not smoke and start smoking it because if he eats anymore,
he'll blow up like a guy like, how gold's the, that booster?
Oh, yeah, the wicked weat.
I mean, when are your people going to come out of La La Land like that sin broad that called this morning?
What is it that's so offensive to her?
In other words, women out there, they stuff don't stink.
The women by the way are the ones that are watching Jerry Springer every day.
There's no man home during those hours.
The women are the ones that are watching all these crazy talking head shows with all his contriphone,
bullcrap, where they're allegedly beating each other up on the stage, which is all stage and all a bunch of crap.
Those are the people that are supporting that garbage.
The women of America whose minds have turned a jello.
Officials too outrageous and offensive for them poor babies.
Hey, sin, that fucking bitch.
Have a wonderful day because I know you're listening.
And anyway, the other big story of course is the Casey Martin ruling,
which I told you to judge you having common sense ruled the right way and said he can play and cut the crap and stop discriminating.
And Mike Burrardino, whoever he is, writes a very thinly veiled editorial.
Not just a commentary, but an editorial just, and he keeps saying, we this and we don't agree what it means.
We as the editorial board of the Sun Sentinel since they already wrote a stupid editorial a few days ago,
which I read on the year about this cart thing.
Let me say it for the eight million time, all you blues knows even Greg Cotex and Harold's got a good column on it today.
And if even he can see it, all you blue nose assholes, what's the word that Greg Cotex uses?
He said that the golfers are too persnickety to do it right.
That's exactly right.
Golfing is not an endurance contest because if it were, they have to carry their own clubs.
Okay, walking from one from the one hole to another is not what golf is all about.
It's a contest of skill is what it's all about.
It's boring to begin with, okay?
But in this day and age for a major newspaper like a scum sentinel to be supporting discrimination
because the guy's handicapped him because these other pansies are afraid that he might beat their pants off
based on pure golfing skill is really pathetic.
So let's make no mistake about it.
The Sun Sentinel favors discrimination.
How do you like that?
Because that's all that is plain and simple.
And now of course the PGA instead of just gracefully accepting the ruling,
which everybody knew was coming, now they're going to appeal it.
Because all those incredibly meaningful human beings like Jack Nickless and Arnold Palmer and Ken Venturi
whose great contribution to the human race has been playing a stupid goddamn game
they're too upset about even though they're riding their golf carts in the seniors tour.
That's because they're old farts.
They're over 50, which makes if that makes demo of farts, what the hell does that make me?
Ancient.
Exactly.
And I don't ride no golf cart because I don't play a stupid goddamn game called golf.
But what a grotesque thing that a major newspaper alleged.
Like the Sun Sentinel continues hanging on to this,
Maloonos and Mentelli.
We know what color there knows is blue and brown baby big time.
Here's Bokeh.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
How you doing?
Okay, sir.
I couldn't agree with you more on these cops out there.
I just, I don't know where to start.
I'm 38 years old and you know,
always been pretty hard work and made good money.
Paid my tax, was paid my bills on time.
And you know, I've always enjoyed driving a nice car right now.
I'm driving a Corvette.
I think you are too.
Yes, I am.
It's, you know, these creatins that they allow to be cops that roam our streets are just amazing to me.
They've been allowed to, you know, criminalize normal behavior.
So, and I don't, not only that,
but they like to terrorize the public.
I'm driving on yesterday on the 595,
going west out toward, you know, plantation.
And here's an FHP.
And of course, the FHP are the most useless of all.
They're just a waste of taxpayers money.
And this asshole is in the middle lane
and then he finally gets over in a right hand lane
so that he can terrorize all three lanes and he's going 54 miles an hour.
So now naturally, everybody around him is in gridlock
because that's the whole concept.
It's to slow traffic to a crawl and show them that's a big power trip.
Okay?
And I thought I would never get to have a home.
54 miles an hour.
And of course, I'm like boxed in there like, you know, a horse race.
I'm locked in behind a dead piece and I got nowhere to go.
Yeah, and let them see that Corvette.
And then, you know, they're attracted to you like a magnet.
Yeah.
Like a magnet.
Yeah.
Exactly.
You know, meanwhile, the real bad guys, the guys that are doing the real crime, you know,
the OJ Sensins of the World, we can never convict any of those.
Absolutely.
And I have to look at the blue moon.
So yeah, I have this theory that, you know, basically what they want to do is they want
to harass normal people because they know they have the money to pay the fines, which
generates the funds to keep them in existence.
You know, and if they go after the real bad guys, it's going to cost.
See, let me say something really revolutionary here today.
Okay?
And that is that laws of the, when we're talking about police work, laws like speeding
laws were made to protect people from danger, not to harass people, not to give a cop away
out of the right or a community, the right to write business so they can raise revenue.
And so in other words, if I don't come to a complete stop at a stop sign at 2.30 in
a morning, when there's no other car for 50 miles around in any direction, the idea
that some cops sitting under a tree can write me a traffic ticket for not coming for a
running or a stop sign or whatever it is, is unbelievable.
It's just unacceptable.
And the public in this country are so brainwashed and so about pacified that they just come
to accept this like, oh yeah, this is right.
You got to be the little, you know, man.
A lot more.
Well, if I'm out in the middle of a highway, I 75 over on a west coast at 2 in the morning,
and there's nobody around for as far as the eye can see, and I'm going to speed limit
is like 70 and I'm going 85.
What the hell difference does it make?
Isn't it interesting, by the way, after all the brainwashing about speed kills in
his crap, how slowly but surely we're getting back to 65 and 70 mile an hour speed limit
on the turnpike in parts of 95 and I 75.
Isn't that interesting?
And nobody's running around screaming, oh, speed kills.
That was the biggest bunch of propaganda and another excuse to write more goddamn business
for the porkers.
That's what it is.
Amen.
Hey, I agree with you.
Just to change the subject, I call them, I guess about a month ago, maybe three weeks
ago, and I really predicted this case, the Martin thing would, I thought he would win.
I mean, it's the right thing to do.
Well, he's won so far, but they're going to appeal it now because they're badge of honor
has been challenged here and being the bunch of hardasses that they are, they're now willing
to accept the ruling of a jug.
In fact, the Sun sent it, even in South R intelligence, by saying, well, this was a judge
in his hometown, Eugene Argonne.
So there's favoritism.
There is if any other jugs with a brain anywhere else wouldn't rule the same thing.
Yeah, it's the right thing to do, though.
Amen.
Hopefully one time the right thing will win out.
Listen, I've got one other thing to say.
I have seen Booge at the arena a few times.
Yeah.
You're right.
He has one big unit and he definitely doesn't need to eat any more than he has to stay
alive.
Take care, Neil.
Have a great day, Bill.
But I do like that orange here.
See, it's called conditioning the public.
It's like anything else.
It's like Pavlov and the dog with the bell.
You can condition people the same way you can do an animal.
And over a period of your lifetime, if you're conditioned to the fact that every time you're
going 10 miles over the speed limit, you've got to keep looking.
I mean, I'm not suggesting you should be able to go any speed you want because you're
going 140 miles an hour, it's dangerous unless it's in a beautiful Correda, you know, 230
in the morning and I 75, it should be okay.
Let's air that baby out, winning doubt.
But if you're going, I'll give you a classic example out by me.
They're Hyatis Road.
There's a canal on one side.
There isn't one single house that faces Hyatis Road between sunrise and brow.
Not one.
There are a couple of churches there, said way back off the street.
There are a couple of houses on corners, way behind trees and bushes that face side streets.
But there are no little kids.
There's nobody.
Nobody lives there.
And the speed limit is 35 miles an hour.
And where do you think is one of the favorite spots for setting up their speed traps and
plantation acres is on Hyatis Road between sunrise and brow at Boulevard.
So they can ride business.
Not because anybody is in jeopardy there.
That's because somebody's going to get killed or run over, but because it's a great place
because nobody in their right mind is going to drive 35 miles an hour at road.
So please don't insult my intelligence, Mr. Porker, out there and Mrs. Porker, that
you're out there to protect me because I've been all over the world.
I've been in places where it's safe to walk the streets at two in the afternoon and two
in the morning and whatever the hell you want.
And you don't have all these lunatics running around with goddamn guns and kids getting
shot because daddy left the gun on the table or whatever the reason is this week.
Like the five-year-old kid that got killed the other day because you know, oh, we don't
know where the gun came from.
Great.
That's good.
That's good parental supervision.
That's police work in America for you, baby.
And that's why the public has come to accept this slaughterhouse as like this is the way
things are supposed to be in the world.
Right.
Whatever you say, whatever you say, every time you know, it used to be many, many years
ago, you saw a copy like what I'm in Italy.
I see a cop standing around with an oozion of his shoulder standing on a tie over by
the Piazza del Republic of wherever he is.
And I'm happy to see that because I know he's not going to hassle me and the fact that
he's there is going to make damn sure even the goddamn gypsies will come around in that
neighborhood for a while until he's gone.
Because he's there to make sure that there's a little wrong order going on.
When you see a cop car here right away, the first thing you think of is, oh, you look
at this pedometer.
And then you think, oh, do I have my seat belt buckled up and do I have my finger in
the wrong place now?
And is, you know, all those things.
Not the cop is my friend anymore, but he's out there to hassle the crap out of me because
he's on an ego trip.
A powered goddamn trip.
I'm not there to get in.
We've already been together before I became having fun out day, having a band and nothing
away, just there's been.
There's been, I mean.
I love you, yeah.
I'm not gonna fall a cosmetic surgery.
I'll get another thousand just one more fucking worth of thousand.
Mr. Mary Calper, Jesus.
Let's take a call in.
I'm Lady North Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Good morning, Neil.
How are you?
Pretty better.
I usually talk to you.
I'm chronic now, but since I'm a lady, I figure it's okay.
Yes, it is.
This morning between 738 and headline news.
Yeah.
I send the bottom.
They have in each state some kind of news in from the state of Texas.
They said another settlement with a church, five million dollars on some kind of abuse,
sexual abuse.
Right.
But I don't believe it because there's no fact in the church.
It's beautiful.
Yes.
And I love you.
Okay.
Have a great day.
How dare you say that you bastard you?
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I just off the subject for a minute.
What for subject?
Traffic enforcement.
Oh.
Does George know that when he's talking during the commercial break?
Yes, he does.
Yes, he does.
That's the idea.
We like that.
Oh, good.
I like hearing about the guy with the yellow hair.
The fact with the yellow hair.
Why, I left that out.
He sounds like an interesting guy, by the way.
There's no fact in the church.
I think he's a priest.
You realize I've contradicted through your position as on traffic enforcement.
And why is that?
Because if it's an intersection where you get pissed off at the people, you're happy
they're giving tickets.
But if it's something that you're doing, then you think it's an invasion of your privacy
to get a ticket.
Oh, so in other words, if somebody is creating a...
When did I ever say that if somebody is driving irresponsibly or not driving according
to the law that they shouldn't get a ticket?
I'm not saying we just have anarchy on the highway.
When did I ever say that?
But if you're...
What if...
What if you're...
What?
Who decides it was appropriate?
Do you think the average asshole on the street...
Because the laws have been created to protect people, not to hassle people.
They're there to protect people.
So if maybe you're driving a two o'clock in the morning and you're weaving a little bit
on I-75 and you know, maybe made a little bad lane change, but there's nobody else
on the road, what difference does it make?
It's very rarely...
It's like making a fight for that.
What?
That's very rarely someone will get something.
Oh, for that.
Give me a break.
When's the last time the...
I assume that you must be a police person.
Well, of course.
You want to know.
When's the last time you wrote a ticket to an old person for going too slow?
All believe me.
No people get tickets all the time.
For going too slow.
Too slow.
It's not really a statue for going too slow.
Yeah, all day.
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
On the inner state there is not a maximum momentum.
On the inner state there.
When's the last time you wrote a ticket for an old fart going too slow?
Kind of patrol the inner state.
I don't want to highway patrol.
Well, what's the last time you saw anybody do that?
I can't remember.
I've never seen it.
But I see a lot of people.
You never heard of it.
I've never heard of it.
I see people driving too slow.
Yeah.
And how about people driving in the left hand lane on the inner state or on the turnpiker
on any super highway who are going like under the speed limit or not going anywhere?
Sure, that bugs me, too.
Yeah.
But that doesn't mean that it's an invasion of their privacy just because you're doing something you think is okay.
I mean, who are you to decide that what you're doing is okay but what they're doing is not.
What are we talking about now?
You're saying that when you speed, you know it's okay because you can decide and it's okay.
That isn't what I said at all.
No, it is not even.
It's not related to what I said.
You said that you decide for yourself when you're speeding.
I never said anything.
You know that it's okay because there's nobody around.
First of all, I never said I anything because I don't drive that fast to begin with.
You're full of baloney on that.
And number two, what I did say was that if somebody, somebody hypothetically is driving
70 miles an hour in a 55 at two o'clock in the morning and there's nobody else on the highway for as far as the eye can see,
that doesn't mirror the speeding to get because it is not creating any kind of hazard to anybody else.
And it's just nitpicking.
And most cases, somebody probably would not be cited.
Oh, give me a break.
You're fine.
You're not even looking.
Now you know as well as I do that if there was a speed trap set up somewhere, those are the kind of people that you guys are looking for.
Why do you think they set up stuff like that besides for making money?
Will you tell me?
Because they want to get people conditioned to the idea to try and stay around the speed limit.
Oh, give me a break.
They want to go.
People conditioned to the idea of being saying around the speed limit.
You know if there's nobody around you, but people do that most.
Look, this is Florida.
Okay, my friend.
Everybody who can breathe gets a driver's license in this state and they can be over the age of 100
and they still get a renewal in the mail automatically for a six-year renewal.
We got more people driving irresponsibly.
We don't have any kind of inspection system in this state.
So there's people with no breaks, braw pliers, no headlights.
I don't ever see those people getting pulled over.
I don't see anybody in law enforcement screaming now.
We need an inspection system in this state to get all the crap off the road here.
So it really is safe.
All you're talking about is writing business and you know it as well.
You can argue with me from now till midnight.
You're never going to change anybody's mind.
All you're doing is writing business.
How do you know what people are getting excited for when you go down the street and you see a car pulled over?
How do you know what they're getting at ticket four?
Because when I see somebody sitting there with a radar gun, I know exactly what they're getting excited for.
That's just one instance.
Every time you see somebody with a radar gun, you never see anyone else getting pulled over.
Almost never.
Almost never.
Maybe for running a red light.
Maybe I've seen that once or twice.
And if they did that in this time, you guys would be busy 24 hours a day.
Of course.
But maybe the guy who ran the red light said to us,
hey, I think this is safe.
That's okay.
I'm going to go ahead and go for it because I know I'm a good driver.
When did I ever say that?
Hypothetically, of course.
Oh, I see. Hypothetically.
No, nobody ever said that.
That it's okay to run a red light.
It's okay to speed up hypothetically.
Yes.
And to go through a stop sign, I mean, to lead stop hypothetically.
Absolutely.
I know that he's coming.
No, not if you decide.
If it's, if it's, oh, I can take so many intersections right now at the top of my head,
where you can see it very clearly in all directions.
I'm thinking like I'm about 21st, 121st Avenue, or 121st Street, and 118th Avenue by me.
There's a stop sign there, and they got a new deal now there.
And no, I did not get a ticket, by the way.
So it's not so great.
And they're sitting around here to see if people made a full stop at that stop sign.
Now, you have full vision in all directions to see if anybody is coming,
or anything is in a row.
And I mean, to knit-tick and make sure that all four wheels came to a complete stop,
or I'm going to write you a ticket, that's brow-beating the public,
and you know it as well as I do.
I'll tell you one thing.
Every time there's been an accident, the first thing they always tell me is,
I never saw the other car.
Okay, so one day you're going to go through that stop sign, and when you get smashed,
you're going to say, hey, I looked, but I never saw the other car.
When did I say I'd go through that?
When the hypothetetic will be broken.
No, I'm not talking about hypothetical.
I'm talking about the people who do that.
Yeah.
And that's the first thing they always say is, I never saw the other car coming.
But they know for sure that it's clear, but they never saw the other car coming.
Uh-huh.
So that's what happens when you just assume that you know better than the law.
Let me say it again.
Oh, I know that you know better than the law.
Here's our lecture.
Now we're getting a lecture, folks.
We know better than the law.
So if you've got tipped in windows and you're smoking a number in the car,
you better not know better than the law, because this guy's going to put you over in the,
put you in a hoose-gall, because you got weed.
Ah, there you go.
Because you know better than the law.
You know, you've never been the same since you got arrested.
Yeah, right.
Well, we've been here.
You've been on your shoulder ever.
Sir, I've been talking the same about police.
First of all, you want to talk about it about a trapman, sir.
That's another subject for everything.
You were never the same before.
No, never the same.
What?
No, before you used to complain about getting speeding tickets, but ever since you got arrested,
you've just been down, down, down on the law.
Yeah, right.
I've been down on the law all of my adult life, sir, because I'm tired of people getting hassled for bullcrap.
That's the end of the conversation.
Unbelievable.
I've never been the same.
Another piece of obfuscation, sir, you don't want to deal with the facts,
and that is you're not in the law enforcement business.
You're in the harassment business.
You're in the goddamn harassment business and always have been.
And what the hell does this have to do with that?
What does one have to do with the other?
But that's always a convenient excuse.
There's anybody who doesn't believe in letting the cops do whatever they want to you.
They've got some excuse.
And can't possibly be a legitimate point of view.
You asshole, you.
Unbelievable.
That's right.
When you can come to that stop sign, you can see it clearly.
You can look and look and look as you go through there.
And if you don't come to see that's the law that all four wheels must come to a complete stop.
Otherwise, you're breaking the law.
Now, that's a good law, isn't it?
Well, change the laws.
Scroll change in the laws.
Okay, we don't have time to try to change the laws with a bunch of our kick bullcrap going on in this country.
But the president's up there getting blow jobs every day in the White House.
We don't have time to worry about changing that law either.
The fact is, go save some lives and do some real serious law enforcement and stop trying to justify.
We want to condition the people to go in the speed limit.
What a joke that is.
And what they've done in this town because of the paranoia, instead of like real cities,
major markets like Chicago and Detroit and like in LA,
where when the highways aren't jammed packed like in the middle of the day,
and people are going, you know, 75 and a 55 and everybody,
and the cops are going by like you're standing still, because they create what is called a traffic flow.
That's why.
There is no flow of traffic here because you got some people going 90, some people going 30,
some guy in his little brown Toyota going 25 in the middle lane or in the left hand lane.
There is no traffic flow because everybody out here does this set their own thing.
And I don't ever, ever see any of those people being pulled over by the way,
the ones that are going like crawling around causing other people to make hazardous decisions that cause accidents.
It's these old parts and these banana boat people with their unsafe cars that are going 25 miles an hour in the middle of the interstate
forcing other people to take drastic action getting frustrated.
They're the ones who caused the accidents.
In fact, most of the time they don't even wind up being in the accident because they're a half a mile behind it by the time it happens.
But give me a big lecture in the song and a dance about how dear you think that you're going to, you know, flaunt the law.
Right, flaunt this.
We're paying his goddamn salary and he's giving me a lecture on what my attitude ought to be.
How do you like that? That's the best part. You're paying a salary.
And if he wants to stand there in the middle of the road with his goddamn radar gun and hassle your life,
and it goes across a lot of stress too, by the way, which every time you see a pig,
oh, yeah, we want to condition you. That's right. You want to condition the public all right to mistrust you is what you want to do.
But blame it on me because I'm a bad guy with a chip on my shoulder, right?
Yeah, you're jaundiced. That's right. I'm arrested with my excuse.
Well, you're not Chinese.
And see, when somebody will call up and with that kind of a militant attitude who's going out of his way to twist what I'm saying,
to try to try to make me look like some kind of an outlaw, see, because I don't want to be the obedient,
doodiful citizen who thinks that everybody should do according to the letter of the law.
The guy they have presidents up there getting blow jobs from 21-year-old girls,
which most of us don't give a crap about that to his business. But for crying out loud,
we're supposed to all worry about the letter of the law.
This is probably the same kind of guy who would tell you that if they come to your window tonight,
they're looking in the window to make sure you're doing it in the missionary position with your wife or husband,
or both as the case may be. Otherwise, you're going to take you off to the goddamn gas chamber.
That's the kind of mentality this guy's got.
Hey, who are you to know better than the law?
Exactly. That's right. Keep it out of there.
Yes, sir. Arifad.
You're listening to the best of Neil Rogers on I'm Fixing QAF.
I can't have such a awful...
You love the TV show Cop.
Oh, you're a bad guy.
You celibated over the steamy video. Cop's too hot for TV.
Mmm. I'm going to hide with some love and then a new performance.
Well, now you'll best your pants with cops, the bluepers edition.
You have the right to remain, but...
Yeah, poor like satellite, but deadly in there, a cheap...
That's right. The funniest powerluck,
druah and blunders are all captured on this.
Plus, they have two hour hold videos.
Stop! Oh, shoot!
Oh, man.
Hold the action.
All the adventures, all the precinct eruptions that got caught out of the original TV show.
Hey, sir, are you sure you want to take a bribe with this TV camera powerluck around?
Oh, yeah. You're right.
What bluepers edition?
What are today?
Here's the Coconut Grove. Hello.
Hey, how about a lack of police duty here?
I got mucked down here in the Grove a few months ago.
That's right, I believe.
Oh, yeah, right.
Fumped into the guy's rearview.
Two weeks after I got out of basketball,
I'm a bomber for a cataract replacement, right?
Didn't have much peripheral vision.
Yeah.
Fumped into the guy's rearview mirror on the outside.
That's the door.
And two guys got out, beat my ass.
Really?
Literally, in front of like five or six people,
I had to go into the store to call 911 myself.
Yeah.
The cops show up, and they don't even want to go after this guy.
Oh, you know the guy's name.
I don't know the guy's name.
I just got mucked.
He sat around with their thumbs up there, wrecked them.
Wrecked them.
And yeah, and it just asked me a bunch of questions.
This has been, what, four or five months, thousand?
No, wait a minute.
You said you had to go into 7-11 to make the call?
In the food spot.
In the food spot.
Well, maybe they were refreshing.
They were making new coffee in there while they were, you know,
you were wearing outside.
I think they just brought in a fresh batch at the time.
Don't know, it's yeah.
Exactly.
But, you know, me while the next day I had surgery
to replace the retina on the backside of my eye,
I'm half wide out of it.
And under the state attorney's office,
that up to the detective department at our illustrious police department downtown,
they've done nothing.
Uh-huh.
You guys are jerks.
Well, they're too busy counting up traffic tickets.
Exactly.
Have a great day, pal.
Thanks.
Good luck to you.
You'll leave it.
Just like that Johnny Versace business baby,
of course, on a beach.
And of course, they have changed the law now over there.
They've changed the way the system in the pawn shop
that they could have bring Johnny Versace back when Andrew Kananah
was running around out there in the white open in sight of his name
and Joe and his passport and all the other crafts.
There are some more good police work for.
They did a beautiful job on that.
But then again, he was only a murderer.
He was only a serial killer or a spree killer or whatever the hell it is,
depending on which shrink you listen to.
He was just running around a country killing people.
And so even though somebody's dead, of course, he was, you know, both only fags.
So that's not all important anyway, I guess.
But there you go.
I mean, we don't want to catch up on that because we don't have a computer as well.
They do now.
They do now because the focus of the light of the universe was on them.
And what an embarrassing bunch of crap that was.
It sat around for days and days on somebody's desk.
Until they could review it and take a look at it.
And the pawn shops split too.
Yeah, go scare those old parts and get them off the road for a quiet safe.
Let them turn in their driver's licenses.
I don't want to mention that my mother's got friends who are like 125 years old.
Like it's six year renewals automatically in the mail.
People I can't hear. People I can't see.
People are like God, infosima.
People I can't get their head up to the bottom of the steering wheel.
But they're giving them six year renewals in their driver's license.
You'll never, ever, ever, ever see those people pulled over off the road.
Never going to happen, man.
Not in your lifetime or mine.
Which state probably those people are the ones who will curtail our lifetimes.
And wind up killing us out there and they got them highway.
You just better, you better be more obedient, mister.
This guy, he was the best.
Thank you so much, by the way, sir.
Thank you for being the inspiration for my life.
And of course, it's only near Rogers that makes those comments.
Because near Rogers once got arrested for some silly thing that they threw out.
But nevertheless, near Rogers has got a grudge.
Nobody else makes jokes about cops to draw, making the coffee and eat and don't.
If that's something near Rogers invented, right.
Right. Just keep trying to, you know, shift the argument.
Just keep trying to like out the skate and cover up your tracks or officer.
You're full of crap and everybody knows it.
Everybody knows it.
And let me say it again.
Go to any civilized country, which of course leads out most of this hemisphere, except maybe Canada.
Go to any civilized country and walk around on the streets and see what kind of environment you got.
And while we'll look at the driving, go to Toronto and see what a real city is all about.
Find out what life is all about as opposed to this goddamn police state.
Where every time you fart, they're going to drag your ass in because they got...
Then of course, the more farters we got, the more it's pots and moakers we got,
then of course, we can throw those people in jail cells and let the murderers in the arsonists and the acts murderers out.
Because the jails are overcrowded for babies and they're not getting three square meals a day.
Here's Kendall. Hello.
How are you?
Okay, sir.
I got a story for you.
I think you actually... I think you're going to love this.
I'm driving down Sheridan Street.
This is a few years back and they have a police out there and they're little...
You know, tax force getting ready to take it everybody.
Yeah.
I got the guns on them.
So it pulls me over.
It says you're going 40 in a school zone.
And I said to the guy, I don't see a school zone sign.
And he goes, well, I can't help it if you didn't see it.
You're going 40 in a school zone.
So I'm thinking, well, maybe I did miss it.
It gives me the ticket.
I drive up a block and a half and there's the school about two-thirds under construction.
Yeah.
Oh, I love it.
Isn't that great?
Yeah, but someday there's going to be little kids running around there, sir.
Look, this goes right back to what the cops said.
He wants to condition you into driving slowly because in a few months, maybe two years,
there's going to be a real schooler.
That's right.
We're just trying to do you a favor and get you conditioned to obeying the law.
Right. So I say to myself, well, obviously I'm going to go to court on this school.
Yeah.
So I get my court date and it's, you know, six, seven weeks away from that.
I got a court in the courtroom full of people.
You know, your figure and this is going to take me two-thirds of the day.
But I'm going to sit here and I'm going to tell the judge this story.
And I'm watching people go up there and they're telling the judge and it turns out that almost the whole courtroom
were people from that day at that spot.
And the judge here's five or six people, seven people and he finally says, who else is here for this?
Almost the whole courtroom raises their hand.
They did a hell of a job.
Right.
So the judge says, oh, well, he says, well, I'm going to charge everybody 32, 50 and court costs and dismiss everything.
And I hear people going, oh, that's great.
They all get up ready to go out and pay the clerk.
I raised my hand. I said, you're honor.
You're asking me to pay $32.50 for something I didn't do.
And it gets this look on his face like how dare you challenge me?
Yeah.
And he says, that's exactly what I'm telling you to do.
So I say, I'd like a jury trial.
I didn't, I just a shot in a dark.
And then a guy weighing the back says, hey, yeah, me too.
Trouble maker.
And then another guy over and he says, yeah, I'm going to pay $32.50.
We're all here for the same thing.
And obviously, these police screwed up.
The judge slams his gabbled down on the desk.
This is everybody for here for this.
Get out of my courtroom.
And so we won it.
All right.
Beauty. Nice job, pal.
Hey, take care of that.
Don't do it again.
All right.
Okay. How do you like that?
He was going to give him a discount, man, like, oh, yeah, we only had to pay $32.50.
And then to leave it up to this guy to have the balls, which most people don't.
Let me say it again.
Next time you get a ticket, call a ticket defense team, okay?
That's what I do.
I think I've had maybe two tickets in the last six or seven years.
Both with radar, of course.
Of course.
And both, and yes, I have been pulled over two or three times for a speeding-related night in plantation.
And they always say, have a nice day.
And they don't do it again.
So it's not a personal grudge.
The plantation cops have always been very nice to me.
But just generally speaking, this whole concept of hassling the public is just...
I mean, maybe if we could afford the luxury of doing it.
If it was like a sideline, if we had no other crime, and we figured, well, you know,
might as well do something like that other guy said, because they're bored.
Maybe then you could understand it.
But where you have vandalism on every guy at the end of the street corner, you've got punks running loose on the streets,
where you've got people, a murdering people on street corners,
where you've got people being held up in shopping mall parking lots,
where you have people shooting each other over parking spaces,
and you look around, is there a cop anywhere?
Oh, no, he's busy on hiatus there with a radar gun.
But go ahead, Neil. Have a nice day.
And guess what?
You can... If there's any cops out there that think that, because I do the...
Which I would do this on a year for years, because I say these things, you're going to write me a ticket.
Go right ahead, be my guest.
I haven't paid a traffic ticket in this day, and I don't think any kind of a ticket in this for years,
maybe a 15-20 years, because I call a ticket defense team, they get thrown out,
because more often than not it's bogus, and good luck to you.
But if it'll make you feel better, maybe that poker will be sitting out here when I leave again today.
We're over there.
Here's a mobile in four-later day. Hello.
Yeah, hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I got two quick cops for you.
I'm stopped at 60M in your south and Lakeworth.
About 10, uh, black guys come running up to the car trying to sell me crack.
Right, right.
I finally get away from that.
They weren't black guys that were German Italians.
Yeah, and I finally get away from that, and I get pulled over for obstructing traffic.
Yeah.
And I tell the cops, they say,
them guys were standing in front of my car and inside of my car trying to sell me drugs.
They say, we're not dealing with crack today, we're dealing with traffic.
And then the second story, this is it.
This was not a crack day, sir.
It was a traffic day.
You better get your days to the week right.
It's like it was craft macaroni and cheese day.
Tomorrow will be crack day, crack day.
Right.
And then the next one, you'll be donut day, yes.
The second one I'm driving on 95, doing 75 miles an hour.
Yeah.
Speed traffic, it's pulled over.
Another Corvette gets pulled over right next to me doing 110 miles an hour.
He gets out of the car, he shows his bag, they shake hands,
he gets back in his car and drives away.
I got the cop.
I say in the cop, I says, how do you let him go away driving 110 to come,
says, you say one more where I'm going to put your ass in jail.
There you go.
That's been mild.
Yes, sir.
Yeah.
That's the way it goes out there.
They want to condition you to being a good obedient to a junior flakker.
That's it, pal.
That's right.
All right, thank you, Neil.
Don't do it again.
I guess I'm not telling.
I was the one on the vet.
Your listening to the best of Neil Rogers on 560 QA AM.
She's an evil bitch.
The problem is all inside out there, she said to me,
but the answer is easy if you practice or relieve.
You must enhance your full play, kind of think, or leave.
It must be 50 ways to reach your lover.
50 ways to reach your lover.
Lie a flat on the back, Jackie.
Go down to the clam, say, use a vibrating toy, roll it.
Just listen to me.
Get the alphabet, shit.
Don't get your mouth out of the food way.
More capital T.
Two cents by me.
I said I treat that act with the utmost disdain.
You go south with the mouth.
I'm sorry, I'm afraid, but if you insist,
then would you please explain about the 50 ways to reach your lover.
50 ways to reach your lover.
Just keep on the trip, Jackie.
Fuck the rip on a bee.
Eight pieces of that pie, guys.
Now listen to me.
I'm all alone above, no.
Just give it enough time.
More capital T.
Two cents by me.
We're just discussing the really important segment on 69th last night before Mayor Suarez
made a jackass out of himself, which we're used to.
And that's the segment about Vernon Jordan, who'll be the good friend of the president.
And very interestingly, you hear about the bleeds that we have to use on different things
because they get real uptight on the certain shows on the station because they're a bunch of immature
pussies.
But at any rate, so last night, Michael, Mike Wallace was talking to different people about Vernon Jordan
and refused to be interviewed for this piece, so to speak.
And at any rate, they were quoting Vernon Jordan when they asked him,
what do you, you and the president talk about when you're out there golfing,
you know, when you're riding around on the cart, like Casey Watson then.
And Mike Wallace said the word and they bleep.
I mean, they put it up bleep.
It was like,
E.
Right. There you go.
I don't have one of those. Mine's not that long.
I have a short one.
But at any rate, the word that they were trying to say was,
C is the word.
How do you like that?
That's what Vernon Jordan and the president talk about when they get together
because they're both big womanizers.
They both screw around a lot.
They talk about, C is what it is.
They said that were three different times on there.
And the bleep kept getting longer and longer.
Almost as long as the president knows.
It was incredible.
Have you ever, have you noticed that lately?
Now that you've seen he's got that big red one sticking out and his nose is getting long too.
I'm going to get to my thing about the Domino's Pizza Delivery before I,
and you know something, this was the most important story of the whole last week.
The most important story of the, for us,
this was not about the president getting this thing sucked away.
This was not about the drop in bombs on Hussein who's running around from a house to a house.
And then of course last night we had our big 60 minutes thing with Mayor Suarez
as we get embarrassed one more time from coast to coast and pillor to coast.
Here's a man who is absolutely belongs in a rubber room somewhere in a straight jacket
and he's the mayor of this town and leave it to Steve Croft and the people on 60 minutes
to finally expose their shan and his garbage.
And nobody here cares.
Because like the one guy on there said, the average voter in the city of Miami is a 63 year old Cuban woman
with no teeth and no spigot English.
And those are the only people who vote in the city of Miami.
And that's why we got the, and he also made a comment, this is a third world banatter republic
and haven't I been saying that for years?
Yes I have.
Thank you sir.
Some bearded professor from FIU.
That was great.
That was a great piece.
And the Steve Croft says, he's gotten as bad as it possibly can't can get any worse.
And he said, no, he said, are you sure?
He said, no.
It'll get worse.
I mean we've only got people that are dead.
This is worse than Dick daily and any other dick you can think of.
We got dead people voting.
We got millions of all these are bad ballots.
And nobody is a get-gan.
The Carl Hyerson actually made seem a little humorous last night on 60 minutes.
And that's quite an accomplishment.
Because he's almost as funny as Dave Berry like that.
Big story of the week about the Domino's pizza delivery didn't want to deliver in a certain part of time.
Because it was dangerous and right off the bat, oh that's an ethnic thing.
Maybe it's, yeah, it's bigotry.
And the court ruled that they got to deliver there.
Even though we have, we find out in the story which we saw on the TV on the local news.
We have pizza delivery people in mind who won't deliver to certain parts of like Liberty City or overtime.
Because it's too dangerous.
But the court says you got to deliver there.
If you deliver someplace else, you got to take your life in your hands.
How do you like that?
A lot of times these muggers are the ones calling the pizza guy.
Right.
Ordering out for money.
Right.
And then waiting for him.
How about those kids that time was it New Jersey or somewhere that just killed the pizza delivery guy just for something to do?
I mean don't do that unless the pizza is cold and really bad for Christ's kids.
So what are we going to do about these pizza people who don't want to deliver in certain areas?
I say we give them a medal.
The idea that the court is going to tell me if I work in Pomegranate delivery guy for some pizza joy or any other kind of a joint.
That I have to go into a neighborhood that's so dangerous that my life is in jeopardy.
You know what I would do?
I'd tell the judge.
You go delivered.
Here you go.
Here's a pepperoni with extra cheese.
You go delivered asshole.
And see how fast he puts his stupid ass in jeopardy over there.
Even art Fleming.
And Alex Trebek wouldn't go in that joint.
I think it was Nassau which is supposed to be near like Riviera Beach or Singarolibou find out from the audience.
I never heard of such a joint.
Here's a lady I know Nassau on the Bahamas.
I know how dangerous that is.
And believe me I'm not delivering no pizzas there.
Lady and Miami.
Hello.
Now they're going to have to pay combat pay dominos.
Uh huh.
At the rate it's going.
How do you like that?
I don't at all.
I don't like that at all.
It's ridiculous.
I think that's another reason to get Mama Mary's.
Mama, yeah.
So you don't put anybody in jeopardy.
I was calling to see if you'd seen that 60 minutes piece.
Yes I did.
I just, I can't, I'm listening to slayers sit there and deny things that are so obvious.
Like oh no, there's nobody in my administration who's losing legal charges.
Oh no.
There's nobody.
The first reason is it was not three commissioners, two of my own metro commissioners.
No only one of ours and the city manager and this one and that one and all his other cronies that he has stuck in there.
And the thing about the money laundering about oh well you make it sound like it's for drugs.
Oh well it's not for drugs.
It's for the other thing.
Yeah but don't make it sound like it's for drugs.
That would be awful.
Oh this is, this is just unbelievable.
If they don't get this guy out of there, if they don't recall him or have another election, then there ought to be like a massive protest like 24 hours a day in the city of Miami.
Nothing else.
It's just embarrassing.
It's an incredible entire country.
That's right.
And of course the whole area has to suffer.
I mean all of us who live here, we know that the city itself is nothing but a stupid bit in a republic.
But the fact that all of South Florida has to suffer our image which is bad enough already is a slaughterhouse because Mayor Suarez is doing bad drugs or something.
I mean to hell with it.
Then of course, then I love what he says to see Crawford.
They played the tape of his threatening message to the hero remember that.
Right.
And he threatened to pull all the cities out of the hero.
And then he says oh well you know it wasn't good but you could tell from the tone I was just joking.
Oh right.
I need to see it when he to hear what he's serious.
Yeah.
Oh.
He's a serious asshole.
Oh always was.
The other thing I overheard you and George talking about curling.
The A.P.s on Sunday morning on CBS about the history of it and how it works.
I was watching it.
It print out the whole thing was embedded in Scotland.
That farmer is doing well.
I like the assholes were in the kills probably.
When all they had was frozen lakes and granite stones and nothing else to do.
So you figured that's what the whole game came to.
You know something you watched this whole thing and I started to mention before.
Not only are the events themselves a farce very few of these events are really sports in this winter Olympics.
But then for the silly ones like the what do they even call it?
Ice dancing and the ice dancing and figure skating.
And then constantly especially on a CBC talking about how the judges are like banding together in groups.
The Eastern Europeans and the French and the whole thing is fixed.
It's a joke.
They do play for favorites.
They always have.
Especially back when there was the Soviet block they did.
Right.
It was notorious.
Well they're all doing it together.
The Eastern European judges and the French and of course leave it to the French because there are a bunch of traders anywhere they're scum.
So leave it to them.
They're the ones that are always you know harboring terrorists and selling nuclear weapons to a 10th world country.
That's the French for you.
Always.
And then they'll do it that.
So somebody faxed this the article.
Thank you so much from the Harold about King and his subjects.
And the people of this town have been y'all clamoring for years for that money that Larry owes to them.
For years they wanted back.
I will not give it to you.
Millions and millions and millions that this man has made and refused to pay people like the thousands that he built them out of.
I will not give it to you.
Larry will make good on his old South Florida debt.
He owed.
Now this is the best part of the story is which whoever faxed didn't realize and could never have known unless they're psychic like Kishpo Griffin.
He owed $5,000 to Seymour notarius every tired New York veterinarian.
Seymour notarius come to find out.
This is the guy who used to pedal his rice and lamb at a dog food in my health food store in 1977.
Over in whatever that part of town is in North Dave.
In North Miami Beach.
Oh my god.
And it comes to find out later in the story who died in July of 1981.
Well he was a big fat guy and people were coming to my health food store and he'd sit there next to the counter and say, you got a dog.
That was Seymour.
Well anyway he used to belly a call of time at Larry, owed him 5 grams.
I will not give it to you.
And now the whole thing is they've added up the interest on this thing as a result of pay off figure is supposed to be 29,000 to $19 because the loan was made.
And in 1978 and will repay the principal says Larry's lawyer agent whoever this is but we're not going to entertain the interest or the public.
I will not give it to you.
And notarius died but the daughter in law the daughter is going to get the money she's an innkeeper in Croteon on Hudson New York says he died broke.
How do you like that at age 67 as poor bastard died broke and Larry owed him the money.
That might have kept him going for another year or two.
I doubt it.
Not a lot of money she says it's the principal.
I remember daddy feeling tremendously betrayed by Larry King.
King will not pay $7,000 to widow Marge Hartner who says her late husband former Crow Gebel's mayor Fred Hartner senior loaned him the cash in the 1960s and got stiff.
I will not give it to you.
King simply doesn't remember says bear on death who's his lawyer or whatever but he represents the implication that he's cheap and won't pay his debt.
So the king of talk is offering to donate $10,000 to my children's hospital in the heart and its name says Hartner.
And I love children's hospital be it owed the money to was.
I will not give it to you.
So there you go.
Hi Scott Larry you cheap prick you phony baloney ask kisser all these years have gone by even that guy even at nice better and it was a good guy real fat though he's dead the fat people are the dead people you know how that goes.
Here's a mobile in Miami sure is hello.
Hey how you doing okay I wanted to you know you were talking about the 60 minutes and I watched that last night and I had some pretty good laughs you know like the line where you don't know how to post the vote Miami and all the other stuff but once again you know it's like it's like we're embarrassed.
You know you said nationwide it was like that time magazine cover a few years ago and now we have this ridiculous crap going on in the city.
And then you know people expect crime to come under control when our leaders are pulling this kind of hijacks.
I mean you know I'm going to tell you something that really pisses me off about that is Carl Hyerson from the herald who they made look like a real little comedian there last night like Dave very junior.
He's sitting there making his little wise cracks and he writes his stupid little columns the herald to me are just as corrupt as any politician in the city of Miami they were behind the metro real and putting that over on the public and then he slapped this in the face and told it was a white it was a white elephant which it is then they got behind Nicky Ererson in this this cock amami deal for this new arena that is going to be built for their own profit and their own benefits so they can boost up the value of one herald plans it down there by the by the waterfront I mean the herald her as corrupt as the day is long their full of crap and he's on her making a lot of money.
And then he's got a little comment if the herald is so goddamn great and so upright how come they're not doing something about all of this that's going on how come we don't see like massive rebellion in date county while we're waiting for the local media to provide some leadership on it.
That's a good point. I don't think I think I don't know what they're higher than everything is a big joke to them.
Let me ask you a question one thing I don't understand when swear as was mayor of the last time he seemed like a fairly reasonable guy.
He's lost it man he must have got some bad weed or something. Well he got the he is totally lost that he slipped out.
It might be to me either two things number one he's bipolar and he's not on the right amount of medication he's bisexual yeah or whatever or number two he's been doing something like Joe Gerstin if he wants that he's got a buy it.
Exactly I mean there's just no other reason for it. Yeah well nobody cares man nobody cares about the trial of and powered screw them.
That's true too.
Okay pal stay out of Miami.
You're listening to the best of Neo Roger on 516 WAM Miami World Lodder Day.
Miami Hurricane football the attack is back back in contention for the national championship with a running back attack
tandem featuring James Jackson and not he's having for an electrifying deep attack with Heisman trophy candidate San Tana Moss and Ricky Wayne.
Thank you all for your patience and now get ready for the finger band.
Yes. Naming chains just the way I like him.
And then this morning I'm coming to work and I'm over there in plantation which by the way I'll get to plantation.
I would like to report right now that I believe that there's a chigger in a wood parlance in plantation and the call we had from the cop last week on the show.
And now we have this plantation this big thing this is step campaign starting today by the way which I'll get into the selective enforcement traffic enforcement program step as in step on this.
That call was from some porker over there in plantation is what it was all about because this article in yesterday's paper which I appreciate somebody bringing to my attention by the way.
This is a carbon copy of that phone call we got last week.
They're trying to condition us to doing this and do it in a meantime I come back from the track last night and come west on sunrise Boulevard off the turn bike as always.
And there are people I'm going it's 45 is the speed limit okay I'm going 50 52 whatever which is a little bit over.
People are going by me as always 70 75 miles an hour on sunrise Boulevard.
And I say you people need mental help including you you're telling me that you were one of those people going 70 miles an hour on sunrise last night well 65 70.
I don't usually do 70 until I get on the you know palm mental help I just keep on you don't care there's nobody else on the road that you okay I don't want anyone that the guy is talking about that wants to make it up as you go along.
There's nobody else on the road you're going to go 70 on a residential street that's nice we know that 400 just gets away from you.
Yeah I know it's you know I'm lucky I only drive it in Corvette that can only go 155 miles an hour you got that big powerful for runner I mean I can't compare with that but a lot of rumors about this station by the way we'll get into that.
So anyway getting back to this thing well first of all there's only these rumors before I get into the thing about the plantation porkers there are massive rumors about this place being sold this radio station or maybe I'm not sure if it's just this station or if it's kissing the power 96 also all three of them the beastly properties and what we have to say that is.
Oh my God are we praying we got our legs crossed we got our eyes crossed we got our fingers crossed we got our nostrils crossed I mean we're in a cross.
I'm rubbing my rosary beads right now I'm going to lay some to fill in whatever else I can get my hands on any any kind of a we're going to rub the Buddha on the head.
Hey listen well later we'll get the leprechaun and the rub his head to a little bit we'll get some lucky God damn charms is what we'll do anything that might make that come true.
Oh God would that be something. Hallelujah set us free plays whoever you are out there the rumored buyers which I don't want to say too much about it because once these things start leaking out you can screw it all up so I don't want to say too much but the rumors are running rampant.
You don't think that's the reason that we're just kind of sitting here like in limbo because you know that nobody who's a real broadcaster in their right mind would be running this place this way so maybe that's so what really is in the wind here not that I want to get anybody
paranoid and psychotic that works for beasley read being such an upstanding company like they are.
Oh man anyway this ties in so directly not that I'm paranoid but it ties in so exactly with that militant psychotic call that we had on this show last Friday or Thursday I guess it was Friday and it was in yesterday's scum sent
right on the heels of that conversation plantation where I just happened to live in half for many years now plantations break BRAK with tradition police departments plan to halt motorists to ignore traffic laws.
I want you to listen to this because even if you don't live in plantation this should give you an idea of the mentality that we're dealing with here motorists to drive through the city of plantation should be extra careful to obey the law this month starting Tuesday meaning today the plantation police department will clamp down on drivers who ignore speed
limits one red lights tailgate don't wear seat belts don't signal or otherwise break the rules of the road patrol officers in police cruisers and undercover vehicles will be armed with radar and ticket books along all major roadways
and school zones in the city every driver they see no some of this every driver they see breaking the law will get a warning many will receive tickets starting
today if you violate a traffic law you're going to be stopped and police kept in the Keith Hylgenfeld who overseas the department's road patrol and motorcycle officers the month long sting dub the no sting it's a sting they're staying in it you feel it they're staying in it dub the selected traffic enforcement
program step how clever is aimed at discouraging careless driving and decreasing the city's high accident rates plantation log more than 3,000 motor vehicle accidents in 1997 according to
sergeant Frank Rabino of these more than 480 resulted in injuries we had 15 fatalities in 1996 and 6 last year that is outrageous Hylgenfeld said how do you like that you said not only was it
unacceptable it was absolutely outrageous that's what he said we have a problem and we intend to address that problem Rabino said far too high percentage of drivers
choose to drive in any manner they desire is this all starting to now once you listen to the verbiage here far too high a percentage of drivers
choose to drive in any manner they desire with a belief that there is a low risk for enforcement in many cases Hylgenfeld said the people who complain the loudest about terrible drivers are the same ones who later get ticketed police chief
C.E. Sonny Sherrod Jr said the point is not to see how many tickets we can write for revenue or statistics but to educate the hope is that once people get used to driving safely along the city's major roads they will maintain their good driving habits on smaller residential streets after netting violators for the next three to four weeks plans police plan to reinstate the
program several times a year end of quote end of story if that doesn't sound like a carbon copy of the conversation we had with that militant obnoxious disgusting pork or a Friday on the show I mean almost word for word is what it sounds like to me and of course it's only a coincidence because I have been a live in plantation and guess what I'm not wearing those seatbelt I'm going on the year right here with that now today I am not wearing a seatbelt see that whole seatbelt law is like telling me what kind of toilet paper I have to wipe my ass with it's not your business what I'm doing
inside that car unless it affects the way that I drive and by the way wearing a seatbelt and I've tried it does affect the way that I drive that's
remandedly yeah big side that's right that's exactly correct and if they want I'll get a note for my doctor and I'm very positive I have several doctors who
be more than happy to write a note saying like an excuse from school because I got a head cold today that I'm fat pig and that dry and I have diabetes and I blood pressure in
this and that and whatever else an occasional hemorrhoids and as a result I'm cannot wear that seatbelt and if you guys don't have anything better do an
addition to which the last time I checked pulling somebody over only for not wearing a seatbelt isn't legal in the state of Florida you have to be violating some other
traffic law before they can put you over for that is the way I understand the law could be wrong about that now maybe we'll start pulling people over for passing on the right
to look on sunrise now I applaud I am all for pulling over dangerous drivers people who are running red lights people are running stop signs not maybe like not
making a complete stop but people are running stop sign people speeding in school zone I'm coming this morning to work out here on honey Hill Road and I'm slowing down now
graded those lights have a work since we had the big storm a couple weeks ago but any jackass can see what those see those people with the
other with the straps of the orange straps on standing on the corners helping the little kids across the street those traffic
whatever they call that means they're school in session and the signs is very clearly school zone eight to nine a.m.
and I'm coming here 25 to nine or quite a nine this morning and I'm slowing down to my 15 miles an hour and here's this big a
sparser in a big truck behind me and this guy is like practically pushing me because he's so pissed off because I'm going 15 miles an hour right
on the dot well it's a school zone you asshole and there's people speeding through their identity don't begin any tickets of course people
going 70 miles an hour on sunrise like I said 80 miles an hour on sunrise and Howard Boulevard people running those lights that
have been talking about forever and of course this business they're going to be equipped with radar and ticket books well that sounds
like more the same to me and if you have art you know why don't you get the speed limits like on hiatus they're up to where they belong like 45 instead of
35 and then none of us would have a word it all responsible but any problem with that but it's very obvious to me that some of
those speed limits are said artificially low so that they can do what they've been do it for years maybe that's why they have so
many fatalities and so many accidents if they haven't been doing a good job of getting the really dangerous drivers off the
road and they're sitting there with too many goddamn speed traps what a concept in plantation huh what a concept and sitting around by my
house a couple of blocks away off the under of trees under malaluka trees waiting to see if all four wheels on your
car came to a full stop but it came to that stop sign and maybe some of those trees got trimmed back by the way so you
could see absolutely clear in every direction there maybe that might be a little help too instead of having big branches of
the trees hanging out in the middle of the street so you couldn't see somebody coming if you're like dependent on it at
certain intersections but this sounds like a militant that sounds exactly like this
porker that called here and it was on a browered line by the way and I'd be willing to bet a lot of money if I could get my
bed in which I doubt but it would be willing to put a lot of money that it was the same porkering that this whole
thing is an offshoot of this show wouldn't surprise a lot of me we're gonna show you you
faggot we're gonna show you a thing or two and we'll hang out there right in it and by the way if you also want to
help save some lives how about it's really nice the city of plantation finally got that light up there
at a hundred eighteenths I have it when sunrise Boulevard but you know something it's been up there for weeks
and all it does is flash and flash it flashes yellow and it flashes red that's all it does it doesn't change anything
it's no different than it was before because there are stop signs on the north end of a hundred
eighteenth and some and the south and on both sides of that intersection so if you would put that light in
the motion put it into a work put it get it working and make it a regular stoplight would like a you
know like a real red light would certainly help the control traffic and also stop people trying to pull out of
there and make a left turn and get killed but I realize I understand we're pushing a little bit too hard
you want to you want to make us obedience not a case of writing business we want to make you obedient
like the guy said we want to condition you to doing things right right like you're at a condition
dangerous drivers and drunken drivers into doing things right okay let's try Miramar hello
uncle Neil yes sir all right you can oh my god that radio yesterday was bad I thought it was my radio
thank god it's only your signal yeah sounded like the right thing god it's only my signals in
accurate anyway about the porkers situation I hope first on the list are these cops when they're
off duty and in their private cars that drive around no they're not going to share it well what do
you wait in your time with it they're not going to be first on the list they're not going to be on
the list you know that and their family members that just because they have one of those little badges
on their tag me that they can drive any way they want well that's all part of a that whole thing
that that whole fraternal order police business and all that the stuff you put on the bumper I mean
if people really don't get stopped because they weren't at stuff that's one of the biggest the
hoaxes in history mankind that asshole that calls you last week is probably at the top of the list
of the guys that drive around and weave in between traffic and how do you know that well because
they were all like that these cops yeah the way they drive that's a good point they think they're
going to be able to abide by it okay have a great day pal here's Miami hello yeah hi um according to the
law it turned on uh... jr. 1st that that anyone that does not have to be put on uh... could be pulled over
without doing uh... something else it gets started this year well isn't that great yeah because
when I had to go to trascans school back on uh... jenuary seven and i thought that point up in the
guys uh-huh not anymore jenuary first they feel called without a seatbelt they just got
you caught without a seatbelt yeah that's just that one little petty thing oh god not
i had to do i better go out and buy some shaman today because i don't think i got to write kind
of toilet paper my house either there you go thanks for the good news and closing yes can i
uh... shameless request yeah the japanese are called and chinese don't get the jr. in the
i'm sorry the chinese the chinese don't get to put a chick in the armor there will you all right
okay i'll work on it thanks
you're listening to the best of real Roger on 5.6.3 Q.A.M
i was riding on train all the context
oh and a very lovely lady said next to my
me
when she got a seat
she asked to buy for hold her seat
i was more than happy too and now there's more i'd like to do
i want to kiss her but she won't let me
i want to whisper sweet nothing
i want to hold her behind
those doors and doors
i want to kiss her but she won't let me
when she returned she said she was an actress
she showed me an album a picture of her opening
which he'd been sitting on
she's mean to say she could be
but i'm clearly see
she was the kind of girl who told them heart then left on
i want to kiss her but she won't let me
i want to whisper sweet nothing
since her ears
i want to hold her behind
those doors and doors
i want to kiss her but she won't let me
well i'll never forget that frame right down
i'll be
we say you're sweet and we shared our tales
but as my heart flies to leave her behind
regret our all my life
because i got you said
here in the end
i want to kiss her but she won't let me
i want to whisper sweet nothing
since her ears
i want to hold her behind
those doors and doors
i want to kiss her but
i want to kiss her but
i want to kiss her but
she won't let me
you know there was once a time at all that long ago a few years ago we couldn't play that on
the ear that was one of our censored pieces of material what does that tell you
and that leads right in its segways right out of this facts which is a new one
we had this story yesterday in texas about the t-shirt
another habitual t-shirt violator this one in o'cala
jury selection began monday in the trial of a 24-year-old florida man
a trial they're having a trial over this okay
charged with obscenity over a t-shirt featuring a bearbreasted none
and calling Jesus a profane name how do you like that a bearbreasted none
probably this their married calcant
Jesus that sums it all up i guess record store clerk Andrew love was wearing a different
the record store clerk wearing a new t-shirt promoting the british death metal
ban cradle of filth in november when security offers it no calcant
told him to turn the garment inside out or leave before he was able to reverse the shirt
o'cala police showed up arrested him and confiscated the shirt
the shirt shows a bearbreasted woman in a non habit reaching between her legs
on the back are the words Jesus is a using the crude term for females in atelia
the seaword i know it's offensive love said since when it is against the law to be
love continued the shirt was not obscene but prosecutor steve rogers no relation thank god
disagreed love was never jailed on the mr be near charge was released on his own reconnaissance
if convicted he could be fine a thousand dollars in sentence to a year in jail along with all
those other habitual like pot smokers probably florida law defines obscenity is something the
average person believes would appeal to a perian shameful or morbid interest something is obscene
if it depicts or describes sexual material in a patently offensive oh here we go at this again
and lack serious literary artistic political side to the value which means that none of those
postcards that they sell the Amsterdam on street corners out in the public would they be able to sell
here of course like the ones that has showed the pope sitting on the throne taking a dump in this
community meaning o'cala the t-shirt is definitely political said loves attorney jim rike he said
the case had sparked an outcry from fans of cradle of filth civil libertarians and those of the
anarchistic bent rike argued loves arrest amounted to unlawful prior restraint because police
officers determined on their own that the t-shirt was obscene merriam county judge sander edward
stevens rejected that argument and opening statements were expected to start in case two day another
habitual t-shirt violator so don't give me no sign of answer about american first and then the
rights because we don't have any that's what it boils down to we have the word police we have the
bumper sticker police we have the word police now we got to god damn t-shirt police remember
in hollywood not too many years ago in mayor of galante had the t-shirt police arresting the young
people in hollywood beach first of all why would young people want to be in hollywood beach anyway
with all the old frogs but number two they were wearing t-shirts that said disgusting things which
were like by the way paledons and insignificant compared that one so there you go with some more
good police work in america as the uh... you hear the boots stopping all over the place baby
so those rumors must be right this they must be planning on uh... unloaded this joint
we're sure that all it's all over the place i heard a rumor on the radio just a little while ago
the q a ms being sold that's what i hear oh my god you listen no mad there's no way that i could
convey to this audience how desperately we george and i and so many others but now speak for ourselves
how we pray that that's true pray is then understand like i said i'll turn to religion i'll become
born again i'll be i'll put on my white shirt in the tie and ride a bicycle i do anything okay
that's right i'll even put on that magic underwear i don't give a crap anything at this point
just to try to bring that to fruition and make it a reality because these people here man i and
they are clueless it's not like they're a little bit off they're way off in la la la they're so far
removed from anything that has to do with radio broadcasting that it's like we're talking about a
chinese freaking laundry and they could even screw that up and i forgot that chinese restaurant but
it being hangs out i'll get around with just hang with me pal one of these days i'll play with
here's tamarack hello so new yes sir well responding to the article that you just read about
the t-shirt yes sir yeah i was working in plantation seven years ago near the corner that you
talk about a lot that was built out of university uh-huh i read you the food style of the crop
hanging out right and uh the guy i was working for uh why were the spitting goods we had a lot
of this great t-shirt and uh we got the word that they had been in the barcloth huh yeah and we got
a complaint um from one of the cops that said a woman had called and they were going to come down
and they were going to you know confiscate the shirt and so forth yes because they probably wanted
to give away his gifts to their girlfriends but anyway uh oh my god i told the boss i said just
leave the shirts out there and what the chips probably they may and we're whether they're not
going to get the football where they may write exactly but if you could fervent any any uh took the
t-shirts down and turned them because you didn't want any problems i was i was willing to let it go
out really yeah what a block of shirt like you see there that you know i i think it of course
amendment will protect me but i guess all right i guess you're in a dream world man you're at
la la land there's no first amendment it's an arbitrary thing the cops make it up as they go along
oh you find that that's offensive that's obscene okay we just read and these were just uh they
weren't even that was great uh you know uh compared to what you're talking about but it was
just latitude that uh you just mentioned uh and and it's interesting enough that you're you're
in plantation the cops uh they were very good because they at least took us off and they tell
us what was going to happen yeah yeah they've been very friendly to us that those are what you talk
about that only from the coffee of that place right oh they sure do well i make a good cup of coffee
i'll tell you that okay congratulations sir i'm glad and i'm just responding and i'm glad you
cleaned up your act okay bye bye we got the dirty language t-shirt police going out baby you have
to be kidding me what the hell are you doing in uh what are you doing in Amsterdam and you know
yes i love this apartment we have it you're welcome to use it how we are we are one block from the
marijuana hash um you team we're uh which means we're a half a block from the red light district
you're damn windows closed for christx all you need to do is get the munchies that'll be the end of you
it's true we don't need any you don't need any assistance
Neil i want you to use this place i love it i love answer them and it took six days to get a phone
yeah but it is wonderful the food's great the bakery is no fish food launched it on
no no i just want to send you 11 kisses and i that way here will be back in New York when
they in far other sanny and i want you to use the apartment it would be it would be a joy to share
this all i definitely will you got it and uh how's the weather there now uh you know it's not too
busy 56 degrees it is it's there's surprise he said it's a very warm winter yeah but it's such a
civilized town yeah uh we are on by by by just i wouldn't i you you very like me rarely do you make a
mistake but i watched uh you know one of the tapes you sent me with the excerpts from uh midnight
blue yet and the one where you were talking about Amsterdam or what a great country it is yeah
Amsterdam is a city not a country i don't want to be confused the Netherlands Holland it's got two
names but last time i checked Amsterdam was only a city but you know only that we had a country the
whole country would be like that i know but with a joint in my mouth i didn't care yeah that's true
how you feel and most of that movie i'd see your mouth on something else but i don't want to
go into it we don't want to talk about that we don't i'll be back in town next week i'll
to see you in fact that's when i had a relapse i was feeling pretty good and then i put that video
in just to see what it was about i watched watching you apply that tongue and sir i mean oh
watch the lab dancing having any kind of a sexual experience is such a gross up man you lose your
appetite for months well i think you know he's never heard his death i'm a wait a minute wait a
minute you never you never heard just a second i think i'm going to more on you see your talking
when you listen that's a gay club you moron you're looking for the glory hole no the guy to dumping
i know mr. al goldstein presents the art of taking a dump oh what i like to do is place a
pv tray is run only when i go gives me a way of expediting the fool i enjoy
i have my corn flakes today corn is good it goes right through
it also helps to have a few pictures of glory a letter around
but what i truly enjoy is the luxury of bathroom acoustics i always keep a karaoke machine nearby
this way i can enjoy the acoustics when i sing
fart and open and splatter and sploop and skew and spray it and strain in my heart
don't care if it's real or a fart so when you have to make don't hold it
when i got a juice i'm teaching my unfortunate best junior at 940 here and if i feel good when i'm
doing the best at neo watcher on 560 q a m
