We reflect those of the QAM easily read acquisitions or the recent broadcast group.
Now, Neil Rogers, a sports radio 560 QAM.
We need some help.
We need some help.
Here's our business.
Oh, that's fine.
I know that.
That I did rather do it to this.
Now, if the guys are said to be picked up for way to prove a food I can.
Now, if they picked up the Johnny and the Trisky,
they're not allowed to do something I see.
I got a 10-a-litre chair as your.
Oh, baby.
Oh, right.
Open it for not a spending chair as a sheet of grease and grease.
Oh, baby.
Johnny's in a spending in the desert for a sheet.
Hey, baby.
Check it out for not to talk about Tuesday afternoon.
I bet that it's so free I can't tell you from it.
Hello.
I'm sorry, but I'm so too far from there.
The window's too straight.
The jet-lagged box keeps holding the key.
I might care if I'm actually.
This earth is dancing out.
So I'm not going to throw it.
The Christmas day is super cowardly.
A little positive stop to keep his foot down,
giving him around the tricks of praise.
The 1970s, I don't know,
Carol D. Durr,
she told me to find out if my baby Carol liked it.
Oh, baby.
It's a lovely theory of intensity.
You can prove it.
Oh, baby.
Open the credit of being a gerund machine.
Don't want to put your smile on the back this morning.
Why not?
Who's better?
Beach boys or the guest who?
The guest said, oh, thank God.
Thank God we got off to a good start this morning.
We're in agreement on that.
Bad news, by the way.
I hate to start with a sour note.
Some dead people.
Going around to bitch.
God works in the serious ways.
Every now and then he reaches out with that ugly finger.
And I wish he trimmed those nails by the way.
People are starting to talk.
Reach is now what I imagine.
I'm tap people on the shoulder.
It says it's your time, baby.
Peter trip.
Does anybody in this audience remember Peter trip?
No.
Any of you New Yorkers out there?
No.
Come on.
Peter trip the curly headed kid in the third row and WMGM.
No.
He's dead.
Peter trip DJ Guildian Peola scandal.
Peter trip a popular distockey in New York in late 1950s.
He's a career peak when he stayed awake for more than eight days as a stunt.
But later plunged when he was convicted of accepting thousands of dollars in Peola has died in North Ridge, California.
He was 73.
Trip's career was indelibly tarnished by the 1960 Peola scandal, which the better known Alan freed.
And several other distockeys and radio station employees were indicted on charges of accepting money for record companies in exchange for playing their records.
He back in those days they'd give money instead of like coke.
Yeah.
Trip attracted just as much national attention though for his sleepless promotion gimmick for WMGM in 1959.
He spent 201 hours in ten minutes awake much of it sitting in a glass booth in time square, spinning records and battering it with microphone three hours a day.
When trip began to fall asleep nurses shook him doctors joke with him played games with them and gave him tests to take.
After a few days he began to hallucinate seeing cobwebs, mice, kittens looking through drawers for money that wasn't there and sitting there to take mission to drop the hot electrode into his shoe.
It felt like an electrode he said.
Trip was indicted a few weeks after he was done on a charge that he accepted $36,000 in Peola, which back in those days by the way was a nice piece of change.
He was found guilty of commercial bribe, refined $500, given a six month suspended a sentence.
Suspended a sentence.
Trip left WMGM all but penniless as a lawyer said and bounced around the radio business.
Sounds like Johnny dark to me you know what?
Another one of those radio bounce around kind of did beat guys.
Trip left WMGM all but penniless as lawyer said and bounced around the radio business as a journeyman disc jockey taking spots at KYA in San Francisco.
KGFJ in Los Angeles and WOHO in Toledo, Ohio.
WOHO in Toledo.
Trip who spent his last years in West Hills, California was married and divorced four times.
He has survived by two sons and two daughters.
He's dead.
Is there anybody in this audience who remembers?
No.
No.
Killed a couple of minutes with that though.
And even worse.
And it's interesting he gets a bigger orbit here.
I guess because they figure there's more than New Yorkers here.
That must be the reason.
He gets a bigger orbit in the paper than the pop singer Oliver.
Oh my god.
Boy!
Only 54 had two hits in the 60s and guess what boys and girls he's dead.
God damn it.
Of course a lot of people when they heard those songs they thought he deserved to be dead even back then.
Treeport Louisiana, William Oliver Swolford.
SWOFFORD.
A singer who under the stage name Oliver had 1960s hits with a song.
That much of this more people in this audience remember Oliver than Peter Trip.
Yeah.
No question.
Even you remember Oliver.
Sure.
Peter Trip?
No.
Anyway, head to 1966.
This song's Good Morning Star Shine and Jean Jean Amorbit song.
Yeah.
Good Morning Star Shine with like you know upbeat, like real bubble gummy but it was okay.
Like one of those bright flower power.
One of those really baked.
One of those things you'll see on TV all the time in these little infomercial things were to song the hits of the 60s and the 70s.
Flower power music.
It'll be on there.
We don't have it here unfortunately.
Good Morning Star Shine.
That was okay.
But Jean was kind of like Maudelyn.
Jean Jean.
Anyway, he's died of cancer.
It was only 54.
In 1969, Swolford's recording of Star Shine from the Broadway musical Here climbs number three on a pop charts.
And the ballad Jean reached number two.
He turned throughout the 1970s.
Then left the music business in the 1980s and worked in the home construction and pharmaceutical industries.
Home construction.
He was a carpenter.
If I were a carpenter, you'd be dead like heron in the Oliver.
Swolford's wife Becky said the last time she...
I mean, these stories there are there are no happy endings with people in show business like Peter trip.
He would left WMGM all but penniless.
And here's pop singer Oliver who wanted to be like a carpenter's helper or something like that.
And pharmaceutical industry means he was a drug peddler.
A pill pusher.
Swolford's wife Becky said the last time she heard him sing it was at a church fundraising event in 1999 during which he was asked to perform his two hits.
Hey Oliver, can you sing a melody of your two hits for us please?
He's dead.
Good night.
He died.
And there's another obituary that they don't have completed on here.
It says keep watching this spot for the official obituary of 940 stupid talk.
Coming very soon.
I mean these ratings the most amazing story is not who did well but who like either didn't show it all or right next to it.
It's unbelievable.
It's mind boggling to us.
First of all, very jackass.
How come you're not writing any articles very jackass about as usual being way off base again, sweetheart?
Promoting on the front page is the mining here once again shows their tremendous power the clout of the herald.
Yeah.
You can't complain about their cloud because they don't have any mold.
Put it on the front page tried to bury us with this wafn piece of crap with his turd burger at 1950 on the radio dial or whatever it is which nobody can pick up.
They've been on the year they started in August.
They were going to blow this place right off the mat.
Another all sports station in the town that doesn't know sports from their ass.
August September October November December five solid once actually did a little promotion during that time more than we did which anything would be more than we did.
Couple of billboards crappy billboards little TV stuff.
I mean you know a little attempt here and there.
Have they shown one?
Anything one Iota in any demographic in any trend in any any of those five months.
One diary no no.
The only people who listen to wafn are the people the sports thirds we've told you this before that's the truth work on the station.
Running around saying oh yeah those two Jews they got midday those guys are very very funny and entertaining and that that the sports are from channel for Jim very he's really funny.
There is nobody listening about radio station.
I think they'd be an excellent replacement for you once you retire right.
But the thing that's really staggering in this rating book I mean it's just unbelievable.
That 940 thing just keeps amazing me I checked out persons 25 to 54 which is men and women 25 54 that's the target demo of a station like that.
In the morning our good close personal friends suds and what was the other one's name on Rick.
A point two that's 6 to 10 am which even includes the first hour feels take are you sure yeah damn it yeah.
It's 0.2 50,000 what when I'm doing this break stop and figure out with your calculator with your advocates out there what how much per watt is the 0.2.
How many watches they have to pump up to reach one person it's unbelievable it's tear jerking or jerking it.
10 minutes after 10 to 5 60 wqs no portion of this broadcast may be reproduced without the express written permission of wq am.
I know that the Lord even loves Neil Rogers.
The Bible if you like the book you'll love the board game introducing go to hell from Milton Bradley the board game that tests your face in God while challenging your knowledge of biblical course.
Okay everybody ready. All right first question the mix on hair at the bling what were male pattern.
The mix on hair at the earth right you move ahead five faces you other guys go to hell go to hell the exciting game where you win by forming a deep personal relationship with God before the time runs out.
Okay on the seventh day God did what a golf you went to one of those all you can eat lunch places on the front of the round wrong all of you go to hell.
It was a good book but now it's a great game go to hell the biblical board game from Milton Bradley and speaking of that I wonder how God attacked the brunch at one of those all you can eat brunch places.
Fine brim stuff. Oh that'll always work for me I thought maybe just unleash some of those wasps or maybe some books anyway 10 16 to 5 60 wq I am speaking a radio let's take a call or two make sure our phone system working today because they're a lot heavy plate here today.
Big heavy duty plate. Here's for a lot of day. Hello.
Neil yes sir how you doing buddy great happy Wednesday.
You too I got a couple issues I want to discuss with you. I don't know the guess who but I don't like you too what is it.
I got a couple issues I want to discuss with you. Yes first off I don't know about your opinion but mine I'm sick of dare.
These people the newspapers in the media going going crazy over there I mean the guy died their time as he died.
Yeah I mean the big mouth to be a saint I don't know if you know this guy has seven kids in three different state right he's no saint.
No in fact there's a who was it was it any the Pope or something the one of the jackass sports writers wrote this morning a whole emotional article.
Greg coach I was Greg coach actually had that figures about how well he wasn't perfect but I beat by the band and you can understand why they had this big ceremony it was like I don't don't understand he was a football player you know.
Yeah he was a football player I mean he was he was less of a scumbag than a lot of others and more of a scumbag than many others but he was a scumbag.
Stole cars when he lived down here when he was a scumbag no matter how you look at it the guy.
Yeah but he's no he's no he's a van der Holymoly field though he couldn't match him.
Oh he only has seven kids only got seven kids he's got like how many 19 and 28 different states.
Just five different women and 26 more by his but his wife and then he was speeding driving like a maniac.
Right that that part of it is to also I mean come on this guy call a moment saying I feel bad but he caught I mean he's you know we're seepals don't drive like an idiot you're not you're going to be very depressed when you find out that
Josie Lambeats making excuses for Cecil Collins it is column in a sunset in the morning I don't want to read it because I throw up all over it.
His defense team is turning up info to back up its claim that the diesel and his neighbor accusing him of burglarizing replace may have been romantically involved before he was net then a neighbor accuses says Collins and Tina Nolthi
were that he was in the apartment several times before as arrest alleging that he she didn't know who he was before but she saw him on TV and he was in there doing
Hanky Panky and of course lures is it's not true in the audio.
Another course they forget Josie Lambeats everybody else forget that Cecil already confessed he be confession and that if he was in there having sexual
Hanky Panky with her it's a little bit unusual of five in the morning that you remove the screen window and try to bust in through the window but nevertheless don't
use them with a fact he was just looking around.
Yeah another thing this is totally unrelated but I'm just curious I keep seeing when I get off the exit from 9.95
Yeah these they're bombs basically on bomb their homeless people they say Harold homeless for the hell or hell for the homeless.
What is the Harold guy to do with the homeless?
That's what I'm asking you they're wearing these orange shirts that say Miami Herald for the homeless and they got some rinky pink newspaper not the regular
Harold but some other thing I don't even know what that.
Oh the homeless here oh yeah.
You know they have the L Harold for the Julio's they got the Jewish Harold for the Jews and now we have the homeless here for the homeless.
Is that what it is?
Yeah I don't understand why the Harold would be like yeah I mean it's just two pages it just shows all the locations you know all the street corners the intersections of I 95
Where to go which ones are available and how much it costs.
Yeah but why do I mind the Harold key shirt?
I don't know we'll find out what that's all about because I know we have a lot of closet listeners at the Harold.
Okay, I'm worried they're just a lot of guys that used to work at the Harold until they found out they were Jews now they put them out on the street.
No these were just old bombs.
Not that I'm saying the Harold's anti-Semitic you understand but of course they are.
Let me ask you do you know who Peter trip was?
No I'm not old enough.
No but it's certainly Oliver.
I don't know I wasn't born in the 50s I don't know how.
You believe me did miss a thing have a great day sir.
Later.
God bless you there you go he wasn't born say this is the thing that makes me feel so good about life is that there's some living and breathing people out there not old parts like me.
Like George says the old man and of course he's an old man compared to most of our listening audience.
Well that's true I was thinking at this morning I was in the show I don't know what made me think this.
I'm old enough to be the grandfather of a lot of people listen to this radio show.
It's one thing to be the Godfather.
It's nothing to be the father and it's nothing to be the grandfather.
Yeah or your monkey's uncle or your mama.
I have a feeling WTMI is going to dump that classical music crap you know what?
And crap is the operative word I mean I've gone through periods of my life when I you know I listen to classical music I really can't tell you why.
I have a much wider a much broader musical taste than some people I don't want to mention any names this morning George but I have a much broader musical taste and much better musical taste than a lot of people who think they know something about music which they don't.
But at any rate and I've had like I said those periods when I listen to some of that Mozart and Beethoven and Chopin I do like Chopin but I don't know it's like a phase that you go through.
And now the of course the the groupies they're all up in arms because Cox broadcasting has bought up WTMI allegedly for 125 million that's what bluff was saying this morning in between weapon and tears out of his eyes.
And the rumor in the building before I get back to TMI and Bob Green and all this other good stuff the rumor in this building since I'm going to start rumors about TMI is that bluff lent is going to be the PD at the kiss of country kiss our country kissing shot kicking station Schmidt kicking.
Because Bob what's his name? Okay took his bad win went up to other country station in Philadelphia with the losing the rants.
I don't think he's got the hair piece for it myself.
Bluff Lindsay and in a pickup truck with with a doberman and country music I just can't picture that scene you know I see some pretty strange things in my time but I just can't envision that scene but that's the rumor and you'll never guess I don't want to say it was Donnie be in gildy and a hallway speculating on this stuff this morning.
But guess who they're saying is going to be the PD of QAM once bluff goes over the kiss.
Oh and of course that'll be the day I take early retirement.
I mean can you even envision that it's depressing enough to see in this one with the tears in his eyes every morning okay that's depressing enough to start your day but walking in in the morning and taking a look at that.
Oh Jesus God with that prune face far still the mind of his I mean this guy's an imbecile.
What what are you gonna look like that he's he's not he's a no talent no personality imbecile he wouldn't know already off your stuck a big circle and a radio to God and this day they would make him the program director well you know I mean what are the choices how many sports maven to you got in this town.
I say if that happens if bluff goes over the kiss we change the format I mean Danny's leaving Danny and Jimmy that's all over you heard them struggling and desperately groping on a sports show they got nothing to talk about.
They're talking about Dave Dombrowski and the Marlon pictures this morning is anybody interested in that nobody gives a flying crap about that.
There are there are three people in the world that care about the goddamn Marlon's including John Henry.
He just wants to stay there but he don't give a crap about the Marlins.
So there's that would be a perfect time to change the format.
No seriously that would that would be a good way to like as a buffer to prevent the other rumor that I'm going to start about PMI from taking place because Cox broadcasting the rumor that I'm starting today is is going to make FM talk out of PMI.
Yeah Bob and Tom in the morning I'm going to be on a midday.
Rick and Suds will go back in the afternoon where they belong right and then we'll put oh maybe watch her in.
Yeah put her back on her and I she and Bob always got along well.
Rekindled the old WI.
Yeah because certainly if Joseph Gackie comes in here I mean that paved the way for my exit immediately and I'll say okay I want to be on FM a signal that they can actually hear as opposed to.
Like AM which I've told you for years that AM blows and it does speaking to that.
Now that we have these ratings that let me see if there's any other AM stations.
That really show here like anywhere up in the top because here's the men 25 54.
Which thank God even in spite of that awful October when for some strange reason Arbatron couldn't find our audience.
But nevertheless in spite of that meant 25 54 midday.
We're number one.
On an AM station with a signal like like that.
Zeta hot XDJ would at salsa crap I don't believe that we're sure that those are wired diaries by the way.
You're not fooling anybody whoever owns that piece of crap.
Look what 94 who was like I said oh he makes me violently ill.
I may have to re-kill the story about the day that he enjoyed Reynolds took me to dinner at that formally Italian restaurant there on Broward Boulevard remember those days were you around that day I was in talent but trying trying to under the gun to the pony guys a total lie by the way Russ Oasis that they were starting a goddamn talk network to try to because I wouldn't I wouldn't go to them under the original.
They try to get me to go to dinner and what they wanted me to do was to sabotage Rick and Sud so that Joey could get on the guy then afternoon show at that time which in those days they were on the afternoon that was the whole purpose of that dinner which I walked out of about two thirds of the way through.
Yeah they wanted me to go to Bob Green and get Rick and Suds fired so Joey could get his skinny little talentless ass on in the afternoon and play with his four little groupies on the radio.
That's Russ Oasis for it anyway getting back to this big.
Smegma Smegma was dropping by leaps and by another six months Smegma will be history.
They can stick that disco music in there.
Correcto. Kiss.
You know Salazar Rock with that four-year now they didn't have any summer book at a five point but there must have been some Schmidt kickers in from out of town for the summertime or something because it's generally about a four pretty consistent.
In fact if I was Bob Green I'd probably think of putting some like urban country on there on at the TMI.
Yeah so I like some good country music.
Blow kisses ass right out of the water.
I'm sorry.
Try and forget about the good country music.
Well I'm talking relatively speaking I mean I don't like country music anymore than you do all I do like Marty Robbins, a white sport coat in a pink carnation I don't catch.
Like I said you're a taste.
But then again after grandma checked the unzipping his pants when it was a little kid you know it kind of went to his brains.
Only one South Florida radio station has a hammer.
Weak day afternoons at two sports radio 560 Q.A.F.
That's the honey tune yes.
Hello. I'm Lowry and May.
And I'm Bill Kennard Jim in a lefty.
We're here to thank all of you for not paying attention to anything we do.
And I'd like to thank you Mr. May for all the women.
I've had my share of horse but you outdid yourself by sending Mariah Carey.
My pleasure Bill.
Oh and that's the bottle of wine.
Yes.
Left of my car sheet.
Don't mention it Bill.
Why without your help clear channel corporation couldn't have assimilated every radio station in the country.
Now why not tell everyone the exciting news about the new FCC.
It's kind of hard to find you can take your tongue out now.
Well from this point on the Communications Act of 1936 is no longer valid.
And the Federal Communications Commission will now be known as Friends of Clear Channel.
But you still can't say do do all the air right Bill?
You say Mr. May.
Say how about another one or them satellites?
Certainly.
Oh say hi to Willie.
Walk your mouth boy.
1031 at 560 WQM.
Here's the fact that this is your absolutely right.
Jessica does suck the element.
Wait a minute. What was that?
Jessica Jackie does suck but anything that keeps him off the years a good thing.
A little quick on the trigger finger there.
Yeah.
Joseph Jackie.
Here's a man with no personality, no talent, no knowledge on the air.
He says dull is here in the goddamn test pattern.
How would you like to have the test pattern on a radio?
Yeah.
It's just like a like a tone like that like a 60 cycle tone like the old Sandy painting radio show.
So anyway, here's a they're already writing letters to the editor in the hero.
They're already whining the little groupies out there all of them.
And this is what happens.
I said it.
You're just morning.
This is the truth.
If you like to hear harmonica music.
You're entitled to go out.
I'm sure that if you find some of those old records,
like blue note records, they got Johnny Palayo and the harmonica cats.
Some of those old Columbia from the 50s harmonica.
See I was going to say CD records.
Those plastic things that they used to call records,
pornographs.
I'm sure that you could find those and take a moment, listen to them.
But don't expect to be put it on a radio because first of all,
radio as you know is a whole business and number two,
you're supposed to be able to make money doing it.
And number three, there ought to be an audience large enough out there to subsidize whatever craft you put in on a air.
You have to find a niche.
You have to find a target audience kind of like a stupid talk is found.
A point.
What's the point?
So the idea of a classical music station,
especially in a market as sophisticated as this one.
I mean, it just is just absolutely unbelievable.
And of course, why do I say that?
Because you're sophisticated, does that mean necessarily you like classical music?
No.
And you have your nose up on the ear and you listen to the National Public Radio, WLRN.
See that's a real pseudo intellectual.
As somebody who listens to public radio and WTMI and believe me,
all ten of them, they're in the same, they're the same fish and a barrel.
You'll find them in the same pseudo intellectual barrel.
But their nose way up in the ear, they're all much more intelligent than all the rest of us.
And much more heavier than that and much better off, considering so on.
And they're entitled, like I said, narrow casting.
In fact, the Schmuck, this real punch from TMI,
Ask God's word, so tell you what a Schmuck this guy is.
Woody Tanger, president of Marlin Broadcasting.
I told you, does anybody care about anything named Marlin?
No.
Even a fish they don't like so much anymore.
The baseball team, the radio guy?
No.
No.
He says, I'm not a betting man.
I've been surprised many times.
But if I had a big collection of Beethoven CDs, which I do,
I wouldn't be betting on what station will do, what a station will do.
I have no idea whatsoever what Cox will do with TMI.
I sure might as well try to figure that out.
Are they still trying to figure it out?
Yes.
In any case, Tanger said he has a back, here's the best part.
A backup plan to keep classic music alive, albeit not necessarily on the radio.
We're going to continue live classical music on Marlin Broadcasting's website,
www.vatovin.com.
All right.
We believe the future of classical music is on the internet.
We've made a conscious decision to be the world's classical music radio station on the internet.
What's wrong with that?
That's fine.
If you want to be the world's harmonica station on the internet, be my guest.
If you want to play Zimfer and plays the hits on his, what is it?
The skin flu?
If you want to play it, be my guest on your internet site.
Not on some radio frequency that you're taking up.
That could be taken up by something that might be entertaining.
What is it that you're finding in there?
You didn't find that Oliver thing, did you?
No, I wish.
What is it?
Mozart.
We're going to play classical music?
No.
The last day we beat Bob Green and our old friends and I would eat the punch.
That's right.
We're starting to play classical music today here on QA.
We just had Bluffland, who came in and gave me the memo.
It says, as effective 1030 this morning, February 16, 2000, WQM announces a format change.
All classical all day!
Feature hard out what he's hanging.
You piece of the record, by the way, it's got four still, wants his money.
Will you give it to him?
Come on, he wants the money now.
No.
Yeah, listen to that.
I mean, what kind of a person he listens to that?
Like he said, it was a failure.
Yeah, my collection's really nice, but you know, watch his name in Clockwork Gorns,
what's up with his name?
Alex.
Alex, he listened to the song.
I liked the music video.
The one band, yeah.
Lovely, lovely.
Yeah.
And he listened to that.
And of course, he listened to it a little bit too loud there for a while when he was kind of tied up upstairs.
And his eyes were rolling around his head.
He sure did have big eyes, didn't he?
Malcolm McDonnell.
And then of course, that also wasn't the only thing he had that was pretty big as we saw in that scene.
What was that thing that was hanging down there in that, huh?
And that privilege of snake basil.
Yeah, that was basil.
Wow, he's got to have someplace to hide him.
Ludwig Vee.
And of course, he was a little bit strange.
So I guess we could say that people in the classical music, I mean, you were entitled like whatever you want.
And all you TMI, all the people are going to be crying, all tenia.
Here are these letters to the editor.
No more WTMI.
Please say it's not so.
And Tom Jicke.
Thanks for mentioning my name again, Tom, by the way.
Even though you are bald and sometimes stupid and behind the time is you're okay in my book, Tom.
Talks about the future.
It says despite WTMI sale, music's future is secure.
That's the headline.
And then you read Tom's column and that's not what it says at all unless you're talking about on the internet.
I don't know what that means.
See, this is the amazing thing about newspapers, which usually get it wrong.
And that is that the person writes a column or an article, whatever it is.
And then some other person writes a headline.
And does the headline always match the article?
No.
And in some cases like this one, it doesn't make any sense at all.
Because Tom Jicke goes on to say about Cox broadcasting by NWTMI.
He says broadcasters have to speak carefully during the period between the announcement of a sale and the approval from the FCC, which generally takes about three months.
However, Bob Green, remember a little Bob Green?
Hi, remember Bob Green?
General manager of the South Florida Cox property did nothing to assuage concerns.
I love that word.
Am I pronouncing that correctly, by the way?
Yes.
I know how it's pronounced, but it's one of those words that when you say it doesn't come out the way that it looks.
You know what I mean?
To dismiss concerns, to sue with concerns, to minimize concerns of classical fans, when he issued a statement saying, we will be exploring all in italics, all his emphasis, format options, including classical,
determine the course of action that can provide us with optimum ratings, revenues and sheerhold of return on our investment with a minimum of risk.
I did, those are my emphasis as I added there, minimum of risk, you cowardly bastard, you are Cox broadcasting, especially Bob Neal up there in Atlanta, you little twerp.
I've stepped on better crap than you, Bob Neal, okay?
And I'm not calling you up to wish you happy birthday anymore, because Cox ain't buying this radio station.
Did I ever tell you about that?
About how Bob and Cheryl got me on a phone that time, about a year and a half ago, whenever the hell it was.
Be sure and call up in Atlanta, beginning his inside line, to call a little Bob Neal up there at Cox broadcasting, and wish him a happy birthday, because it's gotta be like closer to two years ago.
Certainly after we started.
Remember all the rumors that were flying around every day about somebody was buying us, and it was usually Cox broadcasting was buying power and kiss, and this company was going to force them to buy this radio station.
But at any rate, so I called up Bob Neal and pretended that I wish them happy birthday, but I beat Pataboo Pataboo, and did anything ever happen?
No, so I'm not going to do it again, okay Bob Green, although I'll tell you what, I'll talk on FM.
That's the future of talk radio in America.
We'll call on this on happy birthday again, it's, if what?
If they make that place all right.
Yeah, for about a million and a half a year, I'll be more than delighted.
We got about three million in building right off the bat, we can bring them no questions asked, just move it right over there, as soon as this station was all classical.
Whatever the new format is going to be, yeah, I love that.
I'll keep that going.
Beat that Oliver crap any day of the week.
Beat the garbage that you met there playing on power 96 down the hall, that boom, boom, boom, that garbage there playing on her.
Oh God, they play crap.
They play the worst frickin' music.
Man.
They don't play just music for punks, they play music for retarded punks on power 96.
There's anybody in this audience who listens to power 96, let's see it on the phone, okay?
You got five seconds to dial it up, five six seven, oh five sixty, times up.
See anybody on the phone?
No, nobody listens to power 96.
Anybody who listens to TMI, you got five seconds, five six seven, oh five sixty.
Times up.
Anybody who listens to that salsa crap on WXDJ, three seconds, finds up.
Wait a minute.
WQ I am.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes sir.
How you doing, Neil?
What station are you listening to sir?
Power 96.
Oh my God, I'm so sorry, we'll send you two in the call us in the morning.
We'll send you a pair.
Look at that, we had a few people listening to power 96.
Rhymes with, of course, they're not listening right now.
No, he's not.
Well, of course they're not listening to power 96 right now.
But anybody who's not listening to power 96 right now, would anybody in a rhyme line listen to that crap when...
Damn, come on!
He's on the air.
No.
No way Jose.
Oh, that was Jose.
Twenty-four minutes.
We're going to live it at 5.60 WQ I am.
I'm losing it today.
I'm just loaded.
I'm just full of it.
Speaking of being full of it, kill the music place.
We don't want to play that over Pompano Park spot or maybe we do.
I don't know.
I might add a little flair, a little something.
You can listen to some music.
You can take your heads out there.
They take, get you a nice table at the dining room on the sixth floor.
Take along your little Sony Walkman.
In place of my, I'm moat, the Mozart and my tart and the retard and Beethoven.
Yeah, and Bach and Brahms.
In fact, get some of those rocks, their candies are pretty good too, those droplets.
And just keep Pompano in your post and enjoy the classical music while you're losing your ass.
But where are your fudge back in?
Rick Riley stole my re-cake.
Oh, I like the march in his face.
That's Marmy Dink, what gives him the right?
Oh, I think his wife bought a fight at off time night.
Rick Riley stole my re-cake.
What, what, this trace to the human rage?
Oh, Rick, you're a smuck.
Hey, Goldberg sucks.
That wheel of meat should also include Rick Riley's butt.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, Rick Riley stole my re-cake.
I like the march in his face.
Damn.
Rick Riley, you're an asshole.
Yeah.
I love this show.
It's 10.45 at 5.60 WDQM.
Whatever happened to them, huh?
Doesn't make you feel sick.
Very sad.
As you watch all of these people, it's kind of like that Peter Trip story, you know?
Here he was on top of the world.
50,000 Watts, 10, 50,000 Dile WMGM in New York.
Even as a kid in Canada, in New York, I had my white Emerson radio.
And I used to listen to the top, whatever it was.
Top 30, top whatever they used to call it.
Top 40, I guess.
Countdown on WMGM.
Used to come in pretty good.
And listen to Peter Trip.
How do you like that?
I'm probably the only person alive in this town who actually to listen to Peter Trip,
who didn't live in New York.
I mean, if you live in New York, that's no big deal.
And then all of a sudden, the big scandal.
Suspended a sentence.
Bounces around from one town to another at all these Vomfort radio stations.
Topeka, Albee, and Michigan.
The Taven of New York, Geneva.
All these other marginal, and then the Dyes broken penniless.
And you just say, what a horrible thought that Rick and Suds are going to wind up the same way.
I need help with a 0.2.
And why do they have a 0.2?
Because Peter Bulger.
How many times have I told you that?
The assassin, the man who destroys everything in his wake.
The man who's got more naked pictures of everybody that he's ever worked for.
This guy must have not a drawer full.
He must have a file cabinet full of naked pictures of the paxons of the queer channel people of David Ross.
He's got pictures of David Ross with a Billy goat, you know what I'm saying?
God.
And still keeps that job.
Destroying every life that comes into destroying every career.
Even poor Phil Henry.
Are you sure?
I mean, take a look at that.
Part of that one hour, one four, 25% of that point too.
You take away 25% of that.
That's what does that leave?
25% it leaves like a, uh-huh.
A point one, a point 15.
And that's like that.
Jesus Christ.
They don't have 25% to give away.
And I can just envision the day that I'm going to read a horrible start.
Get up in the morning and read the thing about how Rick and Suds got on a flat car.
And they're like a panhandling across America.
Maybe they're going to be in those orange jumpsuits wearing a horrible homelessness thing out on the street corner.
Keep your eyes out for them in Broward County.
For Rick and Suds out there in the morning, instead of being on the air with that point to share.
I guarantee you now I know that we got people listen to power 96.
That was just a joke.
Even though I mean, what choice you got.
Is there any good news of station in this town?
No, of course not.
The only choice you got your CDs.
But I think it would be a tremendous test.
If we can find anybody who still listens to Rick and Suds.
You think it's possible?
I mean, we actually have had people who admitted listening to that page.
And I'll be honest with you, that would never admit that.
Subging members of what's your such as the trip guy?
Oh, yeah.
You didn't have a conversation with him, did you?
Yeah.
Oh.
Do you remember screaming Jay Hawkins?
Yeah.
Dead.
No.
Yes?
I put a spell on you.
Died in Paris yesterday.
Oh, no!
It's like a guy named Epidemic.
He also didn't call to say that.
Oh.
I'm sure Suds didn't call that.
Well, that makes us feel like duties.
What is it?
The point to where the fact I mentioned that he may have called on here or on the off-ear.
Hey, listen, when you got a point to is he going to be worried about that job?
No.
No.
I feel bad for him.
And for Rick.
Rick is misunderstood, you know?
I mean, sometimes he's a prick, but nevertheless he's misunderstood.
He's okay.
We like him.
Those were the good days.
Those were the good times.
I have to spend 90% of my time screaming yelling because the guy didn't phone didn't work.
We had pretty good times in those days.
And then they stuck them on here in the morning.
I mean, I could just battle on for four hours here today.
I could just take a trip to battle on and do it.
About all the mysterious stuff, the the ins and the outs, the rumors, the stories and Reneerie getting tan and getting paid off for like almost a year.
They had just resigned, Reneerie, like two months before.
They sure were a brilliant businessman.
They are a Cox broadcast.
And if you ever read their newspapers in Atlanta, by the way, you'd find out what a bunch of idiots they are, but you're redneck Yahoo's.
Although I guess they know their market up there.
Plus not to mention listening to WSB in Atlanta, another Cox station, which oh, God almighty.
Yeah, that's about where it belongs.
But there were all these stories, you know, back and forth about the well, Chuck Meyer, they brought in Chuck Meyer to do that morning show.
Should we do news? Should we do entertainment?
So we run in Chuck Meyer, who was a great news guy.
A great news guy with a great voice with great credibility.
And by the way, thanks to our close friends at Atlantic City Sub's again, not only for our subsidy, but also some soda.
Since we don't have any water for my good friend, what's his name?
South balcony. It's only water.
She even forgot for a second how soon they forget when you don't supply the guy to him, so they water.
So you could drink some of that olive oil, but in any rate.
Oh, that olive oil.
Yeah.
So they put the Chuck Meyer thing on it.
And of course, I had to take the blame for that because I ripped him on here because it was a, it was a crapshow.
He used to always stupid phoneers, those awful phone interviews.
Anybody remember that? Oh my God.
Yeah, a lot of work went into that show.
Yeah. Well, you sure as hell couldn't tell.
And then to prove that Chuck Meyer was no entertainer that he was a news guy and should have stuck to news.
See that breaks my heart.
When you do something well, do it. Don't try to be something else like Donald Trump.
There's a classic example. He's a BS artist that makes a lot of money.
Just go do it. And he finally said, I guess I don't want to run for president because I'm a schmuck.
I'm a dummy. And nobody would vote for me. Anybody nobody's that dumb anyway.
How's that before party coming by the way?
You do know that just even to a quick the party.
Yeah, of course. Yeah. Last Friday.
Nice go on there, Jesse got out just in time before they had that embarrassing brawl there.
What a joke. Yeah. Yeah. They're like, uh,
minting each other. They're a little slap by they're missing each other.
Like the vangu boys in that video, which you'll never see in this country, but at any rate.
And then of course, we had I mean, just all the little stuff that went on behind the scenes that it was always Steve nickel.
I wonder what was in that drawer of his, you know, I wonder what was in there.
Pen. Pencil. Yeah.
Paper. Yeah, something else that begins with Pete like Susan.
What was her name? I had pitch powder. Yeah.
Yeah. He's okay. Oh, Steve nickel. He's my man.
Remember the day he called us from a wonder if that station is on here in Jacksonville.
I'd be big in Jacksonville. When I know.
Well, I'm y'all who's up there in the room where I'm hearing is that their football team beat our football team 60 to the seven in the playoff game.
Just not that long ago. That's a room where I just heard.
We be gigantic up there in Jacksonville.
They don't have just like a bunch of sports nerds up there.
They have people I can discuss all kinds of intellectual stuff like classical music like WTMI.
Can't ask my smart joke, by the way, Kevin Spacey, Sissy, Spacek, or Yaros Batek.
Now he's he's supposed to be the greatest actor in the world now, Kevin Spacey.
Would you buy that? No. No. That's that's all right.
You're supposed to say that. Sorry.
An American beauty. Did you see that? No. It's got heard it was great.
Seven thousand nominations because that's the big thing everybody's supposed to be talking about which I got here, but I can't talk about it because did I see any of these movies?
No. No. So how can I talk about it?
Oh, I do think I am going to see that Matt Damon movie.
Mr. what was the name of the movie?
Looking for Mr. Goodman.
No, yeah. That's what we're just thinking. That's not what it is.
No, the amazing the sinister Mr. Well, what else in the minute? Goddamn movie.
Wait a minute. We'll find it here.
To tell that Mr. Ripley believe it or not. That was the name of that movie.
I'm thinking I might just go see that because I do like Matt Damon. He's okay.
I mean I scale it 10. I give him about a seven.
But the previews make it look kind of interesting. Plus it's a fag thing, you know.
And I'm always interested in seeing those fag things.
Uh-huh.
Speaking of that, here's a call from Milton Manners. Hello.
Oh, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Great.
I'm just trying to ask you about the pin your pin on the championship with the Toronto Maple Leafs.
You think the championship with the Toronto Maple Leafs?
Yeah, do you think they'll win the cup?
No.
No?
Do you think they'll win another game? I think there's a much better question.
Not to why I think we'll they win the cup.
So how's your public doing?
My public is doing great. You're going to have a wonderful day.
Oh, was that guy of any material?
No. I mean, I'm telling you.
The championship with the Toronto Maple Leafs. Does anybody know anybody that's left on the team?
No.
Mess with success.
That must have had my maybe Mike Disney, maybe some of the people from a cast broadcast.
They maybe Bob Neil was involved in that deal with the Maple Leafs.
All these horrible deals just broke my heart watching that.
I thought it was pretty good game last night. Tampa Bay and the Rangers.
Over time, two two tie very exciting game.
Certainly the overtime was unbelievable.
Rates my heart to watch Frederick Modine and Todd Warner and especially the great Mike Johnson.
They're playing for Tampa Bay for a girls team.
When the Leafs can't win a fixed game these days, but then does anybody care about that?
Oh, he's going to be at that Ranger Panther game tonight.
Oh, I'll be there.
I'll be there with Belzona.
My friend Ron, the big flyers fan.
I hope he's less than today.
I hope he had a chance last night.
Oh, he might have to he might have to call and sick and not attend tonight's game after seeing Martin Broderg.
I think it's a good credit for a goal that the flyers knocked into their own net while it was a delayed penalty.
That's really got to make it and that was the that was the clinch of goal in the game.
That was the decisive one.
That was the straw that broke the camel's hump.
They got a delayed penalty called against New Jersey.
They got a chance to get back in the game.
And they're passing the puck around and all of a sudden, oops, somebody gets bumped and it goes off his stick right back to his own empty net.
Because the goal they came out for the extra attacker and they scored their own net.
And the last man for New Jersey who touched the puck was Goli Martin Broderg and he gets credit for the goal.
Anybody out there ever see a goalie score goal?
No.
Oh, a wicked way to lose.
They grow test-quave.
But nevertheless, well deserved by the obnoxious fill it off your flyers.
They make me sick. They make me nauseous. They make me want a barf.
But do we want to talk hockey?
No.
Now, let's talk about Peter Tripp, the curlyhead of Kid in the third row.
And about WTMI, what they ought to do with that format.
And about Bluff Lindsay going over to KISS.
And about poor Rick and Suds.
Do we have anybody called by the way who listens to Rick and Suds?
Besides Suds, yes.
Yeah.
Come on three.
And what do they say?
They say we listen to Rick and Suds.
Oh, thank God for that.
Good.
Well, I listen.
You do?
Yeah, every once in a while.
Two or three times a week.
You know the worst team on this radio station?
These are the why?
1056 at 560 WQM hits.
Jim Manditz talks sports.
Oh, right.
Right here.
On sports radio 560 QKL.
OK.
What are those on your feet, shoes?
What else?
S-O-C-K-F.
You just said kiss my f***ing cantony.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Don't be sorry.
Hey, what's that around your waist?
About spellet.
B-E-L-T.
You just told someone to f*** off in Zulu.
Oh, my.
And that's just one of the many techniques you'll learn
with the National Profanix Language Couset Program.
National Profanix can have you cursing in Spanish, French, Italian, German,
and a host of other languages in just a few weeks.
So call 1-800- f*** you today.
Because the most important thing you'll need to know about other cultures
is how to tell somebody off.
Hey, buddy.
S-O-C-K-F.
Nobody home.
They've all left for the day.
OK, 11-1 at 560 WQM.
Mom, just the one here is voice again.
OK, I just miss him a lot.
Start licking.
No, thanks.
Not that much.
Yeah, we had some good times over there at Google, WI-G-D,
but those days are gone.
You can't live in a past.
You can't mullinger in the past.
It's all gone down the drain.
And we can thank Bob Neal for that and all those other goy-em up there in Atlanta
for selling us out.
That's what they did.
They sold us out.
How many million?
How many billion dollars do these big goddamn companies have to make?
Before they have enough.
Bill Gates, Wayne Hypinga, John Henry.
All these other grave robbers.
How much do they have to have?
How much do they have to squeeze out of your ass before they have enough?
In addition to which, don't most corporations need a good tax right off?
No.
Huh?
Don't they need a good moment of money-losing, money-laundering things?
Sounds good to me.
They just don't know how to do business over there.
That's their problem.
Although I shouldn't be saying that because we're just dying to go on WTMI.
Where is WTMI in the dial?
Do we know?
Are they 100,000 watts?
Do they have a great signal?
I think they do.
Do they have to have a class CFM?
I don't know.
Huh?
Well, somebody out there will tell us, I bet you we got at least one person in this audience
who listens to WTMI, somebody with some taste, with some class.
That's just a bunch of crude scumbags who fart a lot and pick their nose all day long.
Yeah, that's the stereotype of my audience.
A bunch of crude truck driving scumbags that belt and fart all day.
Which I mean they may have a point.
Well, what's wrong with having a bunch of scumbag truck driving?
And here's a pig report on a alley speaking of that.
Hello?
Hey, I'm a truck driver.
There you go.
Hey, there.
Bradley County's finest there.
There was some public conditioning.
Who is your pay-it-all, validator alley?
Yeah.
The phone, y'all.
Really?
Oh, yeah, right there.
I put it in the car.
Thanks for the good news, pal.
Love you, Nell.
Slow down.
Okay, see there.
You asked for it and you get it.
Sometimes, not usually, but once in a while.
Anybody out there see the talented Mr. Ripley?
No.
Should I bother go see him or shall we wait for him to come on TV?
Is it really that good?
Well, it's just the fact things are probably most of you
wouldn't have seen that except maybe the guy who wrote the manners.
Who had nothing to say?
I feel bad about that because that guy, I mean, he waited for quite a while to it.
What is him?
You asked for the power, right?
A TMI?
Yeah.
And a frequency.
Oh, 93.1 is a frequency.
I thought we all knew that.
No, I did not know that.
How would I know that?
I've never listened to that on that.
Isn't it preset number one on your car state?
Yeah.
Number one, two and three, just to make sure, have you ever done that with stations?
You have more than one preset just to make sure you don't miss a bank one and bank two.
Right.
Okay.
But people are calling up with the frequency frequency frequency.
And yeah, we got that.
93.1, but they're not either power.
They wouldn't know that because that's an inside thing.
I mean, listeners would know the frequency.
They wouldn't know the power.
They might know power 96, which is right down the hallway playing at pump, pump, pump, pump on that crap.
That's pumping crap.
And by the way, I hate to break the news to you out there.
All you bigots.
But there's a hell of a lot more white kids listening to rap music and sparsers.
I'll tell you that right now.
No contest.
Yeah, it's the white kids that are listening to all that illiterate rap music.
That's what we're worried about.
The black kids, I mean, what do you have?
What's the, what can that hurt?
You know, they're going to do any harm.
No, no.
Because so many of them unfortunately are brought up in families where they be speaking like that in the first place.
What they're trying to do is pollute the minds of the white kids in the suburbs, like in crawl springs in western.
In western.
Where they're selling crack on every street corner.
Crack.
Go.
Go.
100,000 watts someone called to say that's what I just said.
Class C F M. That's what that means.
Classic.
Yeah.
Classical.
So there you go.
W T M I 93.1.
A perfect spot for my F N talk radio station.
What do you say Bob?
Come on.
Let's get Bob green on the phone.
We'll get Phil on the phone doing Bob's voice.
Are you sure positive?
Come on.
You can do it.
They don't have the balls to do it.
What would this sense be in the first place to do it at the already got rid of us once.
Because they couldn't make money on AM and of course the philosophy of F M especially with that company being the cheap tricks that they are almost the cheapest clear channel but not quite.
The philosophy on F M is that it's got to be a ju-box your station.
Low overhead don't pay any talent and just pump the hits just find some musical format.
What if we talk in play classical music in the background?
Urban downtown hip hop dance Ukrainian.
You know they got all these different pre it's all crap.
And that's what you get no no originality no personalities.
Certainly nobody that wants to make more than five bucks an hour and that's their philosophy what F M is all about it's a cash cow.
It's a ju-box.
Here's a mobile in adventura hello mobile in adventura.
Hey Neil how you doing great.
TMI in the morning's got a show called Buck and Roll which isn't too bad.
And LRN's got a Sunday morning show called the Prairie Home Companion which is kind of hokey.
But when you're not over and there's really not too much choice.
Yeah it's true.
That's it.
Okay.
Have a good one.
Thanks so much.
Bye bye.
There's a guy who listens to TMI and LRN and admits it and admits it how do you like that.
Have we had anybody who admits to listen to a Rick and Sud?
No.
A couple off the air and nobody on here why not.
Whatever happened to those days see they broke up that old gang man never be the same again.
And I'm sitting here wondering to myself after I after you had that call off the air from somebody impersonating Sud.
How do you get up I mean it's one thing you know I get up seven o'clock in the morning that's really enough for me.
Crawling here about eight thirty eight forty five.
But how do you get yourself out of bed at four or four thirty in the morning to go in into a morning show.
And the ratings come out and they keep every month they retrend to keep going down and down and down and you don't have that much to start with.
And you finally get down to a point two and you still have to my I guess it's survival is what it's called.
Yeah it's that instinctive thing that we have to need to survive need to get a paycheck.
It's got to be that because what other motivation could you have when it's so unrewarding that there's no tangible evidence that anybody's listening out there.
A point two.
I got to be very honest with you I think that if we had a point to on a show.
I don't think I could motivate myself to come in.
I was just calling you know say a few words on the phone every day and then let's you play Ukrainian with classical music play that Mozart again.
Let's talk and still probably do more than a point to don't have any Frederick Chopin I do like show.
Yeah.
Polynesia number two hundred and forty eight.
In fact don't let's play that back to back.
No more number five and the holidays number of six.
560.560.560 on the AT&T line.
Pretty upset about the Rick and Suds book.
What the hell was that?
Yeah I know it was a wicked number.
A point.
Oh!
Six, six, six, six.
F*** her in front of Jesus.
Oh yeah,
I'm not gonna be standing up together.
Ellie is holding their ass TV.
Don't get better.
The chef is just like in late tonight.
She's the first to found.
You're gonna see stands full of the guts.
If Wendy's around.
They're standing,
part and tile, and they're talking dirt.
And at least once a week is here.
Thank you, Wendy.
You're back, Ellie.
Oh, it's so weird,
but the wonderful,
and can't be faced with jealousy.
He can't hit in the head.
And then he said,
the rats know it him,
and then they eat it.
They eat it.
Thank you, Wendy.
You're back, Ellie.
Okay.
You want to know what I think?
What?
He's doing something today.
He's got the hiccups.
Everybody's doing something today.
It's 11.4 C.
At 5.50 WQM,
we got Hank in the studio again today.
By the way, thanks Hank for stopping.
And he left me the New York Post yesterday.
With the picture of the priest.
Remember the story ahead about the priest yesterday?
Father Dennis Brennan,
who became Denise Brennan.
Remember that story?
And the New York Post on pages eight and nine
in the yesterday's edition.
It says, why this priest wants to be a woman?
And it's got not only the original priest,
which boy, oh, is she a lady or what?
I'm talking about the picture as a guy.
Woo!
Talk about Denise.
He makes Denise pot-bam lookbook.
She's a fact in the church.
And then on the other page on page nine,
here is a picture of Father Brennan
shopping in the supermarket with his little cart.
Here's Denise.
With the wig, women's clothing,
and looks lovely.
Looks like a nice old lady, huh?
And the reason they're upset about this,
it's got nothing to do with gender crossing,
with sex change,
and has to do with the idea that if they left him
in the priesthood now,
they have to have a woman priest.
Can they do that?
No.
They're pissed off about that and fired up.
I mean, just one more fag in the church
that doesn't bother them at all,
because generally speaking, they're the overwhelming majority.
They're like almost unanimous.
They have one or two token straight guys in there.
One or two people that don't need a good shrink.
Oh, and God, oh, and wait till you hear the name of the person
who wrote this column.
You better put that sandwich down.
I'm not making this up.
This is in yesterday's New York Post.
Reveal sex change plan and letter to flock.
And basically, it's the same story I read yesterday
that somebody faxed to me from the Reuters.
But the name of the columnist that wrote this,
and there's his picture.
In fact, he looks just like a father Brennan.
He looks like a real prevert.
His name is Frederick Udicker.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Hey, Frederick, why don't you, uh,
cheeseburger for me, yeah.
His name is Frederick Udicker.
There's no fact in the church.
Right.
But anyway, there it is.
And Denise looks lovely.
I'm telling you, she looks like a wonderful lady.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
We got 600 open lines here today.
We got a lot of heavy duty important stuff going on.
We're looking for the Rick and Sons audience,
but can't seem to find it.
Oh, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 0, 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
Liz Wilde's spy reports.
Any of those hanging around?
Yeah, lots about the fact that Pete Volger has to keep going
in there and dragging around with the studio.
And they can't clean all your old stuff.
Clean all my old stuff.
You know, the stuff that's locked over in the DCF.
Oh, that's good.
Nice going there, Liz.
We're just wild about your choice, sweetheart.
You get back down to the negatives again.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Look at this enthusiastic response again here today.
But unlike yesterday, which is my first day back from vacation,
do I care today?
No.
No, because the phone is working fine.
And life is great.
We got a nice free meal here from our close friends
at Atlantic City Sub's in Hollywood,
which they are the best.
They're great.
We love them profusely.
And even said over a big bottle,
they stopped and picked it up.
A big two liter bottle of caffeine-free diet coke
because a lot of water and soda in here,
because South balcony is laying down on the job.
Come on, Sally.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Fort Lauderdale.
Yeah.
Bad chance of you're asking none here again, Schmuck.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 0, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Boy, and he was under a long time too.
Who better than Gun of Year?
Is it too bad?
Oh.
You're an asshole, man.
You're an idiot.
You're a Mooron.
No material.
You're about as funny as a broken leg.
Here's Jacksonville.
Hello.
Jacksonville.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
OK.
I was just calling to extend you the offer if you ever want to get out of that.
One horse down.
No.
No.
No, not coming up there.
Come up to Jacksonville.
No, not even to visit.
No, these people got nothing to say either.
If it ain't about the Jaguars, they got nothing.
I hear a rumor they beat the dolphins in a playoff game 62 to 7
as the rumor that I heard.
I heard a bunch of people talking about it was Mark and Tommy and Mark and Tommy and Danny and Jimmy.
Uh-huh.
And Danny and Jimmy are both gone now.
So what are we going to do now?
I don't know.
I guess punt.
I still.
OK.
Have a great day.
He said the people in Jacksonville got nothing to say.
I guess he was not the producer good guy.
He just didn't have too much material.
I call a rest of you.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the 18T line.
Am I eating any york in today?
Uh-huh.
And this has got too much fat in it by the way, but I'm eating it anyhow.
I feel great on my low fat high fiber diet, but he's cold cuts in the cheese too much fat.
I'm just making an exception because I wanted to get the soda.
And it worked.
You notice how it worked?
Here's a mobile in Hollywood.
Hello.
Mobile in Hollywood.
Yeah, how you doing?
Yes, sir.
I was calling about Rick and Sets.
I've listened to him a couple of times lately and it's just got really ponderous.
It's not funny anymore.
Doesn't seem like.
I don't think their format works in the morning.
I think they're much better afternoon drive.
Absolutely.
Format.
You know, it's like half the time now.
They got Gilbert doing something and I find that really.
Oh, I'm funny.
You know, an act of desperation.
You know, and.
They used to do like the payphone challenge and all those kind of things that were fun in the afternoon.
You know, and.
Can't do that kind of stuff in the morning because people were going to work.
I think what's Adam bailed out on him.
I think that was the end.
Yeah, well, they got to have somebody who's willing to go out and get arrested.
That's right.
Be the field guy, you know, because they don't have that.
And.
And I don't know.
They're humor just as kind of gotten stale on me.
I.
I tune him in.
I mean, sometimes you don't think I've noticed when I tune over there, it's always on commercial.
Yeah.
I mean, you know, how can it be?
I don't understand.
It must be some of the lot of cheap spot square channel because how do they sell these shows that I got like point twos and point five.
Yeah, but what's the point?
You know, let's see a.
I listen to some of the competition, you know, when they go to commercial law, they'll out over there to see what's up.
And every time I do that, they're on commercial too.
Now what my.
And I'll wait.
I'll wait for a minute or two and see when their commercials will get over.
Yeah.
And their commercials don't get over.
And I tune back to the other station and their commercials are already over, you know, you know, okay, listen, hang on.
I used to enjoy them a lot.
Yeah.
Have a good day.
Okay.
Goodbye.
I'm here and he's clicking and popping noises and I saw something really grow test cap in there.
I want to punch up line four here.
Hello.
Now did you see that?
I just punched up line four and it went out.
There's no dial tone.
There is nobody on here and it just went out by itself.
Now here we are.
I'm I'm feeling.
I just get you sing only moments ago that I'm feeling great.
I don't give a right to ask.
And here we are the second day.
There's line four.
There's line four.
There's line four.
There's line four.
There's line four.
There's line four.
There's line four.
There's line four.
There's line four.
There's line four.
There's line four.
Yeah.
Alright.
When I was at it just blonde
Yeah.
It's justla Rozipio, I said that
I was just about to do.
I haveting one here.
That's back.
I was able...
You know, I don't have a right now on here.
You don't hear what I got at all cranked up this one.
6.5.
I got a down turn to the second gear.
5.670560.560 on the AT&T line.
Let's see if they're going to work today or not, huh?
Great mystery of life.
They're really expecting a lot of energy on this to get to the bottom of that.
And they're going to spend all that money on that big fancy, fancy,
phone system and guess what?
Is it going to work?
No.
No, because they still can't get to the bottom of it because they don't have the rest of my elbow.
Here's our last call, mobile and navel.
Hello?
Are you aware that Al Rantel is doing info marshals on the radio?
No.
Yes.
You're helping you.
And they played like it's beat it up.
Alus Rantel?
And it sounds like a chipmunks video.
Yeah.
And the first one I heard was on a colon cleanse.
And now he's going on for Alabama.
Welcome.
Yeah.
I just thought you'd be interested.
Thanks for the good news.
And not interested, but thanks for killing about 20 seconds.
Okay, that's it.
We're out of business here today, I guess.
Boy, talk about a fast turnaround.
We were going along there pretty good.
And then all of a sudden we started having some phone problems.
Some mysterious phone action here on his phone.
See what's going on here.
Seven won't even stay on.
I punch it on and it won't even stay on.
Look at that.
It goes out.
Come here.
We don't have that.
We show for about 10 seconds.
Your line seven doesn't seem to be either.
Five six seven oh five sixty.
We're going to be playing music today pretty quick.
I can see that to give you a chance to eat some more sandwiches.
Out of town line is eight seven seven eight five sixty three forty five.
Any hear that?
There's no difference.
There's nothing that's changed here.
It's making popping and puking sound just like it wasn't we before.
I left for a vacation.
Putting this new different instrument here didn't change a goddamn thing.
We got to your one phone.
I'm resetting the phone in the other room that popping.
Yeah, well, what does that mean?
They're resetting the phone trying to see if that this is a radio station that cannot put a phone system on the.
The air to do talk shows that work.
This is on be it's on a heard of in the history of the human effing race.
This is on a heard of.
This is like a there would be like Ford motor company and general motors and Chrysler unable to build an automobile engine.
And expecting you to buy their product.
We can't make a phone system work in here.
Here's a mobile and pop it'll be chill out.
Yeah, yes sir.
Why do you guys always make fun of the Haitian people there?
Here's a mobile and Hollywood.
Hello.
Mobile and Hollywood.
Hey, all it's up.
Okay.
I call to see if you think the bar is going to kick the panthers butt tonight or what?
If I think he's going to play them all by himself.
Oh, they're going to give them about 25 minutes today.
No, I think the Rangers are going to get their ass whips and I think they're going to like life and death.
Oh, I think they're going to have life and death for a higher pamphletine cut against the girls team last night.
They got a tie.
Oh, that's because it's like Kevin Kirk.
Yeah, Captain Kirk.
If it wasn't for Captain Kirk, they would have got their ass whipped.
Okay, so call me back when you know something about the game which you don't just like everybody else in this town.
I saw the game.
Okay, sir.
What?
It seems to be working.
It's pretty exciting.
Yeah, mobile and Miami on four is actually working.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, what's up?
Yes, sir.
You're on a magic line, sir.
How about a magic line?
The only one that works here.
Hey, aren't you wishing you would be back in Amsterdam or what?
Yeah.
These people down here are really dating a lot.
Okay, thanks for your material, sir.
56670560, Pompah.
They have no material.
Not even 1130 in their own material.
Rick and Suds and Suds and Rick and Jimmy and Danny and Suds and Danny and Rick and Jimmy and Davie.
Kim Volkapper talks sports.
We can't right here.
On sports radio 5668AM.
She roams an ancient mythical land wearing body armor, taking names and kicking butt.
That's not even a killer!
But in the quiet moments, a loaded camp she was plagued by anxiety.
She is?
What if that guy had friends and they come after me?
Oh, what if I got out of provisions out here?
Oh, what if I'm tight cat to the left, man?
Sina, where are your princess?
I hate you, I hate you, I hate you.
She knew how to handle a fuddle attack had gone by a bunch of heathens in fake fur with Australian accents.
Gabrielle, what's this like?
Just to take the high down!
But Sina, where are your princess?
Couldn't handle a panic attack had met night by a bunch of nagging doubts.
Oh, my outfit, the little skit rice, and the baby.
I think I'm starting to walk like a girl.
Oh no!
Now even I think I'm a lesbian!
Sina, where are your princess?
Wait, after some other show whose time you can never remember.
Oh god, I hope we don't get canceled.
It's 1131 at 560 WQA, and I think we already did.
I think we've been canceled here on this station.
567O, I asked yesterday about the WSDJ,
I had to go for an hour and 20 minutes before I get one person to tell me what that was.
I asked about the talented Mr. Ripley, if anybody has seen it, is it worth going to see?
Have we had one call about that?
No!
No.
This is a town where the public...
It's not just hockey, it's any topic you pick, I've told you this before, and it's the truth.
You pick the subject, can they talk about it?
No!
They know what you're talking about, can they have an opinion?
No!
No!
And I'm supposed to be doing a talk show here in this town.
With a bunch of people who's basic, uh, general comedies...
EEEE!
That's what they got.
That old guy, the Red Wing fan, that got dumped, they will never get on the year again.
These things, like I said yesterday, the people that call are the ones that you never want to talk to again.
That bitch that calls yesterday, she went and bet on Hank's horse over the weekend allegedly,
and therefore somehow she's in her convoluted mind, she's got a notion that I owe her hockey tickets for tonight's game.
Do I have any hockey tickets to give away?
No!
Did I say anything yesterday about giving away hockey tickets?
No!
She's not even listening to God damn show!
But she takes time out of her busy day of work to call me to suck around for hockey tickets,
which I don't have in her first place, and if I did she wouldn't get them anyway.
That's the nature of the population in this town.
Gimme, gimme, gimme, gimme, gimme.
What are you giving away today?
What do you got?
Because I ain't got nothing.
Here's a mobile and West Palm. Hello.
Uh, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how you doing today?
Okay.
How are we doing?
We're doing good for about, uh, an hour and a half, and all of a sudden we ran a brick wall here.
Hey, I'm not looking for any free ticket turning thing.
I get tickets to the Daytona 500.
I'm heading north on the turnpike right now.
Yeah.
You didn't know, uh, what's your pick was for the Daytona 500 on Sunday?
My nose.
It's for nose pickers.
Yeah, you don't have a favorite?
What do you mean by that?
Who's going to win the race?
I have no idea.
Do you think I'm into auto racing?
You think I hear about that craft?
You don't follow it?
No, not in the least.
Come on.
No way Jose.
America's favorite?
Four.
Yeah, and vanilla ice cream is the most popular flavor.
Have a good time, pal.
Get out of here.
America's favorite sport.
Next to golf, how about that tiger hot?
Who's my pick?
I'd rather talk to the guy that called yesterday.
Want to know how I arranged my plate?
Wasn't that it?
Oh, how I attacked him a faith.
I'd rather talk to Don Deloise about how I arranged my plate.
Remember that?
That was, that was a great line.
It was chastising junior for how he run, how he runs his plate.
And I agree.
You saved the best up for last.
Not me.
Well, you'd see again, you're out of step with reality.
It's just not the way that intelligent people operate.
You saved the real good stuff for last.
Say, if something is the saver, like the potatoes are rotten.
You save those like right till the very end.
Like the green beans, the wax beans, eat those first, or the peas.
Okay, whatever you save, pal.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's the mobile in four-letter, huh?
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Neil.
Yes, I am.
Oh, I didn't think I had to there.
Here I am.
Listen, I got a delivery company, right?
Yes.
Work one day.
And there's a delivery ticket there from the Archdiocese down in Miami.
I know that you're a favorite people.
Oh, yeah.
Right, so I'm looking at the delivery ticket.
And it says, a big expense of bedroom set.
$25,000 they spend on this bedroom set.
To take some million dollar house in Coral Springs to keep their little priests there happy and living in luxury.
And so after I see this ticket, I need to go to church all the time, right?
I say that.
I'm contributing my money every month or every week for this church.
So they can go out and spend $25,000 on a bedroom set.
Then I can't even afford a $2500 bedroom set.
And someday they might need some of your money for a sex change operation for your priest to buy them.
Yeah, right?
So then I quit in the church.
I quit going to the church, right?
But my wife still goes.
Why is that?
So last Sunday she goes to church and what happens?
The Archdiocese in Miami has a special announcement.
They need more money because they want to do another project.
Uh-huh.
I told my wife, you have one more thing of my money over there.
And I don't have the money.
You're ass, right?
Yeah, right.
Sorry, let me tell you.
I can't even, I haven't been to have the things that I want to do in my life and I got to give money to a church.
Well, at least while you're still breathing, wake up and sniff the daffodils, man, before it's too late.
I'm telling you.
When they asked you for money, just say, no.
This telling my Nancy Reagan told me, just saying, man.
That's how they give away stuff to the poverty for people.
Okay, God bless you, sir.
Yeah, right.
God bless you.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
It's called my stock guy yesterday afternoon had a lengthy conversation with him having a meeting with him again this afternoon and I said,
lonely $50.
And you know what he said?
Yeah, 5, 6, 7, 05, 60 pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
I don't think he knows his ass from IEL, but I'll fight out this afternoon.
I'm a little bit skeptical of this guy.
A little bit skeptical.
When somebody is handling your money, leads you down the garden path one time.
I don't think you want to give an opportunity to do a second time.
No.
If you're smart, in other words, when he kind of leads you astray with maybe some misinformation, but I'll find out.
Give him the benefit of the doubt for about five minutes.
Anybody see the amazing Mr.
No.
No.
Mr. Doubtfire?
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Neil, how you doing?
Great.
Yeah, I'm calling about that movie.
I went to see it with my girlfriend, another couple.
And I thought it was exceeding the average, if not boring.
Exceeding the average?
Yes.
I mean, there's some faggy overtones that you might get into, but nothing like a...
I'm not into overtones.
I like blatant, you know?
Well, you're not going to find it there.
I just thought the movie was too long, you know what I mean?
But it didn't suck, but I just didn't think it was that good.
They didn't suck, then I don't want to do it.
I guess the guy Jude Law is pretty good looking, I don't know.
Who?
The actor in that movie, Jude Law, I think, his name?
The guy that played the husband?
Yeah.
The guy opposite Matt Damon.
I never saw him.
Well, what's wrong with Matt Damon?
He's okay.
I don't know.
He's about a five and a half on a scale of 30.
He's a little strange, you're right.
Plus, he hangs out with that Ben Affleck too much.
Right, right.
Hey, what's my first basketball game last night?
Not that you really give a crap, but I thought the arena was pretty nice today.
Have you been down there yet?
No.
Why would I go down there?
What do they have that I want to see?
Oh, that's true.
They have a lot of people disguised as yellow NPCs, I hear.
But other than that.
It was pretty empty last night.
Glad you got a chance to see him beat up on a girl's team.
That's good.
We're going to do the same thing in the other arena tonight.
Okay, that's one I haven't been to yet.
I haven't seen an arcade game before, but anyway, I'll be watching on TV though.
All right.
All right, that's it.
Now we're going to kick that Ranger ass tonight, boy.
What a joke.
That gigantic payroll, that overstuffed payroll, especially that Theo Fairy.
Oh, last night.
Talk about a little actor, Theo Fairy.
I'm sure he was doing something in the backseat of the car.
He wasn't asleep.
Actually, like somebody smacked him in the head.
Like this in the meantime.
There, you know, Tampa Bay is like all the way to center rice.
There, there, he's like behind his own net.
Or the other, he's somewhere lost Theo Fairy, a big, big, little tiny piece of crap.
Does that make sense to you a big tiny?
Yeah, that's right.
He's small in size, but big and crap ratio.
Of course, we know a lot of little people like that.
I wasn't talking about you.
Now, don't take it personal.
No, no.
Like what's his name, Martin Short.
Okay.
What kind of a name is that?
For God, that's short.
Approximately.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
What's the guy's name that writes, what was the Randy Newman?
The short people thing.
Right, he's short.
Exactly.
And he's also got a complex.
You got a complex, Randy, you're short.
Ha, ha, ha, you're short.
Oh, by the way, when's the Tom Green thing coming on with, with what's your name?
Monica.
There we had it.
They already did it.
Yeah.
While I was gone.
Yeah.
No, no.
It was lame.
It was a bunch of cell purses.
A Monica line of handbags.
And he participated in this.
Yeah.
It's incredibly, uh, so impressive.
I'm so sorry, Tom.
You're really good once upon a time.
You were kind of like Rick Riley.
You were really okay.
That was bad.
I should actually say Tom Green was like Rick Riley.
Get the, get the light saw, please.
They both have beers.
Twenty before, uh, noon, noon.
It's only noon.
Jesus Christ.
Wow.
For the whole 20 minutes ago, I would have thought this was a 10 minutes show today.
We're going to zip through this thing like grease lightning.
And then I hit that first fruit up phone and that was the beginning of the game.
Not that I want to start with that phone crap again.
Oh, yeah, we got a news.
Look at that.
Look at that.
It looks like the same other one to me.
Same piece of crap.
In fact, for all we know, it is the same piece of crap.
And I watched him.
Oh, you watch him actually physically do it.
And it's still a piece of crap.
Still sucks.
So the math thing and movie really blows.
So I'm sure you're glad I'm not missing something good.
Twenty before noon at 5.60.QM, I think I already said that.
Didn't I?
Uh-huh.
Maybe you know my job.
He shorts.
There was a no farmer who lived on a ride.
He's adding the meadow just chasing his pit.
That some boys who were down by the creek.
There be in the waters, there ends on their marbles and play things
and at that pass-four.
There came a young lady.
She looked like a pretty young creature.
She sat on the grass.
She pulled up her dress and she showed them her rumbles and latens
and white fluffy duck.
She said she was learning a new way to bring up her children.
So they would not sit.
While the boys in the barnyard were shoveling wrapped
you send later thrown yesterday's hunt.
While the girl in the meadow was rubbing her.
I let the fellow down by the dot.
He looked like a man with a pile of old home in the country
with a big fence out front.
If he asked her for a mic, she'd show him her little pet dog
who was subject to fence.
And maybe she'd let him grab hold of her small tender
and with the movement so quick.
And then she'd bend over and suck down his candy.
So tasty made a butter sky.
And then he spread whipped cream all over her cookies
that she had left out on her shelf.
If you think this is dirty, you can go f*** yourself.
14 still knowing at 5.60 WK, how about his little girl
14 year old Nova student.
Do you see her father on the news this morning?
No.
And his pick up truck or whatever he was driving.
Oh, well, she's okay.
This should be her worst problem.
She never saw a freight train or some stuff like that.
Now, she's harmless.
She's a good girl.
She made a mistake.
She didn't realize the severity of what she did.
What she did.
She threatened when email.
Oh, that's a good girl.
Her name was Vincent Pytoway to last name.
It's just in the newspapers.
And of course the newspapers never get a right.
They were withholding her identity.
They had her picture in the name and everything on the news this morning.
What's wrong with you people?
Is it those papers?
Can you get anything right?
No.
No, Jesus.
God.
At least you're consistent.
And the threatening letter, a February 7 email sent by a 14 year old girl
to Nova Middle School was full of errors.
And maybe that's why she's pissed off.
Did I give it a good education?
You know what I say?
I say fry her ass.
Not that I'm in favor capital punishment so much, but in this case I'll make an exception.
She wrote the letter on a form taken from an educational website.
Just remember what I told you.
The internet is good and the internet is evil.
But on the scales of justice, the thing.
The evil far outweighs the good at this point.
Every nerd, every misfit, every lunatic, every dangerous person.
In fact, our bald-headed Mike from sales down there that I saw outside yesterday,
changed book and he said, he told me, you're right.
He said, I'm the one that's going to snap.
That's what he said.
He said, I don't know what it's going to snap.
And you better not be in the building when I something like that.
And so I think I forgot something at home.
This is the letter that she wrote.
This 14 year old young thing.
I'm going to blow the school up on February 23.
If not then sooner or when you least expected, don't even bother trying to find me
because I assure you won't then don't bother shutting down the school.
Because if you do, I'll and there's no apostrophes or area.
I'll come earlier or later and blow up novo middle school slash high school.
I think it would be in your best interest to move out of the FN country.
If you think of shutting down the school with one tee.
And even if you do, I'll still find you.
So granted, just watch me.
This school is going down with Dr. Adkins in it.
And that's not Dr. Dr. Bob Adkins.
No, maybe she didn't lose any weight on the adkins diet.
Oh, it's a different Dr. Adkins.
Going down with the Dr. Adkins in it.
And if he's not in the school when I blow it up, I'll just go to his FN house
and have my own FN ways.
If I'll give you a hint who I'm I am.
We were worst mother ever enemy and see you later at your graveyard.
This school is going down with everyone in it.
Well, nice talking to you deadbeats.
And the father says she's a good girl.
She made a mistake.
She's harmless.
She didn't realize the severity of what she did.
And if you take a look at this, this is a, I don't know what pay.
It's in the B section of the heraldous morning local section.
Student held an email threat.
If you look at the letter.
This is on the inside page.
And see the literacy.
I mean, the grammar and the spelling and a punctuation and lack thereof.
And she's 14 year old girl in middle school.
There's something really, really wrong in this country.
Something really stinks.
You can smell the stench of Kalmanur hanging over this performance by this thing.
And the father says,
why is she a bad girl?
That's my suggestion that she won't do it again.
And the best part of the whole deal is that after they let her out of this whatever
where she's being suspended and held in whatever they're doing,
the audio is automatic.
She gets her ass kicked out of school which I says is a good idea.
Then let her back in the building.
And the father's attitude, just like always.
Well, you know, she didn't mean nothing bad and she's a good girl.
And this should be the worst thing she ever does.
in the yada yada yada I mean I saw him there this morning 15 to 20 times at
least doing his best to minimize life there like uh... ain't no big deal
here's Hollywood hello
yeah sir maybe she's eligible for a voucher under Bush's school plan now
uh...
uh... speaking of Bush did you know why
you see any of the debate last night no i did not
i've watched a lot of hockey games last night i had no interest in watching
uh... crap
i know you don't want to keep it but i'm registered republican so i got
a vote for one three characters come up come up
yesterday don't want any of those three
well those three bible something right wing uh... in total assholes no
i'm gonna pick the game over the other three because
bush is paranoid he still must be uh... lingering from the effects of coke
you ask anything about his past yeah
and he's like his eyes that will run around like a pinball machine
yet i saw some of the excerpts this morning they showed him uh... they showed
them screaming at each other and pointing and
and you know they're not talking about any issues at all all they're doing is
talking about who's doing the dirtiest campaign calling each other names it's
like a bunch of little children and what the spars is doing in the middle
who's got about one ten to one percent of the vote what else he do it in
their
he said he's an ambassador what country he ambassador to
your a miss
but yet at least McCain we got a track record on him
uh... so it comes every to the game and broadly a mechanic or at least you
know what you're getting yeah bush
you just don't trust them
so it's like
i agree with that if i had a choose which i would hate to have to make a choice
but if i had to choose between the king and bush will be no contest
well i wouldn't vote for bush if they are the gun to my head
and plus two he's not
he's kicking in his own money he's uh...
mccain's getting matching government funds and
wishes just getting money
all of a sudden you notice yesterday at the last moment because he's in a panic
that he's going to wind up losing South Carolina which would be the beginning of
the end for him all north to our line was really the beginning but that'll be
like the last day of his coffin
so now the sudden what's what's talking about campaign finance reform
and he's getting from all forces uh... i'd rather have a dad back in office
than him
yeah at least at least is dead and lied too much
yeah except for the taxes will have a great day you take care
and at least he got that sad about it didn't get him out no
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eight t and t wireless
line just remember that trilateral commission the builder burger is the
illuminati
just keep the
uh...
that's right
just like uh... ray louis said man the devil keeps to make me do all these evil
things he keeps sticking his finger in my uh... i just can't say no
he wheels it around a little bit and his finger too
here's my any hello
my any
you know yes sir
just remember we can fix all the problems in the school if we just have
school prayer
but hey uh... before i start my rickinson in the back game in movie
yeah
i went to one of your sponsors that went on the next
for the first time where the hell is next by the way
i don't mean where is it physically anywhere else is it on the log here what
are there okay
i think you know i go away for a few days you never know what the sales department
what's gonna happen but i've got a couple of
uh... murder of the couple of the girls
uh... the the long ones i guess i guess the aminzos
yeah oh my god they taste better than the cars that cost three or four times
the amount of what i paid
they are the best
or the the big the in men's home
yeah
all brother
well he i'm a part of the thing i like something big talk about big i just
have never seen anything that vivid and that massive yeah i would agree
uh... i'm not playing a lot of rickinson drop-ins on here is a subliminal so
maybe we can get him back up to a point three i feel bad for that i feel sorry for
them i listen to them almost every day i've read i had a diary of a waste
back
and i didn't have a real ways back yet
i have the art of tron i feel the men
you know and it's a shame because i love for a concert it's sad listening to
them in here in twenty minutes
without a call
and then having them banter back in port between the news guy in the web and the
traffic lady
and it's that i remember what it was like
when we see you and then uh...
and mike
and rick and in randy at night are hanket night
and i think exactly
and uh... they were so fun that
uh... but listening to rick
uh... you know
and i think it's that also one of your same does he found the press in
psychotic because they're not getting a response and they know they have no
audience and they're just waiting for the hammer to fall is that it
and i think that's it
i don't mean that
about being in the morning
the one good thing about being in the morning we don't have to hear
uh... rick's uh... stock market reports
so i think that was the beginning of the end
but i don't want to tell rick wants to talk about
the real beginning was the computer talk and then the real nail in the
coffin
was well uh... fair value is down to and a half and is a
uh... i mean i'm sorry but the idea of rick rally is a stock market expert to
me
is uh... i just can't deal with it
exactly but you know that i love it
and i think that i was in too long
i was kids to live i hope because i know he's been doing everything try to get
them killed you know what i was
i think that still alive i don't know how much longer rick can be alive with
everything go with the ratings and everything before he goes before he does
i want you to see did he talk about this at all they mentioned on the
year the fact that they can't find an audience or they just uh...
sometimes
just that they will sit there and you will hear
you know that talking back and forth or out of sometimes outbound calls but
it's it's a fact that i remember
you know i it's not rick and such fault you a lot of it is not you got to
blame the station for lack of promotion
dammit
uh... and you know they're they're just and then the station is not behind them
and that company is not behind them and they've destroyed rick and so it's
dammit dammit and uh... and also i like that i'm at school so it's an
also they get the i think i think that when adam left i think that was
dammit yeah
and i think that's like jumping off the Titanic it was a no-brainer you know
don't think i'm gonna talk about the new way
i'll do a time it's okay because you're rambling i got to do a break here you know
we got to get the spot on my
and i'm trying to get the spot on god damn it i'm sorry going
brinne mine saw the talented mr. rick leave the old man and look good
yeah and but also this is saying that it's a Leonardo de caprio look cute
oh jesus i'm sorry i like i like real look i like
real man real man real man real man like donny osman right
uh... anyway so it was a movie worth seeing or not
um he said it was good it was a little bit ponder she says you know
uh... madame and they made made nice i candy
yeah okay so in other words i'll wait how we till it comes in
exactly we till it comes out okay thank you so much the baddest
say hi to rick say hi to rick okay we'll see you at the kopa
i know this four minutes till noon at five sixty he said be the la
kala pinga la kopa something like that four minutes till twelve at five sixty
wqa m
the Neil Roger show sports radio five sixties
qa and wqa m
my happy boy god damn
tonight on the history channel eight all Hitler was a
monitle dictator who started world war two
and became the most hated name in the world
what about all those unfortunate some shared his last name
what happened to them all this week the history channel presents
the forgotten Hitler
it's all over the world i was doing well then this
eight of comes along that too no one wants to know from grab i
squbo Hitler so forgotten Hitler's on the history channel shows you how even
the most distant relative can screw up your life
my name is Nancy Hitler i was the owner of the biggest day care center in
america well we were about to begin franchising our business when the war
came along well all of a sudden no one wanted to send their kids to little
Hitler's day care join us all this week as once again we find a way to make a new
program out of the same 200 feet of newsreel film
before gotten Hitler's only on the history channel so what would you rather
have your name be a herman Hitler or Frederick you dicker there's
our poll questions for the day five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty on the AT&T wireless line how about a mercantiy anybody see that no
i mean it's nominated for seventy five thousand awards it must be something
the academy likes a lot so that's a problem with the whole thing with the
it's what they like and they never like like the exorcist they didn't like
because first of all i was violent and secondly was anti-cat lick and it was
just not the kind of thing that they liked
even the godfather they had problems with because it's not their kind of
movie they like like uh you know Walt Disney movies that that's what they
like they didn't like priest too much what not a Disney movie that one they
didn't like five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless
line here's plantation hello hello yes sir Neil how are you great
how about that tiger yeah uga buga uh-huh uga buga five six seven oh five
sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line how sad how really tragic
that there are people out there like that
and that's why we're nearly got kin that was one that was the last guy he had
left
fort lauderdale hello
fort lauderdale hey Neil yes sir how you doing okay uh you want to talk to a flyer fan
uh i beg your pardon a flyer fan what about it you said you're looking for the
photo of your flyer fan they call i didn't say that oh i thought i heard you say
you're looking for the flyer i mean i'll talk to you but i mean what do what do
you want me to tell you there you are well your own vacation uh do you see the Toronto game
no you then no when you're at Amsterdam they generally go out and show
in too many north american hockey game okay but um yeah we're in trouble now yeah
premos got a broken red and yeah and they go off and they knocked one in their own net last night
who did the flyers they did see you didn't see it not a future you but you didn't see the game
oh i just i just got home so i just got home when they play last night
welcome to wtmi junior
a.m. classical music it's a little scratchy on a.m. but it's all music anyway so who cares
oh my god
who do you like better Ludwig von from the music or from uh peanuts well don't start talking
about Charles Schultz now he's dead let's have several tributes to Charles Schultz what do you
say no i mean you know it's great try everybody likes peanuts even if you don't read the comics
you like peanuts right although i do like cash you's better unsalted of course five six seven
oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line
yeah the hockey you can't complain about the hockey knowledge in soft floater because there
isn't any let's give away some free tickets for the Panther Ranger game tonight what do you say
let's give away two or three does let's get some women on the line here give away some of those
tickets for the Panther Ranger game tonight so we can get ourselves a full house thirty five hundred
unsolved seats able with all these obnoxious ranger fans we got down here with their high pay
world mediocre team with that theo fairy man is here to talk about overrated talk about a mythical
legend he he's like the rascal house of hockey strictly a state of mind and believe me he knew
what was going on in the back seat that's what Graham James said that's what he told on cherry
here's Jupiter hello is Jupiter yes sir hey how are you okay uh i was watching this Westminster
dog show i saw a little bit of that is that pathetic yeah it's on USA right now and uh my folks
used to have a miniature actually they had two miniature pensions like you have yeah iconic
very neat dogs but isn't it great that they fit so perfectly in most microwaves in the
standard size micro well this is before microwaves so i don't know yeah they were both really great dogs
they were way to calm them down right there in the microwave for about 30 seconds i'm slow cook
yes sir uh so they actually have min pins in the Westminster dog show this year haven't seen
them yet but normally they do yes they do uh i don't even know what class are in but as a rule
because they're because you know they're terriers yeah exactly they're not really everybody
everybody asked me well uh well what uh relationship is it to a doberman and i say none and they give you
look like a they're terriers exactly they're crazy uh let me tell you right now anybody that wants
to go out and get your first dog as long as you got a big house or apartment and a little bit of a
yard get a golden retriever they're the greatest dogs in the world i don't care anybody can argue
with me all they want there is no dog better than a golden retriever they're better than most
people you'll ever meet yeah yeah i think you're pretty correct there i am i i have beagles myself
and they're just a little hyper uh they're okay they got a run you know they i've got a couple
acres up in jupel here yeah uh they got to be out there otherwise their day is you're head doesn't
start and uh at any rate my main reason for calling was yes sir the Rick and said thing right
and uh you know i've listened to you for 100 years no no since i'm a date county farm and i've worked
in the north line mistakes have been there for uh 18 years at least and been listened to you
that whole time wow from my and z and uh uh i od and uh rickan says you and then fill without
any without a doubt right all time best line up ever that's correct uh we had a great thing going
and again bob knee aloft there in Atlanta the people across broadcasting there's a special
place in hell for you people yeah i've got a better place where i get at least a look at him and enjoy
his face with some really uh nasty stuff on his face good he must be a flamer because uh what a
what a jerk to ruin a lineup uh like you folks were they didn't know how to make any money with
us and then we then tax and takes it over with they were totally in it and and tax and was getting
just on my show alone they were getting like a hundred dollars more spot and amazingly all of
a sudden they made all this money on it yeah well it's just good to show you that they were bad
business people is what cocks is problem and they were two of us that's with a stupid dolphin crap
just like they are here on this station they're two of us that's with the stuff that's losing them
money and the stuff that's making them money they don't pay any attention to you are absolutely
correct yes i and it's a real shame yeah let me show the old man George is a great guy left talking to
him and uh he has a good show i enjoy it when you're gone i listen to that i'd love to
tape however uh George is uh he's i know he's probably got a smile on his face but he is really
i actually he's doing something turning around the other way so i'm looking at him i said
have a great day i've got it i'll just say all right yeah he said he's got a pretty good looking
rectum but uh whatever you like pal five six seven oh five six the he just was a strange coincidence
okay maybe he was just moaning us at that moment it was a little bit of a response yeah it's too
bad about those amendments you know they're cute little dogs but to don't get one that's my
best advice it's just like that stock i don't want to mention which one don't buy it and don't
get a mint in what what do you like i didn't mention any name of any stock i just said that stock
don't buy it don't get sucked into it don't be an idiot don't be a fool in fact i talk to
somebody yesterday who's in that business and they agree with me he said oh oh boy i can't tell you
which one it is though nine minutes past noon at five sixty all i'll tell you is that George and
did we buy it no no and are we proud of it uh huh yeah the sports leader sports radio five
six feet two eight and i looked up crannies okay
okay
take them to the list take him to the right
let's take a look at it
SAL movie
The giant green ocean.
The giant green ocean.
The giant green ocean.
Prophetic at 5.50 WQM, I want to apologize profusely to everybody including myself.
You know, that guy was talking about the dogs, the Westminster dog show, which is very enjoyable, only because you laugh at the people.
Nobody pays any attention to the dogs.
It's the people acting like assholes and prancid around with a little, oh, God, it's unbelievable.
What did they look at the dogs and but?
Maybe they're into it.
Welcome.
But anyway.
No, no, listen, coming from a culture where they like take six year old boys penis out of their genes and to check and see if it's growing in the line up.
That's your people.
No, no, no.
What do you do if not your culture and your people work funny hats?
Some, the chacitam.
Some, that's not my people.
No, they're barbarians.
Those are lords.
That's what they were talking about.
That's what they were saying.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So anyway, what was it just apologizing for?
Oh, yeah, I was thinking about those that show.
How did I get sucked into that?
See, I'm really in spite of this image of being a prick.
I'm too nice to the guy.
I'm too easy.
Otherwise, I could have a 40-year.
I could do a really good show every day instead of getting sucked into the ruling the show someday because of a bunch of selfish idiots out there.
Case in point, what I'm apologizing for when I got that doggy book.
That was list.
That was probably the even worse than the days when I was doing those awful guests.
Hello, doctor.
Even worse than that.
Where's the German Shepherd on the list?
Where's the schnauzer?
Now, I got a schnauzer on your account.
That's where the schnauzer is.
Okay.
Jack asked, how did I get sucked into that?
And of course, flooded with calls.
That's the kind of thing they can talk about.
You know, I'm getting a feeling about this line seven now.
I don't want to start something.
No, maybe it's okay.
What? You're not in your head.
It's okay.
You sure it's okay?
I don't know.
Sometimes I wonder if that's feedback that's starting up.
You sure?
Are you positive?
Or is working?
Okay.
Just check it on that because that's the only one that seems to be at the moment having a little bit of indecisive nature.
Here's a mobile and key lardo.
Hello?
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah.
I just want to call you today.
They have these. They have my life.
Yes.
I got to be ready for it.
What's up?
You're at direct TV, huh?
Yes, sir.
I got my satellite dish.
I got it in Starl last night.
And better yet, I'm going to get to go tell my cable company where they can stick it.
All right.
I got my cable bill Valentine's Day.
That's some kind of Valentine's Day present, isn't it?
Yeah. Well, you're going to set up a better one.
Yes, I am.
Well, I just wanted to tell you a thing.
I'm going to Las Vegas.
Come March 1st.
Do we see the day I'll be out of here?
All right.
All right.
Have a great time, pal.
Okay. Thank you, Neil.
See you.
Bye-bye.
This guy got direct TV.
He got his dick.
There's a guy with a brain.
He went and got a dish.
He's just telling the cable company F off.
By the way, speaking of Vegas, Hank yesterday, he's poked his head in for a couple of minutes.
I asked him about the National Airlines thing.
And he did come back when he was out there in Vegas a couple of weeks ago.
He didn't come back on National and he said it was great.
He said we love Las Vegas National Airlines.
We love them profusely.
In fact, that's from all of us here at QA, especially me and Hank.
Not that we're sucking them on for free trips or anything.
Are we?
We are.
I'm sure why not.
And we even love our good buddy, Dick.
I think I probably love dick a little more than Hank does, but nevertheless.
What's your guys name?
I got it here.
I've got to believe me.
I got several messages from that guy right here in my dick.
Oh, they must have dollars named after him.
His name is Shmitzu.
Don't they have a Shmitzu dog?
He's the big shot that had a hunch here with Las Vegas National Airlines.
It's flying nonstop directly.
I got the whole scheduler, but anyway, Hank said it was very enjoyable.
And first class was sensational.
And there was big and roomy and spacious and great.
And sure as hell beat America worth, by the way, I continue here in nothing but bad things about America worth their lives.
I mean, more people that bump into me in the airports intentionally.
And then after they picked me up, they say, by the way, you were right, America worst blows.
We had a real bad experience.
Even though they've gone to the Airbus now, which is a better plan than what they were using before, nonetheless, they got all kinds of problems.
And while I was on vacation, one of the flights I guess coming back, I was reading in USA today.
One of those nice colorful list that they've got about the customer complaints and who's the back and who's the worst.
And who was the worst in each category?
You guessed it.
Living up to their name, American Worst.
So I'll pass on America Worst.
Thank you. And I'll stick with the National because thanks to this is pretty good.
And the price was right, I'm sure.
Here's Miami. Hello.
All right. Here we go.
Here we go. Boys and girls of America.
Here's what those lives that really is doing at big time.
I like it when we get one like this. You can really make...
Thank you.
Make K-Wheel a sunshine.
So see, they can continue replacing instruments in here from now until the end of time.
The fact is that there's something screwed up with this phone system.
And the fact is that they're paying somebody's money, harder and money, which they're not too happy about paying it because they don't like paying their building this company.
But they're paying a harder money to Bell South.
And they still won't demand a God damn service.
Now that shows you what a bunch of crap operators these people are here.
It's like a F-P-N-O.
Would you pay your monthly electric bill if they had the electric off 90% of the time?
No.
I don't think so. You'd probably go out and buy a bunch of candles and flashlights and then sue their ass.
And the same thing with this phone company.
If it was me, I'd have a lawsuit by the end of the day against God damn Bell South for the kind of crap service that we got on these lines here.
And then Bluffs says, oh, the supervisor was just here last week and he said it was okay.
Is it okay? No.
No. No, it is not okay.
Let me say it again. Is it okay?
No, it is not.
The piece of Smith.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Let's see if that's still on there like that because it was the no-see it's okay now.
I don't know if that.
I'm not sure if the being hung job by there.
Oh, it's buzzing.
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you? Great.
Good. I can't put my air off when you connected this. Sorry.
I want to talk about the panthers.
I want to be the only hockey fan down here that's desperate for hockey.
Yeah, we had a flyer fan calling before to hear that bozo.
No, it is.
Not only did he not know that they stuck a puck in their own net last night,
but they didn't know that they were playing New Jersey in one of the big games of the year,
which they got beat four to two by the way.
But that's the kind of hockey fans we got down here.
He didn't even know who his thing was playing last night.
Yeah, but jurors scored the winning goal.
He got credit for it, right?
Yeah, well, yeah, just because he blocked it.
Right.
But anyway, I wanted to ask you,
how can the panthers are all hot and bothered about this guy from the midi at Malacov
or whatever the guy's name is?
Yeah.
Why are the panthers involved?
Well, it was in Malacov, it was Ulenov that they were.
Oh, I have no idea.
I mean, Peter were well.
I'm so sick and tired of this crap with him and all the fights and all the other garbage.
He can't, he can't, he can't play.
And in the meantime, they got their ass kicked four to one.
It's just like the last time that they got their ass kicked by the flyers
and they come back whining and whimpering about Lindrosso's dirty and this and that.
You know something?
If you're going to play with a big boys like book campers,
then you better tighten up your jocks, draping go out there and kick some ass.
Why did they play the Canadian a week ago and they kicked their ass and then,
you know, they're not big.
They didn't kick their ass.
It was a pretty marginal game.
I mean, it was three to one.
It's hardly an ass kickin' and if it weren't for the fact that Vernon played
great, the winner won that game either.
Well, by Panther standards, it's an ass kick.
They don't score more than three or four goals anyway.
Yeah.
Even with Paul, but I couldn't believe the game the other night.
Did you see who, what's his face put on the line with, with Burrite, Melendee?
Yeah.
Oh, see the anchor.
Melendee's played with La with him this year.
I don't mind with Melendee's out there, but what do he's got,
War El out there and La with Burrite, start screaming at the set.
Listen, we'll be alright, pal.
We'll kick some ass tonight.
Well, what about the playoffs?
What do you think our chances are on the playoffs?
Whoever gets hot, it's way too far to tell.
Whoever gets hot at the right time, that's a team to be that dangerous in the playoffs.
Or, you know, keep up the good hockey.
And have a hockey.
They have a great day.
Yeah, a lot of hockey talk, right?
No.
No hockey talk.
They don't know from it.
Okay, they don't care.
Don't you understand it?
We're not having no hockey talk.
No.
No.
The best was that so-called flyer span before.
Oh, well, I didn't see.
I didn't get a home and who'd they play last night?
They pay for it.
They pay the top team in the league.
The New Jersey devil's there in the middle and they got their asses kicked for the tooster.
And they stuck one in their own net.
Nice going.
No matter how many goons they put on that team, no matter how many geno ojics they find, no matter
how many Craig Barubis they find, they're still going to wind up getting their ass kicked
when they have push comes to shove.
Let me start shoving it.
And by the way, you notice you don't see the geezer no more.
Don't see him doing it.
Oh, no.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line.
Here's West Palm Beach.
Hello.
Good afternoon, Elf.
Good afternoon, sir.
How you doing?
Both all the ships at sea.
Did you say all the shmits at sea?
All the shmits at sea.
I've got three little letters for American pie.
The movie?
Yeah.
American pie.
Or American.
American beauty.
Yeah, American beauty.
Yeah.
HBO.
Okay.
It was terrible.
Really?
Oh, God.
At the end of the movie, my wife and I look at each other,
scratched our poopic and said, what the hell was that all about?
You know, I mean, it's like you're just waiting and waiting and waiting.
Yeah.
The end of the movie is like nothing.
But it says here knockout performances by Kevin Spacey and an Ed Benning
as battling spouses were among the eight nominations for best film contender American beauty.
In other words, the people out there in Hollywood, these plastic jackasses,
one I think are on the take.
They've already made up their mind that this is the one that fits the most.
And they're just like what they like to keep all the awards to,
so you can be sure they're going to get all the awards.
It's terrible.
And in closing, the Flyers fan, you're a freaking idiot.
Okay.
We could play last night.
Did they play?
Yeah, part of the game, I guess.
They got their ass kicked.
Okay.
That was a big chance.
There was a big showed on.
There was the moment to shine.
And they stuck the joy out.
They got it.
Schmidt on.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the 18 T wireless line.
And of course, on the West Coast, are we on the year and four Meyers?
Uh-huh.
Boy, they're pretty silent.
Maybe they're pissed off because we got to delay on.
They don't hear all those nice words anymore.
877-785-6345.
Yeah, that probably would piss me off too if I turned into a short V-day.
So I could hear, and then all of a sudden I stopped hearing that.
I'd say, what happened to that show?
It's just not like what you used to be anymore.
That's the only reason we ever had anybody listen in Fort Meyers in the first place so they could hear those words.
Because generally speaking in Lee County, they're not allowed to say those words anyway.
Are they?
Are they?
No.
No.
They're not allowed to talk back, even to their sheep.
And look at that.
Right.
As soon as you ask, here's a call in Fort Meyers.
Hello?
Fort Meyers.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I just wanted to tell you, I'm a big hockey fan from a long ways back.
I just got direct TV.
I got the hockey package.
All right.
And now you're talking about it.
It's fantastic, but I got to say one thing.
Yes.
I have found that I could be watching an exciting game.
And it doesn't matter who it is.
But the commentator can put me to sleep.
Right.
The one thing that I have noticed, and I'm not a Buffalo Saber's fan, but that Rick Generette.
He's great.
He is God to be the best.
No.
Who is?
That is my question to you.
Who can you recommend?
Joe Bowen at the Toronto Maple Leafs.
OK.
The greatest hockey announcer in history, and Rick Generette is number two.
OK.
Is there anybody else?
Well, I mean, right after that, what more do you need?
My client.
I don't want to leave my cup because he's going to be here Saturday.
He'd be upset.
Yeah.
I'm telling you, man, that that Generette, and I also found out that I guess he does the radio
as well as the color.
Yeah, they style the cast.
They say that he's already on TV.
Him and what's his name?
And then he could be boring as a game, but he still makes it exciting.
What's the color, guys?
He's in the middle of the lens.
I'm sorry.
Yeah, exactly.
That did.
It's just that the announcer's really what makes it exciting.
Exactly.
I'm telling you, the great announcer makes the game exciting, and you could have the most
exciting game in the world if the answer is boring.
People don't even realize how exciting it is.
I'm almost sleep when I watch a Boston Bruins game.
There you go.
It's the best.
And then I hit it because the one thing I can bring back Fred Kusik, he's only a hundred
years old, bring him back alive.
He's probably better than the rest.
OK.
Thank you.
And have a great day.
Hey, champ, when those the scores are starting in 10 of the last team in.
We've died only on sports radio 5.50 Q.A.
This is your born voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs.
They don't come any better than Neil Rogers.
I'm going to play.
I know my name is Rosalind.
I can't take it out.
I'm Rosalind and I like them and I'm here to say they only are my Hispanic sounding game.
I've been in office for life and owe it all to you.
The bullet can fit you inside.
Thunder too.
You're a former tiny little island.
That day they 20 feet wide.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
No one else can buy your wine.
Outside the day it's County Lines.
I'm a Cuban.
I can be when it's a Canadian for me to be as bad as promoting community.
I'm a little bit more than I'm a little bit more than I'm a little bit more than I'm
a little bit more than I'm a little bit more than I'm a little bit more than I'm a little
bit more than I'm a little bit more than I'm a little bit more than I'm a little bit more
than I'm a little bit more than I'm a little bit more than I'm a little bit more than I'm
a little bit more than I'm a little bit more than I'm a little bit more than I'm a little bit
more than I'm a little bit more than I'm a little bit more than I'm a little bit more than I'm a little bit more than I'm a little bit more than I'm a little bit more than I'm a little bit more than I'm a little bit more than I'm a little bit more than I'm a little bit more than I'm a little bit more than I'm a little bit more than I'm a little bit more than I'm a little bit more than I'm a little bit more than I'm a little bit more than I'm a little bit more than I'm a little bit more than I'm a little bit more than I'm a little bit more than I'm a little bit more than I'm a little bit more than I'm a little bit more than I'm a little bit more than I'm a little bit more than I'm a little bit more than I'm a little bit more than I'm a little bit more than I'm a little bit more than I'm a little bit more than I'm a little bit more than I'm
or to a little bit for a turnover, turnover and for a particular earnings degree.
Into this moment this moment this moment this moment this moment this moment this moment things things things things things things things things things things things things things I'm a little bit harder to be a little bit harder to be a little bit more than I'm a little bit harder to believe that it's.
Isn't it president's day? Well, whatever the hell they it is. It's some
Yoko holiday, okay, and so they decided well, we'll have a gaffer noon game at three o'clock three o'clock
Do you have any idea how I'm gonna have to race out of here?
Rush home
Feed the dogs take a leak and then race over to the Mac arena to get there in time for opening face off. Is there a chance?
I'm gonna make it. No, no
That means I may have to leave a little early on Monday
Well, of course, we'll be carrying the game and what's what the hang's not coming in for a half hours
I guess we'll have guilty on game day maybe geltican start a spree game like a quarter to two or something
Give me a little head start
Three o'clock and you have no do you have any ideas? There's gonna be anybody there
No, at least I won't have to worry about finding the right seat. I can pick any seat. I can even my own rectum. Yeah
Here's a lady mobile and Delray Beach. Hello. Hello. Yes, ma'am. How are you great? What are you doing today?
Sounds like a radio show
Well, it's a good one today. I love it. Yeah, it is. It's all the way
You wanted a girl to call for the tickets. I called
You what you wanted a female a girl to call up on the phone talk about the range of games
I'm calling you're calling for what?
You said you wanted to give away tickets
You
No, what is it?
Didn't you say that?
I say what?
Give away tickets if you're not a male call. Oh no, you must be listening to Rick and suds
Yeah, I think we're you I think Rick and Sudden got those tickets
See it the game what's that I said get out of here
You know something I don't want to sound like Mr. Hot shot here, but as soon as I saw that there was a lady
Anybody was a lady mobile. It didn't happen but as soon as I looked on the screen and saw that my next call
I was gonna put my finger on a lady mobile. I
Said of myself. I bet you'd some bitch calling for hockey tickets because I joked about that before
Do I have any to give away? No, and if I did would I give away anyway? No?
We're not given crap away lady. What is it about the women in this frickin town?
Who have never anything to say to me good, bad or indifferent most of them hate me like poison by the way and that's okay
Because they got no sense of humor and they're uptight and a bunch of humorless bitches about
75% of them
But boy all I got to do is whisper if I farted just the right oh that must be the he's given the hockey tickets away flavor
That he just farted we just spelled it through the speaker
Better get on the phone and get some free hockey tickets and
Then all of a sudden these people that have no time they know all we listen every day
We just don't have the time to call you but they got all the time in the world
Whether than a mobile a stationary if they're underground a nuclear submarine if they're in God them outer space on the space shuttle
If they hear even a hint that I got free anything they wanted oh
God lady or just unbelievable just like the you know brought the call yesterday. I wanted it. Yeah
Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello
Hello, yes, sir. What's up, flat cheese?
Hey, this is broad street Billy
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line
Here's Miami. Hello
Miami hey, you need a high-worry. Okay, a lot of assholes from Philadelphia by the way
Yeah, yeah, sure it kills listen National Airlines wonderful. It was a Uron. It just came back on the 11th
All right and tell you what the staff cannot be better
Anybody who's flying coaches gonna enjoy those three seats all to themselves because it's an empty plane all the way there all the way back
Really because nobody knows about it exactly and if you want to upgrade first class
They'll do it right at the gate for 150 bucks really so it's it's absolutely wonderful experience outstanding going back again on the fifth beauty
Okay, I'm gonna I'm gonna you know, I was just there
Not too long ago at the end of January, but I think I may have to go back again soon just to check the Irlanda
It's great. Okay, love it. Love you
National airline lost Vegas National airline. We hear nothing but good things about them and boy
I'm gonna tell you hey stupid Hank and I love national airlines. We're obsessed with it red leave
But this afternoon's a matter of fact. No, I don't want to say like I said right after the hockey game sounds good
5 6 7 8 and maybe I'll go to Vegas after the show after I meet with my money guy I'll just go to Vegas tonight
I don't know what time is there flight
Take a couple of days off because I've been back two days in a row here now. It's too much for me
Let's see oh 10.50 p.m. That's perfect. It's your 6.30 in the morning. Oh, no, that's coming back
Oh 9.30 even better 9.40 p.m. gets the biggest at 11.50 in the p.m. That's the nighttime flight
That would be great and then I can give away my hockey tickets for night because I can go to Vegas and they get on a plane at
Tomorrow night just take it day off. What do you think? No?
What do you say, does no
21 before one it he'll be great at kiss you don't he'll be great without country but and he does by the way have a pickup truck
Will you ever believe he'd be the kind of guy that would have a pickup truck?
No, what about a doberman?
Doberman what?
pinch
Brackdom high knees
No, I just said tiny how you doing tiny?
21 before one is five 60 WQM
It's just these guys nicked and soaked and whatever the heck it is and the people like Coral Inn
They're just like them like that they were on the what a court the weed and they're high and they're
I'm being hysterable
for years that I've been look at listening to 6.10 and
I miss you and now dr. Jeremy Burnham with a dramatic reading of no scrubs by TLC
Dr. Burnham a scrub is a guy that thinks he's fly also known as a fuster
Always talking about what he wants and just hit them and broke ass
So no, I don't want your number. No, I don't want to give you mine and no, I don't want to meet you nowhere
No, I don't want none of your time and no, I don't want no scrub
A scrub is the guy that can't get no love for me hanging out the passenger side of his best friends ride trying to holla at me
No scrub no scrub no no no no scrub no no no no no no no no no
5.50 WQM vegetable strong is gigantic huge
Tom sucks by the way
Mariah Carey and Joe and 98 degrees
What you always the sick is because 98 degrees and she can she can't think for Smith and that's your mama guy
Notice how they all and as they all stand very far away from her because there's suspicious about even though she don't look all that bad
But then one large brush. She has in the middle of her chest. I can understand that I need to be staying far away from her
Oh, yeah, right faggots see everybody that you don't like their faggots every every musical group you don't like
like any that aren't
Eros Smith are they faggots? I don't know. Let's ask TV. I don't think so
What's that these daughter?
5 6 7 0 5 6 8 you'd like to ask is daughter. Yeah 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless
How about the guess who are they fags? I don't think so. Oh, no, no, that's right. They're Canadian so they must be
Here's a call from Albany. Hello
Albany
Yes, yes sir Neil how you doing very good listen to you every day and the internet all right
Yeah, hey, do you ever hear of the Andrew M. Greeley Roman Catholic priest sure
He had an article in Sunday's paper. Can I read just a little bit of it? No, just a little tiny bit
Okay, that's enough the Kansas City star has announced that four times as many Roman Catholic priests have died of a
That's an old story we we covered that like two years ago. Yeah, well we just got it in our Sunday paper
Well, Albany's a little bit behind as you know. Yeah, I have to go through Troy and then who's connected to you
And the pew and Pradonia
Yeah, none heard did you see where he said there have been gate police gate bishops gate posts and
Probably even gay saints there's a fact in the church
as usual, he's wet a line, you know and and talking about that priest
10 miles from that rudder damn priest you know he was under three years of counseling yeah, and he just went to bishop
I said it's not working you'd be pleased to know that he looks lovely without wigging the dress on and he looks beautiful
I got to see him in the New York post. He's a real fashion plate. We've seen him on the news up there good old Denise
Hey, one shameless request. Yes, sir. Give me a Yaman
There you go pal. Thank you no extra charge have a great day. All right. Okay, and shovel it out
They're shoveling it out in Albany aren't they and the snow too
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T wireless lines or Neil when you were an Amsterdam you smoke any good schmitter what huh?
I mean, what were you doing over there do you eat some French fries that like mustard or mayonnaise?
You like slather it on there and how about the mayonnaise what flams the free tis baby right there in the damn rack did I eat any no?
Those things will kill you fried food deep fried food listen to your uncle Neil when he tells you fried foods
Will kill you they'll put you in a box fast real fast
Here's Miami hello
Miami when is this
Any oh yes, sir, hey, I just wanted to call and talk about the Oscars man American beauty is a wonderful movie
Yeah, and if it was too complicated for those people maybe they should have stayed home there or gone on another car race or something
Mm-hmm, you know what I'm saying? Yeah
It deserves every award it got and I think maybe you should run on see they re-released it and that's super Bruce Willis movie
But you should definitely run out and try and catch American beauty should be re-released this week Bruce Willis
Yeah, that's the one with the kid who sees the dead people
They got nominated also for best movie. Oh, yeah, yeah, they're I'll pass on that
They're re-releasing all the movies you should you should go catch them out
What is it called? It's called the six things all the six the six cents. Yeah, okay
All right, man, I'll run right out right now as a matter of fact. I do have thanks
See he says it's great. He says American beauty sensationally other guy was like that it goes to show a difference
Everyone I said it was great everybody said so there was a guy before that of course that was Gary the call can send that
Gary the sign man
Why does he call this show?
Why does he call this show? I mean we like him a lot, but he's just not a caller. I've tried to explain it to him
We like him. We appreciate nice things. He's done for us. It's not personal. It's business and he's bad for business
His calls are terrible awful
Grotesque Gary you're a great guy. You just not cut out to be a caller on this on this show
Maybe Rick and Doug okay, but not on this show. You know what I'm saying Gary? No, right that now you can start to catch on say it after me
No, no, no, no more calls no
Stop Gary. Well, I noticed that you were I won I brought one up to the middle of your forehead when I was on it
And I recognized the voices being chronic, but I didn't realize that it was Gary the sign man
Because if I would have known that it was Gary the sign man, I probably would have said
It must be a great movie. I'm gonna rush out like the last guy just said and go see him or a computer must be sensational
I mean you're Gary the sign man's a good guy, but a little bit slow
You don't understand you followed my a little slow so like this last guy may have had him paying pretty well
Probably a little bit too complicated for Gary the sign man
Just stick to USA today in those nice color pictures. They got near and those charts and graphs Gary
You'll be okay and have somebody read it to you'll be just fine
Not sure if he's the only sign man that I know that after he finishes the sign his assistant has to read them what's on the sign
And that he must be it's either he's lucky or he's very good, but he always gets it spell right, you know
You're okay Gary, but just say it again. No, that's it. No, come on. It's there. No, no no no more call
No, that a boy Gary now you're catching on just stay the hell away
5 6 7 0 5 60 what about that little girl nobody has any comments about that 14-year-old girl
This is a young bitch that threatens to blow up the school and that he says he's a good girl
I mean what what his comments are unacceptable. It's one thing to support your kids
But this was a grotesque horrendous unacceptable act and any literate piece of turd that is unacceptable
And he's like trying to minimize in the sweep it away like oh don't worry about her. She'll be alright
Yeah, that's remember he raised her. That's what Ted Bundy's parents probably said too, you know before they threw him in a trash can
Yeah, we really you know bugs me always my no worries you know on death row these poor dark people like Ted Bundy
I'm sorry
Every time something goes on in America it's always because of racism right and there is a lot of racism
I know from personal experience
Here's a mobile and dear field beach. Hello. Yes, me over there speaking
Yeah, my name's big out first time call one time fan and the
Call and funny stole a little bit of my thunder. I also want your name is big Al big Al
What what does that mean like out well?
Well, yeah, I'm big and around the waistline absolutely
And that's about the only place unfortunately. Yeah, well, we don't do names on a show. So that's but that's okay
All right. Well, just so you know, we didn't hear that. Okay. I'm also defending American beauty. Yeah, I think it's an excellent movie
It was perfectly cast
The the roles were very well acted
There's so many things and angles to it. I too recommend you go out and see it
There's probably an angle you would find interesting. There's a homophobic
Portrait in the
It's interesting the way that people describe my attitudes about the movies so in other words if there's some fag angle
And whether it's the mad Damon movie or this one then I would enjoy it as edit that in other words gay people
Owing as your movies where there's a gay angle to it is edit well
Oh, no, I but you might find it interesting
It is of the same as you might find interesting
Oh, that one you might find particularly I see it. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay, Miguel. Thank you. Thanks
Star getting very defensive there, didn't they? Yeah, I just don't understand it
I think the problem being that most straight people for example when they go to a movie does there have to be a straight angle
In the plot. Oh, yeah, every time. Yeah, everybody that said that they like the movie was straight as a board
That said that they liked American beauty. What about you're the assignment. Oh, oh
560 at 0560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line out of town line four Myers is open
Did they got any opinions on a movie? Oh, I don't think they shouldn't have shown gone with the wind over there yet and four Myers heavy no
Hey, don't get around to it. Dr. Jika and Mr. Hyde is gonna be big over there
And let's pick it the Sunsettle Dr. Jika and and they've hired
Here's Miami Springs hello
You know, yes, sir. This is Mike the the small unemployed roofer. Okay
I need a welcome back from your casinos in Toronto
Anyway, I haven't heard you talk anything about Derek Thomas
You haven't heard me talk anything about it. What does that mean? He's dead exactly?
What would you like me to say somebody called before we had a conversation about it
And I agreed with him and my comment was that he's dead and he's that's that's it
Why are we having a big get to us about it? I missed it. I missed it my apologies
But it wasn't he the one or his mom said something or she said the magical words as he was tumbling down the
That interstate when he had the accident that he was alive because he said
Save me Jesus or something like that was in
Wasn't it him? No
I'm trying to remember who the hell that was no that was that was something that played in the Super Bowl who the hell was it?
The
Wasn't somebody from who the hell was it? Oh?
Well, was it somebody from Tennessee that said that no was somebody from the ram somebody from St. Louis that said that I can't think of who was somebody
Will call and tell us some sports there but it was not Derek Thomas you see if he would have just said the right word
He'd have been okay exactly would have just said Jesus Jesus well anyway
Did you see that the Air Force had a flyby at the overhead the over-eurobat stadium?
Isn't that great government money was spent to honor a dead football player exactly Isaac Bruce Isaac Bruce
There you go that was the guy Isaac Bruce Bruce a local Lushguards and by the way he's the one that said the yeah
Well, I say Jesus wouldn't stop the bullet and so on. I've not just comments incredible. Okay. I have a great taste all right, and the this tool pass
Just like a bad kidney stone this two shall pass five six seven oh five sixty we got fourteen every open lines
You're an hour and five minutes to go can they do it no can they make it today no?
The verdict is American beauty is a great movie because Gary the Simon didn't like it
Not but not no no not for any other reason necessarily but because he didn't like it
We assume it to tremendous movie and if he would have just told me that when he was on there
Would have saved us a lot of grief and then the other guy wouldn't have had to call back and feel so bad about it
Just consider the source okay pal. It was Gary the Simon
To meet him is to know him trust me good guy, but a little strange
1256 at 550 WQ a.m. Hey listen everybody even the nice people like Joe Rosoli our guy from Roth office apply
He's a good guy, but you know every time it comes in here
He's peddling a song of dance about that lazy guy, but I don't want no slicing in my eyeball, please
I'm an old fart. I'm happy being a half bald with the glasses. It doesn't bother me at least
But I can see what I'm looking for real good. Okay, believe me and I'm not cock-eyed
For minutes till one a Q. I.M. wake up with the first
He's Joe Rose Jeff the forest and he goes he no we'd be more into six only on sports radio 560 Q. A.M.
I don't want to see you in here
I have to watch our day
Don't get water to fill our work
Just one never want to cigarette can cause memory loss and paranoia just one joint will drive you to madness
It will make you pluck out your eyeballs just to see what's under the dresser
The world as you know it will cease to exist
You'll let your alternate realities like being trouble to death by fat and curious Jamaican winning
In fact some of the good studies I've shown that now I want to cause his polio and will make your balls dribble up into tiny little BBs
Smoking their alive will make you die
Really? We gotta believe this. We have to say things like that
Oh and I'm sexy fat too
This message paid for by the partners against what in America
All right, they down in Jamaica in the car of being they got the best work that you ever had
Ask anybody in that table
They tell you this country where the country is
Are you?
Ask a man ask some he want to sell
And from a mile away you can detect the smell of smoke
Oh, smoke, gun, just smoke, smoke
Oh, he light up this blip and choke
Smoke, gun, just smoke, air
Smoke, gun, just smoke, smoke
The gun should be good
You'll be carried lots of earth in the gunny sack
Smoke it everyday until your lungs run like
With all the money that we have made
Jamaica doesn't need any foreign aid
America's foolish home here and say
Got nothing like this in the US
They say they smoke, smoke, gun, just smoke, smoke
They light up this blip and choke
They begin to puff and choke
Smoke, gun, just smoke, smoke
The gun should be good
I'm the teller son you are a rough, dumb man
You like to smoke to drive a slip whenever you turn
Many people coming here for miles around
To bite the earth for you by the ounce of nicknames
Ask a man say to her, mama you're right
They gun to be good tonight and then they smoke
Smoke, gun, just smoke, smoke
They light up this blip and choke
Smoke, gun, just smoke, smoke, smoke, smoke
They gun to be good
All right, come on
104-560 WQ, by the way you ever see Wilson Pickett
5-6705-60, maybe he was working at the frontier out there in Vegas
Where they usually are picketing out in front of the building
That's a big Wilson picket, not any more you want
I saw him picket at the New York State House
Anybody remember the New York State House?
Oh, those were the days
The owner of New York State House, what that was his name? Susman
Yeah, that was his name, Susman he's dead
Big Wilson he's dead, two big fat guys, huge
That was a great place, New York State House originally was on Biscay
No, it was originally on a beach, wasn't it?
Trying to think which was first the chicken or the egg
It was either first over on a beach and then they moved to Biscayne
In like North-Aid
Well, we used to have so many great places, so many many great places
Even Rocky Graziani used to be pretty good
Which is now like some seafood joint
135th in Biscayne somewhere around there
Of course, you know North-Aid, it just ain't what it used to be
You know what I'm talking about? Yeah, I think you do
Kind of the complexion of that neighborhood has changed
5-6705-60, pound 5-60 on a AT&T line
Here's Miami, hello
Miami, yes sir
You were talking about the Westminster dog show
Yes, and the mint in
Uh-huh
The mint in Detroit, not a carrier
He's in the toy group
He's a toy?
He said you know what you do with toys when they're going out and throwing a garbage
Oh that's true
Uh-huh
That's true, but yeah, he's in the toy
He's in the toy group
He's a carrier
No, he's a toy group, he's in the toy group
He's a miniature fincher
Because of his size
He's a miniature pincher
He's actually brought down over the years
You know, it's been that nothing to do with the doberman pincher
Oh yeah, he told me he does not
Oh, I'm sorry
He told me just recently when I came back from vacation he told me
He said I got nothing to do with a pincher
Oh, you know not have anything to do with him
Yeah
But putting up alongside a one
I said pinch this
He ran like a son of a bitch
I don't blame him
Yeah, me either
I don't blame him
No, uh, so he's a toy
He's a toy, he's in the toy group
Maybe I'm gonna understand maybe are you saying he's a goi?
Yeah
Oh yeah
Oh goi, okay, thank you
There we go, let's have some more doggie talk
Oh no
Where was the laboratory tree around the list?
And is it as big as a bread box?
How about a shitsoo?
Oh, that's a guy from National Airlines isn't it?
Dixitoo?
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line
I'd take great exception of what this guy just said
I know my dogs, baby
And a miniature print you have a print of whatever you have, a prancer
Is a goddamn terrier
But that's how they break it up in the show
Working dogs, sporting dogs, toys
Pain in the S-I-Cotic dogs, that's the mint pen
How many years have I been warning you people out there
And also you people who live out in the acres quit letting your dogs run loose
But is that for us my ass?
Because I love dogs
And I despise people
I mean I realize once upon a time
Because I've lived in plantation acres now like at least 10 years
Yeah, but 9 or 10 years
And once upon a time when I first moved there was those sagwara's mills mall
There was no nothing
And we just opened it and lived it in the country
Is it living in the country anymore?
No
And I don't mind those painting the S-P-Cox that some of my neighbors have
You know, and all the other
Because some of these people still believe they're living out in the country
But when you let your dogs run loose
First of all it's against the law, that's number one
And number two, if you care about your dogs, you have to be crazy
Because even on the side streets out there people like me use those streets to strawberry short cuts
And we're zooming 90 miles an hour up and down there
And if you don't like it, get there out, you know, too bad
No, seriously, I don't speed on those side streets
But what are dogs running around the street?
Now cats, that's more than we're liking
You want to let your little pussy out there loose in the street
And I go right ahead, boy, because I got a heavy, lead foot when I see pussy in the street
Man, I'm telling you
I just step on it, and the gas pedal too
Makes for a hell of a stench though when you splatter one of them in the street
560, 7.0560
I'm 560 on the, ain't listen, the excuse today is I'm in coherent, I don't know what I'm saying
Must have been some bad drugs in Amsterdam, you know what I'm talking about?
Yeah, bad mushrooms
I do love mushrooms though
Portini mushrooms, Portobello mushrooms
Now we're talking good Italian, right?
So bad, what's so good, so bad from a Spurco
Well, hey Lord, how's this, Lord?
We're blowing and blowing!
Let's do some picking for it
Not your nose, Lord
That's what I'm doing, I'm still worried about it, good old boy
We come from Alabama, and we come from Illinois
We come from Carolina, and from Mississippi too
We love to do tobacco in shops
Yeah, dude
We're red necked, Saddie
Pick up trucks, bearded
Oh, man, Mr. Tony George had a good idea
You've been stocked, George, we'll bring him on up here
We'll throw a big part in, we'll fill up the plate
It's time to add in, you have a NASCAR race
That's the brickyard that he is
And Speedway Indiana, US of A
What's that space?
Now a NASCAR space is our whole new bridge
We love Rusty Wallace, and we love Lake Speed
You can see on my NASCAR fans on the back
His pants are so low, and you can see his butt cracked
See, Lord, I can see it half noon
And it's broad daylight, take yourself a belt
Can I put my name on the buckle?
Some NASCAR girls don't wear no shoes
On their big fluffy hooters, they got big tattoos
And Mr. Hick, you need a certain fella from the south
He's terribly cute, he does, you got a pretty coy-o
Floyd, give me big hooters with big tattoos any day
Hey, Lloyd, look at them jiggles, Gwen
She's got a daily hard tattoo right there, twin her boobies
Harry, get the cleaner away
Hey, Lloyd, let him see your big three
Lloyd, I'm in your dick, triple tattoos
We sure have fun, and in the end we'll be coming back
I got myself a checkered flag, it's mailed in my gun right
I break your kit the best time the total boy has ever had
Next year I'll bring my parents, mom and uncle Dan
Show them your new teeth, Lloyd
God, I bought them all the way away
I got me a picture of Richard Petty and Heldon
Found him
No, I'm just Jason Hanks
115 is 560 WK now
This is a Bob and Tom 1994 best of that's from
That's six years ago, and here it is 2,000
Can we say dick on a year now?
No
I mean, we're not making any progress, are we?
Why can't we say dick?
You know, I think slowly but surely, maybe rapidly
We got to start breaking down these barriers
These ridiculous artificial barriers set up by these old cretins in Washington
It's unacceptable, and the public sits back
Okay, whatever you tell us, and you're right
That's a good point because if people say dick on a year
Then all of a sudden more of these little kids are going to start sending bomb threats to school
As if one thing has got to do with the other
Maybe the fact that that father is so like willing to cover up and accept and condone and minimize all of this
Maybe that has something to do with the way that this kid has been brought up and the behavior in that way
You think that might, uh-huh
Possibility, I think so
567, what happened to all the ladies?
We had like 50 ladies on there all at the same time, and then we went on the break
And of course not only will they not call us or give them something away
They also won't wait because they're busy
Here's the lady in four Myers though, hello
Yes, ma'am
Yes, I am
Hi, Neil, I'm in four Myers, the lady from four Myers
I'm not calling to get anything for free
Good
I'm calling about the dogs, I've, uh, I have my own men, Penn
Um, so sorry about that, tell me
Oh no, he's just lovely
He's a very happy little dog, kid's love him
He's hysterical
Well, yeah, he has crazy hysterical, but that's part of the story
Wow, yapping
No, no, actually, mine's not
Really?
No, yeah, he's a really pretty good little guy
We've got a cat that keeps him busy, so that helps him
I hope the cat's got claws
Yeah, it does
Good, very good idea
Well, the cat runs the house
But we don't let her out, I agree with you about letting cats out
That's not a really good idea
But in any case, we're talking about classifying how the dog is classified
The different kennel clubs classify them different
If the guy they called before had listened to and he was talking about the men, Penn
It is not a bred-downed overman
No, of course not, it's not related in any way to a doverman
Absolutely not, if anything the doverman was bred off of the dog
But that's even questionable as it is
But you're right, the dog is a terrier
Right
They put him in the toy club
I like it all far like that that calls up and is giving me instructions
He's giving me an education about my dog
Oh, I know aren't they idiots?
Unbelievable
I know, I can't believe the mentality of some of the people out there in the world
But thank God for a smart one, right?
Right for us
But I just wanted to declare it, let you guys know that
It depends on how the kennel club is going to classify the dog
Now do you have a microwave in your home?
Yes, they do
Good, I hope it's like a full size
Oh God, yes, it's a big one, my one
Just keep it in mind, just keep it in mind
And they, surely you don't want to start it up because that can be very dangerous with him inside
But just if you put him in there and close the door and then tell him that
If he's not nice that you're going to have to start it up next time
It works every time like a charm
I imagine it would
And then there's also the regular oven too
Have a great day
You too
Okay
See, there you go as usual
Oh God
Head is thumb on it as usual
This old guy, no, it's a toy and it's related, yeah, sir
I think you need a toy is what you need
Maybe some of those are gummy bears
A little honey bear is gummy bears, whatever she was sticking in her rectum
Fine, there was a nice job over there by the way, Bob
Yeah, why don't you know what to craft shoot? It's a craft shoot
You know about craft, Bob, let me tell you that right now
Yeah, I guess we're not going to get on the TMI
So, my is well ripped out of those cost people and tell them how we really feel about how they screwed us over a big time
Had that meeting that day and tried to demean and be human eyes all of us
Well, I got better things to do than come down here and you know
We've tried everything we know to make the station profitable and then maybe somebody also had better luck
Yeah, maybe somebody also had better luck like buddy Bud Paxton
Some schmuck like him that wouldn't know a radio from a pop-up poster
And still want to sell a son of God damn station to make it a big profit off in no doubt
And then make a big profit off of them
You bet you're sweet as they did big time
And then of course he got that tax that bull crap going at phony baloney hypocritical pseudo religious bull crap
And got NBC and under the and made millions and millions more that
But I guess what the best part of the deal is his stock is still in the crap about 11 bucks a share
Don't buy the passion stock and don't whatever you do buy the
5670560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line
Here's a pig reporting pepper pine, so hello
Yeah, don't forget don't ever buy the
Right, yeah
Got to get the only report real quick
Going westbound on tap street just before you get to Pumingo road
Oh right by the old radar trap
Yeah, that's it right by the mobile station there just before you get to safety's miss park
There's a pig just they're doing it
They lived there they must they must set up shop there and just to camp out
Well, they have a couple of favorite spots along tap street
That's one
Captain hiatus is another one
Exactly, I was going to say that as you're going as you're going west
Also, you go a little bit further down towards tapton palm
They love that neighborhood as well
Yeah, and then just before you get to the next bull shopping center
Which is tasked and I think it's Douglas
Right they usually park down there
The data doing tapton something else
So thanks a lot, Pembroke Pine for keeping us up there
All they do especially in Pembroke lakes more so than Pembroke Pine
Pembroke lakes that's all that they do is sit out there and shoot the crap in the street
They're doing it now
Thanks for the good news
Well, thank you sir and have a good time at the hockey game tomorrow
All right, yeah or tonight
Is the game tomorrow?
No, tonight
5 6 7 0 5 60, 0 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line
You'll have a good time if for a pilot
And by the way, how about that Ray Whitney?
I forgot to mention that the other day gets added there because that the frog Pierre Turgent was injured
And gets added late there for the North American team for the All Star game
Has a goal and an assist
Albury of course most valuable with the hat trick
And Victor Coslov with three assists
Nice representation there from your panthers during the All Star game
And I don't care, somebody faxed me yesterday and tried to give me a song and a dance about
The crowd for the San Jose game last Wednesday when I was on vacation wasn't as bad as what I said
I hate to break the news to you, okay?
But I rechecked from some of the experts people to pay attention to these things
Including my friend the rimman and they said the crowd was pathetic
In fact, all season long to be honest with you
The overwhelming majority of the time the size of the crowd has been disappointing at best
Now 3500 unsolved tickets for the Ranger game tonight really bizarre
And I sure hope that the panther people go out there and get the panther back in the final unsolved tickets
So we don't have to have a lot of pain in the ass ranger fans there
Hacking and trying to come up Ed Jackamon and Gump Orsley and all that B-Fo crap
How's this restaurant that he's doing by the way?
5670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line
Here's a mobile in Aventura, hello
Hello
Yes sir
Hello
Let me say it again, hello
Yeah, Neil
Yes, huge big rapport
163rd string orchid, 8th Avenue, 2530 cops, no radar, pull on you over for the seat belt
Seat belts?
Yes, seat belt USA baby
Okay, thanks, thanks for the good news
The seat belt police are right at the radar police are at it
Your law enforcement dollars at work keeping you safe, are they keeping you safe?
No, they're hassling your ass
See, that's another thing I was thinking about them over there in Amsterdam
And they're just walking along mine and their own business
You know, on both sides of the main police station and the red light district on the warmer strut
The ruder vacillation is most people call it
On both sides of the police station, they're coffee shops
One on each side, that's for convenience
No, I'm serious, they're coffee shops and they're inside smoking
They got their little menus in with their weed and their hash and whatever they're doing inside
And they're not paying any attention to it
And about a half a block down like I said is the stable master bar for all the leather freaks
Just like America, right?
No
No
No, see, in a lot of places they pay the cops to protect you to keep it safe
Here, they pay the cops so they can hassle us
That's what they pay the salaries for
So they can sit there
This morning coming down hiatus to Broward, povardor, by a little strawberry short cut to work every morning
I'm going down hiatus and there's two plantation porkers sitting over there
And the middle of the median there
On the road, we're at a speed limit of 35 and should be minimum 45
One of their favorite speed traps like shooting fish in a barrel
On hiatus road between sunrise and Broward, povardor, shame on you
And of course, you know, I say this in a plantation chief, hates me like poison anyway
But that's okay because he'll die someday
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line
Here's a mobile in sunrise, hello
Hi Neil, how are you?
Okay sir
Good, it's a nice and awesome
I have another chapter of the East on sunrise, Broward, and I go into that pet smart there all the time
And what do you know as soon as you turn into pet smart, there's this guy in a light, you know, looking in a light, I guess it's a fury
I'm not too sure exactly what it is, but he has a radar out looking for people heading I guess west
Heading west on sunrise, Broward, so you got there also
And also I went over to where I like that I was going over to the pet smart there
I'm not too sure if you shop there or not, but I've never been in there
That is the most rude-ish clicks that you can ever shop that and I'm going to go to pets.com for that
Yeah, I mean just do it or rather stuff on the internet because I'm standing side
They're rude?
I'm extremely rude, they have one, they have one cash year with 30 people in there
And I talked to them there during I said listen, how come you have 30 people waiting here and you only have one cash year
And they go well, the other cash year, the other cash year is stocking shelf
Well I guess I made a good choice, I've never been anywhere close to that place
I could walk from my house to there and I've never been even thought about going in there
Yeah, I'm also very happy to be able to bring a Spaniard one that great shook because we have one of those dogs
And they're fantastic dog breeds
Okay, have a great thing
Thank you
No more dog breeds, okay, I'm sorry you brought it up, no more doggy breeds
I don't want to do the dog thing again, okay?
Because then we get caused like that old fossil before giving me a lecture or song and a dance and brick
Always very insistent, the people I love the best are the ones who are insistent and you know that they're wrong
Everybody in the world knows they're wrong but they're insistent
Oh no, I'm sorry but the earth absolutely are the sun travels around the earth
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, count 5, 60 on a AT&T wireless line
Let's do some more doggy talk, what do you say?
Come on, where's that on the list? Is it number one? Is it number five hundred?
And there's only one big event left, and that's best in show at Kominah
Get those silly people, those silly prancing, missing people with those leashes
Those people should be on a goddamn leash
126 at 560 WQM
Only one South Florida radio station has
You're listening to it, at Goldberg, weekday afternoons at 2, sports radio 560
QA&T
Ray Whitney has a pair
1, 2, 3, I made it through college and average at C
I have a lot of money but not much of a frame like most of you voters who were just as lame
But I can say one thing that you can, my daddy is an ex-president saying I got money, power, it's up to lose
I can do everything I use, only a little bit of cash is all I need is satisfy my ego and my greed
Manipulated marketing is all I use, a gardener votes for more rocks, just like you
That's a fact, excluding the fun of the last
I don't think I laughed that bad
Remember to vote for George Bush and those of you who don't, you can kiss my touch
You see what matters to me about the presidency?
Is that it makes a nice conversation please?
I'm the king of denial too
I have no problems, lies with you
So why is it so important for you to know whether or not I did blow a little bit of cocaine up my nose
A little bit of tooth, a little blow
When I'm elected out, put it in all that
When I put it up the concentration camp
Yeah, thank you
Okay, 131 at 560 WQAM, how about a little...
Yo, listen up, here's the story of that
First radio show in America to play that song, months and months and months ago
And there are people who questioned my taste in popular music
560, 705, 60, pound, 560
First person on this part of the neck of the woods to play the Bloodhound Gang
I gave you credit for that, and the bad touch
And touch this, here's Lakeport, hello
Fast on our shoulders, I think
Hello
Yes sir, Blue, I mean out, new
Yeah, this is blue
I apologize, that's okay
A long time listener, love this program
Yeah, I'm not working
Yeah, little blue
You got a bear with me, I'm not working, I'm trying to sneak this phone call in
I just had a call, you know, I'm telling you that
I'm kind of partial to doggy stomachs though
And...
Okay, great
And he's over on the West Coast, that figure, he's in a doggy stomach
Correct him
Yeah
On a receiving end
560, 705, 60, pound, 560 on the AT&T wireless line
Out of town line, if we got any more mouth-readers, a breeders like him
877, 785, 63, 45
Hey, let's know, have to be sheepish about it, over there on the West Coast
We understand that a lot of you guys like are getting down on all fours
It's okay as long as you have your rearview mirror on, I guess
Here's the mobile and rear-field V, chill out
Nail
Yes sir
How you doing?
Great
I'll just, one thing with the new meeting, if you want to tell us
560, 705, 60, pound, 560 on the AT&T wireless line
Like I said, I think we've got to probably play the whole thing with this, pretty weird
Pretty weak, and you wonder why we resort to music on these shows every now and end
Because you can't do a four hour show in this town anymore, they have no material
They have nothing to say
And it was women that were on there before they're gone
Oh, here's a lady in Hylia, maybe she's got something to say
Hello
Nail, how you doing?
Great
Nail, I just wanted to say, I'll make it quick and simple here
I just wanted to tell those ranger fans today in the game
Because I'm going to be there, they're going to get their ass to hand it to them
I think so, I think about the 5 to 2 sounds good, pants to 5 to 2
Yeah, that sounds good to me Nail, it sounds good to me, are you going to the game?
I'll be there
All right, Nail, what section are you, and I'd like to say hi to you
101
All right, I'll be there, Nail
Be there with bells on
All right, it sure will take care
All right
It's a Pobbel in the Ray, Whitney in Burray, Burray in Whitney
And then he's like I said yesterday, a Greg Cotex, and uh, or was it the Dandla Bastard, I guess
He's one of the all-time worst in Dave Hyde
But Dave every once in a great while, about 20 or he writes something that makes sense
And the rest of the time he regresses
And the only time he writes anything that makes any sense when he steals it right out of the show
Of course I was on vacation, so what is he right about Dan Marino, the greatest athlete?
They both wrote this crap, the greatest athlete ever put a uniform on in this town
So ludicrous, so ridiculous, as much as I loved Danny Boyn, as great as he was
He was a statue
A statue with a great arm, a great pastor, a great competitor, a guy with a lot of ability, lots of desire to win
But to call him the greatest athlete, to put him in the same class with Pobbel Burray, is like, uh, you know, it's a joke
It's like putting Greg out in a class with the Rick and Suds, you know
Shame on you guys, but it's a one-dimensional horse in Buggie Town, so what do you expect?
You expect him to broaden their horizons and learn something a little bit beyond the same old crap?
No, same old pig skin
No
One thing about that Dandla Bastard, he wouldn't know a pig skin from a foreskin
Here's Hollywood, hello
Hollywood
You're right, just like friend, how are you?
Yes sir, okay
Nice to have you back in this dump, and I want to just give a quick, pick a report and also let you ask a quick question
Pick a report first of all, that's on Pine's Boulevard going eastbound by BCC, they're sitting out there like, with goddamn cameras holding them out there like the trash
How long have you done the way to Godfathers?
Second thing was, I just wanted to know your official anniversary date in the market
March 1
March 1?
And if anybody has a heart, get out there and send cards, can you give an address to that or?
Give me an arrow heart
They don't give a crap, will they?
No, they don't give a shmit, that's right
But I mean, I live in Hollywood, we just had an election with the mayor and out of, I don't know
So many people in the city, maybe like 6,000 showed up
That's the world today
Yeah
And when they wonder why you can't live with it
There's only 6,000 people that are able to get out of the house to understand
The median agent, Hollywood is death plus ten
That's a good point
Well have a great day pal
Take care buddy
Hang in there
There's a young man in Hollywood, I feel for him believe me, I feel sorry because like I said, the median agent is dead
And Hollywood is 100 days mithusel plus ten
Very old, old, crusty place, Hollywood
And poor Joe Costello, Joe's a good guy
But he was trying to give me a song and a dance again about that place where they got the thin pizza on 441
What's the name of that?
Villa Rose
Don't you remember years ago people were, and I was talking about the great thin pizza that they make in Italy and the wood burning ovens
In fact, I heard beefo do a spot this morning for a place
I can't think of what the name was, it was one of his famous restaurant taste
Where he's going to be doing an appearance this Saturday
And their big deal is that they do the pizza in the Italian wood burning ovens
The real thin Italian I'm assuming they make, I hope
So what anyway, he was trying to give me a song and a dance about Villa Rose
Villa Rose is okay if you like sauce on a cracker
That's what their pizzas are like
And in the clientele in there, you talk about Hillbilly heaven
And maybe that's why Joe likes it, maybe gets a lot of his truckers in there
They can talk about auto racing and the Darlington of this and Darling that
That's what's in Gordon John Cox is a lot and also the other Gordon
Yeah, he says something about Darling
You don't know Gordon John Cox from Hastings Michigan, you don't know your auto racing man
No, I don't
You're so limited
You know the patties
They're always on the bread when you go to North Carolina, all the loaves of bread have racers on them
Yeah, and trading credit is in Darling, yeah
Here's a mobile in Miami, hello
You can be sure all those auto racing guys meet at those truck stops a lot
Hello
Mobile in Miami going once
Neil
Yes sir
How you doing boss?
Okay, I just got back from a real man's town
What's that?
Vegas
All right
I went for the first time in my entire life and let me tell you I stayed at the MGM grant
Right?
$8600
You made $8600?
$8600 bucks coming back from Vegas, I went it would like $2,500 and my girlfriend lost most of it
But I came back and I made bank $8600
You made $8600 profit
$8600 profit
There you go
I'm moving back, I got to get out of this town, this place is a big dump, I just got to get out of here, I'm going back to Vegas
Okay, I'll see you there, next time you're on man do it
Okay
So Vegas is still there and it's still pretty good, that's good, that's reassuring to know
5,6,7
And this town is still here and it's still sucks, huh?
Okay, not so reassuring to know but I kind of felt it, you know what I came back when I got it
In fact, as we walked through the jetway on that plane from Atlanta coming back to last leg of my journey back from Amsterdam on Monday
And you could hear people say I'm always almost always the first one off the plane in one of the first four or five the other way around
And the people behind me are going, oh my god, feel like humidity
Just hit them in the put, these are almost all people from other parts of the country
From Atlanta, oh and by the way talk about a cracker town, anybody ever calls this show and tries to tell me that Atlanta is like a civilized place
Between your newspaper, papers and the bumpkins up there and the people you hear on the radio, that is the most Yahoo
I remember the time they were talking about the Simalcatch that he's showing WSB in Atlanta when we were at IOD
And then they had second thoughts about it because they said that if you think Tampa is Yahoo and Parochial
Tampa is like metropolitan compared to Atlanta and they're right
Atlanta is the, so if you think John Rocker is out of place being in Atlanta, you're dreaming, that's a perfect spot for him
Yow
That's their middle name in Atlanta
And so it's kind of surprising to me they let all those sparsers in there
21 before 2 at 560 WQM
Totally, how Aaron's coming
Oh well I think the town is right top, only to touch my body
I want to be out there on the body, it's just giving me a clue
So I got to look twice at and find myself a highway
And I know one could hide away and the twelfth afternoon
Oh I find my plate boys and creepy lotion
But the town won't lie down on the floor
Oh I put my wrist action in that lotion
And I pray to no one accidentally opens up the door
Cause I got a masturbator
Word's word
I got a masturbator
Yeah I got a masturbator
I got a masturbator
I got a masturbator
I got a masturbator
I moved out of the day
I moved out of the day
I moved out of the day
I moved out of the day
I moved out of the day
I think I'm just going to play that four hours every day from now on
I mean just you know from next however long I'm here
145 at 560 WQM
We're rolling along
Here's singing a song
Got a lot of Panther Ranger tickets to the way between now and two o'clock
Here's a mobile in Miami
Hello
New Rogers
Yes sir
Cardiologist here in Miami
I heard that you were giving away tickets
And I stopped my server just to call in
It was a joke
I was listening to people who just kind of call out of the blue
Like some women
Hey I hear you giving away a free ticket
Did you see how the blue?
Yeah, out of the blue
Yeah, okay
Must have been a sub-logal mess
I probably see I plant all these eggs
It's part of my evil thing that I do
This agenda
That's a lovely show
Just wanted to call in
And kind of break up a little attention there
Excellent God bless you sir
Thank you sir
And I'll pray for us
Thank you
There you go
He pulled off his heavy duty
There's probably people dying over there
And he called into it through that thing
I just go on there
I'm gonna say it again
They're from Italy I post 155
I would play a little bit of movie or body too
But somebody I would only like that CD so much
That that one disappeared
But nevertheless I'll make another one
I'll burn one
I'm gonna go home and burn one tonight
And a CD too
What?
That wasn't great doing that
That was a good investment
Do you remember that day?
Yeah
Well that was quite a project
Now who was it was both Porto Volca Brian
What was the name of that place that the Sam Goodies
No, that wasn't the name of it
Oh yeah
Ash
Wait, Sam Goodies is a record story
Sam and you are goody from your ash
Hole
I know some are Sam
Sam, son of Sam
Sam and now I'm confused
Sam Ash
Boy did that place suck
Yeah they wanted
I don't know what to do
It was they wouldn't take his check
And then they wouldn't take my credit card number
And then they wanted to pass it up
Properly
Oh my god
Then where did I finally get it?
Did we get it from them?
Yes
And after a lot of all kinds of grief
But from a different store
Right
A different location
Yeah, whatever that one location was
Maybe somebody remembers
We got a rip of an ash again
Like every six months
Put it on the calendar
By the way, do we have a thing coming
A thing?
Yeah
I don't want to say where
Because John Penis isn't here anymore
No, it was Brian's account
I thought we are on a Saturday
But he never got back to his
Is that because I don't want one of these things to pop up
And then I have to say how come he had ever showed up
I know nothing about it
Seminole Indian
Remember that?
Oh yes
Well, one is there
I don't know
Okay
56070560
Palm 560 on the AT&T wireless line
See, it's one thing about our sales people
And a lot of other people around here
They don't bother speaking to me
It's little as possible
Because they're terrified
Which is what a bunch of pussy they are
So they go in there
And they talk to George
Just like that book that Gary Sarner left over here
Did you ever get a hold of it?
Did you read it yet?
No
Yeah, I read it in between the breaks on the show
Okay, whatever you want Gary, we'll petal anything here
Here's a mobile and deer field, hello
Yeah, I know
Yes sir
Happy early anniversary
Thank you
Calling from the home of cemetery village
Who waits from today?
How do you like that?
Who waits from the day will be March the 1st, 24 years
On the year in this God for second place
You know, I'm going to Amsterdam first time with my wife
I'm going to Amsterdam first for an anniversary
Where do you suggest that stay?
I would suggest you leave your wife home first of all
All right
And secondly, stay at a nice hotel
All right
Like the hotel crown plans would be nice
And is there plenty of entertainment there?
There is lots of entertainment
There is a lot of stuff you'll be very entertained
Okay, good
You're right
Leave your wife home
And Neil, you're good
Okay, I have a great time
What?
So how's the 26 for you?
You see, that goes to show you what I'm telling you
I'm talking about this place
Apparently it's all arranged
And I don't know what it is
But it's not in the town
It's the first time I heard of it
Yeah
Well, that's because he doesn't speak to us
Okay, we have this relationship with the show
And all I'm speaking of the sale of the department
So when is Peter Leonard going to the coast?
Or is that just a rumor that I started on the year?
Yeah, it isn't a bad timing, Peter
See, this is why Peter Leonard schmoozes with Bobby Green
And all the people in the business
And Paul, you over there on Zeta and this one and that one
Because he, he hip-hop
He hops around
He's like a guy that's butterfly and he's
Speaking of butterflies, you know what they call it, huh?
Well, what is a butterfly before it becomes a butterfly?
It's a caterpillar, right?
Right, and if it's a black caterpillar, what do they call it?
A cocoon
Actually, it was a black caterpillar with a speech defect
But that would have been bad
We don't want to make fun of people with speech defects
Here's a deer field, hello
Deer field
That's me
That sounds like you
Hey, I don't have a pig report, Rick
I tell you how many pig reports did I have?
Not that I don't appreciate them, but boy, it's a bug
I got a good BSO story for you
A BSO story, okay?
A BSO story, okay?
Sunday night, pulled over, converged on by three BSO, pulled over, pulled out of my car, and
then pulled out of my car, and then pulled out of my car, and then pulled out of my car, and then cupped
Really?
Growing in the back of a cob car, why?
Because they're looking for a guy in the same car that I have, a Honda Civic
How many Honda Civic are on the road?
About 45,000 every highway
And so I get pulled out, and almost shot in the face
I have a New York Islander's license plate in front of my car, I thought, geez, that's no reason to get shot in the face
No, they should have pulled you over, give you a sympathy card
They should have, really, I'm hurting
So I'm a lifelong I understand, so I'd love to see the Ranger get the crappied out of them
Yeah
Well, I understand there's plenty of free tickets, so I hope you'll see it at the box office
Okay, 5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5
Now listen, the fact that we got all nine lines for the first time today, I hope that they're not taking seriously
That crap about giving away hockey tickets, because this guy laughed when I said it, I'm sure he realized it didn't he?
Uh-huh
Good
I mean being an Islander fan, he's got to have a great sense of humor
How about those islanders, huh?
That's okay, the flyers will be upset, that'll learn their lesson with that, you know, OJCraft
You know, just too many goons on one team
Goon rhymes with cocoon
10 before 2 at 5, 60 W to QL, we got the Rangers, that in fact I haven't given you the schedule for today
Shame on me, that's probably sitting in there getting all rubbing his hind legs together
Like an insect
We got Hank in the studio, we got Geltie on game night at 6 o'clock night
Geltie's gonna have some great rumors by the way about Bluff going over there to kiss their fan to be the PD
And about what's his name coming over here?
Jeric Ackie
Yeah, which better not happen
And then 7 o'clock we got the pre-game to Rangers in Panther 730 and then on Waxie
We got the Herakun Vasket Ball, Providence College Friars and Herakun on 790 Waxie at 7 o'clock tonight
And then Ed Kaplan after all of that chazarai
And George was just telling me about what a great guy Mark Vandermeers, which I already knew that
Not always the good guy, but he's also talented, he does a really good job
Nice going, Air Mark, and of course the obvious question is what is he doing here?
We just don't know
151 at 5, 60 W to QL
Gym mandates, toss sports, weekends, right needs, on sports radio 5, 60 QAL
It's just kids getting bigger
You've heard him squeak, you've heard him sing
Now the Ferret Talks dirty on a crystal clear digital recording that can now be yours
Listen to the dirty talk
Picture what he's doing to you
Let his words work their magic
It's the Ferret Talks dirty
He's a Ferret Talks dirty on a crystal clear digital recording that can now be yours
156 at 5, 60 QM saw Hank giving a little piece of advice he said you know that stock
No, yeah he said just keep that word in mind
No, I can't say which one but just kept saying no
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 why in the world could I possibly be given the number with 4 minutes to a little to a clock
How can I be doing that? I must be losing it, am I losing it?
Uh-huh, poor Rick and Suds
Here's a mobile in Davy, hello
Mobile in Davy, yes sir
Davy, how are you doing?
Great, good I just want to say that tonight I'm going to my very first 10th or so
All right, great
And I think that in this town, Pavel Buright is the most underrated, underappreciated player we've gotten in this town
Absolutely correct
And I think that more people I mean forget to heat me a read I understand there's empty seats but there should not be an empty seat in that area tonight
I want to be everybody, there's so many fans here if I don't care if you're an islander fan or a raider fan if you're a fan of hockey
Do you want to see the best thing in this town?
Go see the panther in the world
What do you mean in the town? He's the best player in the world, that's just in the town
I was in the panthers in general, the panthers the best thing we've gotten in this town
Right, the only thing we've gotten in this town that's all we have is the panthers and godfathers and that's about it
Exactly and there are so exciting the ones, I've watched on TV, I've been following them in the paper
And I think that the newspaper guys in this town don't know where the talk to them when it comes to the panthers
Well they've got a lot of company, I'll see their night pal
Alright, see you then
Alright
We love you panther, so yes we do, come on let's get out there tonight, what do you say?
No, come on
No, how about if we give you a hundred bucks?
No, how about if we give you a free parking lot?
No, how about if you get laid there in the arena?
Uh-huh, okay
I'll tell you one thing you can come out and take a look around all over the pentam which game it is
You know some games you look around, there's a lot of real interesting looking people
Other games you come and you look around and you go like, eeeeh
Like tonight that those rednecks were there, wow
Hey put them in the board, put them in the board, where will come on you, I swear to you
Look I was kind of impressed that there was a, I knew he was a listener because you know when a redneck is out there speaking Yiddish
Here's the lady in Poppato B, cello
Hello
Yes ma'am
Hi Neil
How you doing?
Pretty good, I'm excited about going to the hockey game tonight
Great
I'm a great hockey fan, I grew up on hockey in Rochester, New York
Rochester Amherst, go Amherst, go over there
Yeah, right, my day was from Toronto and he used to take us over to Toronto to see the Maple Leafs
And we used to go to Amherst games all the time
Right
Of course when we were kids, a ticket for my dad to take us was like $3 for a kid, something like that
The thing about the Panthers is the big money guys like Wayne Heising, I have definitely placed out the average working person
Like I'm dating a single father, he has two teenage sons
We're going to the games tonight, we got the least expensive tickets, $25 a piece, that's $100
Jesus
And we're going Saturday night because I got to see Yogurt
Right
And the 25 tickets were sold out, we have $38 tickets, that's $162
Oh my god, that's for kids
Jesus Christ, have you got a big fan?
You know, in our home hockey, it's the last great sport, but the big money guys and the big salaries are just ruining it for the average guy
You're right, they're killing it
But we watch it every night on TV that they're on, go Panthers
Alright, see you tonight
Okay
Bye-bye
Final score tonight by the way Panthers 5, the New York Rangers 2
I just say that as one of those people that has tremendous psychic powers, you can feel it, you can smell it
And every time number 14 comes out there on the ice, he does the good number 14
Which is our way wouldn't he, of course, which is God
And then it is the evil obnoxious little 14, which is Theo Ferry
