You represent those of the beastly grot jasker.
It's them, advertiser's for agency.
Now, here's Neil Rogers on 5.60 Q.A.M.
Mommy!
Get it, suck!
Mr. Maddy Leshup, Grand High Exalted Mystic Ruler of Wemmy,
Wow, I request that the near Rogers Rawls will no longer be seen on Channel 69,
but he advocates smoking pot.
It's okay if I do it, but that doesn't make it why.
We believe we provide quality programming for self-aiding skinheads,
Jews like us, with lots of grainy wee ones and self-servating programs we think are cutting edge.
Like SNM3, solicit issues, and played by a living their underwear.
Now, that's good whole-ship television at the table.
That's it.
You'll have to excuse me.
I think it's pointing me.
And keeping without cutting edge concepts, we'll be replacing Neil at night with one of our favorite wee wee ones,
Don McNeil's Wreckless Club.
Thank you for watching, we're making TV swam the weed.
I want to thank Terry Jackson, and to Harold, even though of course it's always as usual with Harold,
and tend to give me a stoch, you know, to overlook me and leave my name out, which is good,
but I'm delighted not to be associated with anything you do with Rami.
I think that is a high honor.
You believe me.
So anyway, a single version buys Wami, and Terry Jackson and a silly commentary column
in the business session today in the Hill writes, what went wrong at hip rash Wami?
And of course, as usual, has no idea what he's writing about.
He mentions every show that was ever on here, except of course, what did we use to call Neil at night?
Was that one of us?
This is Bill Dreck, and I listen to Neil.
I would laugh.
I would laugh.
But too.
This is Bill Dreck, and I listen to Neil.
I would laugh.
Say a little of my little friend.
Oh, embarrassing or what?
Yeah, that's fine.
Wow, Bill Dreck.
And he quotes him all through this article too.
Nice going, Eric Terry.
Anyway, he doesn't mention the fact that I was on there, and of course we really appreciate the tremendous editing
job and a great audio, and all of that.
It was an abortion.
There are people who still come up to me and say, boy, sure like that TV show, it's been offered two years.
Thank God.
Or, well, is that an abortion just like everything else they put on here?
Right.
And it's in the even tens flop, finally, even though they moved to the LA, and it still died,
which it does, because they didn't know what they were doing.
That was the problem.
Like, for the, at least they were consistent, no matter what they tried to do, they didn't know what they were doing.
And all throughout this article, he neglects to understand, because why would you expect the local,
the local, like, Terry Jackson, to understand that the station, the whole very good concept
of these local stations was patterned after the prototype, which is called City TV in Toronto.
But of course, probably never having been there or having any concept of that, Terry Jackson wouldn't know that.
And City TV happens to be a very successful and a very good television station, which, when he never was either one of the,
and so the universe is violent and no more heat, no more marlin, more, what we're going to get is more...
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no!
No, speaking in English that's what we're going to get on the Channel 69.
How poor, how to come out yesterday while I'm glad you asked?
You think the Florida Supreme Court will order a recount of any votes?
563 votes, we had.
No, no, 303.
54 percent, yes, no!
149 and only 26.5 percent.
I don't care anymore, just can't handle it, I can't deal with it.
111 about 20% and I can't play more and today should be at
Today should be at this should be the end. We're definitely going to hear from the Florida Supreme Court today
They're going to rule on the goal appeal of judge Saul's room and
Even though it's CNN is saying well Martin and and the Seminole County cases may of we'll get it today
Make no mistake about that. It'll be a single person that I heard all the talking heads
We're saying last night. This is it. It's over today
So then Monday, what are we going to do on Monday to it? We'll take a poll
Are you happy that it's over something like that? I'll pull today
We're doing something we do about every six months to see if there's anybody actually listening
Neal's demographic survey is what we call it
Which are you and we have it broken down and you know if you can go to Neil Rangers dot com
Probably you can figure out which one you are or maybe you can ask somebody you know
Democlatory non-Hispanic male women's got the age 1824 25 to 54 55 plus we're dealing with non-Hispanics
Hispanics black and even Asians and etc. All there be like 8 million categories on there and figure out which one you are
Or not in case may be
So we're just in a waiting game again
Let's say Florida ledger
We don't care about the Florida Legends latest special session doing all because we know what they're up to we know
That's all about a little band of Nazis
We are but you know of course
They'll be more empowered if these decisions come down against go which is highly likely that would they will
And even though some of us were highly impressed with the jury richman and he did a great job
He's fantastic and I'm still I have tears in my eyes to think that a bitch like Rosanna Dana is in the Congress and a
Brigadier like this is gotta go up there and you know
Do nickel and dime law work for what 25 20 30 grand an hour something like that
Poor Jerry Richmond baby. It's this breaks my heart very sad
I see that the Michael Mayo
Made a desperate attempt after I ripped the local media yesterday for not really telling them like it is about the Panther organization
Made a very feeble attempt pretty weak as usual Mike
Winner is versus winers and if they're just writing an article about what's really going on in the organization since
He doesn't really understand the game or who most of the players are or the bad deals that Brian Maria's made say doing that
He's comparing you know pat Riley and what class he's got
It's part of the heat losing the lawns of morning and the panthers winding and making excuses and it's very weak in fact
There's even the show that it came right from this show
There's even one line in here. It says the Michael Mayo writes
Great now they're striving. What is it now they're striving to be boring not just bad and can somebody explain to me this
Fascination with Peter were well. Well, you think that came from huh?
Oh, Melissa got the name spelled right nice going to Michael Mayo right about something you know about which your hockey is not one of them
But you got a lot of company in this town
Let's take a caller Westchester. Hello
Hello, yes, sir. Oh, okay
Well, there was a call on there. I figured we better get you on you might have something important. I think I do
I said because anybody seen George W's brother in New York
He's you know the back the woman with a vacuum scandal what about it? Yeah
You know, there's been around
Have I seen him? I
Looked at the mirror this morning. I saw you when I was shaving
Also
How stick change?
Oh
Boy like I said it's gonna be all over today, and you know what I say to that
God because listening to you bozos out there to not to make my hemorrhoids pop Jesus Christ
Was that was that what it's all about is that we do every day on a show is talk to people just like that who think that's a very clever and very cute and very
Very something even answer Jesus Christ
Man oh man is shevets get a brain and get a wife pal
Then talk about the super soliast Josie Lambyton his super silly some floating cider column
OJ Simpson makes six six large a week from his NFL pension
But the fallen pig skin idols having credit card issues these days
Once time spies it co-cada groves greens three cafes a old saw OJ there with his daughter and two of bugs that come
Always the orthos they say but it's a minute not a misprint in the Sun sentinel
He presented his visa card to pay for the $50 meal the card was rejected twice
How do you like that?
$50 and a bearer Simpson then scrambled a scrap enough cash together to pay the tab once a regular with a little sandwich joints
I was patrulli Simpson hasn't been back since well
He's got an embarrassment factor
I mean he's not a birth about murdering those two people
But he's embarrassed about his credit card because it looks bad you know it'd be bad
So that's the good news is that OJs haven't trouble making in
Neat
Wreck them and that makes me very very pleased maybe it can borrow from all of his good buddies like
Or somebody like that or maybe Sam or maybe somebody else in this building at among mentioned no names
Yeah, you bought 50 bucks from their music. That's what some of the ant suckers in this building
So everybody's sitting back on pinnacles you see that no calls everybody's kind of sitting back waiting
Huh, that's okay. We can handle it. I
Go to public so last night to try to get some more of that car solutions some more those bottles of that stuff
Whatever the hell is it or going it all gone long gone?
I said a peer or under this morning, they who just refuses this man just will not listen to anything that I say already
Somebody says because he's so hyper and so drugged up all the time. They never shuts up long enough to listen
I said this stuff is great you just got it
And he just came all listen. Here's great stuff
And it tastes great and the actions of food products are garbage like I said yesterday and the sad part of it is once again
I've shot myself in a foot. I've done it again
talk about some great product that I find and
All of a sudden it's off the shelves. We can't find it. So I want to screw myself again
One Jeremy will be proud nine minutes after ten to five sixty WQM
No question of the program may be lucidies without the
WTM this is our task group and cooperatives. It's Friday. You first
Yeah
Paul
Ready
Sarah
Paul
I want to wish them a merry Christmas,
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas while it's smoking all the time.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas while it's smoking all the time.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas while it's smoking all the time.
I want to wish them a gift.
Police get my fun. Police get my fun. People get me in a parking lot. I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas. I want to wish them a Merry Christmas. I'm a smoking. All of my fun.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas. I want to wish them a Merry Christmas. I want to wish them a Merry Christmas. I want to wish them a Merry Christmas. I want to wish them a Merry Christmas. I want to wish them a Merry Christmas. I want to wish them a Merry Christmas. I want to wish them a Merry Christmas. I want to wish them a Merry Christmas. I want to wish them a Merry Christmas. I want to wish them a Merry Christmas. I want to wish them a Merry Christmas. I want to wish them a Merry Christmas. I want to wish them a Merry Christmas. I want to wish them a Merry Christmas. I want to wish them a Merry Christmas. I want to wish them a Merry Christmas. I want to wish them a Merry Christmas. I want to wish them a Merry Christmas. I want to wish them a Merry Christmas. I want to wish them a Merry Christmas. I want to wish them a Merry Christmas. I want to wish them a Merry Christmas. I want to wish them a Merry Christmas. I want to wish them a Merry
Christmas. I want to wish them a Merry Christmas. I want to wish them a Merry Christmas. I want to wish them a Merry Christmas. I want to wish them a Merry Christmas. I want to wish them a Merry Christmas. I want to wish them a Merry Christmas. I want to wish them a Merry Christmas. I want to wish them a Merry Christmas. I want to wish them a Merry Christmas. I want to wish them a Merry Christmas. I want to wish them a Merry Christmas. I want to wish them a Merry Christmas. I want to wish them a Merry Christmas. I want to wish them a Merry Christmas. I want to wish them a Merry Christmas. I want to wish them a Merry Christmas. I want to wish them a Merry Christmas. I want to wish them a Merry Christmas. I want to wish them a Merry Christmas. I want to wish them a Merry Christmas. I want to wish them a Merry Christmas. I want to wish them a Merry Christmas. I want to wish them a Merry Christmas. I want to wish them a Merry Christmas. I want to
wish them a Merry Christmas. I want to wish them a Merry Christmas. I want to wish them a Merry Christmas. I want to wish them a Merry Christmas. I want to wish them a Merry Christmas. I want to wish them a Merry Christmas. I want to wish them a Merry Christmas. I want to wish them a Merry Christmas. I want to wish them a Merry Christmas. I want to wish them a Merry Christmas. I want to wish them a Merry Christmas. I want to wish them a Merry Christmas. I want to wish them a Merry Christmas. I want to wish them a Merry Christmas. I want to wish them a Merry Christmas. I want to wish them a Merry Christmas. I want to wish them a Merry Christmas. I want to wish them a Merry Christmas. I want to wish them a Merry Christmas. I want to wish them a Merry Christmas. I want to wish them a Merry Christmas. I want to wish them a Merry Christmas. I want to wish them a Merry Christmas. I want to wish them a Merry Christmas. I want to wish them a Merry Christmas
we also have the buttons.
City Sub's and Hollywood on chair in the street gets the staff over there
doesn't even all up first.
From the 11 to 11 10 the food will be there.
Yeah, the food will be there for about 10 minutes till they go.
Oh, the free loading staff just gloves it all up.
Also, since we're trying to make a do undergrant for Planned Pair
to this year and having a hell of a bitch of a time getting there,
I just don't understand this unless maybe we just don't have any audiences.
That's why I don't think we're not doing appearances anymore.
That's it.
Oh, yeah, we don't want to do that.
Yeah, we used to raise just a crap load of money on those appearances.
Didn't we?
No.
No, a long time ago when they were in the stores, yeah,
that's the only way people could get them.
If you don't have enough of those stupid picture cards now, then forget about it.
So anyway, Joe Costello today for Planned Pair
and it will be in our QAM van with the best annual stuff.
Well, from 11 this morning to 1 this afternoon,
the by the Assound advice on federal highway
between Oakland and commercial in prestigious for Lauderdale.
So we'll good luck to us.
5 6 7 0 5 60.
This flip spice one given the weather again.
That's what everybody's going to be doing today.
We just saw it for time waiting for the big word,
waiting for the final shoes to drop.
And it's really interesting because I told you this tonight,
I'm looking at the first people.
I mean, because there's no emergency,
our demographic survey here.
You got all weekend check in on there.
But it's interesting.
All the non-Hispanic categories are filling in now first.
Any Hispanics on there?
No.
Yeah, keep trying to tell you that I got my thumb on it.
I haven't been doing this for 25 years
without having some concept of what else going on.
They're gone, baby.
They're down the road.
They're waiting for a univision to come on here
and start going.
They're showing me the yellow key.
They're long gone.
All your Julio buddies.
Because they're still pissed off and fired up
about little alien.
They don't like what we said.
Well, you know what?
Too bad.
Oh, I like that.
That was good.
Here's a call in a mobile group of city.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing?
OK, sir.
Listen, everybody talk about the right-of-the-trunk
of the balance of the galaxy.
What about it?
They're off-shitting it off.
All right.
That's how bad the country is.
Great.
This country is backwards.
Maybe OJ can be binded.
Yeah, really?
I was going to need a card.
OK, thanks for the good news.
Hey, we can use his visa.
Isn't that just delicious?
The fact that he was in a restaurant in public
and his visa gets turned down not once, but twice.
And that's just start scraping.
He was probably shaking people around a little bit.
Like that spot I was talking about yesterday,
at the VBAT, where they're shaking the people,
they're shaking the change out of their pocket.
Shake it and down.
I hate to use that term.
It's a good thing he didn't go crazy,
because he got rejected.
Now, he don't like rejection.
Oh, that's it.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T
and Verizon wireless lines.
Here's Water Hill.
Hello.
Well, that sounds good.
Hello.
Heel.
Yes, sir.
Bad phone.
How good.
What kind of phone?
I think that's the one I was.
What is it?
OK, caught.
What I had no idea what he said, because I was busy.
I think maybe you're right.
Maybe that is why I'm also.
Well, we'll find out.
Yeah, the phones continue deteriorating here.
And as our programming language is doing,
involving this in any way, oh, they just keep wandering
around the same aimless, mindless goofballs.
They're not involved.
They don't care.
And if they don't care, what else should I care?
NASDAQ's up 132 and the Vows Up 100.
That's the way we like it.
And that's the only thing about the less than an hour.
I want all this court news.
So it's coming down.
See, I know a lot of the poor people out there
who pissed off at me.
See, I can't please anybody at this point.
That's why I'm delighted.
The fact this is the last presidential election
that I'll be on the air for.
This is it.
This is the end.
Because when the election in 2004 comes,
I'll be retired.
I'll be long gone.
I'll wait.
I'll see the postcard.
I'll send you some good read.
I will be long gone, baby, because you just can't
please anybody.
You got the people on the one hand who, if you get just
like way back before the election,
that one kid, that hysterical kid that was calling
every day, that punk, just psychotic.
And if it wasn't sufficiently shilling for Gore,
you call him, you son of a bitch.
Remember the day that I said I wasn't in a vote?
Called in, I thought he was going to have a stroke
right there.
Any of you who's stroking it.
So it's very hard to please everybody.
But the fact is, it looks like it's pretty much over.
And those people who think that George,
you're Nikki Clark up there, hates you,
both of them, and they're going to get a fair shake
from her.
Don't guess what?
Come to find out.
But CNN has reported that Judge Clark's younger sister,
Kristen, worked in the first Bush White House and wrote
a book about it that was favorably
disposed to the elder George Bush, pop a book.
In fact, according to a synopsis of her book,
the first to speak, a woman of color inside the White House,
she became wildly fond of the president
who we learned shook hands with and was bombarded on by her
one-year-old son.
How do you like that?
Labrised attention on her proud dignified parents
frequently intervened with her bosses on her behalf,
and completed a personal check to a foundation
that started up in her mother's memory.
How do you like that?
So the pop a book and Judge Clark's sister, very, very tight.
Here's Hi, Alia.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
I just wanted to make a couple comments on my first time
color.
And I just wanted to make a comment.
I think a couple days ago, you were saying about Republicans,
mandate being based on hate and a totally agree with what
you're saying in the mandate.
They didn't have a mandate.
They said the Republican philosophy is going to be
all about hate.
Well, the philosophy is all about hate, yeah.
And my brother's voted Republican for about, let's say,
the last two presidential elections.
And I've pointed this out to him.
You're not white.
If you're not a Christian.
And if you don't believe in their ways,
and they don't want anything to do with you,
and they don't want accepting this country as an American.
And he told me after the impeachment trial
pissed him off so much that he's never
going to vote Republican again ever.
Yeah.
And I just wanted to make it better.
Better and better later than ever.
That's good news.
There's one right there.
And I just wanted to let you know that it's, to me,
it's just, I didn't even know how to express it.
It's very, it's very sad days.
I think, God will not come out on top.
And I just, I think they're going to have these hateful
people running the country and deciding things for me.
It's a very sad day for me.
Well, they're not going to be citing very much because the
Congress is split right by the middle.
They're going to have a good lock.
And they're going to be.
They're going to have a lot of problems, especially.
In fact, this is all over these next couple of days.
If the hero of the others come in and count the votes
and kind of find out that it's a totally illegitimate
president, so he's, he's just going to be a lame duck.
Yeah.
And I had a, tell me the lame duck in his vice president
will be the lame duck.
The first line of the, I'm a amateur singer songwriter that I wrote
and said, I became a Republican in a white sheet.
And that's the way the song's going to start out.
And it's just feel that it's, I don't know how to explain.
I heart express myself.
But it's something that really, it upsets me to just me being
an American that these people will not accept me.
Because either I'm an atheist.
Oh, God for all of you.
Oh, God forbid.
Damn God.
For bit.
Wow.
Don't say it's so loud, man.
That's not a good time to be doing it.
Just because I don't believe in their fables about something
that happened 2000 years ago, there has no, there has no,
you know, like basis.
I'm ruining my life in any way.
It happens to have a lot of people that, you know, sure,
there's some great moralistic stories in there.
If you want to take something from that,
but that they want to put this blueprint on my life is a total
of front to my intellectual freedom.
And to just everybody's intellectual.
Well, I think you got a nail pal, like part of that expression.
Have a great day, pal.
Thank you.
This two-show pass will be OK.
We'll be OK.
We shall overcome.
Come on, let's say let's put our hands together.
We shall.
How does that go?
I don't know.
That's their shfarts they saw.
And I see as soon as I mention that,
now we're starting to get some Julios on there on the Apple.
As soon as I mention that, oh, they're a little bit slow
because they got something in their hand.
They can't take it to the computer.
But they love this show.
They're rubbing themselves silly while the show is on.
You know that.
You absolutely know it, especially through that I can think of.
I'd like to see that.
So Joe Costello's here.
He's ready to go out and do his thing.
After you've found advice on federal highway,
be to local and commercial.
And if Greg Reid comes by, gives him a dollar again.
He said he's going to give it back.
That's what he told me.
He's going to tell him, take your dollar and have a nice day.
Yeah, that's right.
Now, I won't say I can't get over that sort,
because I know that it's true.
But to be such a cheap prick and to be like flaunting,
if that's what really distrust rates everybody
in this building, to know that his wife's father
invented the milk carton.
But anyway, so all you people don't forget.
Milk tastes much better out of glass.
Always did always will five six seven, oh five sixty,
pound five sixty on a AT&T and Verizon wireless lines.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
If Bush wins, I'm going to muscle, grace and turkey
and see if Bush can electric use that turkey
for Christmas.
OK, great.
Hope you have a great time and a safe flight.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello, Bill.
Yes, sir.
OK.
Neil, I can't wait to be found.
I put everything all this garbage behind us.
Behind us.
Behind us.
Behind us.
Behind us.
And the American people can once again do what they do best.
And that's why they're asked for their bare hands.
And it's smell their fingers.
OK.
All right.
There you go.
All right.
There's something if you're born this weekend.
I think this guy had a great idea.
He said the American people do that very well.
Wipe your ass with your bare fingers and smell your hands.
And yeah, keep you busy.
And maybe everybody can talk to him.
Compare it.
Maybe Monday, we can do that because there
will be a damn thing to talk about Monday.
Once this stuff's all over today, probably
be getting the rulings during the show today, which
would be great.
But Monday, it'll be the worst Monday ever, probably.
So we can talk about which flavors came out.
Which, who was sniffing what?
Your rights, sir.
Everybody getting all worked up.
And then I get sucked into it.
You know, I don't know how I long myself get sucked in.
But probably because it's expedient for business.
It's not personal.
It's expedient for business because it's something
to talk about.
And of course, obviously, they don't have much to talk about
because they're all sitting there with their twirling
their thumbs.
OK, when something's going to happen,
when just going to be over with, when the market
going to really go start skyrocketing and get our money back,
all the way that we lost.
By the way, if anybody out there bought some ass
devs from mid-church, that's the true story.
What I told you, I don't want to say that he bought the,
I don't want to say rumor on here, but he bought certain people
that stock at $120 a share.
And it's now a nice even five.
What would you do?
What would you do to people who gave you advice to buy stocks
at $120 a share?
And they wound up just a few months later at $5 a share.
Shootin' in the leg.
Yeah.
And I hope you have good aim.
I mean, that's just, I don't know about you,
but I get a little bit frustrated.
I get a little bit testing.
I mean, I have enough problem with Xerox,
but at least I only came in at $25, as opposed to $125.
And that's only one that I mentioned.
There are some other ones on the list too, like dish TV.
Hey, let's not get started with all that stuff.
OK, people want to hear you belly
and get about your stocks, the lot of money you're making.
These people out there in the audience,
they're trying to grind out an existence,
and I commiserate that with them completely.
Want me to just do that?
No.
Go get it from Greg Reed.
27 past 10 at $5.60 W.
Don't show up!
I ain't f***ing dumb!
Oh!
You've heard him squeak.
You've heard him sing.
Now the Ferret Talks 30, on a crystal-fair digital recording
that can now be yours.
So this is the Ferret Talks?
Listen to the dirty talk.
Oh, what are you doing?
Picture what he's doing to you.
Oh, what are you doing?
Oh, what are you doing?
What are you doing?
Let his words work them that.
What are you doing?
What are you doing?
What are you doing?
It's the Ferret Talks 30.
What are you doing?
What are you doing?
What are you doing?
Available now for $69.95.
Order today.
10.32.5.60 WQM.
And another group that I pissed off during a selection
of the old Jews, because first of all,
I was called Librimans Julie,
Berman, which really offended the sensibilities.
Oh!
Some people out there have no sense of human in the first place.
But that's too bad, because that's exactly what he is.
He was a chigger and a wood pot, one of the biggest.
And then number two, of course,
I was picking on those old Jews up there
who had the hoods, but a vote for a Nazi for president.
How do you like that in Palm Beach County?
That'd be a good poll for question.
Maybe on Monday we'll do that.
Which county takes more of the blame for this mess?
Palm Beach or Dade?
I don't think that'd be too much of a contest
because Dade County is always just really just blows.
Dade, in fact, here's a county that even tried to change
their name because they were so embarrassed that it worked.
No, we still know what they're up to.
Miami Dade County, my big fat old Faggity-ass, huh?
Miami Dade County changed their name
to try to protect the girl they didn't work.
Mayor Punga Pakenia.
And you know something, he's not,
he's here, they'll find something.
Who want to be in the Infraur?
There'll be something because he's sucking up
to the right people, those toothless old bastards down there.
And he'll always have a place to go.
Maybe aliens will join, huh?
But they turned that into a museum or something,
somebody said, somebody bought it,
and they turned it into something like that.
A shrine or something down there.
I think it'd be great if it would sell a square
little burgers down there at that house.
Would that be great?
And if we'd go over there, everybody, yeah.
Here's a mobile and book, hello.
Is this me, Niel?
Sounds just like you, yeah.
Yes, me, hey, Joe Listenity, and every day
I find something more that we have in common
that you mentioned to Stocks,
and I got a portfolio that's 95% down.
I agree with you.
95% down?
Yeah, yeah.
You know, you would think Stevie Wonder picked my portfolio.
Wow.
Or a matured maybe.
Yeah, you know, but you know, it's all part of life
like you said, it's people like this struggling.
So at least, you know, at least I have to 5% less anyway.
But the other way to look at it.
Yeah, you know, like you, I'm just so sick of this whole thing.
You just wanted to go away.
Yeah.
I want to go out of wind and like you said,
now it's just give up and go on.
You know, something that, if Gore would have been a great candidate,
if he would have been really dynamic,
if he offered us some tremendous hope for something good,
then I'd be really bummed out.
But the fact is he deserved to lose.
You know, he threw it away.
It was his to lose and he lost it.
Yeah, it was like we were voting for him.
We were voting.
Right.
Exactly.
Exactly.
And you know, the only thing, of course, they say I agree
with so much of you, especially we religion,
we're not going to take up all your radio time
with all the things we agree about.
There is one thing that maybe you might kind of want to lighten
up just a little bit about because there was a guy
on a couple of weeks ago that I heard when I was riding up
to North, on the way up to North,
it's brought up in the name statistic
about Bush's great grandfather who contributed
or backed a Nazi party or something.
Yeah, some crap.
It is a statistic that I think maybe you got to just lighten
up a little bit on Pat's YouTube,
and I don't know if you know this,
but the little moments back at his father
was killed in World War II.
He followed up a guard tower.
Okay.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That's the boss of the day.
Yeah.
Yeah.
He's going to make those people in Palm Beach County
if he ever worse those old Jews were voted for Buchanan.
Oh, well, I hasten to wedge since I'm talking about
Jerry Richmond, what a great attorney is.
You know, I was watching him on one of the 85 talking
anchors last night.
He said because he was in Palm Beach County.
And he said he voted there with that butterfly bow.
And even he almost voted for the just aforementioned
Buchanan that Nazi son of a bitch.
How do you like that?
Speaking of Nazis, I almost forgot.
I'll be this morning.
Guess who's dead?
How many guesses do I still get a Nazis?
Let's say, not just he helps.
Not strong, I'm determined.
Not you might mention my name's right master.
Go.
Oh, that's a winner.
Clemperer is dead at a JV.
I didn't see that.
I'm glad they're coming.
Thanks for reminding us.
I forget about those dead people because there's so many of them.
Maybe it's going around.
Oh, you know what else is going around?
That then mad cow disease.
See, I got the worst luck.
You know, I get my apartment and Amsterdam.
I got 85 weeks vacation year.
I'm having a great time over there.
And now all over Europe, it's not just in England anymore.
Just in now all over Europe,
they're having a nervous breakdown about mad cow disease and epidemic.
Huh?
What do you think about that?
And they showed some of the people it, it, it, it, it, and it incubates.
You never know whether you ate some of this stuff or not.
And then all of a sudden, when you least expect it, it starts doing it.
And it eats holes in your brain.
Nice.
Yeah.
And it eats holes in your brain, which may splurge.
And maybe they're going to change the name because mad cow disease,
maybe like Greg, we disease would be better.
These are the whole big ones in your brain.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
It's going to be tough today because we're sitting here killing time.
And I'm not going to lie about it.
Okay.
We just kill and time waiting for the final decisions to come down.
And all these hysterical people out there, all the little old ladies and ten of shoes
who are all whipped up to a friend.
Oh, we've got to count more about it.
Just give it a rest, though.
Ready?
Okay.
I've been waiting to give it a rest for several days now.
And then just one 3D moment yesterday, remember when Jerry Richman was doing that thing
we were finding it sounded like there was a little bit of hope left.
Is there really any hope?
Oh, no.
And life will go on.
And all these blue nose brown shirts, they'll, you know, be getting all squeezing themselves
and getting all drunk this weekend and puffed up like a big bull for all.
And that's it.
But life will go on.
Here's a mobile and key log, though.
Hello.
Good morning, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I've tried to resist calling, but I have to.
I appreciate the breakup from the not in this sports people.
Like average Americans, I am truly part of all this mess.
And I really don't care which one gets in now at this stage.
Yeah, it's a little bit late.
A lot of the key Mr. Green span in because he's the guy that keeps us green, you know.
And he's going to be speaking again today at some, he's back in some other speech.
So I hope that this is the one he made the other day.
Yeah, me too.
Like I say, they've all attended on him for the past how many years and well, they keep him will be alright.
I'm a little disgusted with all of them.
I think the difference in our goal on a puppy is eventually the puppy will quit whining, you know.
Yeah.
And he's had bad experience being with Mr. Twenton all these years.
And I hope he gets to that.
I hope he's in there training as Mr. Twenton, you know.
Don't, don't, don't, don't, the best unless he starts drinking big time again.
Well, you know, and he's also a panicked party.
Yeah, yeah.
Well, Twenton was enlightening too.
You have a dream you can have that much pleasure with a cigar, you know.
Right.
And so anyway, he was good for the cigar business.
Everybody's talking about, you know, pharmaceuticals are going to go up at Bush.
He's going to get all these other big businesses.
But the fact is, the garden is going to be in the crapper because I guarantee a bush can't hold a candle to clean.
Well, yeah, there's something he said that too.
And Nephae won't be a popular reader.
Right.
Right.
We're on the white house.
Right.
So anyway, thanks for letting me express and I hope to help you get all of this pretty soon.
All right.
And have a great day.
Although, maybe that'll make you come back.
Or maybe he'll just take a powder.
I mean, I'm talking about a BC powder, of course, because that's bigger in the South.
Like RC Cola and BC powder.
How come things in the South just like I'll have initials?
See you there.
Yeah, I was going to say because maybe so there's our dumb.
Who there's another ugly stereo set that you're contributing to by that disgusting comedy is,
even though of course it happens to be probably very true.
21 before 11 at 560 Q.A.
This is 560 Q.A.
F.
But Neil Roger shows you sports radio 560s Q.A.
Now, Bob, we want to tell you something.
You're all about to send him a picture.
I just tell you what you said.
What are they saying?
I'm going to wear this old kite on the phone.
You're going to throw it away.
That's right.
I'm going to say, fuck you.
Excuse you.
Excuse your language now.
That's right.
Excuse your language.
Are you?
I'm going to say, fuck you.
Excuse your language.
I'm going to say, fuck you.
Excuse your language.
Excuse your language.
Excuse your language.
Excuse your language.
Excuse your language.
Excuse your language.
Excuse your language.
Excuse your language.
Excuse your language.
Excuse your language.
Excuse your language.
Excuse your language.
Excuse your language.
Excuse your language.
Excuse you.
What are you guys going to?
Joke c···
Excuse my language.
Excuse my language.
Excuse my language.
Excuse my language.
Excuse me even more.
trênouse, tu aware io la moto chère postpones su dreге í la botégal çarez videote se
de ne Exec Springs de la la botégal whirring
augure.
For what I need?
She's my dream girl, but I just can't be
She's a boundless and she's landing
She's no learning she's a diamond
I'm not a fool, I'm not a fool
I'm a boundless and she's landing
She's a boundless and she's landing
She's not short and she's looking over the body
She's looking over the body
She said, you're out there listening
You said there's a squeezing at the listener
So, if they got their earwad up close, why next to it?
I'm not a fool, I'm a boundless and she's landing
She's a boundless and she's landing
She's a boundless and she's landing
She's a boundless and she's landing
She's a boundless and she's landing
She's a boundless and she's landing
She's a boundless and she's landing
She's a boundless and she's landing
I get sucked in again, down, getting sucked so much lately
I don't even feel good, but it's...
I get sucked into the emotion and hysteria of all these people
that are all with stuff about this
like this was something all that important
and it's almost like a step away from alien
It's not that important
It's not that important
I mean just because he's going to have a finger on the button
and one finger on a bottle
Yeah, and another finger up the chainy rectum
She's got those words in her white order
But at any rate, I mean it's just not that important
Life will go on
Just to have a little bit of a few laughs
Because now, like the other day, I'm driving home from my mother's yesterday
and nice lunch, Ma
Yeah, a few scallops, little mushrooms, nothing too heavy
And that's it, and I'm doing great with my await
and with my card
If I could find my damn card solution stuff
But anyway, so I'm in the card
I flipped over because I'm going into a commercial break
and I flipped over to Georgia's favorite talk show hostess
and I'm going to tell you something
I still have a little bit of odd shit
I thought I was getting my IBS back
but I am, it's definitely not that
from listening to that hysteria
shrill, shrill, and just
and I'm on the edge of my seat
and I'm driving like a little faster
if I'm there, I need a
and Ellie, the judges got the wrong rolling
and it wasn't the 81 law was that I had
Oh Jesus God, how can you stand there?
How can you stand there?
How can you handle it?
Because she's better at homework
She's doing what she's talking about
No, she makes it sound
or unless you know what she's talking about
That was my first impression too
Now as far as all these lines
I mean would you consider who to be a judicial expert?
Is that what you're talking about?
She seems to be out on what's going on
Yeah, in other words she was more about it
than like to jug up there in the on-counting
or the Florida Supreme Court
See, I started to get stuck in that too
and I thought boy, she's done a lot of reading
and maybe even got a law school or neither
and then as I kept listening for about three minutes
I'm thinking to myself
you know this is ridiculous
like when you come on here and you know more than everybody else
then I start having a little bit of a problem
You know what I'm saying?
I will say that Jimmy is a genius
567-0560-050560 on the AT&T
and Ruan has a technical appearance too
What more could you want?
Huh?
We're still waiting for the verdicts boys and girls just don't
don't get nervous all you old parts out there
they'll think of a band in you
We got CNN on here
Here's the proof
It's a CGS at Al Gore
How do you like that timing?
Nice going Neil, thank you
But if something happens you'll be the first one to know
we'll have a pop it right on there for you
and then we can go back to have it a good time
and forget about this crack
I mean if you can't, if a country can't even hold a frickin' election right
what kind of a country is that?
If a state can't get anything done right
what kind of a state is that make it?
Probably Florida
Here's Highland Beach, hello
Highland Beach
Here you go!
Yeah!
How you doing buddy?
I'm going to run for a long time here
Alright
Alright, hang it up here about 15 stories up
I just want to condominium paint my butt off
Yeah
Paint my butt off
I'm not sure
but I'll pay you what?
Maybe technical or like Jim's penis
Yes
You are definitely my king
Yeah
And I've been listening a long time among them smuckers
that you like to talk about?
One and what?
And I just like to have a good time listening to you
Okay
I thought there was something really profound coming didn't you?
Oh see it's my night and I have a day again
Come on let's say something important about this election about the judge
the hang-in judge and this judge and the sparsher judge up there
You're going to say it?
No, damn it
Not that I want to keep it, they want to keep it now
they're not going to give it as much as they can get
Because like I asked you this morning before the show
what's going to happen come tomorrow once you know
this is all becomes a mood point
and they've all ruled this and that and it's all over
there no more appeals
Will anybody be watching CNN?
No
MSNBC?
No
CNBC except on the stock tickers run?
No
And my good friend Ted David is on?
No
We'll be watching when you're on Ted but other than that
You think he's still down here?
And don't comment again Ted because we don't want to get any more trouble
I feel real bad if a good judge for like Ted David
but two first names got fired because he went on the event said that the market was like
or whatever he said to him
No I said it that's right
Wasn't that great in his refreshing honesty like two cost of comments to the mayor?
Well I thought it was sensational
In fact I think the new president of the new CEO or GE
would probably interested in hearing those
Here's a camera, Akkala
I knew how
Pretty good
Ted I think everybody else I'm getting kind of tired of all this cool
Yeah enough already
It's just the ponderous
But I have a 15 month old
so I kind of feel an obligation that's the same form
so when he gets older
because God knows we're kind of in there going to have on this
Yeah
Also
We're talking about an independent group recounting the ballots afterwards
Yeah
I just hope that they don't keep in a one place because we remember what happened at the Reichstag
and I think we might see an incident like that a piece of wrong in one place
Yeah
Yeah
What else?
I had some things scribbled down here
Oh I think I have the answer for why God lets disasters and diseases happen
And what is that sir?
Well being on the portal station you should probably realize that God has a lot of these
and God damn sports contest
He's got to worry about so little small potatoes like disease and disasters
He don't have time
That's what I've always said
He's busy worrying about the football games
That's why all these jobs are preying and pointing up in the sky
Oh yeah thank you Lord
Thank you Lord
The Lord did it
A couple more quick things if I could
I think a good solution for the Bush family might be to let them become our world family
Take the county's place
Take his role from County Bunkport
Oh they already have
That's what this is all about
And then like Tony Blair says the Paparazzi could have to follow them around a little bit
Right
And closing tonight is Craig Werving's last night on the air
And no I'm not a papa I'm only 33
Why is it his last night on the air?
Well he's on that Jamaican station you know right?
Yeah
It's 1580 he started with two hours I believe he went up to five hours
Yeah
He went back to two and now he's down to one so I guess they're kind of moving his death closer to the door
So I think his last night
Poor Craig
And I think I was in if you wouldn't mind if you could find the Miami Panderer song
I always try to sing that for my wife but
The Miami Panderer?
Yeah
How was that?
Um
I thought I'm not the Miami Harold
That's human guys with his white wire bear shirt
Okay, I think it's a little more kind of
Okay, have a great day
Thank you
Good luck to you Craig you'll need it
Craig Werving one of the good guys in the business that everybody's forgotten about pretty much
Because you just got stood right out to the side of the door
Got screwed over I don't want to mention the Mr. Ego's name money ever got screwed over big time
But that's that's the way this business is it's brutal or get to you
All you got to do is be a survivor that's one of the reasons I'm still here is I'm a God damn survivor
And even CBS hasn't discovered me yet
560 705 60 pound 560 on the 18p and Verizon while I was lying there's over what's his name there?
Jim Greenfield gives us a week analysis tonight
The same thing on CNN
His weak analysis yeah
There's one of the if you look up the term meeting mouth and the dictionary will find Jeff Greenfield's picture next to it
Which is one of the main reasons that few people with the brain ever turn on CNN
Here's Port Orange hello. Yeah, how you doing? How's that?
Uh, so do I already?
Yeah, um, we did the thing is if our next president is Mr. Bush and we have these ceremonial but very important
Procedures where we have had to stay from other countries and they have a ceremonial post
We're in an alcoholic beverage. Oh, yeah. Well, we'd be serving grape juice. Yeah, we'll be serving the juice.
The juice. I've made even the juice will be serving it. He'll be juice in it. Uh-huh.
You have the debt you used to do with Mandish when he wandered into some massage parlor and some guy gave him massage.
Now a few years. No, the religion Shula. Oh, that's the Shula and Mandish bit. Oh, it was great. Okay, you got it back.
We're playing all bits today and it honored to kind of like we in our way offer this crap.
That way and even those of you who think that it wasn't crap that it was like life in death, I mean you just you just have to have a little I don't think it's under Shula.
Man's under Man's in Shula, is it?
Huh? We'll find it for you. I just I just want to make sure I know it's in there because I've played it once every you'll find it.
Oh, it's Jim and Don's and what's it affair?
Oh, like I said.
Oh, you know Jim's marrying St. Simon being practiced.
I just thought we'd steal a few fine moments of time together.
I don't mind if I do.
By the way, what is that you're wearing?
It's basically a G string. Well, you look just fine. Now why don't you get over here? Make me feel like a man.
Oh, right.
Now take it in, Mandish. Come down. I'm tender.
You know, put a squad on this thing and I'm gonna wrap it all year long that out now. Man, did that told you to take it easy now.
Get off of me, you. You. You turned round, those are you checked out. I've had about enough of this. I'm out of here.
I love for you. We'll always be.
That's just.
Like I said, it's always press Friday. Let's lighten it up a little bit. Let's lighten up a few notches even your sparsers out there.
Lighten up a couple of shades and we'll all get along a lot better over the weekend. I guarantee you that.
5, 6, 7, I've fired the Murray weekend too.
That's a good idea. I'm on that Colorado game. I'll be there and maybe we'll have a new GM and a brand new coach.
Oh, I want to say that bookshops is a sucker. We like him. He's a good guy. This is not personal with business, but he's a sucker.
Another one of my in the car experiences, which is the only time I listen to the radio. I'm both a sewer aspect.
I just searched my car.
Solution stuff, which they didn't have in my public.
3D pressing and their books. It was on there talking about the Panthers and just the meeting miles and I mean the worst meeting miles and about Terry Murray and almost defending.
You know, I just defended the indefensible.
Just like he was almost defending Dennis Miller. They when he's filling for Hank on through the book.
I love you on those ball games. You do a wonderful job on the play by play on the pre game on all stuff he does associated with a Marlon broadcast.
Luke Shamby is great. That's his niche. That's his thing. But doing a talk show with that.
Oh, brooster.
Man. If that tongue gets any darker, it's going to be a they're going to make any legal in the Broward County of here in the empty.
You won't be able to cross the Broward line and it's right up the old Hershey highway here. God almighty. What a sucker.
1056 at 560 QAM.
430560 WQAM by heavy port Lauderdale of these little lines. Group station. WQAM dot com or the world.
It's Friday. You first.
Good.
All right. Just I'm an outfit.
We all who float it in two down and when I read the heroes, I just can't put it down.
In all the three goals, the way that I try to get.
The only army how to change its name is that we have the anger.
The anti-hander. It makes my tongue more. More. More. More.
It's perfect for a town where there's no life to do this town.
Outside the flood, we do the best.
Night robbing at the ends and juicing juries to the end.
And the attackers to the air against an obstacle.
It's completely dead. It's in that that story.
I read this when I get the case of black team squirt and then I wipe my hands on my wife.
The battle rush.
The anti-hander.
The anti-hander.
The anti-hander.
The anti-hander.
The anti-hander.
They're a well-clad city.
I think yes.
What is your channel for?
I'm going to want to five 60 WDQM.
Anything happen yet with the no.
No, no, that's tough.
Special legislative session.
You're going to be playing Uberala, South and Palo Hansi as your legislature in action.
It's ready for their four thousand bushel actors.
Just in case any of them get ill on December 12th.
But at any rate, nothing's happened.
No announcement from the Supremes yet or from the hang-in judge.
Judge Jeff.
It was the twin brother.
Wasn't it that time list?
Okay, yesterday. He was bizarre.
I understand. He's frustrated.
He's all worked up into a frenzy.
He's trying to convince himself that Gore is going to win these things.
And is there anybody else saying that?
No, no.
They're saying, well, we get it our best shot.
Yeah, we're doing the best we can.
Here's a call in Hollywood.
Hello.
Hollywood.
Going once.
Going.
Here's a mobile in April.
Hello.
Neil God.
Yes, sir.
Did you get that thing on news about the federal execution that they put off?
No.
First federal execution in 37 years.
Drug lord murdering.
I'm not sure what he was.
He was some type of minority.
I think it's panic or some sort.
But the minorities really tell him that he's the next few because he's the minority.
First one in 37 years.
Now tell me, Neil, do you think this guy's going to become a big gourd supporter?
Because he's just going to fall in the hands of the next president.
You got a six month stay.
You got to know he's not one person there.
Yeah.
But they, I don't know.
They just put it on now that they put him off for six months.
Well, maybe he can do some good drugs in that time and whatever.
Okay, thanks for the good news.
Do you have any idea what he was talking about?
I mean, I get the general gist of it, but the minority stuff.
But he was trying to, no, not probably what he was saying.
He was saying that if Bush gets in, they'll fly those guys ass or give them the needle in about a half a second.
That's what he was trying to say because Bush likes, you know, he likes it.
He likes it.
He likes it.
He likes it.
He likes it.
He likes it.
But he also likes killing people.
And he's killing me.
I'll take it that way right now.
I kill most of us.
There's Miss Pymey, Mark Potter.
That's how he case.
That is she here just to be all breathing on circuit court cases expected soon.
Now that is me.
We're going to get a ruling, but a briefing is expected any moment now.
What is that?
That was the wrong button.
Well, I'm getting the revision excited too.
I'm coming to part of the goddamn scene.
You see that?
What I meant to go was, of course, if we had more room on here,
and have this damn stupid thing from the keyboard and the way of that,
oh, seriously?
Well, you've done it in here.
What?
Well, you just don't have enough room for all this stuff.
But of course, once you get that new little high-tech phone in here,
that we're supposed to have gotten.
Yeah.
5.670560.560 on the AT&T.
And Verizon Wireless One.
Oh, there's people, baby.
I'm watching it right now on my screen.
There's people like Millenamount.
Here's a guy shaking his microphone and shaking his booty.
And enough is happening.
And Mark Potter is going, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, like that.
Oh, the Murray's just got fired.
Oh, I made that up.
Wishful thinking in my part.
How can they still be there?
Haven't I told you for a long time that they both have naked pictures of built-in at Billy Goat?
Oh, yeah.
Maybe Tori's just wearing his bow tie a little bit too tight these days and can't finger it out.
Yeah, they're getting ready.
They got the microphones they're putting in place.
We're going to be briefing on the rulings from Judge Lewis and Judge Clark,
who's sister comes to find out was being in the bush.
Here's a mobile in Weston.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
I'm doing great.
Man, I'll tell you what.
I have been an avid listener of you.
Probably 20 years.
Thank God.
Thanks a lot for people like you with their stick to it, or sticking with it.
Oh, man.
And it's always different.
I mean, literally, you know, you got always something fresh.
Always something fresh.
That's what my mother always said.
She said I was really fresh.
And you have cracked me up more times where I had almost a little tinkle come out of me.
Yeah.
That, my daughter is home from school today.
She's sick.
Really?
That's what I was talking about.
Oh, wait a minute.
Hang on a second.
Hang on.
He's going to give you an advisory update on where we stand right now.
Okay, everybody.
Hang on.
Hang on.
We've got a chance to confer with both judges.
And at 12th of the day, we're releasing both opinions.
Oh.
Down here in the Rotunda.
Oh.
The judges are going to prepare a short statement for each of those.
That's what it's really like this guy.
It's a real thing.
It's a ruling.
And very fast for read that which shows the ball to the top and the beach of those ruling.
So at 12th 30, right here.
Right here.
Did you hear that?
Yes, sir.
1230.
It's an hour and 24 minutes of light.
Can you stand the pressure?
I really can't.
Wow.
I don't know whether the two, you know, the old one.
The screen reader banana.
Exactly.
Okay.
What can we do for your daughter?
My daughter would love anything that you got with the Backstreet Boys or Britney Spears.
She would absolutely have a make-up feel better.
Okay.
She would love you, man.
Is she listening right now?
She's here right now.
God bless America.
Alrighty, sir.
Thanks.
Bye-bye.
Sing.
Sing it out with coming an hour and 20, three minutes.
Right.
Like this is the same.
Like this is the same.
Look at you.
This way with night, if you want.
These outfits are planned.
They just take your hand.
Welcome.
We got it.
We're swimming night, day.
We look alike and we're divided.
We sing light, but just a little bit brighter.
I wish for you.
Our agent says we got a stand.
We're swimming night, day.
Our biggest fans are 12 year old girls.
Super as she is as a beauty.
Yeah.
The best is older than all of the girls.
We're hiding our latency.
One day, it's for sure.
I'm here, day.
It's for sure.
What a world of girls.
It's for sure.
What a world of girls.
It's for sure.
It's for sure.
It's for sure.
It's for sure.
It's for sure.
It's for sure.
It's for sure.
It's for sure.
It's for sure.
It's for sure.
It's for sure.
Oh, my god.
Is it green light?
Sure.
I was in a car ball 1,000.
First of all, Kickstarter has more
talents than he was ever had
and he was not a pineapple.
Okay, let's ask head-wash.
Okay, that's not I carried away.
the pressure I can crack in.
Oh, crack it in the pressure.
You can almost smell it.
Let's see the NASX up on 16 and the dial is up 57.
That's kind of like a limbo.
That's based on this morning's economic news, but of course, if these ruins go for
brooch, then you're going to see those markets are going to go skyrocketing up there,
so it's kind of like a win-win proposition for some people.
And for some people, it's out on the I'm so far to figure out.
Unless you have a S.G.
9 minutes after 11 at 560 W.Q.S.
And I'll put it back in.
The holidays.
Everyone loves Christmas Carol.
But until now, no one has ever written holiday songs about that other big holiday this time of year.
That might be a bit until now.
Introducing Pancake Carol's A.D.
Carve it, Carve it's all these lights at Christmas.
It's ain't something new.
It's a new day, and now it's been your time.
You can take care of it on CDs.
It seems like a fatal as it gets you powers and hours of holiday music to get you into the other spirit of the season.
On the I'm the day of time, my mom's a cake, okay?
I'll chop with a certain slice of cornbread,
but take a lot of swath and ears of this.
I heard of the old traditional song.
The holidays.
Here's the whole new tradition you get tired of almost before you know you, and the bike,
and gentlemen say, oh, you know what we think is baby, damn.
Carve it's a big, true town.
Pancake Carol's unpeady.
It's a holiday collection.
You just can't sit there.
It's 11.15 at 5.60, WQA, and we got real pressure now.
And I want to quarter the clock is ticking and man, it's running down my leg.
I'm so excited about this.
I just about to prosper, beginning it over with.
Finally we can have some closure.
Oh, let's get some closure, baby.
Both absentee ballot warnings to be released at 12.30 when the little hand hits the big hand,
and this isn't going to be one of those deals we're going to have to wait around forever in a day
because they've already got them because they're in writing.
So they've already got this stuff and they released them first to the parties involved.
And they also, okay, call us when the party started.
5.670560, don't forget Joe Costello's waiting for you.
So they're now, they, I think the girl, oh, the girls in the view, oh, are you sure?
I mentioned that.
He gave big crowd out there from a girl.
Ant for Joe, but I mean, you know, the girl is just chopped liver.
Just keep your hands off them, okay?
Anyone with a gel and Joe Costello on a Q&A with the best of deal stuff right now
until 1 o'clock at the sound advice on federal highway between open and commercial import water deal.
And if you're not there, buy up those t-shirts and the best.
Now, do they have any of those buttons to give out?
Huh?
What?
Do you have any of those fantastic buttons?
Yes.
That's your father's.
He does.
It is just him.
It's just his all alone.
He's all alone.
Even there's nobody there.
Oh, boy.
How sad.
But he does have those buttons.
But he does have those meat and if he buttons, which those are for free.
But the other stuff, of course, is not for free.
The season because that's in the t-shirt.
But we sure would like your money for plant parenthood.
There's nobody there.
Nobody.
Wow.
Pretty depressing.
Better get your ass going, baby.
Your Joe Costello is going to get fired up and pissed off.
Don't forget also George's mom.
But you'll have more people than that.
Well, like I said, well, you'll have people there to eat the free food.
It'll just be the health.
Now, why are you ripping the help over there for climate law?
Aren't you going to have to put up with them for two hours tomorrow?
You don't care.
They don't speak to you.
Exactly.
Oh, I see.
Let's speak in English.
Like I said, look for George tomorrow under the Aguaya Barra pile.
From 11 to 1, it's the Abil Siles Nissan in Miami on 36 feet just west of 27th Avenue.
We also find Abil Siles and Mr. Bishin Suzuki.
There's a lot of the best meal, so you need to set them to your shirts.
And fluid free food gets there right at 11 o'clock when they get there a little before in fact.
Provided by our good friends at Atlantic City, Subz and Hollywood and Sheren Street.
Here's Homestead.
Hello.
Homestead.
Hi there.
Yes, sir.
I'm a little sweet here.
I just wanted to point out an article out of the New York Times today first page of the New York Times.
Evidently, Doug Siles does not get along too well with the Ella Court and Supreme Court.
According to the New York Times,
he had 198 cases of the Appellate Court.
We used it and he was reversed 61 times.
Wow.
He's been recommended by the Supreme Court of the State of Florida.
And it says that five of the seven members are still on the court that are classified as the last signs.
So I don't think the fat lady is warming up in the right upper house.
Okay.
Did you see on the news yesterday?
They did have a fat lady that brought some big fat black woman down there and she was singing away up there in Tennessee.
Is it okay? It's all over the fat lady of singing.
You see that?
She looked like anto a mama.
Okay. Thanks for the good news.
So we're still holding a little bit of hope.
Oh, yeah.
According to what, let's see.
Boys, team files, motion would photosoprene court.
And I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
I think that's a good news.
Wow, that show could use a personality transplant already.
Here's a mobile in Orlando.
Here's a mobile in Orlando.
Hello.
Hello, Dale.
Hello, Dale.
Yes, sir.
Hey, just some two days in Disney, dropped $1500 and not sure on what.
But taking the next back home and having a tell on it,
But taking the next back home and having a tell on it,
That took Willie's rendition of that's going to impress me much.
That took Willie's rendition of that's going to impress me much.
Uh-huh.
That's going to impress me much.
I think that's going to impress me much.
I think that's going to impress me much.
I think that's going to impress me much.
I think that's going to impress me much.
I think that's going to impress me much.
I think that's going to impress me much.
I think that's going to impress me much.
I think that's going to impress me much.
I think that's going to impress me much.
I think that's going to impress me much.
I think that's going to impress me much.
I think that's going to impress me much.
I think that's going to impress me much.
I think that's going to impress me much.
I think that's going to impress me much.
I think that's going to impress me much.
I think that's going to impress me much.
I think that's going to impress me much.
I think that's going to impress me much.
I think that's going to impress me much.
I think that's going to impress me much.
I think that's going to impress me much.
I think that's going to impress me much.
I think that's going to impress me much.
I think that's going to impress me much.
I think that's going to impress me much.
I think that's going to impress me much.
I think that's going to impress me much.
I think that's going to impress me much.
I think that's going to impress me much.
I think that's going to impress me much.
I think that's going to impress me much.
I think that's going to impress me much.
I think that's going to impress me much.
I think that's going to impress me much.
I think that's going to impress me much.
I think that's going to impress me much.
I think that's going to impress me much.
I think that's going to impress me much.
I think that's going to impress me much.
I think that's going to impress me much.
I think that's going to impress me much.
I think that's going to impress me much.
I think that's going to impress me much.
I think that's going to impress me much.
I think that's going to impress me much.
I think that's going to impress me much.
I think that's going to impress me much.
I think that's going to impress me much.
I think that's going to impress me much.
I think that's going to impress me much.
I think that's going to impress me much.
I think that's going to impress me much.
I think that's going to impress me much.
So Monica, you lost 40 pounds.
That's no impress me much.
Well, you got the right one.
Well, you got the right one.
Well, you got the right one.
Well, you got the right one.
Well, you got the right one.
Well, you got the right one.
Well, you got the right one.
Well, you got the right one.
Well, you got the right one.
Well, you got the right one.
Well, you got the right one.
Well, you got the right one.
Well, you got the right one.
Well, you got the right one.
Well, you got the right one.
Well, you got the right one.
Well, I tried to cut the brakes on her car.
No offense, but I think I'd rather sleep with Kevin Star.
Once she gets murdered, I think her arms grinks your hat.
Big old wigs, and an estimate.
Oh, I think she's a big girl.
Oh, I don't want to say she's something else.
So Hillary, you're going to be a senator from New York.
Not no, but press me, my wife.
Well, you got the right one.
Well, you got the right one.
Well, I have a wrong one.
You're all right.
Well, that's what you got one.
Well, I have a right one.
Well, I have a right one.
That's not a press me, my wife.
Thank you.
That is my state of the women's dress.
I love you.
This is 560 QAF.
She will, yes.
I quit, and my addiction.
I'm a back who likes to get involved.
I'm here to become a physician.
It's not for that kind of all.
I'm getting sick of you.
That's all there is to laugh.
You're so excited.
This is New York's inside.
There was a bird of big crowd.
Who is that crowd?
It makes me cry.
Hey, here is who I invited.
I invited the coach downstairs,
and he told me he wanted to have me,
I'm your heart for the finish!
I'm not a born-of-digit, you are my greatest friend.
I'm bound to do a sick good, I like to do wear a thread.
I hate that story, darling.
I hate that that story, darling.
I don't know what's the last time I've ever wanted to say it to you,
I hate that story, that's who I am.
I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that
I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I
hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate
that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that
I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I
hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate that story, I hate
We got 41 minutes ago, baby, we got 41 minutes ago, baby, we got 41 minutes ago, baby, we got 41 minutes ago, baby, we got 41 minutes ago, baby, we got 41 minutes ago, baby, we got 41 minutes ago, baby, we got 41 minutes ago, baby, we got 41 minutes ago, baby, we got 41 minutes ago, baby, we got 41 minutes ago, baby, we got 41 minutes ago, baby, we got 41 minutes ago, baby, we got 41 minutes ago, baby, we got 41 minutes ago, baby, we got 41 minutes ago, baby, we got 41 minutes ago, baby, we got 41 minutes ago, baby, we got 41 minutes ago, baby, we got 41 minutes ago, baby, we got 41 minutes ago, baby, we got 41 minutes ago, baby, we got 41 minutes ago, baby, we got 41 minutes ago, baby, we got 41 minutes ago, baby, we got 41 minutes ago, baby, we got 41 minutes ago, baby, we got 41 minutes ago
What along did I see you speak with the�d
that has been written up in some British newspapers
that have done some investigations.
And the couple of things that I was thinking about,
this number one, you know, a lot of these things
that are being, that the courts are not ruling
on like the butterfly balance and so on,
you gotta figure that a lot of attorneys really
can start it on this stuff to make sure
that they just sell within the legal limits
of what you could get away with.
I'm already tricked.
I don't agree with you.
I don't think they do follow the legal limits.
Well, I don't mean that.
I still think they can butterfly the legal.
I still think it's illegal,
but the fact is that courts are low,
they'd like to say that they're lower
through overturn the results of elections
or new elections.
So even if it was close to being okay,
they were not going to well over.
And then the supporters of being provoked
seven that I think was the unanimous decision
that they weren't going to throw it out.
Right.
Well, I just, I think that these are cases
which are just,
there's room there to think the other way.
And I totally disagree with these decisions,
but I think that's what's going on.
But the other thing I want to say are these.
You know, we talk a lot about how the Supreme Court
will go the wrong way if Bush comes in.
It's not just that.
You know, this guy will not be so bad at all.
It's not going to happen now.
Whether it will be,
whether it's going to be split on the middle.
No, it's not going to happen.
There are going to be any extremist Supreme Court justice
who are going to get confirmed.
Well, I'm going to add some of the things
that he will probably do is put in executive orders
that change things like affirmative action
that nobody can do anything about.
You know, that kind of stuff I'm concerned about.
He's going to get what he's doing.
He's going to do like Jed didn't for his
going to get what affirmative action.
I say, I say Viva La Bouch.
I'm all for that.
Okay, the last thing I want to say is this,
where are the former presidents,
including George Bush,
about this far-to-legislate you're saying.
Where's Carter?
Where's Ford?
They should be standing up and saying,
you know, this is truly young democratic.
Now, they're going out fishing together
as soon as the top of Bush's head
heels up they're going fishing.
Okay, hang on another 38 minutes, pal.
Hang on tight.
Okay, see there are people out there still holding out hope.
And I think that Randy was right
because I think she knows her stuff.
She did her homework.
No, who would you believe that?
Stupid Jed Salz has been overturned
80 million times with a goddess who's done her homework,
even though she's shrewd and very annoying.
It's better about George's.
Fives it.
Well, I mean, I just, I'm sorry,
because if I didn't know her,
I'd say, okay, well, it sounds credible to me,
but when you know somebody,
well, maybe she took some classes since she was at IOD.
In what, technical or penises?
5.6705.60, maybe Jim is them coaching her.
Pound 5.60 on the 18 and T and Verizon,
and one of us lying, boy, the clock is ticking away,
ticking away.
Before you know, it will be 1230.
No, I think she's right.
I think this Jed Salz full of crap.
I think he's using the 88 lines,
supposed to be using the 98 lines,
and I think that the moon is in your reinies?
I haven't got any idea.
I don't know.
I know nothing about that.
I'm glad.
I'm glad I know.
I think Bob not an expert, but obviously she is.
And if you keep those cackies on long enough,
starts to have it in effect.
No, it doesn't.
OK, we got two lines with it on the board.
Vogue, we're out of steam here.
They were not making any money out there.
It's a goddamn van.
Our pole's going along OK here.
Maybe that's what they're all doing.
Maybe they're putting their thing on there.
Although, why?
This is this thing, Bob, I'm going to say it.
I'm not even going to say it because that'll make it worse.
5.6, because I don't believe they have surveyed.
We have people out there, even if we do just a demographic survey,
they like to play games with it and skew it and did it around.
And I'm just, I'm not buying it, but you have a good time.
5.670560, 0560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Cooper City, hello.
Now, yes, sir, once again, the voice of reason and sanity.
Yeah, listen, I was sitting here watching CNN and the
interview, George Bush.
And one of the reporters, different in the team,
I don't know, and laughing, and she asked them,
well, what do you think about the allegations
of Black voters?
Wasn't Scyther Jean, wasn't it?
I don't know who it was.
So she says, what do you think about the Black voters that say,
that they can get a chance to vote?
Yeah.
And what would you do about that as president?
And he says, well, as you know, more African-American turned out
as opposed, more in the polls than ever before.
So he's now, he's probably answered the question.
And he says, well, you know, aren't you concerned?
And he says, well, yes, you know, of course,
and all of a sudden, he's already going on to the next question.
And he's like, and so and so, and he's like,
and he starts talking, and he just completely cut it off.
And he couldn't get away from that question.
Oh, we know what he would like to do with the Black voters.
Chisten Illeg, and then he...
Pull him down on the way to the polls.
So then he says, oh, well, and he interrupted him,
while he was trying to answer someone else's question,
before he completely left her out, how do you...
There's less field. He didn't even answer.
Yeah.
So then, he interrupted him again, and then he says,
well, we're working on that in the courts,
and then he went on to the next question.
It was hysterical.
And he is such an idiot.
When he answers questions, he starts talking,
then he stops, and then he thinks about what he's going to do.
And then he starts talking again, and then he stops again.
And he never really even answers anything in any kind of complex.
Well, thank God for that.
Let's just hope they keep them a real low profile,
you know, back there in the video game,
and the White House, that'll be good.
Keep them out of the way, so that dick care can kind of run things.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, you've got every line of it at one call on the board.
Let's take it and we'll work it out of here.
We'll run for it on a day.
What do you need?
Yes, sir.
Hey, how's it going, man?
All right.
I was listening yesterday.
You were talking about that club in Venice,
and how it feels like the police trying to shut it down.
Yeah.
And you're absolutely right.
I mean, it's forwarded, and it...
OK, look at that.
They just chopped this phone off, too, right here in mid-sentence.
The Gestapo, chopped this phone.
OK, this is it.
This is up to you, because we got 30 or 4 minutes to go.
I can play some nice music in here, some of my Fag music,
between now and 1230.
Or we can get some calls.
It's up to you.
Because it's the end of the week, and Monday is payday,
and you're right for the go on, one way or the other.
So we'll see.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T,
and Verizon Wireless Live.
This is 560 QAF for 30 or 560 WQAF by Andy Port Lauderdale,
a beastly, right?
Yes, it's a man, WQAM.com for the world.
It's Friday, you wear clothes.
Thanks for being here.
Good answer, thank you.
I was with this Monday.
I think a ride, just a giant, too, would be.
This is the cheap, and that's the cheap.
This is the cheap, and that's the cheap.
That is cashless, not the rich.
All the rest, who is the cheap, she can't shake that fake TV.
She's wide and wide and wide looking like the real cool,
that's the cool.
Look at her nose, we can hire no,
she's a very far-down old too.
This is the cheap, and that's the cheap,
that's the infertile of faith.
Just not to walk your feet, when you near her well,
it's just like I got a bad habit of jumping like a rabbit
when the music turned me on.
I know it sounds happy, but I'm full of damn happy
that you didn't hear me at all.
This is the cheap, because we were dumb.
I shake them, sounds, and turn them off.
That is that for 85, that's that's the cheap.
Really fine, here's the cheap, that's the cheap.
Here's the cheap, that's the cheap.
Here's the cheap, that's the cheap, that's the cheap.
That's the cheap, that's the cheap.
Full fit, full seat, little boot, full sitavel,
just out for some fun.
From 92-28 minutes away,
it's the meantime the Florida slide challenge.
The cloth is on the right, there's special discussion
going on, that they're all rising,
There's the hybrid Kimber Jr. APA Tom Feeney.
You're up top of that, Matt.
But I just, one article, it's pretty interesting.
It says, a preemptive vote in the Florida legislature
to award 25 electoral votes to George W.
Before all legal challenges are resolved, could make every future presidential election outcome
with a margin of less than 1%, fair game for legislative meddling
and partisan state-by-state retaliation.
Just keep that in mind.
But we don't have time to worry about that, because we're like,
not only 27 and a half minutes away from that big moment,
at 12.30.
I sure wish we knew when an example of Supreme Court was going to be off the pot.
They're probably like sitting back and saying,
okay, well, that's way for these damn modded judges,
and we'll see what they do.
And then we'll see if we have any balls or not.
Even if the dark care are complex and drawn on here.
Here's a lady, mobile and Cooper City. Hello.
Yes.
I'm calling in regards to some of the remarks that have been made.
You know, Gore, I don't know, he doesn't show me anything for eight years.
And if he couldn't carry his own state, that told me a lot right there.
And how in the world does Jackson know that,
I don't see that.
Yeah, that's just him.
No, that all these blacks, these votes,
that didn't get counted.
These blacks were his.
These blacks, these coins, yeah.
Huh?
Yeah. How about the service men?
Those votes, they don't get the votes.
Their votes aren't counted.
Well, some of them might be black.
Well, that's what I'm saying.
This is not, you know, black.
What do you mean they don't get the votes out?
Because all your absentee votes from overseas.
Yeah, they weren't counted.
They're throwing them out.
They're throwing them all out.
Yeah.
Oh, they're throwing them out.
Okay, thanks for the good news.
Woo!
Oh, didn't somebody tell her that flush was on?
Get her on the right channel.
Get her out of my face.
Good, God.
5670560, 0.560.
And that's books to you, honey.
0.560 on the AT&T.
These blacks.
Oh, you could just hear it.
You could hear, as that one guy would say,
the Ventum in her voice.
Haven't played that in a long time.
Where did he go to sing?
Pistoph, just need to try it out when I hear someone say that.
Oh, yeah.
Well, that's right.
It's under a voice mail.
Let's just see.
That's just a little lot of taste of it.
And which guy is that?
Oh, the Pistoph guy.
Come on.
You can do it.
I've been listening to the VKM for, I've shown five to six years.
And I have watched the morning show, evolving everything.
And I have a problem when picking my kids to school
and thinking commercial for the guy that curves
to nasty, nasty things.
And there's no warning.
It just floats out.
You know, f*** you.
And you can hear the bleep.
You can hear the f***.
You know, and you can hear the Ventum in his voice.
Ventum.
Oh, there you go.
And you know, I don't have a chance to play that.
Okay, that's all I can hear.
And it's my hear the Ventum in my voice.
Come on.
Let's get some Ventum.
Ah!
Okay.
It's in silver.
Your biggest fan says,
forget this boring stuff that you get a little backstreet.
So, of course, I did.
What do you think of it?
It's great.
If these bastards don't want to call, play a few trackers.
The little kids that got to see the guy that's good.
That's a good idea.
5.6705-50.
You know, I don't understand what's with this audience.
I just don't get it.
Although I would like to hear like a lot more old,
the Yahoo Redneck ladies like that one.
She was good.
It's my kids.
Yeah, would you explain her what a sparture is?
Both absentee ballots willing to be released at 12.30
and mispartners on her again.
And advanced notice.
They'll be meeting with the judges.
Well, he could you use Chuck Alpheur, you know.
Wow.
He's got a ball spot the size of Massachusetts.
Here's a mobile in Port St. Lucie.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
How you doing?
All right.
I'm sorry, man.
I never realized that Florida was so redneck-y.
Why not?
Well, you must not get around too much.
I'm a drug rep for foreign fuel company.
Right.
And I never realized that the center of the state
was one big red bulls eye, you know.
Uh-huh.
But then over here on me, I treasure cubs.
You got it.
But the thing I want to make a comment on is I have an MBA
and I'm fairly well educated, which I can't say about your last call or...
She was great.
Oh, yeah.
That was you.
Wow.
I'm telling you to take your next vote to Mississippi.
Oh, she's on the way with the Banjo Under thing, yeah.
Well, the thing that I have a problem with is with the way the election will want,
I don't really care which one of them wins, okay?
Because they're going to be pretty hamstrung either way.
But the problem I have is if you're going to start picking which votes you're going to count and which ones are not,
that any time you have a close election, then basically guess what?
I mean, we should make the voting machines like a machine out in Vegas,
when you pull the slot.
And sometimes your vote gets counted, guess what?
You get a big loser.
You know?
And I really have a hard time.
The people who were afraid the counties bow it because I think they're setting a very bad precedent.
Well, they should have recounded the whole state.
I've been saying that from way back when it was time to do it.
And it could have accounted at 10 times of all of this time.
But the fact is that they didn't do it and now we'll have a...
We'll have a phantom total.
No matter what the number is, it's going to be a phantom total.
Oh, exactly.
And you know, people who mock our Supreme Court, the State Supreme Court,
hey, these guys have never been confronted with things like this before.
You know, they're using presidents from 1898 or sometimes that one Jesse James was around.
You know, I just, like I said, I think the people really need to sit down and...
Now, it's not like I got the wrong Jesse down here.
That was the problem.
We need Jesse James.
Yeah.
Well, all I want to say is I really believe.
I really believe that people would pay attention that criminal acts were committed in some of the old.
We're Jesse James.
And I really, you know, just like those seminals, you know, on a gator.
I think that the seminal is probably criminal.
So, you know, what can I say?
That's what Bobby Bowden always says.
But anyway, I good luck to join the...
I guess 65-year-old quarterback.
Can be that jator meat.
There you go.
I'd be in a gator alumni.
I was trying to get Joe Montana to come back to school.
You're a gator alumnus and you're shocking to you that there's all these red necks in Florida?
Well, yeah.
Your memory must be slipping.
You better get some of those Alzheimer drugs ready because you're getting early stages.
Well, I came down from New York originally.
I mean, I came down to New York.
I mean, was back when 95 wasn't even finished.
Right.
So, back then they all were still back in the wood.
And now they've kind of migrated to the coast.
Now they're under way to entry.
Okay, listen, good luck to Westpout.
Take that.
Go do some counting.
He's counting on it.
21 minutes, baby.
1230-year-old.
We get the two big announcements.
I bet you this, you can open a window.
You can smell it.
Oh, believe me.
Oh, boy.
The pressure was tremendous.
And you know what?
At about 1231 or 2, everybody in this audience, all depending on which side they run,
I'll do that if a big fat one.
And a good cigar too.
From Mixer Gars.
That's what I say.
I wish I had one.
A big fat one or a cigar from Mixer Gars.
Oh, you're going to start on a fracking in that asshole.
Why not?
In our sales department.
That's silly-ass Martian or whatever hell he is.
He is an asshole.
Right, I couldn't have said a bit of myself.
He is pathetic.
And a thief.
He's not just an asshole.
He's a freaking thief.
The Neil Roger Show Sports Radio.
560s.
Q.A.
And here I'm back.
Now, from Washington.
The McLaughlin Group.
Featuring Eleanor Cliffs.
Jack C'mon.
And sitting in for Pat Buchanan.
New York Giant Tiki Barber.
Now, here's John McLaughlin.
Q.A.
George W.
Rings of Vault.
Eleanor Cliffs.
Well, John, I'm off to session.
Wrong.
Jack C'mon.
Well, that's not an easy choice.
Wrong.
Tiki Barber.
I'm going to have to say to both.
Wrong.
Actual answer.
Law Exercise.
That's where the new one is joined.
Yes, initial.
Al Gore.
Favorite Broadway show.
Bring in the noise.
Bring in the func of cats.
Eleanor, do you think you're swallowing off?
Well, John, I'm going to have to say.
Wrong.
Jack C'mon.
Jack C'mon.
Well, that's a very difficult choice.
Wrong.
Tiki Barber.
I'm going to have to say, right?
Not a choice.
Tiki Barber.
You gave it answer less than I was in a choice.
Wrong.
Correct response.
Cat.
He loves us.
Wrong.
Next issue.
The cats of big brothers should be murdered.
How?
Eleanor.
Wrong.
Jack C'mon.
Dynamite.
Wrong.
Tiki Barber.
I don't think they should be tiered.
Wrong.
Actual answer.
Poison cutting.
Bye.
Bye.
1215 at 560 WQM.
My favorite.
I love it.
I'm squeezing it.
So how's your doing over there?
It's got 141 bucks an hour.
Maybe red came by and gave it another dollar.
Haven't heard?
Haven't even heard from Joe Crackley.
No, they're not.
Well, maybe he's so busy over there.
Really?
Huh?
No.
Yeah, like you're going to be busy tomorrow at the Bell Sightles Nese on there.
I'm taking a deck of cards.
If we got all these Holy Ores Westman like it says in our poll here, which I'm a little bit dubious,
that if we do, George 11 to 1 tomorrow, Bell Sightles Nese and I am on 36 weeks as West of 27th
Avenue where you'll find Bell Sightles, Mitsubishi and Suzuki.
I love the best meal CDs, cassettes, t-shirts, and free follow from Atlantis City Service in Hollywood
on Sheridan Street.
And free buckles from the leather world.
For the 35 seconds, the free food gets the real because the staff over there, there are a bunch of hovers.
You didn't even know what it means.
It means...
Yeah.
There's nothing new.
And I was really looking at it.
If the investment of the abundance, too.
Joe Crackley's still on the meantime right now as we speak for another 44 minutes all of them.
Oh, by the way.
What?
People are confused.
Is it a little bit of abundance?
Federal between order and order.
There's just too much.
Is it a button or a keychain?
No, no, not keychain.
So when you say buttons, a lot of people get out crazy thinking it's the keychain.
We don't have any more keychain.
Goddamn it.
That's right.
But they think that these are called buttons.
I didn't know.
Yeah.
Button that you pin on your shirts.
Yeah, these are like round buttons with...
And they're great.
They're...
How do I describe them?
They're best in your buttons.
They have a thing on them.
A caricature of me.
And when I came you up in the ear and some cute stuff on it.
But anyway, you'll see they're free.
Five, six...
We are all 13 minutes.
Lucky 13.
The pressure is mounting.
There's gene reserve.
And Bush expects the help.
The report on the federal reserve.
Here's a mobile and Palm Beach.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Hey, how you doing?
All right.
Listen, quick question.
It's okay.
I can't read it.
I've already started these investigations into the irregularities of the black voters.
I want to know if one of your lawyer people can call in and verify that if she's on the way out.
And there's another attorney general coming on the way in.
Right.
No one can just block rocks or black and black and black and I was sure it's not so much.
Can he come in and just say, no, no, nothing's wrong.
I want to cancel the investigation or does the investigation still go on?
Well, no, if they started now, he can't come or come in and just stop.
But I mean, of course not.
Okay, so the law...
Well, once they get in, they can say what was insufficient evidence and forget about it.
But that's what I mean.
If Janet has already had her own bettogers and if he's coming in, what happens if he puts his chromeies in there,
and says, oh, no, no, there's nothing wrong here.
So this is going to cancel all his investigations.
Can they do that?
Well, I think they're going to send her back up there to beat the crap out of him.
That's probably what she'll do.
Okay, and what about...
What about...
What about the truckload of bullbikes?
Oh, boy.
Okay, there's some more good news for us.
And maybe even Mr. Jean.
Then why did they say that they haven't a heart attack?
And we always said that if there's no agreement between capital Hill, between the House and the Senate,
then a whole law in the Constitution takes.
And I think it was like in 1890 something that executive of the state,
I mean the governor, gets to choose who's going to be president.
And you know who that is, right?
A good buddy, Jebby there.
No, I'm taking over.
I'm going up.
I'm driving up to tell I see right over the show I'm going to do an Alexander Hagen.
I'm going to say I'm in charge here.
So I got my passport ready and I'll have to save God help us if I join his business.
A.O. to the seat.
All right, Neil.
I'll do the seat.
I like that.
That's not bad.
In fact, let's play a couple of bars that held to the feet.
Okay, a couple of bars.
He's probably hanging out in the bars.
Well, they just showed him now.
He's been all excited.
They just threw him up to the ranch again.
He said, is this it?
Are we here yet?
What are we at?
Because we're only 11 minutes away.
Boy, he must be squeezing it right now with Georgie Porgy.
He's thinking of himself God.
I didn't believe when they told me they could actually make this happen, but they're making it happen.
Here's Merrimor.
Hello.
Yeah, this is original black man, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I like the caution you about.
The comment you made about it's a pre-imported earlier to a previous forward, not to be complacent.
Because you could have 50 staunch Democrats who were staunchly against ban and abortion.
And they would still have to affirm a nomination because they're the standard they use for whether or not they affirm somebody.
They're not whether or not their beliefs are congruent with somebody else's political beliefs.
So you can for example say you're not going to affirm somebody because you don't like that.
They don't have to give any reason.
Although I will say that they could concoct something.
Although I will say that they have what they're now calling yellow dog Democrats, which I think they can tell a believe they're different.
We used to call them Nazis back then.
I wouldn't get them that soon.
We all used to fully bully Dixie Crats, the Republicans in drag whatever we want to call them.
And of course they're a court and then the Bush people are quoting them very heavily because they're looking for their vote.
Have you ever heard Ralph Nader when asked if he wasn't a little bit worried if he's curious George Goddard that he would appoint justice.
And he said well, our goal was who has been known for lambdasanos, Thomas Sulea.
He affirmed them.
But what he neglected to mention was that even as even though our goal was a post-joice supporter,
you can't just not affirm somebody because you don't agree with the political belief.
Sure you can't even do it for way.
You don't have to give a reason.
Yes, you don't have to give any reason.
But they take the vote to you just vote however you want.
You have to give a reason.
All he would do is keep making other appointments.
People have the same beliefs.
And then you would continue to do it.
He slips away.
Let's hope he slips through his appointments.
Okay, hang in there.
See, the election is over.
I understand a lot of you are getting all worked up again.
The election is over.
I mean, the outcome is over.
It may be about eight or nine minutes or close to it.
But it's all over.
We're not campaigning again.
Are we campaigning again?
And I just don't have the, I mean maybe your girlfriend wants to start doing that all over again
because she's obviously taking the course or two.
5.670, 5.50.
And you know, that young one, I just don't know if he's ever going to come back to reality.
I'm between him and at damn kids' grubby.
What are we going to do about radio in this market?
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hi there.
Yes sir.
I have a couple of comments I'd like to make about the guy that asked about where the
other presidents were.
Obviously, he didn't realize yet that Bush is running through his son and that's why all
the crunies are in their gym maker.
Who needs going home in our company?
This is nothing about George Zobo.
He is nothing but a puppet for the other guys to pull by the same crap.
They did eight years ago.
Well, he's an ace man, correct?
Try to go and weigh the couple more countries.
We have two wars during Bush and now we've gone over a few more to get the country to rally
people.
Yeah.
You better hope he doesn't get a hold of that map of the world because once he starts
finding out where those countries are, then he'll be dangerous.
Another good thing to check with you to see how many of the dead patients from those nothing
homes in Miami end up voting for Bush.
That would be a good place to start.
I think about really one, two hundred last time I checked.
700, 500.
And next time we go to the kids, we probably will have a better view if he goes and gets a
couple oil while I was down there because the US one is looking pretty boring so that would
be a much better view.
That would be nice for the scenery on the drive down.
Thanks for the good news, sir.
Here's Tom Feeney, that fascist pig.
The American politics will be able to go into the first coming debate.
He just makes my skin crawl at Tom Feeney.
He's a meanie at Tom Feeney.
But at any rate, what's the point?
I recall before and said that he's shocked that this is a mugwomp Yahoo state.
Come on, get worded pal.
Just because you're handing out all those drugs to all those Jewish doctors.
We got a few grame in this state too in case you haven't checked lately.
Okay, we're only six and a half minutes away from the bottom of the hour.
I'm just, I'm just coral.
I got goosebumps.
Look at that.
Maybe because it's so goddamn cold in here.
Maybe because I can't get that stuff that I want, the carbon solution stuff.
Do you get any more words from our, no, of course not.
That's for ourselves, the problem.
Do you guys, anything that we want that's really good, you can't do it.
If it's crap, oh, brother, they have an unlimited supply because they're the specialists.
That's their middle name.
Although I will say Peter Leonard did give me that bishops putty, that silly putty when I had my hand in there.
And they, my ass in the sling.
And I do thank them for that.
That's the only good thing you ever brought.
Maybe between the sauces and the bishops putty, the only good thing you ever brought.
What if we wait long enough?
Pepper, putty on the mo!
Hey, you, Jennifer Keppriotti here.
And when I'm at 11 balls on the court, I'm getting stones off my hand.
And I get my best hit off the Jennifer Keppriotti's hottest ball can bomb.
That's right, it's the Jennifer Keppriotti tennis ball can bomb.
Cups will never suspect this innocent looking cat.
Just empty the balls, screw on the ball, fill it with water, and you're set to destroy brain cells.
The Jennifer Keppriotti way.
Ah, this is so smooth.
It's the bomb that sings in the tennis ball can.
The tennis ball can, that sings in the ball.
First, he's benefiting Jennifer Keppriotti, even the defense, but normal approves.
Okay, 1228 at 560 WQ, I'm not gonna ask.
They're all lined up there.
They got some kind of self-rolling in a black motorcycle bracket.
Or is that one of the good stuff I've got?
I'm not saying that's a self-proper.
He says we're in charge now.
You feel like with this evening.
Very similar cases in the sense they involved F-2-T-Ballet, half an old-year-old Jack Mungol,
CNN on there, and Seminole and Martin Kelly.
Only something.
The allegation is that the Republican workers still have outmissing voice and information on the application.
Six months ago, the allegation was in the tweet that the pressure is going outside.
Oh, that's from God.
And then, Seminole County, the allegation is that they did it on the side office.
Either way, the Democratic Planck is safe.
Or all F-2-T-Ballet should be thrown out because the pool is going to be the same.
But I want to say, delay in one ruling.
The decision will be released for 2PM.
But what could happen with these ruling is one of these judges or two.
These judges could throw out enough votes to cross George W. Bush and the state of Florida.
And therefore, possibly, the presidential election.
Now, does that mean?
Right, Gary Tecklin.
Thanks very much.
And of course, coming back.
But now we're hearing those two cases, Seminole and Martin counties, have been delayed in terms of hearing what the rulings are in those two very important cases.
That's a professional.
Ah!
Talk about the big bill.
I'll talk about a bunch of four-player and then just pull on the plug.
The decision, and it doesn't say that they will be a two o'clock, decisions won't be released before 2PM.
Because they want to make sure that their show is over with.
I think that's what it is.
But when you stop and examine that, because that's what the Washington said.
No, seriously, stop and think about that.
There must be some kind of a trigger in the wood pile here.
So look what's on the box.
No, Paul.
I can't stop.
I can't play you.
Yeah.
The bump-funk MC.
Can I say that?
No.
Some of the box?
Yeah.
Put it on there for a minute.
You can't re-examine.
No one is going to use it.
Yeah, right.
Okay, that's enough.
It must be shown European music on there.
By the way, 460.
That's a sat-diad-demanded beef set.
He demanded to be fed.
Apparently he heard you talking about the appearance
in that there would be free food and of course he's a...
I didn't say free food with Joe Castell.
Right.
That's free food with George tomorrow.
But there's a little bit of one of here.
Yeah.
Free food with...
What did he demand to be fed?
I want my free food to a stretch of that kind of stuff.
Oh, is that it?
Well, guess what?
If I don't know that, my dog left some really nice,
one-she-a-materials in a backyard this morning as usual.
And I would have brought him a...
What, he could have bound bagged it.
Dark brown bagged it.
Yeah.
Asso, demanding free food.
That's for you, pal.
Notice the charge.
Enjoy it with relish.
So Joe's got another half-hour out there.
It's their standard device on federal highway
between Oakland and commercial,
where the total is pretty damn weak.
Joe's got to, I mean, the jury...
Let me...
Let me the fat cow come see you tomorrow.
Because it's not over till the fat guy sings.
This is...
We bought the attorneys in as a courtesy to the attorneys.
Typically, if you guys were not all around,
we would notify the parties before we released
to the general public,
and essentially what the essence of the ruling was.
Obviously, in this case,
we have an enormous number of attorneys,
but we still would like to give them that same privilege
before we release it to the rest of the world.
And we have to do...
I'll accommodate that request for a successful couple.
When the attorney just announced it...
Well, because we thought that we were working
under the same assumption,
all of you were that the woodcorns could be a ruling.
And what the party's worth all is.
So they understand that there will not be one
and kill a little lady just after new child life.
And the party's worth 15.
Who do you guys think is the right one?
Not that we know of.
So it's going to be $20.
Yeah, they are here.
These punishments are here.
So they may very well be coming.
All right.
We've had to...
They come down here if they have any questions.
Thank you very much.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
All right.
Thank you very much.
Very good.
Very good.
Very good.
Very good.
Very good.
Very good.
Very good.
Very good.
Very good.
Very good.
Very good.
Very good.
Very good.
Very good.
Very good.
Very good.
Very good.
Very good.
Very good.
You follow what I'm saying?
Maybe they're trying to beef up the security because what they're going to say is going to be really heavy.
Maybe somebody brought in a...
Or maybe they're counting votes right now.
Maybe they're just taking FST ballots and burning them.
Maybe they're getting their car and leaving as fast as they can.
Or maybe they're trying to erase that 12-second gap.
I haven't got any idea.
But 2.15 now.
And I wouldn't bet a lot of money on it.
In fact, if I were you, I'd call up a matriarch and ask him for a stock tip before I bet any money on this.
And I would probably draw my brains out before I'd ever do that again.
No sudden use of my ass jeez real cheap.
In fact, we could have probably bought it for about 8 bucks.
But now it's down to 5 last time.
Well, so now we don't have to watch that for a minute or two.
Let's turn on CNBC and see how they're doing.
There's a market spending voucher.
Dow's up 102 points.
That's really good.
AOL's up almost 3 today.
That's good.
Got some AOL.
Sun Microsystems 39.44.
Motor AOL is back up to about where I bought it.
Very inspired by that warning.
Seeing your people saying I bought motor AOL in Intel, they both won.
Well, guess what?
You guys, they're both doing this fine.
They'll be great.
When you buy great companies, you don't worry about it.
When you buy dinosaur companies like Xerox, it winds up 4 hours and 53 cents, which is just coming across there right now.
Dinosaur, 39.5 bucks for Sun Microsystems.
Do you think we have to leave in the call up matriarch and buy some?
Or at least me?
What?
What is it?
I always listen to Joe or Richard.
Oh, is he on there?
Why the what is it?
It's down there.
He gets this to work.
He's like over your work.
What is he on?
He's over the top.
No indication at all.
We've said repeatedly.
We have no indication at all.
We've said repeatedly.
We have no...
But repeat yourself.
We have to repeat it or it's in pain.
We represent an individual who's protesting what happens,
who in Seminole County, where essentially the Republican Party turned that office into an instrument of the party
in altering things that by law, they had no right to do.
What's...
What somebody goes ahead and does an absentee ballot...
You know something, new people in Dead County, living and breathing people, I feel so sorry for you.
Thank God I got out of there many years ago.
But I'll say it again.
Here is a brilliant, articulate, well-thought, I mean, human being.
A person, a class, a classy guy, a brilliant, classy guy, articulate, I mean, a great spokesman for whatever the cause might be.
And you've got Rosanna Dana.
Because you've got too many of those goddamn one-dimensional, banana boat assholes people down there in Dead County.
I feel so sorry for you.
But anyway, there have been the latest Seminole and Martin County decision till 2.15 pm.
But that's got to mean something to what I started to say before was...
That if they already had announced and told those stiffs to get everybody in there, and they would be released together at 12.30,
then you would have thought that they knew what the rulings were going to be.
When you have thought that, wouldn't that be logical, pardon the expression?
I mean, it was...
You know something, probably the briefcase of what the money came in not from the political parties, from CNN and MSNBC.
Yeah, they're trying to drag this out as long as they can, because they know that as soon as the final decisions come in,
it's going to be quick.
Bye-bye.
I can't comment on that.
It's not customary for judges to confer, but judges do confer for the time that's on the cases.
I think that's what the assistant state, nine percent of all time, is all pursuing from the latches against this board.
We have not.
And I can't believe there's just been no time to do that.
This has been a unique, fast track case.
I don't think anybody's ever put together a try to case as fast as you've had to do it in this case.
What I tell you about that, bitch, he's going to go to jail, or even if they don't wind up throwing the absolute balance out,
purgeery if nothing else.
Purgeery at the very least for that bitch, if you accidentally...
Could be taking care of when she comes out.
5.6705.60, 0.560 on it.
So the service when she comes out?
Oh, and then speaking to people going to jail, how about this special prosecutor now, and they're still making well-blings about, you know,
they want to send Clinton to jail after he gets done?
To show you what a bunch of rabid lunatics those bastards are?
Shale time for board jobs.
This kind of like bedtime for bonds, or that was not the president.
Shale time for board jobs.
Here's a lady mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
I wanted to comment further about the guy that was talking about how Bush speaks.
Yeah.
And the day after the election, I'm pretty sure it was the following day.
I was watching an interview with him and I counted that he said, um, 36 times in about maybe 3,000 minutes.
Mm-hmm.
It was...
It was pretty funny.
Yeah.
I'm glad you enjoy his humor.
Well, that's...
I don't think he's trying to be funny.
Now, he scares the crap out of me.
Yeah, me too.
Stupidity is scary.
Scary.
Okay, well hang on another hour in there.
Whatever it's going to be.
Hang on tight.
Bye-bye.
Oh, in 37 minutes.
Still 215.
Are we believing that?
No.
Well, maybe.
We'll just say, well, maybe.
So what are we going to do?
Because hang on to two, of course, he's in the studio.
Hang trust.
They've won that year with hang could five.
Boogshambi.
Boog who turned out to be a real suckle or a last time when I heard him on the air.
I almost called him up.
I was so depressed.
We'll be on the six.
Pat and PV with seven and the paters at the Atlanta Trash at 730 tonight.
80K after the game.
What are we going to do with, uh, I guess what maybe we'll just hang around here?
So, 215, huh?
And then if they want to put it on or something in there.
I mean, I would hate to interrupt, you know, ball games and scores and stuff.
But Neil Roger shows you sports radio.
560s.
Q.A.F.
It's Friday.
You're fast, dude.
Thanks to her.
We also have B.
She's the one that makes us fly.
Oh, we're a sazer every night.
It's your birthday.
Wally Mowley with her 38 double.
Besides, there's your sister tight.
Wally Mowley.
She gives us young guys quite a ride.
4.49.
560.
WQ.M.
So, uh, thanks for the ride.
I'm not going to be out of two, but he's going to come in here in the studio.
And then we'll, um, we'll just, uh, vamp for a few minutes till 215.
So you don't have to go right and around trying to find it somewhere.
We'll have it right here.
Just relax.
Hey, let's see an end.
Can milk it.
Nemes and DC can milk it.
Can we milk it?
Let's milk it.
If Tom Green could milk it.
Hogan's Hero Star's Warner Clemper, that at 80 mentioned that before.
Here's a picture on CNN.com under website of Warner Clemper with Hogan's Hero's Bob Creme.
And now they're both dead.
What about shirts?
I didn't want that hit of that show.
No, I like it.
Now was that the picture that Richard Dawson was on?
Yes.
And Gary, um, Gary, somebody Gary, or was he a mesh?
Who was a mesh?
Gary, you don't even know his last name.
Who?
What was his name?
He was your first match game.
Very good, a bird hop.
Very good hop.
And the breath summers and shells.
And oh, that's right.
That's match game.
And who else was on?
Oh, Hogan's Hero's on an Almkiss.
He's on an Almkiss.
He's on an Almkiss.
And Loretta Swift.
She was on the SWAT team, wasn't she?
Anyway, what are the hell are we talking about?
I don't know.
Four Warner Clemper.
Oh, he was 80.
That's not too bad.
560-505-60.
Can we make it till 2.15?
No.
And of course you do understand what this does now, but the fact that they're delaying it, it's get really.
There was a goddamn monkey range of the whole horse.
And probably got a lot of people saying, oh, boy, there's something to lie.
There's something they might be right.
They might be right.
We'll find out, maybe.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Are you a member of a community that's probably the mafia guy here, then, right?
Yeah.
Also, the mafia guy, I'm out.
Yeah.
And one quick swoop.
I like that commercial for Toyota.
That's pretty good.
The flow is back.
And we got the throw now wondering when we're going to know who's the president.
Are you thrilled about her?
No.
I'm following the safe.
Oh, God.
I know.
It's just how much longer can they drag it out?
I guess that's the model now.
When it's out, drag it out.
Just keep dragging it.
Right.
Until we throw it far apart.
Right.
Anyway, that's all lost about Clinton.
You know, if they do start into prison, is it going to be a female prison?
Yeah.
They're going to sit hand in there with a watcher name, from Sandrid Gort from Seminole County,
whatever, I'm assuming.
What is her name?
I don't know what her name is.
It's making a difference behind bars.
He wouldn't touch her or believe me.
Nobody would touch that bitch.
56670560.560 on the 18T and Verizon wireless line.
I mean, just unbelievable perjury from what at least, well, I'm not going to go into
the whole thing because I'm no expert.
We'll wait till it's free for that.
For Georgia's girlfriend.
Here's a mobile in Bokeh.
Hello.
Yeah.
Hi, Nea.
Yes, sir.
Okay.
Listen, there's a couple things I'd like to say or ask.
Now, earlier, you had a lady on the line that said, obviously she was a bush supporter.
When I was talking about the blacks, the blacks, that lady.
Yeah.
She said some about not being able to hold her own state and Tennessee.
Now, he was born in Tennessee, but wasn't he raised most of his life in Washington State?
And if that's the case, he did call Washington State.
Oh, Gort was there.
Gort was raised in Washington State.
Where did you get that?
It was raised in Washington State.
His father was a senator and he was a senator from the state of Tennessee.
He was a congressman in the senator in Tennessee.
Maybe I'm wrong, but I can't get my information.
What differences does that make if you carry your home state?
Now, Tennessee has become more and more of a Yahoo state.
She's probably never been anywhere near Tennessee.
I worked there for one month, 20 years ago, and I got news for it.
I wouldn't step one foot back in that place.
So, well, what does that mean?
He couldn't carry his home state.
Is that a big problem for winning an election?
Right. I mean, it doesn't make any difference at all.
It's a bush supporter.
He's just thinking like, you know, he didn't carry Tennessee.
He couldn't be elected.
You know something.
She's one of those typical people at the bush.
The bush supporter should play into people like Ristapp Collins talks to us.
Right.
Right.
And another thing I'd like to say is, you know, you look at Bush and he carries Texas.
But I look at the other way as Texas, I think, boated him out because they won in the hell out of their state.
Yeah.
Okay.
Okay.
Head of Ray Facer, you're here.
I'm getting nodged, and I think my guru is coming back.
I'm here to all of this.
Just when we thought like I told you, so that afforded legislature as a whole, didn't it, real price?
As well.
On the bottom left hand side of your screen, the steps of the Florida Supreme Court are yes.
We are awaiting a decision there as well.
A slurry of briefs being added to the court.
Yeah, but there's nothing going on.
And see, don't start teasing us again.
I'm going to sue CNN and NNC.
They're like playing with our God-damey motions, like an emotional roller coaster.
They did it with us.
Just like they did a couple of days ago, and they screwed up the whole last half hour of the show
because we kept sitting here, but also we were waiting for this announcement from the Florida Supreme that it ever come.
Did they ever come?
No.
I doubt it.
Not if you look at that in a long time.
But don't start dealing with our emotions.
When you got something late on us in the meantime, dummy up.
That's my best advice for you people on TV.
560-560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Of course, these people out there, they're like, what the hell are they going to say?
They know what they'll say.
Here's Halondale.
Hello.
Halondale.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, a couple of things.
One back on this Terry Murray thing.
Do you have any idea approximately what type of a record he has of the head coach lifetime?
I mean, I know.
I didn't think that his record was so good even before he came here.
Obviously, that's not important.
That's not important with the important record.
I thought so much about the question of one in the last record.
The fact is the players hated him until it all came here.
They demanded that he get his ass fired and he got fired.
And it was the same thing here.
The players won't play for him.
They absolutely won't play for him.
I heard we were going out on that propaganda last night.
He must be drinking some moonshine or something because he didn't know what he was talking about.
So I'm a claim got canned because Marty Heisenger didn't watch his language and she demanded that he get fired.
That's why he got canned.
But it's this guy.
This is the guy that's also controlling this team.
They won't play for him.
They had a much better coach before Terry Murray.
Obviously, he was fired for the wrong reasons and now they're kicking Terry Murray for the wrong reasons.
And the last time I checked, Doug McLean's expansion team in Columbus, which is a girls team, has more wins and points than the Panthers are got.
Well, everybody in the NFL does win more points.
Also, you're talking about your good last year at the hockey game I came by and told you when I gave you something for the IBS.
And there are medications that you can have for the good.
It's your I came by and told you I gave you a card about our medical office that we have in Halendale that I'm one of the managers.
And there is, I don't know if you're taking any prescription medicine for the good.
Yeah, I take that what's always a call to be.
I was at Pala Suck in.
Yeah, that's pretty much it.
And I was at a prediside, but which one is better?
Pretty much the Pala Suck I think is what the number one choice is for the parents.
Yeah, it seems to be working.
Wait, I have no good.
I'll at 215 and I come back probably.
Thanks a lot.
I'll get back here.
Okay, here's the fact that this is where big fans with the show this Saturday.
It's been a year since I've heard the dead dead dead song.
How do you like that?
Did I just play that yesterday?
Dead dead dead?
How is it if I just played that yesterday?
But of course, it will kill some good time.
It says I was hoping you might take it up and play it.
I'll be listening.
Thank you sincerely.
Laura, Laura, whatever the hell are you doing?
Are you on part again?
Yeah, it's well, okay.
Dead dead dead.
On step on it.
Someday you'll be dead.
Dead dead dead.
Someday we'll all be dead.
A minute before the moon will start dying.
We die a little more every day.
Younger, richer, poor.
There's nothing we can do to stop it.
So as long as that Christmas tree, it may be even less than night.
Take a great your house in green and back.
Someday you'll be dead.
All right.
Dead dead dead.
Someday you'll be dead.
Dead dead dead.
Someday we'll all be dead.
Oh!
It might have been more than a couple months, but 50 years from now.
But no matter when it happens, it will soon soon to you.
So be sure of Christmas Eve when you snuggle there.
That you'll think of for your family.
Because someday we'll be dead.
Dead dead dead.
Someday we'll be dead.
Dead dead dead.
Someday we'll all be dead.
Are you sure?
Who knows how many Christmas trees are left in the short night?
Nobody knows.
That's my point.
Enjoy the while you can.
And so on Christmas morning, we had good, tidy, studio.
And what a festive season.
Someday we'll be dead.
Dead dead dead.
Someday we'll be dead.
Dead dead.
Someday we'll be dead.
Someday we'll be dead.
Dead dead.
Someday we'll be dead.
Oh!
Someday we'll be dead.
Now he works in mysterious ways.
Don't start bitching about it.
Okay, it's 8 minutes before 1 at 5, 16, W at the QM.
Now we got another.
I am getting nodgier than Miss Althony.
What time is the Wayne coming?
Probably about an hour.
Yeah, that should be how long it takes since the time was off.
Because that'll one like screw up on my diet.
Of course eating all that fatty stuff, that's not going to be good for my grud and my brood and the world.
If you look, you will have gone by the time they get here.
What do you mean by that?
And then you'll miss the food and won't have to be tempted by any of it.
I'm going to be gone in an hour?
Maybe they'll be late.
Yeah, sure.
Like we said, it'll have to take a ton.
Maybe I may go bring in a white hot.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Out of townlines open, do we have any interest over there?
No.
Now they can't hear the show now anyway.
So what are you talking about?
Here's a mobile phone.
That was that.
Hey, yeah.
What is all that?
Is that the radio in the back?
Is that okay, great.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60.
He had the radio stuck so far in his back.
That he couldn't get it out.
It's looking like about a half hour.
And what he got done, he said, yeah.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Pretty weak here on his phone.
I'll tell you that.
Walkers, because we keep giving him a big buildup.
And they're expecting something.
You're expecting it, then.
There you go.
Nothing happens.
Oh, look, and look at this.
MSNBC.
Nothing they want to be melodramatic.
Now they got their clock up there.
Fort Wurlings in a one minute, 21 hour, 20 moments in two seconds.
Not that they want to be dramatic, you understand?
Reliable.
What is it?
Fort Lauderdale.
Hey, Neil, how are you?
Okay.
Good.
Did I hear you say in the label?
Did I hear you say that?
I'm sorry?
Go ahead.
Yeah, you did hear me say that, I'm right.
I'm not that about the way you're all the...
I just report back from Las Vegas a couple of days ago when we stayed over to the nation.
And they upgraded us up to the two suite, which was amazing.
It's called the Piazza suite.
And it looks like there.
It's like a treasure island.
Yeah.
And it is the most gorgeous.
Gorgeous room that I've ever been in.
And I never seen a dual shower.
I had one for one side of the room and the other side for the other side.
It's the shower.
Yeah, that sounds good to me.
Go ahead.
Hey, there we go.
Also, I wanted to tell you, I'm on the business owner in South Florida here also.
And for some reason, I want that rate to burn my certificate of from the secondary estate
because of all the crap that she's important in this.
Yeah.
But I'm really rinpoid to do that because it's my business certificate.
But I don't realize I'm just a little bit upset at this whole election.
And I'm going to go to the...
Actually, I'm going to go to the voting thing.
I'm going to change the independent from what my party was originally.
I'd be pretty embarrassed.
OK, good luck to you, pal.
I'll see you in Vegas.
On our 19 minutes in 41 seconds, wow!
Man, you can almost smell it.
Oh, brother.
The pressure was building again.
This will be let it out.
This will be let it out.
This will be let it out of a goddamn big balloon.
And now they're pumping it up again.
This will be many other things in life.
You can only do that so many times.
And finally, just kind of hangs their limp.
And that's it.
That's it.
Get up as little green pills, man.
I was thinking of green pills.
I should tell it to Sir Markiery.
My doctor's office is all over the night.
Proffitty Six at 560 QAM.
This is 560 QAF.
Portraitio 560.
WGQAM by Emmy Port Lauderdale.
A easily broadcast group station.
WQAM.com with a word.
It's the law of the two hours!
Oi!
On the first day of Hannes'er,
my tearless day to me.
A picture of the day for me.
On the second day of Hannes'er,
my tearless day to me.
Choose taking trade-offs and a picture
of my friend is for me.
On the third day of Hannes'er,
my tearless day to me.
Three-year-old Easter to save his trade-offs and a picture of my friend is for me.
Oh, what?
Oh, you look at it.
What's this real thing on the head?
It's a safe.
Oh, what?
On the fourth day of Hannes'er,
my tearless day to me.
Wildy, kosher candy,
pretty, pretty shirt,
pretty, pink and trade-offs.
Pink the trade-offs on.
No.
Shunders!
Great, a fatal cradle,
a naked out of flames,
and when the water is lodging,
I'll throw the thing away.
No, but that knife.
Fight me, boys.
On the fifth day of Hannes'er,
my tearless day to me.
For one take a picture of me.
What?
What's in his gown, weren't it?
Maybe Jimmy's Catholic.
Not what's in candy.
Not what's in shirt.
Not what's in trade-offs.
Or a picture of my friend is for me.
Ah, please.
On the sixth day of Hannes'er,
my tearless day to me is fake.
In my brother rich man,
poor man,
who knows what's in store every year.
In front of my friend,
who's in need.
Or a friend.
On the seventh day of Hannes'er,
not bad,
my tearless night to me.
Seven three three lockers.
Yes, I want a rich man.
I want a Christmas tree.
I want a Christmas tree.
Oh, that's a nice big Christmas tree.
Hi, this is a cut.
On the eighth day of Hannes'er,
my tearless day to me.
Nothing that I want is jealousy,
not just jealousy.
Yes, I want a rich man.
Well, it is my Christmas tree.
Now, be closer, candy.
Three candy shirts.
Two stinking trails.
And a picture of my friend is for me.
Oh, three.
Oh, three at five, six.
You can visualize here the cows in the slaughterhouse.
If cows could talk,
you know how they would go in their own mind,
getting where they get their heads chopped off.
No, you go first.
No, no, I think you go first.
That kind of thing.
I think maybe that's what's going on here today,
if you ask me.
Maybe they're like the messengers,
the alackeys between the fluorescent pink court
and these judges.
And they're like running back and forth
to messengers, you know.
Now, you go first.
You went out to your thing first.
Now, you go ahead and do yours first.
I think there's like a lack of balls.
There's what's going on.
I think you like the bootshambies problem.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Miami.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
All right.
Great.
Just want to have you, first time call on the great show.
If you heard anything on this other case,
with District Judge Morris Powell,
on that 24, 200 ballots that were in the 10-day time,
very not fine.
No.
For that end of the day yesterday.
Well, I don't know what was that.
I don't even know there was that.
I know there's one in Bay County.
It's supposed to be going on today.
Yeah, this one was the US District Judge Morris Powell.
He said he heard the case and he says,
I'll let you know when I make my room.
Now, these were 24-year ballots that had no signatures.
It was a 1,575 over the absolute ballot that came in
after November 7th.
I see.
If you're anything about that case.
No, and they're not even talking about that.
I know.
And all of them are so damn important now
because already you're talking about it.
If you're 500 and some more, 900 and some,
and it overturns the deal.
Right.
This was sent from them,
determining whether they consent to agree
by that Justice Department was Judge Smith
and Rollerlier that wasn't a law.
That was a rule.
Oh, right.
That's right.
We talked about that earlier in the week
and they never heard any more about it.
I know exactly the one you're talking about,
but they're not even the same thing about it.
Yeah, well, that ended yesterday
and the Judge Smith is willing on that one yet either.
I know.
Like I said, they're passing the messengers around.
You go first, though, you go first.
I think that's the way they're.
Okay, great show.
Okay.
Hang on tight.
See, we forgot all about that.
Remember that?
That was the guy who filed a lawsuit saying that they had a discard.
All of those absentee overseas ballots that came in after November 7th
because it wasn't really part of Florida law.
And it was unconstitutional.
We talked about that several days ago.
And then we never heard any more about it.
Because these people on here are too busy with their goddamn time clock.
And our nine minutes and 44 seconds, they're counting down with a melodrama.
Just like when yesterday I was carrying a Florida Supreme Court
and the MSNBCs got to put that lusiting on every like,
well, how are 15 minutes or whatever.
We thought that justice would have like a little,
a little gastric attack this afternoon.
Yeah, a little grud, maybe.
God, these people in the media, they need mental help.
So I'm glad he reminded me that because I forgot all about it.
Here's a mobile in Hollywood.
Hello.
Hello, Neil. How are you?
Okay.
My wife and I in the beginning of the year are going to Vegas
to tell me you dove into payment convention up there.
Kind of blew that up.
So our days are pretty fucked away, but for just a few nights,
what would you suggest was the best things to do?
The best things to do in Vegas?
Yeah.
Well, you've got to rent a car and drive out into the mountains
and you've got to go there from one casino to another
and check out all the shows and the buffets and plunge your guts out of you.
You won't need any help for me.
No, it's a particular show.
This is obviously your first trip there.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Once you get there, you won't need any help.
Believe me.
Okay.
Trust me about it.
I have a great time.
Thanks.
Okay. Now, I don't go to shows.
I'm too busy losing my mind.
But Vegas is the kind of place.
I mean, if you go to Vegas,
you need somebody to give you instructions on where to eat,
and where to go, and what to do.
And you don't even waste your time going in the first place.
This guy will have a great time.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60.
In fact, I can probably still people are winning the money
and the last time that I went.
Wow.
That I lose my ass.
But I had a great time.
No, actually, I didn't have that good of a time.
See, sometimes I go and lose my ass and have a great time doing this.
Last time, I just kind of left a bitter taste in my mouth and a gambling tooth.
Our eight minutes and four seconds.
The pressure is building again.
Just keep pumping it up and pumping it up until it's slower, baby.
Here's a plantation.
Hello?
Sorry, Neil. How's it going, buddy?
Okay.
I got two comments and a request if you could have come up with something.
Yes, sir.
Okay.
First of all, I haven't been listening about an hour.
I know you don't probably care about hockey talk.
And I don't really either.
But...
Okay, anything that'll kill an hour in the seven minutes and thirty eight seconds.
I won't talk that long.
A party of mine comes over.
I'm a bachelor.
A party of mine comes over maybe two, three times a week.
And we have dinner and get high and play video games.
And every now and then, last for three weeks in a row.
Last three weeks in a row, I'll flip around a TV throw on a hockey game.
Neil, I swear to God, three or four times over the last couple weeks.
Every time I turned it on, put Peter Royal with independently boxed in a fight
or listen on a shot.
And I hear you talk about it all the time and it just reinstills the fact that he sucks.
He doesn't like you can't play the game.
Well, and he skates funny.
And I've seen him have one somebody fed it to him right in the middle of the net
and he just looked like a girl swinging at it.
Oh, it's disgusting.
Yeah, in fact, I was mentioning to somebody yesterday that Neil Marzoni made a couple of good passes
because he just does not have a pass or shoot last couple of weeks.
And they were both with the Royal Enflore.
That, both times, great passes. He shot five feet wide.
There you go. That might have just probably what I was saying.
Yeah.
My second comment, which is a lot more important, is I'm a registered Democrat.
And I do not, I mean, and I've been saying it's for less, you know, two weeks.
I do not want to see Albor win like this if one of these cases goes in his favor.
Yeah.
I'd rather the republicans have it.
You'd rather let him steal it.
Yeah.
I'd let that exactly.
I'd let them have it.
Let them go down as taken it the way they did.
Let the public record people, whoever's going to later on count them, because they will get counted.
And find out that Bush wasn't the real winner.
Let them take it this way.
I don't want Gore to win in this kind of pattern.
This is what happens when you have an election with two disastrous candidates.
Sure.
And you have an election process that is so badly flawed that the whole American system is questioned.
The question will be cause of it.
Absolutely.
I agree.
And the two candidates, if this is the best we can do, we have a lot of problems.
Oh, my request before I hang up.
Yes, sir.
You haven't played in a long time, and I love it.
I learned a couple of times that John Rocker thing when he's talking to the doctor.
You got it.
Thank you.
See you.
9 minutes after 1 at 5.60 W.Q. on an hour, 5 minutes and 28 seconds.
I love brother.
Of course, it's easy to figure out because just when I miss NBC and they're counting it down,
the seconds are ticking away.
What sort of might if they'd elated again?
It's Friday.
You were asking, hello Mr. Rocker.
How you doing, I agree, boy?
Excuse me.
First up, sir, we will do the Rochak test.
I wish you had loved when you were on your tongue like that.
All your boyfriends are.
Uh, excuse me?
Hi, I got it again.
Rochak test is a eagglot as they say in English.
And I was showing these eagglot and you were telling me the first thing that pops into your mind.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Come with me.
Okay, what do you think this is?
Aomo.
Ao.
And this?
Lesbos.
Okay, and this one?
In fact, it's Asian.
Alright.
How about this?
Bobby Valentine riding the baloney pony.
In this theme.
Well, let's move along, shall we?
Let's try some word association.
I'll say a word and you tell me the first thing that pops into your head.
No, Mr. Raka, we haven't started yet.
Here we go.
Dog, Danish, tack, microwave, the color blue.
Where?
You know, John, why don't we try waiting among before you respond?
Jerk.
Mr. Raka, I only wish to be a friend.
Why you got me on this couch, dog?
You, Mo.
What?
You fight, boy?
John, I'm a man.
Sure, yeah.
What's your wife's name, Chuck?
No, actually, it's Gladys.
Yeah, you're glad it's today and how's it your fight, boy?
I'm out of here.
Woo!
Why are you running?
That's running, John.
John, are you a wild thing?
Do you make my heart sing?
One 15 to five 60 WQI, you know, one 15 means, don't you?
That's right, one hour to go.
Under one hour.
And actually, you're so desperate on MSNB,
so you should show something that keeps people glued in.
You're just keep showing shots of the podium there,
with the 86,000 microphones in front of it,
and the seal of the state of Florida behind it,
where the announcement's gonna be made.
We hope alleged desperate.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Hollywood.
Going once.
I haven't heard, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yes, I like you voted for Gore,
not because I wanted Gore,
but because I didn't want Bush.
Yeah.
And the thought of four years of screen that smirk on W's face
is just more than I can take.
I'm gonna disagree a little bit with the last caller there.
He said that he didn't want Gore to win under any circumstances.
I want the Supreme Court.
I know it's a long shot,
but I want them to count those under votes and date
in order to have a fair election.
Well, you say a fair election.
How do you count under votes in one county,
and not count them and all the other ones?
I mean, every county had under votes.
Well, then they should have done it at all.
No, I think they should have counted all, but they're not going to.
But I think it's an out of the now,
where I would agree with that other caller is,
if the Supreme Court goes against Gore,
I don't want them to win through Seminole or Martin,
because the way I see it there is,
if these F&T ballot voters,
if they were in on the Shunned against their every damn ballot out.
But if they voted in good faith,
didn't know anything about all this stuff that was going on,
they made their vote in good faith.
That would just bother me if that's the way Gore won,
because that would seem to be totally unfair.
Yeah, there's a distinction there,
because obviously, you know,
if you're gonna punish the people who broke the law,
and especially that Gore bitch put her in jail
for all the purgearing,
all the things that she's gonna put her in.
But in terms of taking away the people's rights of votes,
there's a real problem.
Yeah, that would bother me as much as I don't want to see Bush win,
I don't want Gore to win that way either.
Yeah.
Do you agree?
Yeah, I think so.
Oh, okay.
By the way, I was over at Publix this morning in Adventurer,
they've got the card solutions every way you want it.
We're really?
Absolutely bottles and the bars.
Well, I guess something to do with it on the weekend.
I'll just have to make my Publix tour.
The only thing I didn't like is the tight calories and 12 grams of fat.
Now, do you just drink that and don't you eat any meal, or?
Well, some days I just drink that,
but I'm using the powder most of the time.
The bottle stuff you write is high in fat,
although there's really nothing wrong with fat if you're unassuming.
But the powder that you make the shakes with,
no shakes is very low.
It's got two and a half grams of fat.
So it's got like a variety.
It's like Jordan variety, the powder isn't it?
Why do you see the powder?
I tell the liquid and the capsules and the virus.
The powder is much lower in fat if you were to about fat.
But they didn't have the powder.
See, there you go.
They have the virus and the liquid.
Well, I'll make you a swap.
I'll swap you some powder for some stuff.
I'll see you later.
Have a great life.
5.670, 05.50, 05.50 on the AT&T and Verizon.
I was lying.
Is our sales department going to come to you on edge?
Oh, no way.
They just, I don't want to get started again.
Here's Pompano.
Hello.
Are you getting open to Champagne, baby?
Yeah.
We should go it in.
We're going to Champana.
Oh, you got a big chicken problem too.
All the drugs are celebrating now.
Well, you can afford it.
Yeah, he's popping it.
He's popping his cork.
You know, they've been moving Thomas.
He's going in.
I mean, just like it's faxes every day.
All it is going to be the worst of all of your life.
All the things you've been dreading.
And we're sitting here still waiting.
I don't seem going anywhere yet.
They were promised on November 8th.
You're going to wake up on the November 8th today after the election.
And Bush is going to be present.
You're going to be all pissed off.
I woke up in November 8th.
Was Bush present?
Oh, no.
No.
We're still sitting here waiting on it.
So before we start popping it again, just sit back and put it back in your pants.
OK, sweetheart?
55 minutes and 50 seconds in counting.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60.
We ever get a final hurdle from Joe or not.
He just the van will see just a drop.
He just discussed that there were always people demanding free crap.
Here's a mobile in Oakland.
Hello.
Yes, I need to.
Is the van still there on full water down?
No, long gone.
Oh, long gone.
What are you going to be next?
I'm trying to get some key chains.
No more key chains.
No more call chains.
Or Bush up and get out of here.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T.
And brush and water with slime.
Oh, God.
OK, where we going?
Here's a mobile in Miami.
Hello.
Hey, you know, I already...
OK.
Well, I know, hard of a year about all this stuff.
Wish you a good time to end.
But there is one great thing that has come to light.
Yeah.
I think that our course systems are actually working.
If you think about it, because if everything was so one-sided,
we wouldn't have any of this debating going on.
You know, I have a better idea than our course system working.
How about our election system working?
Yeah.
How about conducting elections like civilized countries
than know how to do it right?
I know.
I agree with the electronic thing.
I think paper ballots is ridiculous, because you can always screw with them
and mess with them, and that's just...
It's so me and the fall, I see, even think about it.
Yeah.
I do have one request that will fill some time.
Can you play that with the dawn and the cleaning heritage?
If you get a chance?
Well, if I can figure out what that was called, what is it?
100 years gone by.
100 years gone by, huh?
It's not 20 with the total.
That's pretty long.
You've filled out 60 minutes probably.
OK.
Thanks a lot, buddy.
You have a...
Well, it must be under 800 as an A.
Is that what it is?
I can't fly it.
What's on it?
A long, long time ago.
It was 1900 and Chessy Helms was just the lad of nine.
And no one knew what was in store.
Chess ended the Spanish American war.
So they fought as like it was 1899.
The war of events that made you shiver,
But there were times we did deliver.
A promise that was kept.
With that famous one small step,
I can't remember each event or everything that man did in advance.
A century we will present this is how it went.
My, my habit time is devised.
And it started some deported manities we've described.
For the century, the sun that we've taken by it all happened.
Blink of a night.
A hungry few have gone tired.
It all started when two guys were right.
When they put in their playmates to fight.
And the start of radio.
Sigma Floyd had his month to thank.
And one to Siri and Max Flank and the Titanic.
That story we all know.
Well, World War I, it soon began with shooting arch two French's bird and nine.
Millions died from the flu.
And last ticket was brand new.
And then Russia had each devolution.
And a market next before the fioscience monopoly.
And we will see again a hundred years gone by.
And we were singing my, my habit time it declined.
And it started some deported manities we've described.
For the century, the sun that we've taken by it all happened in the blink of a night.
A hundred years have gone tired.
And that is family liberty.
And Max produced a new model T and the Birdland didn't hear family.
And some multi-brad kids pan the film in Wall Street.
And the great depression and women would both like you and me.
And Germany's chancellor was sworn in and World War II would soon begin.
Make your reprovering land.
The project manager said never lose your child in Tennessee.
We caught a first one got TV.
And the day that they didn't inform me.
And we were singing my, my habit time it declined.
And it started some deported manities we've described.
For the century, the sun that we've taken by it all happened in the blink of a night.
A hundred years have gone by.
When plain winds and they were silly wind and starting with the sea day's Asian.
For that what in the falling cold.
In Russia no one sees a cross.
And Germany they find these love discovered the horrors of the Holocaust.
Fat man little boy and all the gay changed the whole world on that very day.
Kredo had just begun.
And China will find the fit of the first player in baseball that was black.
Israel got their homeland back.
And the world's most beautiful place.
And the world's most beautiful place.
And the world's most beautiful place.
And the world's most beautiful place.
And the world's most beautiful place.
And the world's most beautiful place.
And the world's most beautiful place.
And the world's most beautiful place.
And the world's most beautiful place.
And the world's most beautiful place.
And the world's most beautiful place.
And the world's most beautiful place.
And the world's most beautiful place.
And the world's most beautiful place.
Sadness like a spray.
Sadness like a spray.
And there's sorry to end that scene.
That's the only yellow team.
The movie was singing in mine.
My obvious day could fly.
Since it started something falling,
many tears we'd decryve.
For the century, it's time that we say goodbye.
It all happened in the blink of a night.
A hundred tears have come by.
Niels Giants said was the big news.
Oh God!
The first way gave women like to choose
Nixon resigns about water gates.
Got the troops at a Vietnam
and hostage is taken by Iran
and a virus made us too scared to go day.
A tattoo baby held the law
some guy named Bill started Microsoft.
Chernobyl explosion.
The furlough and walk its broken.
The US is all set goodbye.
Some students in China they did try.
Seven died in the Florida sky.
A hundred years gone by.
And they were singing my, my habit time is devised.
Since it started something falling, many tears we've decryve.
For the century, it's time that we say goodbye.
It all happened in the blink of a night.
A hundred years have gone by.
We were singing my, my habit time is devised.
Since it started something falling, many tears we've decryve.
For the century, it's time that we say goodbye.
Because a hundred years have gone by.
All right.
It seems like it's just started playing at least a hundred years.
Thank you very much for requesting that.
It killed some excellent time you ride.
129 at 560 QAM.
A Neil Roger Show Sports Radio.
560 QAM.
Hi, this is Todd Simpson.
And you're listening to the Neil Roger Show on Sports Radio 560 QAM.
GLA around.
I.
And that's the whole election of.
GLA around.
GLA around.
GLA around.
GLA around.
GLA around.
GLA around.
GLA around.
GLA around.
GLA around.
GLA around.
GLA around.
GLA around.
GLA around.
GLA around.
GLA around.
GLA around.
GLA around.
GLA around.
GLA around.
GLA around.
GLA around.
GLA around.
GLA around!
Let's all hold the lecture up.
Go by yourself, but it was too tight.
And drop the deck into fishwalk.
See the lake around the stadium.
Try the lake at any speed.
Those rides, you're going out.
Into a tree.
135 to 65 WDQM.
We're pushing everything back a couple of minutes here.
39 minutes and 39 seconds.
There's Pete William.
He's talking about it.
I shouldn't say that deck.
5667 0560.
It's just so many of them flying around.
They're floating all over the place.
Everybody look.
Here's another one.
Here's a mobile in Miami.
I had a couple questions for you.
First was, did you see a little Pete in the back of the section A of the heralds with the sign?
The build board that's up on 995?
No.
Oh, it says our Democrats and our war, the industrial country, you will be fine.
Okay, whatever you say.
Have any idea what he was saying?
No.
See, every time somebody comes on it with something that we might be, because it's all right down it, but the phone crashed.
It's an act of God, I think.
Here it is.
Okay, whatever you say, sir.
And of course, the heralds are already in the smith game.
So I'm not going to dig it out again.
Is it worth digging it out again?
No.
I don't think so.
Don't think it George is big appearance tomorrow.
Free food, but get there.
You know that fat guy's going to show up and it probably won't be in there like quarter to one.
And also you said that he said on the air yesterday, free food.
I showed up at the first thing and God damn joke.
I still wouldn't feed me and I'm showing up here.
And you won't feed me a little less.
Pick one of them.
The pile of onions from the middle of the platters or just bringing on pile of something else.
Free food from Atlantic City, sub on Hollywood insurance.
Come on.
At Pill's Sides, me son and mine.
I'm 36 years less of 27,000.
You don't have the best in the LCDs, consists of T-shirts, those three best in the ill buttons.
Not the key chains, the buttons, okay.
The key chains number one, they're not free, number two, they're gone.
Got it?
11 to one tomorrow.
Make it a big appearance for George tomorrow.
Because his entire livelihood is hanging out of from what I hear.
Here's a lady in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
I wanted to say that I'm really happy that Al Gore did not concede on a lesson day.
Because maybe a lot of these things are coming out now.
Would not have come out so soon and maybe all these cases and different things to show.
Well, that's what the Bush people were hoping that he would just went out and cave in
and that they could put enough pressure on and come up with all his big PR campaign and spin their way in.
But didn't work out that way.
Right.
Because now we can see the political fugglies that these bushes are willing to engage in to get into the White House.
And I really feel that with the case in Seminole, that, you know, it's both solidly, the application for the ballot,
if they had gone through the regular route, they would have been rejected.
And that would have been that.
Just like how they say that it's too bad for the people in Palm Beach that they voted wrong, they punched the wrong hole or whatever, then it would have been the same thing.
No, no, no, it's not really.
I mean, that's not the same thing.
But the application would have been rejected.
That would not have been.
Yeah, you're right.
So that means that they would have been rejected.
But the fact is that once they got the ballots, they didn't make an error.
There was nothing wrong with their ballots.
The ballots were adopted and made.
That's the best process.
People in Palm Beach were confused by the butterfly ballot.
Obviously, it needs some mental help anyway.
And they just scooted up.
There's a difference.
I understand.
The fine line, but there is a difference.
And like I said before, all of these things come back to the fact that they say totally flawed way of evident election.
And that's what's got to be changed, but not to make people are talking about that.
There should be the number one thing and everybody's agenda.
Absolutely.
But you have a one-to-one for that.
You two, thanks.
Yeah, this is no way to want a railroad.
I'll tell you that.
So Joe said it was the worst time he had trying to get a few bucks together over there today at Sound Advice.
He said it was brutal.
How much we get?
540.
540, I thought they're too bad.
Why?
To CDs.
In fact, it's pretty good because people can go to specs in all over town and get their CDs.
Joe said, what are you talking about?
It was pretty damn good if you asked me until I picked showed up and wanted the food.
Is that a true story that fat guy shows up?
And of course, it's just like going into a buffet.
Like today I went into Emerald Coast.
I think it was a week ago someday.
And we went for a great meal with Emerald Coast.
They have great stuff.
And Richard was there, my good friend.
And we had a great chat because he's from Toronto, and a big leaf stand.
But as you're seeing their eating, anytime you go to a buffet, there's an-
Look, I'm fat, but I'm not fat like jagged and a huge fat.
Like the people who eat and buffets.
Like the people who can't sit in one seat on the airplane.
The fat guy said, what now?
First he said, where's the girls?
And then he said, well, where's the food?
So he wanted to eat and get laid?
And then he tried to cause the van door on.
But you know something, the joke on him, because Hudson just walked in here from Moyarnals.
How do you like that for great timing?
Nice going, Hudson.
Which shows we got food.
How do you like that?
And everybody's going to get laid here before the end of the day.
Well, maybe not.
But in any way, hey, listen, nothing's perfect.
At least we're getting some food.
So there you go.
So eat your heart out, you fatso, you chanur, you freeloader, you chubby.
Twenty-four, two, at five, sixty, double to quim.
You're fat.
And nobody can say anything like sting.
Certainly not, Jimmy Stewart.
Now, he's proven on this new album, Stewart Sting Sting.
Rocks, Sam.
You don't have to.
You don't have to.
You just don't.
What do you like to show?
Yeah, you'll get great.
It's like King of Soup.
This is Genevolo Soup.
Soup in the material world.
And don't stand so close to the strife.
That's Stewart Sting Sting.
So good.
You want to listen to it?
We're the four.
What year's a school?
Yeah.
145 at five, 60s WQA.
And we got 29 minutes and 45 seconds.
And not that we're counting.
Oh, I just mentioned that in passing because it's on MSNBC.
And they're going blah, blah, blah.
You can throw out all 15,000 too.
Yeah, we know.
Just don't keep speculating.
Okay, when you know something, then we'll put it on here.
Hank will be in a tool and he'll come in here and we'll sit around, whatever.
And it's all until 250.
Because at least, thanks God enough, come and sense to realize that there are other things going on in the world
besides stupid ballgains and stuff like that.
Although we will have the point spreads for this weekend's game.
Oh, and I just do, I want to say this just out of the blue.
Not that he needs my defending.
But the fact is that I've heard a couple of people taking shots at Gjoli.
The fact that he's a show for the planters because he works for the organization.
And that is true.
That is true.
He does have to show to a certain point.
But I just would like to point out that when you're working for a thin skined organization like that.
I mean, if you look at them cross-eyed, if you don't say, if you say anything that might even be
construed as critical, they got you in there on the carpet and they're just too unassed.
Believe me.
I just mentioned that in passing because after hearing Blueglass night,
who doesn't work for the Panther organization, doesn't work for Wayne Hypingas since John Henry owns the Marlins now.
And Blue was just, I mean, the suction was just unbelievable.
He was turned into a total suckle.
His comments were unacceptable.
Good guy, but way off the wall, hasn't got a clue.
So I just mentioned that for you with the sports nodes out there,
they want to call and bus go out of these balls, which is fine with me.
He's got big ones.
But that's okay.
Oh, there's Judge Terry Lewis.
It's the same Terry Lewis, but mostly a twin brother.
Oh, other mathematical sponsors.
It is, you know, no doubt when any of these come down, you can guarantee that there'll be a microphone somewhere with either a lawyer or an interested party or a reporter weighing in on it.
Yeah, you can say that again.
In fact, every lawyer in the state's probably got a microphone up in the back room right now.
Here's Fort Myers.
Hello.
That was Fort Myers, you hear it?
Okay.
I just want to amplify a little in case you missed it.
That was excellent.
Here's Marguerite.
Hello.
Good afternoon, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I got a feeling that a few decisions come down against Goa.
He's going to read a big sigh of relief.
Yeah.
In fact, if I was him, his concession speech that you would push with me,
be my guest, not yourself, that.
Yeah, right.
You know, the Republican Party are going to get what they want today.
But in the end, they've been getting, they've been getting, they've been getting it in the end, you're right.
Yeah, they've given themselves in the end because they've exposed themselves to everybody to what they really are.
And I got a feeling that this victory is the beginning of the end for the Republican Party.
And the good news for us is that at least we know that Goa won't be the candidate in 2004, and that Democrats will probably be sharp enough to pick a candidate who can win.
So, yeah, I think we've been doing this very smart holding on to his seat in the Senate.
Yeah.
And Goa was very dumb in picking him to run with him.
I'll tell you, this is one precedent.
I don't want to see Goa win.
I don't want to want to Democrat in the White House when there's one every single one.
Let me ask you this question.
No, don't you find it a little bit bizarre though that they were going to both.
Both judges were going to issue their rulings, their written rulings, and to be read at 1230.
And then they both just happen to say, oh, wait a minute, post-poned or 215.
There must be something that's changed.
Well, no, I just, I think it was George had mentioned it before.
I think it's a better time for them to get out of town.
Oh, that's true.
Yeah.
They probably check the trains, guys.
Okay, thanks.
Right.
So, are you eating now?
Uh-huh.
Now, boy, White House and onions are not good for your good, but my grid isn't bothering me.
And just like Hank said, once you start taking the good stuff, you don't eat whatever you want.
Plus, this is all after and it's okay.
Last time I checked.
Plus, in addition to which I can't find the curb solutions, the drinks that I want in our sales department
are absolutely not coming through.
Todd directs in that famous Peter Liner to keep bringing me garbage.
Like that diet, you'll see that.
Yeah.
Are you getting calls like that?
Yeah.
I'm not going to tell him anymore because then I've got all the publics and buy it all out.
I'm getting sick and tired of running around.
I like my publics, I love my publics with some rise.
I think you have saw grass.
But obviously, so do a lot of my listeners too and I went there and cleaned them all out.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hey, Mia.
Yes, sir.
Do you feel like someone's there?
You must be shaking your little bruises.
You know, bruises get away and I can't.
Yeah, I'm just shaking and I just, yeah.
Juvenile.
Like, I would say 95% of the bush people who've heard from Juvenile.
Aren't you embarrassed?
Why do you make those little guttable sounds?
Are you really that stupid?
Uh-huh.
Maybe we've been in the 50 hook and up with that brother car before.
The one I was calling out about that black.
We can look him up with her.
A match made in purgatory.
Ten years, I'm very shaken in my boots.
I'm really worried about my word about.
No.
No, my checks will still clear.
But about, of course, they're from Beasley.
But they'll still show up anyway.
Like on Monday.
Big fat one.
And it checked too.
Ten before two at 5.60 Q.A.M.
This is 5.60 Q.A.S.
The Neil Rogers Show.
Sports radio.
5.60 Q.A.S.
The afterward can't keep a attacker in his hand.
And now, on the campaign trail with George W. Bush.
Today, America's candidate addresses the Unionized Workers at South Carolina's turbine town factory.
Right to be here in Nevada.
South Carolina Nevada.
I want to be your president, because I can relate to the ignorant blue-collar worker.
Don't say that.
The ignorant worker all over the world.
Hey, Bush, what are you know about working?
I never have worked today my entire life.
Hands, smooth, silky, palm oil.
You're soaking in it.
Bush got it the next question.
Yo, what?
Yes, sir.
Yeah, well, you going to go on now, water?
Good question.
Important substantive marijuana legalization.
No.
Absolutely not.
Cocaine.
Yes.
Instant paint, heroin, probably.
Pog nitulate andphetamine without adapt.
Without adapt.
Now you.
What are you going to do for the black man?
Thanks for asking.
First thing I'd like to do.
See me one up close.
Not too close.
No touching.
Perhaps maybe get a watch.
Can I get a watch?
George W. Bush, thank you very much.
We got to get a watch.
You guys go.
I'm with Jim Fanks for you.
With George W. Bush.
156 at 5.60.
You have 19 minutes and 6 seconds.
Wow.
You can feel the pressure.
Bill, I'm going to like explode like a dam of volcano.
Any second now and the thing too.
As we wait till 2.15, we're going to get both decisions from both courts.
Both judges on the Seminole and Martin County absentee balance.
And then we still have to wait for the forest to be engorged.
And we still got to wait for that other case to get I talk about.
Which I forgot all about.
About the overseas absentee balance.
And do they be legal or not?
So just when you think it's over, we're thinking to be over now.
Are they going to do the updates to a two o'clock and then Hank's going to come in or how are we going to do this?
Because I don't want to Ken Maldon sitting in there waiting for her held of freeze.
Is they going to do it?
We don't know.
Well, we'll find out.
Somebody will tell us.
And whatever they want to do, we're fine with it.
Here's a mobile and okay, Toby.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, sure.
Could there be a few things that everybody agrees on like this election has been screwed up from November 8th onwards?
I have a phone number.
Let me from November 8th, it was screwed up from before anybody went and voted.
Well, I mean, I think there's a precedent for it as well because it wasn't there a case where,
and I just wanted to do an extra term and he refused.
They wanted to do an extra term.
I don't know what you died there early in his fourth term.
So I'll keep doing an extra term.
Well, okay.
He did more than two times.
Yeah, but that was the, that was before they passed, before they prohibited presents from serving more than two terms.
Well, he was the only one that was elected more than twice.
Couldn't Congress pop nothing out to just keep ringing in there for six months or just redo this whole thing?
Well, they could do anything they want, but you've got to Republican Congress.
They're not going to want to keep Bubba in there.
In fact, if it gets all that fed up, they said that the speaker was housed.
Dennis Hanks.
Thank you.
