get ready for it is open part hello yes is mr. Rogers speaking is erogers uh... reverend jones here and uh... i i know there's another phony reverning you're having uh... controversial show today on all of us from the past what is it you're at a controversial uh... show on callers from the past no we're not talking about calling from the past okay it bits that you're doing so what are you talking about here you're playing old bit no I'm not. I'm not. We had a call a while back and I guess you did a tape and you made some type of a cart on it. I guess that's what they're telling me. And we discussed not playing it on the air. What are you talking about? That's the part that gave it sir. That was one of my... There's I... Yes sir. You appreciate to not play that. I like to read the letter. We've received your letter. You received your letter. You received the letter. Did you receive the letter? Yes sir. You received the letter. Yes sir. You received the letter. Yes sir. You'll be a lawsuit. You're gay. Sir. You're gay. No, you're gay sir. You're gay. What was you trying to say? I guess you're gay. I tried to say gay. Something like that. How's that overhead doing Carlos? It sounds... Yeah, that's somewhere. What louder? No, no. We could use a little more level would be good. First it started out kind of like that. And then beginning and then it's like... But it's after the weekend. What do you expect? Because this is a playground in the air. There you go. Whatever you do in whatever. We don't care. Anyway, what was he saying? Yeah. Something like that. And that turns out to be the man who has really planted the seed. Believe it or not. Reverend Jones. Anybody remember him? Plant the seed. As strange as that may sound or a whole change on this radio show. You're gay. That's right. I'm at the track Saturday night. My good close friend Dick Feinberg tells me that a real strange goofy guy would a baseball cap turned around came in enough of the night before. He says, one of your former listeners came in. I said, former listener. Yeah, I said he's the Reverend Jones. But he doesn't listen anymore since he stopped taking phone calls. And we can't afford to lose the Reverend Jones. And I said to myself, wow. And Dick Feinberg had a great comment because I said, you know something. There's the infradity we actually took calls on. I sure I think I'm going to go back taking phone calls. I'm not going to change the world on some stupid ass radio show in Miami. On a stage that you can't even hear inside of a building. That's right. Like that. That's our signal. And anyway, so us and Dick had a great line. You said, you know something. It's your show. You can do whatever it hell you want. Very good, Dick. Man, if you were as good as handicapping is you are making very profound observations. We'd all be engineers. But no, it's a very good, for a very perspicacious observation by Dick Feinberg. Good, pump and no park. And I talked to myself, yeah, it's my show. I'll do whatever it hell I want. But he'll like that. Oh, wait till I get to the poor result. By the way, in your 250, 40 votes for Mariah, you just hear we don't count. Let's go get to those in time. And then yesterday morning what put me right over the edge. Right off the edge of my life. I pick up both of those papers out there. But you know, it's got to be about six pounds. Although it's night eight nice equally balance. You go out there and you pick one up in each arm in your equally balance. Six pounds of crap. Because there's nothing to read in either one of these newspapers. The local fish rappers, just sections and sections and sections of ads and ads and more God they mad and classified ads. Jesus Christ. So anyway, I go inside and I go to the few sections that I want to read. And I get to the opinion sections. So whatever it really calms. And I'm going to tell you, I just about. I just about dropped a big loaf in my ears. Okay. And then that's it. There's no point. There's no hope for this state. This is the end of the world. The end of the universe. I've always told you, at least I was right about that. Both newspapers endorse. The bushmeister. The hero and the son Sentinel. These are the same two newspapers that expose released in part. This crap that went on in Pensacola, but that secret to Hidden Taper Quarter. When Jeff thought it was just there with a bunch of his right wing board again, the fanatical bigots. With his homophobic comments and then his comments about, wow, he's got a special devious plan to take care of it at the class size of my monocaseage and pass. He'll show the public a thing or two eyes going to deep six that they expose him as being a liar, a bigot a piece of crap. But even though we don't agree with the money, everything, we endorsed Jeff Bush for real. And I said to myself, hey, screw it. Forget about it. What are you going to do? That's right. Go back to having some fun here. We're not going to change the world on this stupid ass show. All politics in this. Well, nobody gives a crap. Nobody reads newspapers. Then there was another thing I saw that we can do realize that the average age you won't believe is true because I double checked it. I asked my dog. The average age of somebody who reads the first of all, most of the newspapers are out of business anyway. Right. The average age is 64. People will read newspapers. Nobody reads books. Nobody reads newspapers. The only people who watch CNN are it's only when there's some hysterical thing like the sniper business going on. And by the way, hey, moose man, nice job. They only stopped this for 10 times. 10 times. They stopped them in his caprice. But he wasn't a suspect because number one he wasn't white. And number two he wasn't in a white van. They were and had white under my leg. I'm sure. Oh, it's not a hurricane, chair. How about those cones? Baby, how do you hear it, cones? Squeak and buy another girls team. When are they ever going to play another real team? Some day, huh? Jesus Christ. What a joke. Huh? I said never. Good. What a see, that's the kind of stuff people in this ton of concern about. That's what they're worried about. Football games. Hey, Bob, that world series, huh? See, that's one other thing. I'm whipped up to a frenzy this morning. I'm just full of it. I don't need no goddamn stupid periodicals on all of your bedtime stories. I'm whipped up into a psychotic frenzy. Over many things, most of which you folks don't give a crap about. But I do. World series was great. Well, the ratings were down. Who gives a crap? What the ratings were under. We give a crap about the ratings on this show, which is why we're not going to let him go in the crap or. By the way, September we got screwed on this station. I just thought I passed that along. Who had the diaries? Hulios and Rednex. I'll always see a great crossover. Oh, sorry, Hulio. Well, I said, Hulio. Right away, he looked up like, you know. Ha ha ha. Don't take it personal, guys. I'm surrounded by Hulios. But we're not talking about friendly Hulios. We're talking about the enemy. And then of course, Rednex, which is America's Rednex. I'm coming back. I'm coming back to the real world. I'm finally getting a grasp on reality. How that pull come up before we get back to all of this crap, huh? And, fact, Lardass Limbo, I had a humongous, a big fat September there. Number one with an eight-two-shier in men. Does anybody believe that? No. All of Rednex and Hulios all are right winged. Maniacs had him in the September. They had all the diaries. Who is the hottest of them all we asked him Friday? We had how many votes? A bunch. Almost 1600. About 591. Some of which were even real votes. Mariah Scary 407, I guess, which he gets. She gets the buzzer, which matches that one big, misshaped breast in the middle of her chest. And by the way, honey, Llewis says there ain't no chance he's even going to let you take a look at it. Much like it's touching. How do you like that? Mariah Scary. So that was the crank vote. Do you sure this time in a pool? So she gets the old. He accused of the winner is expected to know surprised. Britney Spears 33 votes. Halle Berry, who was the late edition. Did very well. She moved right up there on top. 243. Shakira did well. 232. Nice going sweetheart. Then it's way way down to J. Low because there's more to be muted than just a big disgusting ass. Okay. J. Low 80. Jerry Ryan 60. I don't think most people know who that is. I don't. She's right on the wall back there. Hold in her crotch. Oh. Okay. Jerry Ryan 60. Christine Agalera 59, which really makes me wonder about the eyesight of the public. Pauline Rubio 43, which again, he must not know who she is because she she beats with anybody. I mean, even the Carlos looks better in Christine Agalera. And I've stepped on things that look better than Carlos. Especially an Amsterdam. It's all over the place, man. You've got to be careful there. Let's see, pulling Rubio 43, Tom Brady 38, who if he could play as good as he looks, they'd never lose a game. Pink 28. And Greek Aeglezi is 27. Madonna 23 and poor Tom welling 18. And a good news for me is I didn't remember that yesterday. The WWE repeats a small villain Sunday. That was a pretty good show yesterday. You don't you don't watch that show. Well, I haven't. Of course not because that show is none one of those fixed stations. So you're not going to be watching it. Tell you talking about the had me working here. And then I asked George, well, what did I miss? Oh, just another formula show. And by the way, I don't want to rip George Wally's on vacation this week, but man, just wait, just wait. I'm going to rip him and ask like, when him and Miguel, good, him and Miguel, couple of the most couple underreachievers I would say. You know, I'm talking about underreachievers, especially the lovely Miguel, which goes to show, just because he looks good. I'm not going to sit here and look his ass. Maybe later, but not during the show. Ten past nine. That's where we got a whole new attitude about this show today. This business is sitting here reading an in Tom's. I'm going to say, see, I told you he's back in Tom. Be in back in town. He's got nothing to do with it. You bald headed geek. You a little simple then. And we know you're going to be voting for the bush mice. They're four or five times. Mr. progressive. Mr. Friedam, I missed their first amendment champion. It's a redneck place. Let's face it. It's a freaking redneck place. Go with a flow. I'm voting for bush. How do you like that? Not. I'm voting for George P. What is an in George P? At least he used to look good once upon a time. 11 after nine at five, 60 WQM, let's face it. Then I just get through sameless face of a let's face it again. Face the wall. Hey, we brought something into whip. I'm going to shape today. Tulio, you think this will get the job done? Gonna whip that crazy old bastard in the shape. He thinks he's been raped it before. Just wait. Put that damn thing. Roar. The shame. Huh? Bloody old fart. I'm sorry. I'm sorry, Mo. I'm see I told that was worked up. Didn't get a chance to bond with him today. They've got a chance to do that. Anyway, you've been here at us talk about fast train for a long time. I wonder if it makes any sense for you. The facts are simple. Not a simple as Mo, but close. If you have the dedication fast train of providing with all that necessary training to become a certified computer professional according to time magazine, and you know what they know. The demand for computer professionals will continue to explode. Their average student completes a training in just four short months attending school. Just three nights a week. Once you've completed your certification, fast train will help you in getting great new computer job and making some serious cash. That's what it's all about. Stop working for peanuts. Okay. Even our trained monkeys, they want to work for peanuts. Fast train of such a commitment visit their training career. Consulate a determine which track is ideal for you. Siododon's, Lebanon, Jackson, harness raceway, whichever one. Call fast train toll free at 1-866 fast train to set up an appointment with four convenient locations. You'll find them in Miami and Pembro Pines for a lot of day on the brand new one in Kindle. There's a fast train bound to be nearby you. Don't forget as to career counsel for list of students like yourself or a coordinator, dream jobs too. Call fast train today and get on the track to a great new job before spring 1-866 fast train. That's 1-866 fast train or check them out on the web at fasttrained.com. I'm at law. This is for 205-16. You way, yeah. Yes, I am. They want us to find a way. Three of them are for back pain. Stop from 200 years ago when they were slain. Eight months. When I only have a mobile home, a pitfall in a pinchus code. So if you want to ask me how here's what I got to say. You've got to kiss a nigger good morning. Another train夢. You're starting for it's lay of the mom. Kiss a nigger good morning. And that's where everybody knew it's dead at all. Don't joke. He ain't here today, Mom. This will last. If I was born a day, he'd go to. Oh, it's lazy, something I do. But what we're dead people dead to you. I have to take the plane. Would you sit on the pole? No. With the can of spary cherry in fact, it's to the 40 acres and the view I have a better way. You've got to kiss a nigger good morning. Lamp on on how it's very far get pregnant too. Kiss a nigger good morning. And that's your resolution for it's lay of it. Kiss a nigger good morning. If you don't let your sorry for it's lay of the mom. I'm getting found. Kiss a nigger good morning. And that's where everybody knew it's dead at all. 917 at 560, about 10 to the levels who just don't know that. Overhand some don't get panicking out because they really don't care okay. But it might as well be able to hear what else going on. I don't care. So don't get to feeling at any point that I'm like getting all whipped up to a frenzy. Like some of the temperamental assholes that work in his radio station. They get all worked up. Who gives a crap you know, as long as we're on a year as long as the spots are getting on a year. That's all we're here for as long as the parents keeps coming in here with pay chess. Which you'll get paid eventually maybe. Or not as the case may be because we don't really care about that either as long as you just keep showing up. So get in back to Miguel and I will get him in a minute. Then we just got a lot of people here the answer. See I should be more like Moe. I should be a prick. I should be a nasty miserable old prick. I got the old part down. But I should be in course the prick part well. That's another story. But I just that's what I should be. But I'm just too easy going. That's why well you know, Neil so easy to work for. That's the problem. And old softy so to speak. Put up with any kind of crap. Well, we don't really want to do a best of CD this year because Miguel had to do all of work. So what else is you going to do? He probably says run up and down the hall running away from fat the rein back there. What else is he going to do? Go out with a stupid guy. With a van. Every day to get there. On here for two hours with a stupid. Plugs that we do because the sales department sells phantom promos. Oh yeah, we'll give you 20,000 mentions for a hundred dollars. Yeah, right. Of course they don't get any spots. They just get go out and see Miguel at the Mike's heart lemonade stand. Whatever to hell. He's got a lemonade like Larry Glick. That's what we do on a station. Just make crap up. But when it comes for this show. No, no, don't want to run a board anymore because he wasn't getting paid for it. Of course he wasn't a building anyway. Does it really make a difference? See what I'm saying? He's getting paid period unlike you, which you weren't getting paid anything. And I'm still coming. Still not getting paid anything. And he's still showing up. God damn it. Am I worked up. I'm whipped up to a frenzy. See those two endorsements of bush and those two papers yesterday. It, it, it, bring and I'm glad. I'm glad because it brings me back to reality. Like I'm going to change something sitting here, participating reading all of these columns by this one and that one. What difference doesn't make? It's entertainment. Why? I told you that 20 years ago. Forget about all that bull crap for those boring gets and all this garbage. That was me. Go by the way saying that I'll do this. He's, I'll do this. Yeah, you're a lazy spick. Okay. I'm not full anyway. See, he thinks because he looks good. No matter old fag, he thinks that's going to like good. Don't make any points with me. I'm not going to get any of that anyway. So what difference does it make? Huh? I'm not even going to get a look at it. So what, what difference does it make? Right. Plus, I don't believe in crap and where he eat. Bob removed told me, you know, crap or eat. That's what he told me that night he was drunk on his ass and Amsterdam. If that Indonesian restaurant at that buffet that would have worse me, I've ever had my life. And man, he can really put that booze away in a more the more he drinks. The loser that tongue gets and he starts in about screw in and on and on and on. And you don't crap or you eat all of a sudden. It was incredible. I just mentioned that again, in case you might be less than for a move, you silly person. And by the way, since they left the stuff in Amsterdam, see, Holy, I want to volunteer to go over there and get the phones working in Amsterdam. They'll like to trip. Now the phones are not working over there. Oh, yeah, we'll leave the equipment there because we don't need to change his mind all the time. I didn't change my mind. I was perfectly happy to let them send all the stuff back because I don't like the hours number one, three to seven in the afternoon. And number two, I really not that crazy about sitting in a room with mildew and mold, you know, gagging for four hours every day. But I'll put up with it. I'll tolerate it. I'll humor them since they changed their mind. But it would be nice if the phones were since we're going to go back to taking phone calls if we were getting it. Not yet, folks. Not yet. We'll let you know. And that's another thing. Oh, I'm in Toronto. Well, I'm a girl. They want to answer to phones. You don't want to get the raspberry guy. He don't want to talk to us. He don't want to answer to phones. What you getting paid for. And the same with little George there. That little little spick was a superstar enough. But we can get answered to phones. Now, he just takes that headset. And then you just go yes. We can get answered to phone calls in $800 each month even we have to make it to the city, it's off and like you also send a message. Very easy for you to arrive. And a lot of people service outside from station to the next day. To think that they are brought to you. And we tend to have to have a very busy car and practice. And, well, with that report arises and dispenses the chocolates that someone is going to be sending a message. How can you be on the vacation to be listening to this place? You screwed it up. You screwed me right. Stammy right in the back Miguel All the people that I go to back for in this place. That's why I'm not going to back for anybody again Yolty went to back for him to save his squeaky goddamn job. What does he do to see mention me on Friday? No No because most got him under his thumb. He's so scared a moment. He cowards in there Do you see him actually when his mint they got out of there? He took like four of most two pays and took him to get dry cleaned Right there in on a clock when little hand hit the big hand. Most flying out the door with guilty right on his ass So to speak And the same with Miguel went to bat for him and try to get him that pay increase when I give him a title or whatever I didn't do any good, but at least I went to bat for him We don't want to do that. You're a best dog. We please say you're not going to do that. I mean I could understand Let me just say this two things if they show us syndicated which it's not because I got the worth agent in America Who's you know too busy being a professional faggot, but if the show was syndicated then what I was doing before because I like the show See I enjoyed doing that. I thought I was doing something productive, but I forgot where I was Yeah, I forgot what market I was working in and what station I'm on and what time then forget about it. These people don't give a crap about that stuff And number two if I had like you know six months to go all I would take religion if I and that could happen I really would I take up any religion you like but if I had like six months So fine we don't do another best of seeding big deal, but I've been doing that for like a hundred years Right and like in midstream we break the whole continuity of what we do we could raise a lot of money for charity For the dog placing in which believe me. I'll tell you right now folks dogs most of my hell of a lot better than you people A lot of you people out there believe me including Reffen Jones and somebody else I know I'm getting pal. I won't mention his name The worst the worst pit bull on a face of the earth in my view is like 75 steps above I'm getting pal at him and Everywhere I go whether it's the track of the supermarket people stopping Neil is is what you're saying about Moses Is he really an asshole like that? I always say he's an asshole. I always say that yeah, that is it's true The most vicious the nastiest wild dog the ever step foot on a face of the globe is 400 steps above I'm getting pal at him it whatever it is now here's a facts from Laura and To bet if he wouldn't have run to the attractive with his two pay and guilty Maybe he could answer the question for us, but I doubt it because it's not about the jets It says I just came back last night from week in Las Vegas what a town in Seves City in the United States I think it says Laura but bad handwriting Laura Anyway, we're underplaying coming back to my man who sits in back of me but Jay Feeler from the Miami dolphins with his arm all bandage up and people are so stupid There was still has some fris autograph My question is why is D. Feeler flying coach with the rest of his dead beats doesn't make enough mind to fly first class There was room I would link we like it answer to this Laura. Laura. I love you But I like like I'm gonna give you an answer to that. How do we know? Maybe he doesn't like sitting back up there in the front with all his go. I don't know maybe was the last seat on the plane She said there was room in first class. Are you paying attention Carlos? She said when you better be paying attention to every word on your show, okay? She said there was room which maybe there was and maybe there was maybe she just making a whole story up. I don't know I have no idea Laura. I have no clue believe me Here's another great facts Bad timing on this one My first facts here goes he says Dear Neil and the reason I know it's he even though there's no name on we don't have any women I looked at the results of that poll that we took over the weekend We had 1500 votes now a lot of them granted chronic almost 1600 so say 300 were fake That's 1300 votes. We had like a smattering of votes for Tom Welling Tom Brady and Enrique Which means between the facts in the women out there. We don't have any about 80 our fact out of 1500 80 Yeah, we had nothing Absolutely nothing women in the faggots Maybe if we played more lies than an early records. I might help Dear Neil Number one said on the passing of the thanks for crawling ladies She sounded like my granny and reality was a universal granny to well I will miss her voice did you ever get to meet her any a remote snow number two You're ready an article keep reading the periodicals. No, no about the link between I see today I get to think keep reading the periodicals now and aren't we any more bedtime stories? Okay, and it's got nothing to do with Tom jika time you're still a little pots all right? Oh, yeah, but now that he's back in town and It's it makes me weak to think about how stupid some of these people are especially a little Tommy Like it makes a difference where I'm physically sitting as to what to show it It's what I'm doing on the show that counts Tom not where I'm sitting doing it as far as losing contact with this place Believe me death has got to be more exciting than living in South Florida death has got to be more Intervading more energizing than living in this town You can't complain about the excitement level here because there isn't any except of course reading the great newspapers It says but the link between the Arabs and McVey and the Oklahoma bombing was the article from I don't know sir And third it was Friday, but I like I remember And third please add to your website one of my favorite obscure songs that you seem to be the only one who knows of it I believe it's called Yamama What is it? Are we gonna add that to the website? So I thank you for your first fact. It's a nice effort, but You know over three you struck out How about those angels babies? What a great series? And we I stayed up and watched the whole damn thing So that I'm not coming late to this I'm not Santa and angels fan, but you know the year that they had the gigantic big run was at 96 I'm not a big base of that. Oh, well like I said what am I asking you and anyway if they had a phenomenal And they he was scored like 1050 runs a game It was it was a very exciting year when a JT snow was playing for the angels and they had Sam and was just getting going Garrett Anderson was just coming up and Jim Edmunds and that crew and They were very exciting so I kind of liked the angels then and then the fact that they made it this year was It was great so don't give me this crap about well it's boring. Yeah, baseball generally is boring And nobody here cares about except for the few pusses we got on the station suck it up to it again Because I got nothing else to talk about besides Jimmy and Danny and Danny and Jimmy and Jay and the Chris and around they Good golly Miss Molly Yeah, I know the Patriots stuck yesterday. They got no defense port Tommy Brady How about that face mask penalty didn't get called in the fourth quarter on their last drive that could have made a difference I don't think it would have but that was grotesque was flagrant He grabbed a hold of Tom Brady's head and spun it just around Spun it around like I'd name Linda Blair and who wouldn't like to do this Sports radio 560 su a I'm to get it on look at about it. That's what I say as that for a funny show idea if I made borrow a phrase from the great Modi Allen hello Darren everybody in paradise land I'm how would the David it? I hope you'll join me each and every friday for my for good about it Joe That's when I open the phone lines to or three of my regular low-income coils and let them vent to On what the bother in them? I was up on my dream in this one up at first I thought I'd go and would hand up it's like a Cindy Becker Maybe a poll to a vote for quist for quick but management I agree this will be a real show stopper Now I run a family type show here so I don't want no references to spik's drink a booze or Faggotchis guslas other than that I promise you a hilarious Good camp any a high jean and open conversation forget about it Friday that goes for listening to 560 wqam What do you say we just play this to one o'clock? I like it good. I did Sure's help beats a crap out of eating those stupid periodicals Tom And this asshole that keeps facts to me this inside radio stuff. I seriously would like to get a hold of this guy and just just Remember him with a crowbar Quit what is that your fags paper? I'm not reading it nobody cares about open did this an Anthony to nobody cares okay But speaking a radio little Tommy jik is added again Do I yesterday's a son sentinel and the same news paper where they endorsed Jeb Bush for governor Just like a freaking herald you know you people of the area. Do you think you're kidding anybody Panned me those spik's out there again in this town who are you kidding? That's all you to pander and pander They got a whole staff of cariper actors over there just to try to so they can walk at the elevator There's so bent over like a goddamn pretzel with other bending over back with a pander those right wing lunatics, but anyway Here's one of the questions in little Tommy's column yesterday. It says I'm a fan of Brooke Daniels I used to listen to her show on w i would do all the time. Oh, you're the one huh? I was just wondering whatever happened to her is the question from a e by e mail Tom's answer Daniels is one of many victims A clear channel dominating the market and using primarily out of town talent syndicated by one of clear channels some cities She finally came to her senses and got into a different line now. Why doesn't Tom just say she sucks Okay, he didn't belong on me. You're even to say hello. She blew. Okay, can't say that she got into it For lunch. She recently began to queer and real estate with a soft Florida for the battle and bro Why doesn't Tom admit that her numbers you couldn't find with a guy that magnifying glass and the only reason she got rehired is because she went into the goddamn pb The Assassin Bolzer right across the street here a jiffy lube At jiffy, look, oh you want to come back Brooke sure You'll come back I was wondering how to get on the air in the first place pvbola horrible the assassin the same guy who brought you all those other great talents like Greg Him and then of course don't forget they're really great the chic the best well. I mean I Wasn't really all that gay until now. Yeah, there you go. Another great great find by pd the Assassin Bolzer So time at least you're consistent. Okay. You're not good but at least you're consistent And I'm sure the battling Brooke is thinking she's probably got a whole new career opening up Maybe you're gonna be back and head like together Here's our poll question today before we start taking these tremendous number of calls that are just pouring in here Now see they that what they want is for me to beg for calls because it's Monday See I haven't forgotten even though it's been many months I haven't forgotten Monday we got a beg for calls Even more than the other days of the week. Wow, we're busy We're getting after the weekend getting our live straight out again. We're trying to cover all the bets we lost on a weekend on a football games I'm gonna tell you this right now. What makes me really sad is people are bet on professional sports Which is most of the sports audience in this radio station What's your take on it? You know as soon as you hear that immediately you're lunging for the dial just like well what's his name is on? Fino Mad dog had a good line there that he said he thinking Vino thinks that what he hazes still coach in Ohio state I think you're right mad dog Not that he's out of touch or anything like that He wouldn't know what he hazed from what he graper being oh, he's so far out of it But hey it kills a good hour and be a Friday for the Humper Or what if Thursday? I'm sorry Here's our poll today and the reason I'm taking a poll is because I got a good bedtime story about this cover time magazine Oh, and not a bedtime well it's the only one I got well I got two and they both on the same subject It's about pot because all we're gonna be talking about any show from now on is drugs and sex and rock and roll That's it all right that's it. That's all we're gonna talk about sex and drugs and rock and roll and Brooked-in What is it disgusting bitch like her belong on here for like two minutes? Man the babbling broke my stir come on time why don't you admit it? Why can't you just come out and rip somebody? Yucky couldn't do it to this show while periodicals on audio what can you come out and say the show kneels doing right now is sucks I had more respect for if you would have said that you didn't like it Who calls again you're gonna say well, he's destroyed the show You know you can't please this guy you want to know why because he's a little piece of crap He's everything that's wrong with New York is Tom jica And not only that, but Stop it on top of it. Here's our question today. I told that was worked up into our frenzy Who needs a periodicals all right? I've been in La La online probably because I've been out of this time for most of the last several months Which makes me in a really good mood makes me realize there are other people who are progressive in the world They're not here. They're not here. Oh, you're right about that time. Maybe you do lose touch Maybe you forget how repressive and regressive and back-ass this places Man talk about and I'm just just talking about Florida. I'm talking about the USA I'm talking about and you go back on an electoral college map and you look around the edges and you see all of that blue with an democratic state California, Oregon, Washington You look on the East Coast and then of course up around the north Minnesota Michigan, Wisconsin New York, Pennsylvania East Coast, Jersey all in New England and then the rest of it everything else is all a red As in red neck That's why they color the Republican states red because it stands for red neck And Believe you me when you're in Florida you're surrounded the only liberals we got here are a bunch of old Jews We don't want to do a show for old Jews for crisis Man, that's the last thing I need that talk about going full cycle be like home back to KAT 26 years ago. Hello, Neo You know back to that crap again. I don't want to do a show for a bunch of old Jews over the age of 100 waiting for the early bird dinner Squeezing their goddamn deal pickles to how are they? Here's our poll question today What's your take on the marijuana laws this overhead is so weak curl is it just that but don't you don't worry about it? It's just it's awful In fact, they take up the they there's an office pool pool every day to see whether we're gonna get on the urinata nine o'clock I have an easier time when I'm in Amsterdam and Toronto getting on here at nine o'clock that I do here They're dealing with stuff like the one day's hacking there. Well, I don't know how to get an hour We're sitting here for two minutes so would that air because we can't do the big crossover Hey, we can bring a Carlos and the other Carlos and here's a big cross dresser What's your take on marijuana laws legalizing tax it? The criminalize it out there's that right there have another sandwich that and put you right over the edge Don't listen not a good idea for him to keep sticking his head into the door Moves finds out that he's concerning with us on this show and likes what we're doing here. He's gonna be he'll be out Tell me the next fat guy to water out of that show And I heard that old John call Mo on a way to work this morning the old sparse of John Talking about the beast told him this and the beast Where did you hear that what's your source for that? It's absolutely on through it's a freaking lie right right right? Mo who the hell are you kidding? What's your take on a marijuana laws legalizing tax it the criminalize it Trafficked it only for possession Which is what being proposed Look they're doing in Britain right now they're right in traffic tickets only legalize medical marijuana or keep the laws the same In other words throw them all in jail throw them in a huskow And let me say again nice going chief moosey most they're all patting each other on a back over What a great job on catcher the damn snipers up there and like I said 10 times they stopped this Vartier okay this is come back this way. Miss Mohammed Schwartz whatever his name is 10 times but because they were wasn't in a wide van And if they wouldn't have been stupid enough to call that's damn priest to be making to basically turn themselves in They'd still be looking for me. It's still be blown people away And then we got all these self-congregulatory Congressulatory people are on a and the media on CNN. Oh my god. Well, maybe we did a little bit too much But we people were hungry for information the only department. You didn't have any information You just had wild speculation not information wild-frican speculation But I mean but it would but I'm up and I think it's a two white teenagers and well, it wasn't two white teenagers And it wasn't a white van and it wasn't the effect nothing about it was white. How do you like that? And then they got to tell us well, you know the Capriest that they were driving used to be a police car What's well isn't that great boy? Don't you find that very uh, silly lady? That's almost you know what it reminds me of We got a new Jimmy and Danny and Chris and around they we got Crackers and honey honey and crackers Do you know how many times have heard that over the last three days in a media honey and crackers crack a very strange lady was feeding that young man crackers and honey You can teach it to your pericate, okay? Crackers and honey Jimmy and Danny and the Chris and around they Get serious The media is just it's it's hopeless and the idea that they're gonna critique themselves anytime soon all I can say is But got about it right 19 till 10 at 5. 60 W to Q a m Want to chance to win a free bear from the Vermont teddy bear company just sign up to be a pre-furred member because that's free to Find out more by calling 1 800 a 2 9 bear or visiting their website at remontediber.com If you're looking for a fun different gift for somebody's birthday new baby or wish somebody well sending a program gift is a swell idea Just call 1 800 a 2 9 bear and a bear crowns will help you choose from over 100 hand crafted bears Personalized just three loved one and blizzard and a colorful gift box with a card and candy It's a creative alternative to flowers which die in no time at all and this will be enjoyed forever because Vermont teddy bears are guaranteed for like You can choose from bears like the new baby bear with the baby's name and birthday embroidered on the bib or wish somebody well with the good wishes Fairy bear They've got bears for hobbies occupations too like the gardening bear in the cooking bear or the business man and woman's bears overnight and Saturday delivery is guaranteed So call it's as please save or wait him at the end of every spot so I better so call today That's what it says on here. You don't think they're gonna retipe this do you because our sales people You've got to retipe this piece of crap that came in from some agency somewhere They just hand you here's a sheet of paper. Okay, make magic with it I hope they're losing their ass out there and Vegas so call today 1 800 829 bear or shop online Nevermind teddy bear dot com show you care send a bear the creator alternative to flowers call 1 800 829 bear B-a r be sure to them that old Neil told you to call For the more on hour at nine o'clock you'll hear more Jesus him the saints the eyes Yeah Give the high on the back of the box, give him a nose, give him some, all the grey on for two row to get some better piano roll, hook up all time back to take home. I'm 47 at 560 WDQ and 43 votes on there. What's your take on the marijuana laws? Legalize in tax of 36. Traffic ticker only for possession three. The criminalize it too. Only legalize medical marijuana. One, keep the laws the same. One, real, goody, two shoes. Repressive assual out there. This is, keep the laws the same. Let's fill up the jails that all those damn weeds that puffers out there. I puffed this pal. I hear the facts from Larry and my amuse is, why does Mo leave out mad dog show when he weeds the lineup? You and Georgia understand, but is he Jim's partner? Just curious, because he's a prick. That's why Larry. Okay. Here to two guys are working together on the football games, but I guess because mad dog is also a part of the midday show here, like 10 to three, the old time slot. Therefore, we don't want to, don't want to plug him to buy. Is if anybody's going to listen to a show because somebody mentions it on the year, you just do it as a professional courtesy. That's why you do it. It's just that it's done. You do it because it's done. Just like we give the time because it's done. Nobody gives a crap about the time. If you're too stupid to have a guy, they watch them. Why should you be listening to this show? How can you afford a radio? We just do these things because it's the way things are done. Except on this radio station where we got too many pushes right under place. So don't have the balls to go in there to that silly old man with a bad hair piece and say, listen. Don't promote the whole guy the station. You don't pick and choose who you're going to promote on the show. That's just the way it's done here. You silly old goose. What was that thing about the news around the ducks, a goose, something like that? Oh, and here's a facts with his Andrew Sullivan. First of all, I wouldn't, I see the paragraph and it would make his reference to our website. This is what Eric was a squeal at about last week of that year, weren't here. With Boca Brian and about, well, some right, it was Andrew Sullivan, that self-hating of Faggot, who writes a thing about the bigotry and this and that and about racism and unfortunately, the demonization of Kati Rice is restricted to Harry Bellafonte, a liberal radio shown Florida's promoting a CD of humorous songs by one of its featured performers, the album which Boca the cover depicting Bush kissing Rice on the cheek features a song called Kiss and Ager Good Morning. The star of the show, by the way, is white, but he's anti-Bush plugs books by Paul Bagallon Malloy. I've had so we can't be a racist. Well, guess what, Andy, I am a racist. How do you like that? And proud of it. How do you like them, Apple? Sonic keeps saying that, over no. Oh, no, Neil, you do not be a racist. Yeah, I am. I am. And this idea of Dark folks walking around with guns, man. This is unacceptable. It's fine enough we got Red Nax running around with guns. They're dangerous, but not even in the same category as these Dark folks with guns. First you learn to read and write. Then maybe then maybe. Maybe. Well, let's have a gun or two. And here's some greaser that writes me this facts. Oh, he's the one that gave me the article. See, I don't pay any attention Andrew Sullivan, because like I said, he's a self-hating right wing faggot. He's kind of like Alice Rantell only worse. So he sends me the article. And then he goes on about he loves the bedside bedtime stir as one. Glad Fred, because the bedtime stir is our history. No moss. We're coming back to our real show on here. It's entertainment. We're not going to change people. We're not going to make people interested in voting and in politics and in newspapers. There is nobody gives a crap about those things. Nobody cares about that. This is an entertainment show. I lost contact with my senses. Also, we said, what else did you see in here? Oh, yeah. And then it gives me instructions on how dominant KNAC is pronounced in Italian. CH equals K because his last name ends in OANE. See, this is some greaseball. So we give me Italian. Like I need Italian lessons. I asked George Hyatt pronounced that I mean, he gave me the right to give me a bum information as usual. Some little spick. What does he know? Dominic KNAC, OK? You got it? Fred? And thanks for the facts. But no more bedtime stories. And no more Andy Sullivan at all. Got it? Should we take some calls? No, not yet. Well, we don't have any yet, first of all. Oh, yeah. We want the calls back. We want, and it'd be the same as it always was. I'll be sitting here begging for calls every day. But I don't care. See, that's the difference. I don't care. That's what they want. Whoever heard of a radio talk show would know calls. WKOM. Do you hear anybody on there? I think that sounded like the phone system, didn't it? WKOM. Hello? Yes, sir. Hello, this morning. Great. I am so glad to hear your voice. That's what he. Yeah, I wish I could say the same. I wish I could say the same, Woody. See, just because I said I'm taking calls again, as I mean, I'm talking to chronics. No, first one, right out of the box. I'm so glad to hear your voice. And my response, perfect. I wish I could say the same. That's my response. And I'll throw one of those for you, too. Woody, OK? Talk about the lifeless masses. You can put them on hold. Don't talk to them. Just put them on hold. Don't even see if just put them on hold. Follow, pay attention when I'm saying, or you'll be the next Miguel. Believe me, you weren't going to be no Miguel. And Miguel, you're really like, like, I Bravo had gone farther, too on again over the weekend, sometime in the night. I never even watched Bravo, but I was channel surfing. And there was, I can't turn it off. I can't turn it off. I've seen one, two, and three, and even four were salmon, maybe. And I've seen them all 4,000 times. And if I come across one of those on a year, I can't turn it off. And they're in Cuba. And he finally realizes the little light goes off. And Michael said, and he realizes that Frater was the one who betrayed him. We set him up. I saw that exact same part. I turned it on. Which Johnny Olah. Yeah, oh, yeah, Johnny used to take me all the time. You won't believe it. And all of a sudden, Michael has that look on his face. And then is there kind of like Walton off there. He goes up and grabs him and gives him the kiss, the kiss of death on the lips. Kiss a Frater good morning. You broke my heart, Frater. Just like I was taking Miguel, broke my heart. Don't want to take his put any calls on of online. They're mandaling. Don't want to do the CD. He just wants to get paid. Which is good, because he's taking a page out of my book. Let's work more pay. In Carlos, this case, it's more work no pay. But you've got to let compensate for the rest of us. 89 votes on a pool, 69. I love it. 69 say legalize it and tax it. Let's light one up right. The drugs I care about the sex. I care about both. And I'll see he ain't getting any. You know, he's maybe getting some of the drugs. He sure ain't getting any sex. Not at home. Anyway, cover a time magazine. The new politics of pot. 7 and 10 Americans, 72 percent. I was our percent. Well, it's hard to tell. Because we asked the question differently. 7 and 10 favor fines rather than jail time from marijuana possession. 8 and 10 support legalizing medical marijuana. 80 percent. 80 percent. And the DEA is still sending assholes out there in the California where they have laws on the books laws that they passed the voters passed. County and statewide laws legalizing medical marijuana. And they send the DEA in there to bust them and put them in jail and destroy their lives. Your tax dollars. And we're worried about why we can't find terrorists. And this is what the right wingers embrace the point is there's no point. There's no point in talking about the substance because they don't care about the substance. Like I said a few days ago, if they cared about the substance, nobody would vote for Jeff Bush for governor again. Impossible. Much less have our two major newspapers down here in Dorson for reelection. Bigoted in the end of the all right wing board again, phony line hypocritical. Goody two shoes. Have a crap. Not to mention the fixed 2000 presidential election. Forget about those things. Okay. It's it's shocking to me. But then you know as many years as I've lived in the state, I should realize it's a hopeless place. So, but got about it. Right. That's all you can do. Anyway, we'll get to the article by the time. It's a little bedtime story that I see in a front page of the Harold Nevada divided on Palau de Chutileglaz, you some marijuana, which I talked about that many many times. And those days when I was doing my great bedtime stories. WQAM. They kneel. Yes, sir. Hey, why do you say you want calls? You're afraid to take a call from anybody that disagrees with you. Yes, such as one. On any issue. Well, let's hear what you want. Let's hear what you want. Let's hear what you want to disagree about. Anybody that disagrees with you. Let's hear what you want to disagree about. All right. You got a little see how long it takes to hang up on me. Okay. You see how long that was? Were you timing it? About a quarter of a second. You know, that was that was that Dennis Asselt again. That was C two for two. I know both voices. Jesus. No, wasn't Jesus. It was Dennis. No, he may have sounded a little bit like your buddy there. One million times for Neil Rodden on him. See that again. Sorry, I did that. George is homeless. The monitoring. He realizes the first old man in the state. What I meant to say is he sounded like Jesus Christ. But it wasn't. It was that Dennis again who wants to start in about the fangs and the Catholics. Get yourself some help while it's before it's too late. Okay. Come out of the closet before it's too god damn late. Before your wife discovers you in the mad throws with your boyfriend and a goddamn closet. My wife. My love. This is Fort Daniel 5. 6. You and you and you and you and you. Man, that's you. I'm out. What's going on? Doing tonight. And crying minds want to know. That's why inquiring mice read the Miami hero. Is Maurice for a really having sex with an alien from outer space? It's in the house. It's Paul Hawkins the true mother of the elephant man. It's in the house. He's John Kennedy sleeping with Max Hibber. It's in the house. Is Jim Baker about to get birth to Jerry fall well, baby? It's in the house. Sex sex sex more hot. That's all it's in the house. Watch Gary Hart's amazing rice diet from Florida. A crossword puzzle that has no answer. Our own fuel supply is just for us. Hot pups, no matter to snail rockers. And we're so sorry uncle Albert but we haven't heard of what he think all day. Mindlessly, spabbly rhetoric. It's home and the latest it's you. The Miami hero. Available at supermarket checkout counters everywhere. And we're finer manure is spread. See this Dennis, he tried a different tactic today instead of starting like the last time he did by saying, well, can we talk about anything and then we're off about the Gase out troop leaders and gay this and gay that and a cathartic. This time he starts about well, you won't listen to anybody disagree with it. Dennis, we got Dennis and what are you so far? See what I'm saying? This is great. This is where it's at. Just keep him coming. Maybe 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. And of course, the fact that most of these people have been shut off, we take in their water weight last eight months most of it. Now they're just foaming it them off for the opportunity. Because you want to know why? It's time to get it all. There you go, Moe, you got your thumb on it. I think George has got a point. I think he snaps those at two pays on. Snap ons. Now this is one of the great factions I've ever received from one of our regular factions. It says was this in the hero this morning. The giants didn't lose the world series. The Cubans did. The Cubans did it. Ha ha ha ha. Now you want to know why I see that you remember the Danle by our student column that I've talked about many times when in Marlins won the series 97. Yep. One of the most embarrassing columns ever written in a history of mankind. And only somebody like, oh god. I was the only one I had to balls to stand up and say, hey, this is disgusting. This is grotesque. Talk about ethnic hatred. Talk about fanning the flames of professional spectrum. Oh, the Marlins didn't win the world series. The Cubans wanted because Levon was the winning pitcher. As if nobody else was played on that team. Now who was the kid, the infielder that they traded away to got the winning hit, the little punky kid, the second basement. You don't want to talk about it. Yeah, I don't really talk about it. Well, whatever the name's not important. He wasn't Cuban by the way. Like that's just my point. But Levon yesterday, he couldn't have thrown a strike. If you've stuck the big fat Cuban cigar in his Yes, they also. Great council. Thank you. One of our sports nerds came through with that. Little will won't be Craig Council. The Marlins didn't win the series. The Cubans wanted Dan LeBastard who they because of the fact he's such a jackass. They put him on here in his radio so they put that professional stick on here. Every Wednesday morning. Tiggle in there. Wow. Yeah, he won't be talking about Levon. This Wednesday, guarantee of that. When Garrett Anderson hit that bases loaded double, and cleared the bases man, I was squeezed myself. I was so excited. And then did you notice in the first inning? Because there was one marginal pitch there, which was a ball was high and outside. And he didn't get the call. And Levon goes in the dugout and he's bitching at the play and I'm firing bitching at Cousin at the camera too. Yeah, he's screaming at the camera. Yeah, they were looking at that. Well, guess what? Bob Bongola, baby. Oh, could that's for you, Levon? Good riddance to bad rubbish. We're glad we got you out of here. And anybody else that ever played here, we're going to get rid of them too. Ha ha. Including the ones on the team now. But hey, they're going to be giving free weenies away. That's going to bring those public people back. If ever a town were belong where they ought to be giving free weeners away, this is it. This is it. The Cubans won the World Series. Oh, I don't realize it was like, like, Cubana, Nassio and Al, whatever it hell it is. Wasn't that what it was? How do you say team in spick? A people. A people, Nassio and Al, they Cuba. Huh? Close? Perfect. Yeah, not bad. Whether it was the Cuban national team. It was the Havana sugar kings. It wasn't a guy named Miami, a Marlon or a Florenta, however it had they are this week. The South Florida Marlins. Here's the facts from Jane and Fort Lauderdale said, did you know upwards of 50,000 people protested to war Washington, DC said, Yes, I did, Jane actually read newspapers and watch TV. I'm like this audience. I'm like this town. I'm like this country where they're too busy watching reruns of smallville. Pretty good show. The corporate media made sure they didn't cover it. Fifteen seconds on CNN was all snipers all the time. If it weren't for the internet in C-span and everyone heard of it, but my sister and I stood on a corner of sample in federal and hell upsign saying, Jobs not war on Saturday in solidarity with the folks in DC. When I was going, Jane, I'm sure it was very productive. Not. And let me tell you, the thumbs up way outnumbered the more ones who want war. I think people are so brainwashed by the media, they don't know they have a choice. Don't feel so alone. We love you. On a sad and old Paul Wellstone where the conspiracy theorists. Yeah, they'll be coming out of the woodwork. Two years ago we had the What's his name, Melcarnahan and Missouri. Right before the election, now we got Paul Wellstone. Any conspiracy there? No, no, to play in there. They were flying in horrendous weather. It reminds me of that little girl. What was your name? They went up and that plane. They're 11 year old girl. I was flying to plane. And I had that premonition on WIOD. Anybody remember that? No. And I said she's going to die up there and she did. Jessica, that was her name. When she liked seven or eleven. I think she was the lead, but she might have been seven. I remember hearing that story. Was she working at seven, eleven? That's seriously gentle. Makes Jessica and a head or a flying plane. And a driving reinser. Well, we got it. And the mother was saying, well, we got a busy schedule. We got to get on a Minnesota for some more, you know, TV exposure for some more free year time. Didn't make it. Anyway, so Paul Wellstone is that who is a great guy, very liable. But, you know, we're not supposed to be liable anymore because it's just not the American way. Also Jane points out the Palm Beach Postendorf. Right, which I knew they would because the Palm Beach Post, like I said last week has been done good on this stuff. P.S. don't trust the corporate media, meaning they hurled in a freaking sun center, which of course we know the sun's channel is owned by the Chicago Tribune Company. A bunch of right wing assholes from Chicago. Who also owned the Cubs by the way and look at them. What does that tell you? When you're getting news from a goddamn corporate entity that owns the Chicago Cubs, what does that tell you about the freaking news that you're getting? It sucks, just like the Cubs. It's really not worth, you know. Going through this, but I will anyway. Hey, Neil, f*** you. Yeah, oh, and speaking of baseball broadcasters, I got to tell you, I got to admit, when you're wrong, you're wrong. Well, the three years, the only time ever saw John Miller or heard him do a game was on the ESPN stuff where he does all of that phony stick and he's, say, if you know, puts on that phony excitement and I don't like that. But coming home from the track Saturday was when the giants were had five nothing in the seventh inning and the angels started mounting that great comeback. He was sensational. He was great. Really, John Miller. He's outstanding. And by the way, speaking of people doing great who get out of this town, isn't it a bad break that poor Jo Angel had to leave the Marlins so we could go to the pen and winning giant? Yeah, what a tough break for good old Jo Angel, poor guy. And I don't know what he's at, but John Henry lets, they stabbed Jo in a back and blow him out of here so that the great Dave O'Brien, the cookie cutter sound of Dave O'Brien, he can be the main man. And he leaves here and flies off the ESPN. Yeah, serves him right. Please, everybody hang in. Serves your right, John Henry. You little puts up there with your Montreal Red Sox or the Boston Royal, uh, expose whatever it hell they are this week. Would that phony deal they got going? Who are you people kidding? But thank God we got the Wienes coming back. Oh, speaking of Wienes that was in a car yesterday. It was the Crow was on before the World Series. The Crow does he belong on here to say hello? No. And just like always, the ass suckers. Oh, gee, Crow, this is your last show in the World Series. Oh, gee, we hope you're coming back next year. I don't. I don't cause him and bear us to be in the same building with him and you discover the other ESPN as like a French or house. I guess I did. Oh, what is that? How much cashmere bouquet do you need their spritz on you? I mean, let's get serious. What is the message there? And the only reason he's stuck at around with that Marlon crap is because he's still wants to be the manager. The Crow. He's got his finger in everything. Braco, all over the place. He's a wannabe. Really? Oh, yeah. That's one of these. He's sucking on to that stuff. Nobody cares about baseball here. Just the. Hey, Neil. Fuck you. And as far as the morning show, you know, if you're going to start sucking out the David Samuels now, whatever the guy, that is the name Sam, David Sam. Samson and Delilah. You're going to start sucking out the Samson and Delilah. Oh, God, about it. Yeah, because there's no credibility there. God, it shows up late for your show and treats you with this respect, but just don't forget that. Okay, just keep that in mind. He didn't respect you. He had a tie rate about that. I don't even remember how many. I know. I know. I know that for for days and days that he had such lack of respect. He showed up seven minutes late for the interview. In fact, he spent about the first five minutes chastizing him for showing up late as opposed to like chastizing him for being a a liar and putting one over on the public here. But the public here is used to have one put over on him, you know, just like with the panthers, which nobody cares about, so they can afford to do that. Oh, and by the way, the panthers, not only at home, but everywhere they go, they're the lowest draw on the league. The pathetic falling leaves lost again the other night. Blue to lead three times to the ranges, but we're used to it now. But last Wednesday night is the first time in a cool zage. They didn't fill up the air Canada center. Maybe there were 38 unsold tickets. Every other game they got standing remotely, like 1500 standing remotely. And who was the opponent last Wednesday? The panthers. Oh, who did win the game though? I should point that out for the one. What are we going to do about God damn Pat Quinn and Bill Waters? And what's his name? Old Ken Dryden, huh? What are we going to do about them? I think we gave all the money to rhyme a claim. We could have gotten some guy damn good hockey players instead. They gave it to rhyme a claim. Who's the one who was cream puffed interviews with the old the silly old man. Anybody want to talk some hockey? No, no. God forbid. But like I said, they put the, you know, pull the wool over the eyes of the public. Oh, well, we don't want Pabelle because he's disruptive. He's bad in the room. Yeah. He scored two goals in that game Saturday again by the way. I should point out. But we're going to take that money. We're going to go out and get some free agents and really build this team. Did they do it? No. Are they full of crap? Yes, they are. Yes, they are. We love you, Panther. It's the same old crap in this time. They're going to change. Never going to change. You're much your phony baloney. He's a bunch of snake welfare salesmen. They come down to pike. They take advantage of the old people. They take advantage of the so-called sports fans. Which we don't have any sports fans. You're maybe about 50. We got about 50 people. I have a clue what the game is even all about. The tops. Yeah. I prefer Bowman myself. Yeah, we're talking baseball cards now. Anybody want to talk about that? He said tops are like Bowman. I like the 54 ones where they had like the TV screen with the players pictures. Did you ever see those? Yes, I was. How about the fear? I like the bubble gum. The fear was, had the best bubble gum. And of course, every time we went out and ball like 10 packs of baseball cards, you had to like shove all of them in your mouth. Yeah, yeah, it was obligatory that you had to chew every piece. Even though you spit it right out. And the gum too. 10 past 10 at 5 60, WKM, I got 144 votes on there. They want that weed baby. Oh, and before the end of the show today, we're going to give a Steve M's address in dating as phone number. It's just some really good crap. If you didn't want to get out of bed this morning, because you were feeling cranky or you didn't sleep at all last night, then do the smart thing called 1 800 Macros. That's the number four dial-Macros. When you call 1 800 Macros, you'll be guaranteed a great night sleep for a year's to go, like this overhead is so low I can barely even hear myself. How about if I crank it up all the way, how would that be? When you call that number like I said, you, huh? Give it a little, give it a little shock. Give it a little cranky now, the overhead. Is there a button in there? Is there a, there you go? We're getting there. And dial-Macros carries only the top brands like Sirda, Seely Simmons, King Coral, and every size and cover level, which means the mattress you want is in stock right now available for immediate delivery. Recently, they set up the extremely lazy McGill with a new bed, and he's probably spending half a day in here all day. He's loving it. That's right. Lazy Slob like him. The folks at dial-Macros did what they said they would, no BS, no excuses, no bait and switch just a comfortable relaxing night sleep for the lovely lazy McGill. When the crew from dial-Macros got the McGill's house, they set up his mattress to quite the old one, and before they were even out the door, he was already fast to sleep in the sack. Don't be tempted by stores going out of business who can't deliver. Now through the end of the month, which means you got only three days left. Dial-Macros offers you free delivery. That's right. You can get free a dial-Macros delivery in just two hours, or in any given tour window you provide depending on where you live, when it's convenient for you, noon to two, one to three, et cetera. Tell Miguel the buzz off. Don't forget now for a little bit of time delivery is guaranteed free, but you only got three days to take advantage. Hey, how about those best off-sidies, McGill? You lazy-spect. So sleep-luck, I mean, like me and Miguel do, in fact he sleeps on the weekend, like 18, 19 hours a day. Call 1-800 mattress right now, 1-800-MATT-T-RES for dial-Macros, brand name beds for busy people, and lazy ones do. Live at the local, this is 560. The radio's on your turn. Oh, my God. You ain't... I'm Lund's wife. My Lund's wife. My Lund's... I'll never give you another beer. Hang on, wait for me, I got the way ahead. Oh, no, you love, God's no, you love, you're from me. With your fucking yellow teeth so far apart, I'm the leader, I'm the leader, what you be doing. If the old magiest-like dead-progansh-waters-daw... Mother, drink with me. Because you are at home, but you need food. You're here to give you to black-day, and to memory of this mar. Oh, God, about us, they lack. How you sound that shoes underleaf the earth. Oh, the way you wash and walk the white-ish cars. George, did you know, say, he trust you, but believe you. To sell our allies of the free or the war. But then he make you in all the white-house bathroom. The couple seem to toy it, and then scrub the floor. They tell you, don't wear sandals, God's no, leave them. Your home should don't help make them all over the region. You're not being naked, but you slide it, be velcro. If you'll be what you'd be, let go of this blue moon. Wonder why you'd be sleeping fast-gave, maybe that. She's scrubbed. That's the dream you just lack your ester room. That's when your head will move from touch at the start. Dr. Lee, Lee, Lee, Lee, Lee, Lee. Into the bush as rummire, they be crack or asshole. That's 17 to 5.60 WCM happy Monday at 1. We got happy. Right, Panthers home game tonight, the lightning. You think I'm going to go see that? The lightning of the whole A-Loss One game. They finally lost the jersey that I'd have five to one. The whole A-Loss One game. They're in first place, exciting young team. Wow. Do you think I should go and see that? Yes. Any K after the hockey game, and join Mark overnight, the dirty boy is speaking to them. Join the overnight guys, join Mark tonight from 9 to 11 before their show. And Gatsby's Kendall stopped by to win prizes, and joy specials on Crown Royal. And Gell will be there. You can ask him how come he's such a lazy stick. It's Monday night football is the giant stick on the Eagles tonight, Gatsby's in Kittle. A great, great rivalry, but of course the Eagles are right now supposed to be the best team in the league. Demand Denver. Close. That's pretty sad. But we got parody man, which means we got media equity. We got media equity. Every game you turn on, like Houston, who the hell would they plan yesterday? I mean, talk about Antenacy and the, oh, wow. I got the package on there and man. It's enough to make you want to cry. I was kind of interested in Tom Brady's package, but so was the Denver defense. What a shame. What a shame. That after such a brilliant start come to find up that they got no defense. And not much of an offense either. But other net, he still looks pretty good. Here's the fact this is whatever happened to Antencati was a letter sent to the Sun Sentinel, and it says that they won't print it. And while we mourn the loss of Senator Paul wealth, it says Americans, if every political persuasion or still mourning loss of Senator Paul wealth, don't, I got news for you, sir. Your intentions are good. Americans, there wouldn't no Paul wealth, don't from Paul Simon. And I'm not talking about the Senator either, former Senator. Yadi, yadi, yadi, yadi, and Jeb Bush did this, and Jeb Bush did that, then yadi, yadi, and like of Antencati, sir, you're absolutely right. You know something? And then that in 45 cents a buy about a half a cup of coffee at the Rascal House. You're, you do what I've been doing for the last eight months. You're farting in a windstorm. That's what you're doing. You're whistling in the dark. Just take a look at the map of this country, sir. This is a right wing, goody two shoes, repressive, back water country. Okay, and we flex our muscle or number one, and we're the great. Yeah, we're number one with guns. Okay, that. There's no other supposedly civilized country where people butcher each other up 50,000 a year with hand guns alone, like we do in this country, 50,000 a year. And they're talking to the day about all the tens of thousands who die from cigarettes every year. Well, if they're dying from cigarettes smoking, why is it legal? Tell me something good about cigarettes smoking. Tell me something good about it. We said to make money for all those guy-dendig corporations like Philip Morris and all those other great robbers. Nothing. Nothing. Or feeds and nicotine have it. And they said, they said in the Russian gas that the gas that theater with, they said there was heroin or morphine in the gas. And that nice. You're kidding. So that's the motto in Russian. Now if you take a bunch of people hostage, don't worry about killing them because we'll do it for you. We'll take care of it. Heroine or morphine in there. Lovely. DJ Valentine was beginning pretty chronic. Says I'm watching the post games ceremony. What do I see? Bob Effing, Eisner, and the third time of the apocalypse, Mickey Mouse, plastic and Eisner shirt. Only Mr. Mouse could overshadow Jean-Octrine. Hey, Eisner, why don't you send Mickey Goofy Pluto and Donald? Go circle jerk yourself somewhere else. You prick Disney's sucks. It says. I think like that. Somebody probably got turned down. I want to be a attendance at Disney World. For sure. Yeah. Are there any straight people working up there? No. See, that business of Gades is Disney World. Every day is Gades is Disney World. I wouldn't be letting your little kids listen to the T-rooms. I'll tell you that anyway. Edgar Renterie had got the game-winning world series hit not great. Council, well excuse me. Okay, it was five years ago. I'm lucky I can remember where I live. All right, in my age, which a week from tomorrow will be 60. I'll be 60. And I'm not one of those people that comes out here and lies about his age. I'll be 60. Old fart. So, happens to all of us. I don't feel a deal over 59 myself. And it's not going to make a damn difference to how anybody looks trying to hide. I'm not going to hang out with my appearance or yours. Or most. In fact, when you're 60, you might look better. I sure hope so for your sake. But I mean, you know, what's the big deal? I'm not wearing no silly ass mouthy to pay on my head. I'm not coming on here pretending to be like Mr. Slick, Mr. Hip, Mr. Hot Shot. I'm an old fart. Big deal. Have it's their every buddy. And I'm making a lot of money. By the way, another giant among men is paston. I appreciate these fashes. They're great. Bernard Bernier-Lacher. And it's old story. We had that on the air. The founder of Tampa of a Bernstake, house in Tampa. Like I said, the founder of Tampa. We know that, sir. Thank you very much. But get with it. By the way, it's Monday, October 28th. Turn your route, clock back. Do you realize that if I hadn't, when I was leaving the track Saturday, one of my friends of their teleases, hey, don't forget to turn your clock. And I had forgotten. So thanks a lot, Pally. I have forgotten. I never, what? That would have been great. Why is that? Well, yeah, that's all right. We're only a bit creative if it happens like on a weekday. Because if you get up on Sunday and it's not the right time, you can always adjust it. You know, in other words, if the game were to start at that, then what would it have been? Now, let me figure this out. It would have been a two, right? Instead of a one. No, it would have been a two. A little bit of a noon. Yeah, right. Fall back, spring. Are you sure? We turned them back. Okay. So when it was one o'clock, it was really. Right. Right, right, right, right, right, right. You're right. I'm wrong. No. When it was one o'clock, it was really two. So what have been, uh, like I said, we're, we're about it. Forget about it, right? Well, I'm usually pretty good on stuff like that. But anyway, thanks for reminding me, because I never would have turned them back. And at, of course, that's one of the exciting projects, what he's living in South Florida, is turning their clock's head, Naples, and turning them back in October. Woo, something to do, baby. Got to change your be clock in the house in my watch, too. Otherwise, didn't the elevator pump in a park. By the way, Wally, Hennessy's the anti-Christ Bruce Ranger won seven races on Saturday and pump in a park. Didn't I say on a show last week, Bruce Rangers, the best in the, uh, that track. You betcha with all the apologies to the great Kevin Wallace and Wally, who's pretty good when he wants to be. Hey, Wally, you killed us, baby. You're killing us. The anti-Christ. And I still say, I think you look like Paul Bernardo. Only not as good. WCU I am. Hey, Neil, you're a breath of pressure. Yes, I am, man. And this is just the beginning. We're getting back to a real entertaining radio show instead of sitting here trying to change the guy damn world on a radio and some stupid show. I like the tone today. Yes, me, too. Hey, listen. I want to see you should have seen the tone of, uh, Mos to pay this morning. Hey, uh, my gwindle. I really enjoy your rant on on, but, uh, I wonder why you, you rip on Josie all the time. Josie Gackie. Because he's boring. That's wise. But you see there's a difference with Josie. I like to a personally. If never personal with Josie, it's business. But with Moids both. He's a nice guy. He has a big penis too. I met him at Marquite Stadium. Yeah. Yeah. Hey, you still talk. Talk to Colby. And I'll have to find out from Derek if he's still alive. Maybe Hank knows. Okay. All right. Have a great day. Okay, see you. Less their green shirt. That's a guy never used to change his shirt. He always had the same green shirt. He's hanging up by the finish line. A real degenerate. Not as good as old Ernie though. Does anybody out there remember my good friend, Ernie? He had called her. He's been dead for years. He was a trip. Funny guy. He used to sit in the same spot in the grants that all the time. And he talked to himself. He'd make up the call of the race before the race. And they're right. And on the outside, it's my turn. And he would do it for like a minute. He'd go through the whole day. A panic. And then he turned. He said, could you like? Like in a regular voice. Who do you like? He was hysterical. And he always wore these strange, arguile socks. Kind of like Mo. Kind of like Mo. Maybe he was kind of Mo. You know what? Good old Ernie. He was fantastic. I'm going to have to start going out to call her again. No. No. You're right. Why not? What would I do that? W to Q a M. Yeah. Who the more of it is the bulldog from Amsterdam? Yes. We like to get a milling hater to send the weed. I just wrap up a brick in our back door. You read the paper all Friday about the Dutch street. New company here. Yes, I did. I made a cut see if you'd have been listening all four hours. Yeah. I mentioned that. No. I got to work one for the whole. I also mentioned that. There was a huge party in Kendall, a Dutch party in herring party. That's that. And they were there with their little car and hanging out the food. I gave them a nice plug. And I said, I wish him the best. But let's face the Dutch food sucks. So good luck to that. That's why I'm living here. That's what we're here to. Yeah. You're right about that. Hey, have a great one and a great show. I'll see you at the likes of playing. The Huchus and Rembrandt playing. Do it. And the name right. The coffee shop. Okay. Do it. Tootsines. Who did Truman Beaton 48? Do he? That's right. That's what they call it in New York to Thomas Eat. Do he? Three way. Three way. No freeways in New York. Baby. It's the true way. I could tell you some old true ways. The race almost run out of gas on the other way. And what else? The road that runs from the city all the way up along along the Hudson River? What else? The name of that thing. Oh, my god. It runs up and you go up there and you hook in with a mass turnpike. It's right along the Hudson River. But anyway, some of the york are out there. We'll know. Just about ran out of gas on that one. I would have a couple of palies in mine from Boston back in the early 60s. We see, uh, we see, uh, like a farm here. With like, with three gas pumps. We pulled in there like two o'clock in the morning. The old coger comes out. Charges about five bucks a gallon. Hey, anyway. Boy, I tell you, I feel like I'm just losing it today because of that. That those newspapers yesterday morning. It just, I just set up straight attention and saluted my god name. Ask when I saw that. I said to myself, oh, you must be back in USA. Number of the Beatles song back in the US. A. There's a Canadian song. 175 votes on air on the wicked weed. What's your take on the marijuana laws? Legalize it in tax 124 and let's start buying some right through it and show. Let's give out Sam and his phone number right now. In fact, you can take both of your Sunday newspapers and roll a joint in them. Okay, roll a big fat one in your Sunday newspaper. The criminalized in 24. Keep the laws the same 10. 10. Traffic ticket only for possession nine. And only legalize medical marijuana eight. So let's see. The criminalized illegalizes 84%. How do you like that? That's this pot smoking sex craze crowd of ours and that's what we like. Only sex drugs in rock and roll anything else. Forget about it. That's what I say on a show. Forget about it. Right. You said it, how he. You wait tomorrow morning. I'm going to come in here. I'm going to bond with Mo. I forgot about it this morning. Tomorrow I'm going to straighten his ass out. Okay. I got this big black piece here with the police handle on the end. Yeah. I'm going to show him the business end of this baby. 28 past 10 at 5 60 W to Q a m. We all have different lives to Osmo. Therefore, we need different products to make us feel better and be healthier and look younger. Ain't working. All of you made Mediterranean formulas are advanced combinations of pharmaceutical and all of Well, combined with good stuff vitamins, minerals, urbals, other nutrients, scientific design to provide natural nutrition solutions to help support specific health needs. Different parts of your body. Another word. Look for all your men's three great new formulas. They have want to help you sleep. One to help weight management and coq 10. On using the benefits of pharmaceutical grade olive oil, the best of money can buy. Oligomets and outstanding new products is available in public. Equity and wall greens. If you like the more info, call her toll free number and they'll explain it to you. Call 1 866 Oligomet. That's 1 866 6536633. You can also order their products online at their nifty website. Oligometamerican.com. And if you visit their as publics and buy an Oligomet product and Broward in date, you can get you a coupon for a free. Oh, thank the Lord. Larry Cocoa, Bobblehead Doll. Oh, I'll supplies last. And don't forget to visit their sampling. Pavilion at Sports Town every Sunday when the dolphins are playing home games. Pick up free Oligomets, samples and product information. Start feeding on healthy right now by popping some Oligomet in your post. God. That's weak. I did the crazy it's thick. I smooth the oak is to learn to eat farming. And then I hit the streets. To go check out my stuff. And what happens was, why do I run? There was a black guy standing on the corner. I said to him, I was up. And your blood was going down. When you look at me as if I was some kind of brain. And you won't believe what he called me. Checkable. Checkable. How do you like it? Checkable. You don't like it? Checkable. Checkable. That's you. Don't like it. Checkable. The hockey don't like it. Checkable. He's any funic thing for you. And he pulled out his gun. I said he didn't. I'm just learning he funics when I was one. Any name that he said he has less than what I'll do. Come on. Fuck the loop off. Come on. And I lay there. I thought I was dying. Someone called the pharamedics. I dreamt to do. Then another dude said that you pathetic. I can't keep it. Do the violence again. It will be this and you. Checkable. Checkable. Now how do you like it? Checkable. Checkable. You don't like it. Checkable. The hockey don't like it. Checkable. Checkable. Boo. Checkable. Checkable. Now how do you like it? Checkable. Checkable. Then you don't like it. Checkable. The hockey don't like it. Checkable. Checkable. Checkable. That's 33. It's 36. How many of you? Some of you have come to me. It was your just ball. George said you did. George tells him that I didn't want to do the best of CD this year. So it's like the old passion of buck. And then the Nelson O is a 2 light. Yeah it's 2 light. There's what he grabber. He's got a bunch of tickets. Nobody wants. I mean, it's got a bunch of free tickets. This is great on the day that we're giving away. And that we're taking phone calls. We've got to give away. Anybody want to do that? Well, we'll see. We'll see now. What is this November? Two. What day is November? Two Saturday. This Saturday night at the. Where's it? At the American Airlines Arena. Mickey, Harrison's Rippoff Arena. Downtown Miami. Bring your own body guards. And Grieke is going to be their singing. Anybody want those tickets? I warned you on Friday. Call up all those rules yet. Do we have any of them listening? No. Pauline and Rubio is also going to be on the. Great. Excellent. Opening act for. I'm going to be there with this tight white t-shirt. Rubio is belly a lot. He won't be singing too much because it's not in his repertoire. But he'll be there rubbed himself and we'd all lot of us like to get in on that. And anyway, so we'll give some tickets away and see if anybody wants him. Here's a fact speaking of Cubans. It says, I hate to label myself Kubano because I'm sure I don't speak for the whole Cuban community. Well, why not? If Dan La Vastug into what sir, why not you? He says once upon a time I followed every sport in the book, but I kicked a haven't really tune in. Excellent. Last night I watched the game for the first time this season had no favorites given that nobody was telling against Boston. I hate anything associated with their friend John Henry. That soon changed after realizing her nandito was pitching. He represents me as a Cuban like GW represents higher academia. Go angels and they won. Academia. By the way, are the Russians the manufacturers of raid? Oh, score score. That's nasty, huh? Look out. It's a raid score. Literally. heroin and what was the headline I said? Morphine. Morphine. In the gas. The old Kuda's got an excellent facts here, which I wish I could read all the words. I get some, uh, get some handwriting lessons. Old Kuda's never too late. Says Greta had a special. You can bring those in here anytime you want. Because I get real nervous when you're standing around out there acting like you're waiting for food or something. Just compaging in here like old times sake. What you sure are fat. Not as fat. I was just going to say, but not as fat as you used to be. Would you just relax? You do look better. All right. You still got a pretty good pulpit there. Yeah, I haven't lost work. No, me either. At any rate, look at us. In Rikai, Glacius American Airlines are we to run on the tickets. How many we got 10 peer here? 12 peer. Wow. Heavy duty. And of course, we know the audience hates what we give away stuff on the air. But I enjoyed it because I might just pretend to give away not do it after all. That's for this Saturday. Okay, what do you nice seeing it? How can we didn't invite me to aerosmith for that? Can you believe this? My good close personal friend that always wants me to plug every bogus concert that he's involved in. And aerosmith was right up the road here. Not too many days ago. Does he offer? Not that I would have. It was a crawl sky. That place is a crap old man. The bed plate. And not only that. Am I going to go up there to see Jeff Cohen still not of his mind. No. What I can see him like right down the block. It beats a lot. I don't need to do that. Sure. Oh, brother. Thanks, Woody. See you. Bye. Great ahead of special interview last night with Moose and Mrs. Moose. Oh, I wish I had to see that. Wait to hear this. A very large white woman with long blonde hair fat. Not as fat as Woody Graver but fat. It's as resembled Mama Cass and old blonde. Not too squeaky. They were together. They were together. They were on TV. They kept showing that clip last night. He must have said to give her about 18 different times. The moosey man. And don't forget. They only stopped that car that caprice 10 times. 10 times. 7 and 10 Americans favor. Let me get this. Kind of one little bedtime story. Please. Before we get back to your city. Well, maybe not. Look how many calls we got. W to Q a m. A meal. Yes, sir. Just another way that the bush brothers are fleecing America. Especially the state of Florida. Uh, Neil bush the younger brother. Yes, saw that. Yeah. Maybe we can let him run our banks. Well, why would we just give him everything? Okay. Think that's what they want. Okay. Have a great thing. Was that about sex drugs or rock and roll? No. Okay. Sorry, when I went on too long. Here's the fact. This is catch Michael Moore's new film. Boning for Colombo. All weekend long was Michael Moore this and Michael Moore that. All weekend long. He was everywhere talking about big fat guys. It's better than Woody. It says. Boning for Colombo is his best yet. His interview with Charlton has been his riveting. And my favorite part of the film is the animation of the history of the US for showing Near You Check out WWWW.Michael Moore.com. Okay. I can't wait to get a bullet copy of that. Do you son of a bitch? Anyway, getting back to this piece. Seven and ten Americans think people arrested for possession of small amounts of marijuana should have to pay a fine without serving time in jail according to a new time CNN pool. Times covers story this week as America going to pot its unseal today. Looks at how the pro marijuana movement is gained so much ground. They can't be ignored as a fringe element. Times dual-stined reports sounds like more Jew propaganda to me. Americans as it turns out aren't conflicted. They're at a two-third marijuana. They wanted illegal but not really enforced. Only 34% want pot to be totally legalized. The numbers almost doubled from 1986 according to the Times CNN pool. That's because we're asked backward. Up in Canada they're right on the verge of legalizing it. Taxing it. Growing it. And the selling to anybody over the age of 16. That's in Canada. And here we are debating well should we do this while the DEA is out there raiding medical marijuana growing a joints. Oh sorry. And eight and ten eighty percent think it's okay to dispense pot from medical purposes. That seems that seeming paradoxes left a huge opening for pro pop pop people to exploit eight states allow medical marijuana. Elevator reduced the sentences for pot smokers not to almost nothing. Time reports. To many Republicans this looks like bad politics for bush is DEA business. It seems to me about as far from compassionate conservators as you can get. It's just for more Nixon and Reagan aid Lynn Nostigar. There were not a lot of people in their 50s younger who smoked pot when they were younger. And don't look out of this something that destroyed their lives. I think there are a lot more open mindedness toward pot than they used to be. So this repressive fascistic right wing attitude of bush and the goodie two shoes born again Christian crowd. It don't sell to well but don't confuse the public with the facts because they're still heavy in the bush. They like their bush. That's what here we used to say. The fact he like bush is wife. Oggy bush. Twenty to eleven at five sixty. That's bring back carry carry. What do you say for the Marlon's next season? Get an answer dead franchise. Why not? Harry in the crow. Two hundred and five votes on our pool. What's your take on a marijuana laws legalizing tax of 144. 70.2 percent legalize it. Sell it to like little kids. The criminalized in twenty six. Keep the laws the same thirteen. Traffic ticket only for possession eleven and. Only legalized medical marijuana eleven thirteen. Keep the laws the same. That's a pretty unlucky number if you ask me you know what I mean. Yep because we're coming right to your house and we're going to take like you're the The news paper off the bottom of your bird cage and roll up a big fat when they're involved The smoke right in your face. How do you like that? Like on you goodie two shoes. Fully assholes right who probably like a shooting up here when right now while you're listening. Marlon a bad. If I've been able to send to Russia to see what he can arrange a simple orchestra concert over there. Yeah. We'll send him in there for a little. Scorts. There'd be a gas. Nineteen before the maybe Mason Williams can come out with like Russian gas kind of like us. The fog up the class. It's been a long time Mason has ceased to alive. Mason Williams. We don't know. We don't know. That was only a hundred years ago. By the way, what can tell you? If you think about smoking weed back in the 60s, I'd say that right now 60s and 70s. He smoked enough to build a new state is what he just said. Yeah, well, if they if normal gave you a suit to begin. They must have looked and checked you out first. Man, if you're normal and I feel really love it about me. You know, there's never been a better time to buy a new home or refinance or he's assisting home. How about a rate of 3.95% you heard right financial group can offer you an unprecedented 3.95%. By picking up the phone a colleague financial group at 1.809 40 LND. That's 1.89 for 0.53 63. The money going to save is absolutely unbelievable. It is. Think about it. You can get yourself a hundred thousand dollar loan for only 450 bucks a month. Or a 200 thousand dollar loan for only 950 bucks a month. The process is simple and you'll save yourself thousands and thousands of dollars each year. Just pick up the phone a color good piezons at financial group 1.89 for a land. There's never been a better time to obtain a low interest rate. Call financial group and you'll be on your way to big savings. Financial group is an equal housing lender. Credit restrictions do apply and rates of subdued to change. So, column right now, toll free 1.89 40 LND. You're just for 20.56. You weigh in. You're the CEO. You're the CEO. You're the CEO. You're the CEO. You're the CEO. You're the CEO. You're the CEO. You're the CEO. You're the CEO. You're the CEO. You're the CEO. You're the CEO. You're the CEO. You're the CEO. You're the CEO. You're the CEO. You're the CEO. You're the CEO. You're the CEO. You're the CEO. You're the CEO. You're the CEO. You're the CEO. You're the CEO. You're the CEO. Yeah he's out of the way around Show up no надо And out sometimes Thisрать Collect our own Ali baby eben it's i money Okay if it You gotta worry about in Rikate tickets speaking of a music which has got nothing to do with in Rikate But speaking of music I have never seen such a bunch of cry baby panty waste is you asshole Classical music people out there there was a thing yesterday and they were one of the papers. I guess they're all letters to the editor Not on the regular letters page, but they had a separate page for 8 Zillion letters all bitching about the KAT because there was that column last week that I mentioned I was a son sent because they got a son sent and wrote it and I mentioned that little time And jick it and write it even though it was about radio and well They don't play the right music in the spits that's on her. She's got the wrong attitude and they 8,000 letters on there bitching about KAT. They finally got their classical music back Such as it is, but it isn't just the way they wanted and they don't like the way to broaden delivers it and they don't like it Like I said go out and buy a goddamn CD play, okay? And they had these amazing things which I got one called CD burners So if you want your Beethoven and Bach and Brahms and whatever hell of this and just the right order burn your own God Damn CDs just like we're doing on this pop poll today burn your own damn straight God damn it But you're crying it. Wait Who the hell are you people kid in any way and you're supposed to be so much more intellectual in the rest of us who like crap music You know they're all so much better in the rest of us, but boy when they can't get their way God I should have cut the thing out it was a whole page I would say there was like conservative least making 42 million letters on that page easy Preservatively yeah, they only wish they had 42 people listening to KAT which they don't because nobody can hear the goddamn thing Man, who the hell are you kidding Andy Cords? You only fifth you know Is that what you know nothing about Beethoven's fifth you silly goose? Here's an excellent fast from George It says now that we know the Ruskis use poison gas in their own citizens Let me know when we're evading Moscow They do have a rich supply of vodka after all and oil to by the way. There you go good point excellent point Don't be telling George W about that will be nukin in my midnight They're the evil doers He's probably druck a bit of that himself Here's a facts from Archie. Why are you talking to the facts? Is our poor in in? We got these damn tickets to give away for in Greek A on we love you on Greek A okay You're lovely you can't sing for crap, but you're beautiful That's a damn good thing he cut onto that and just started rubbing his belly and we're in them tight t-shirts and have it him hot broads on there Which he ain't interested in but nevertheless Archie writes high Neil regarding Friday's show about your poor ratings where the people had measured these ratings anyway Did I say we had poor ratings? No, I said we got bored. You didn't September which we did you know that song's see you in September while they didn't Arbitron didn't see our audience in September they couldn't find any white non redneck people see that's the thing the only white people They found were rednecks and pickup trucks with dobermans and Shuck guns So be nice to them But that's the only people they found all the lardas crowd. Larda has had this big especially like one to three yet at eight to From one to three p.m. 25 to 54 men So that's all they found is right wingers, which of course is a spixand rednecks So as much as the hate each other, which George and I was talking about politically They're right and bed together. They're in the bed of the pickup truck together and you ought to see what they're doing in there Anyway Archie says have it less than the use since K18A's here. My way I can take you know what is ever pulled me well, that's good Archie Who I listened to so there were huge silent majority anyway the reason for this fax is I want to know why is it that most hurricanes fans? At least the ones I run it who have never been to college because there is no college there. There's no dorms There's no colleges as the football team He says in is it me or does the Wem coach cook or if I'm no Spheratu news at 11 Yeah, it's got a point. He's got some biting comments. I'll tell you that one last thing The other day you took a poll about TV personalities that are absolutely worst I was surprised to see that Rick drunk Sanchez with nonetheless Your ultimate wisdom and comment to be appreciated. Don't be picking on my good close personal friend. Ricky Tiki snatches, okay? Who makes us all want a gag? I Tell you one thing as much as I get six in him on here this jury knockman guy that they put on MSNBC. Have you ever seen him? Yeah, I bet you not just fat. This man is just he's like if you took fat rich Fat boy a Josh Friedman and what he graced our world into one and then you're starting to get close. He's like the blob Oh here here we go again with a jury. What is a crap? Okay, don't waste your time on his faxes. Okay. You try to change your head writing. So almost read one sentence Don't waste your time Here's another fax boy. Like I said they're pouring in and it calls we're pouring in until we said something about free tickets Well, let's see if anybody wants them. WQAM Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay. I I'm honestly all I'm calling for this yard given way free tickets my girlfriend would love to go see him no problem Why do you sound so embarrassed? Well, I have Understand you don't like it, but you're girlfriend likes him, right? That's true. I mean I have otherwise nothing else to say That's usually why don't call I spare you Yeah, I love listening to the show though And I was very happy to hear you back on after your trips around the world right now Now let me ask you this. What do you think of the show today as opposed to reading all that boring crap? Well, I'll be sure give me be sure give me the right answer though because otherwise you might not get these tickets I I honestly liked a lot of the bedtime story. Yeah, I don't get a chance to watch the news at night So I hear a lot of the stuff in the morning at work. Yeah, I sure want these tickets I'm yes, I would love to take okay hang on. I hope you enjoyed. Thank you. Okay. See now. He was okay now you take in the names on this did what he straight out on that Can you handle it? Think so Carlos is gonna take the names. Okay, and we'll get to these tickets now. They're gonna have to pick these up is that right? We'll put them out from with the freaky and don't confuse freaky Carlos if you come here to pick up your tickets with our Carlos In fact, you won't can if you was freaky Carlos with anything human because it's not Yeah, please please please don't are you taking care of the scar and not don't don't be doing the beast now You see what happened with the beast he's there like overdoing it on the air right away They blew his ass out of there The beast wants to dominate. He wants to be the star. He wants to be the center of attraction He wants to spotlight on his bald little head. He wants you know, that's what happened to your beast It was very unprofessional if he asked me but we know how to look right because I'm sure we just got about it. Yeah, we know how to look right Here's the fact that says Neil what did that new book about Joan Crawford? I brought back memories of when I worked as an Organist at the cat He played the organ at a Catholic church in Jersey one of the priests there did a great Joan Crawford impression in fact He thought that he was Joan with a shaped eyebrows and mass scarra needless to say I'm not involved with the Catholics anymore You're sure was a lot more entertaining than anything else on a year Thank you so much here. What's your name is black off on a bottle here Jimmy? Thank you Jimmy So there we got one pair. We got how many more at 12 we got 11 pair tickets for Engricate the American Airlines We were because we're in a good mood today. I have no idea why because I finally came back to my senses Oh, no Neil the other stuff is so important right It's a goddamn talk show. It's entertainment. It's a radio show I've been deluding myself all these months and you know something Tom Jekka you had a point But you see only a part of a point only a little part of a point and I'll say again If I had a syndicated show and I was doing exactly the same show. I've been doing a much like in a hundred markets 50 markets around a country I could have made an impact. I could have been a contender, but no I got normal Kent Who can't get anything done But I mean, but I'm about he can't even get goddamn George's contracts on an outrageous on vacation other way so they got another week to dittle around and stall put the old Gregory's stall routine on there. You know Poor little George another train monkey. Yeah So we gave one per night. Let's keep track okay. I'll mark down how many we gave waiters one and that killed about three or four good minutes 567. Oh 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon and you realize this gives me back my life Instead of being a slave. Oh seriously Instead of being a slave to the goddamn computer and I'm checking this website and that website and this newspaper nobody reads a guy Then those people because nobody cares. I mean a sniper. They cared about the sniper Because the media had like all sniper all day for days on end But thanks to the moose man. Thanks. We got him We got him and his a stepson which he and his stepsson by the way He's a scumbag and the kids nicknamed him into coma when we're staying at the homeless shelter up there his nickname was sniper I just mentioned that in passing and I heard somebody say oh, yeah, but he's really a very cute little kid Well, that's great. He's real cute. Pat him on head. Say boy you're cute and then fries ass He's cute They had the holes drilled in the back of the Chevy Caprice in the trunk and they were driving around and we're not really sure which one was doing the shooting to be honest with you Hey, and then they also found by the way not just in Montgomery County, Alabama In Tacoma, do you see that story that they found a couple of people who got shot not that long going there started checking to that too? I heard something about about some other murders and other shootings that that were unsolved and you know tying them all Yeah, other times he's back to it's all together. I say time up and put them in the goddamn Hudson River right alongside that highway that I can't hear the name Man, just no sympathy here. No bleeding hearts none of this crap. Well, he was under the control of the old up good. Fry him anyway He was out of the control as if anybody doesn't know the difference between right and wrong between white and long Got holes drilled in the back of the goddamn Caprice and they're driving around and the meantime they're looking for a white van and a white box truck Close Pretty close 90 shivaker priest to me every time I see one on a highway beat up old Caprice looks just like a white van to me The moosey man But him to gather with all the other agencies they did a masterful job together And I could watch that sniper stuff for other how do you be saying that? W to Q I am yes, sir. I want to go for those things How about your friend? Boy, you have to be a little bit more you know a little more have a little more a little more tacked in that That was that was good. That was pretty good. All right now who are these four you went who else? You and your girl. Yes, sir. Okay, you're your girlfriend She's got a thing on and we K of course. Why do you don't have to worry about him? You're safe Okay, hang on amigo Okay, see we got the spix-con and let's hear it now my day is made see When you stick it off them bedtime stories and you stop bashing bush you get the spix-pack They don't want that bush bashing on a radio they like their bush Take care in fact the spitoom and Spanish. I'll be cute Yeah, we got Carlos and they're another spix and I learned my lesson man I come home from Toronto and I find out that all of the plantation all of the acres no spiketing lays no more Haha, oh I feel like that segment they had on 60 minutes last night with those farts is in Atlanta In the black neighborhoods that bought the very expensive in Atlanta And they're saying oh we wouldn't mind if we had a white people people's move in now see they were my kind of dark people They were first of all not that dark That's number one see the darker you get the more dangerous the more dangerous we perceive you to be that's very bad And we apologize for that all of us don't we don't we apologize No, but it's just the way it is and these were very affluent very nice dark folks. So we got the car wash guys who come here every Friday Who else we got the Troy Stratford is an ice the dark and plugged in guy Not too dark just dark enough and that's about it, but that's a good start. I would say There's Miguel whose lazy is hell 10 57 at five 60 W to Q and well he's getting emotional now. Do you see then he just whipped the right up not much Hey Tom Layman and the people in Halibut Pontiac GMC that is C say say see This Halloween no tricks just treats and I'm seeing the great zero percent Halloween event going on right now And Halibut Pontiac that is correct Follow the bouncing balls, okay with the proof credit from GMA see you can get zero percent financing up to 60 months on all 2000 in two Pontiac and GMC models and select 2003s two or take you up to a $4,000 rebate here's even more good news No payments for 90 days and while you're at Halibut browsing around be sure and take a peek at the complete line of GMC SUVs Including that snappy envoy voted by motor trend as SUV in the year and the old new Pontiac vibe SUV that's got the power of a big gas-guess-gustling sports car And as always, Halibut's got a dependable selection of great use car trucks next to you, V's and like I always tell you every time we do their spot It's it's credit to problem for you. Is it like a for a lot of people after they get turned down at one car dealer The other carlison he said he couldn't even steal one because he couldn't afford to gas But credit is no problem at Halibut because even if you're a deadbeat even if you want to new mole They'll still cut you deal. It's the great zero percent all old town linemen says if you new mo does don't mention it It's great zero percent Halloween event going on right now in Halibut Pontiac 134 one-saftyxie highway on US want across from the falls. They're same great location They've been doing it right for over 35 years open every day seven days a week. Halibut Pontiac GMC you heard it right who be professional gray Welcome back to the glittering pageantry of the Moja today with a show we have a full duck at today Include the government cable cane of articulate at the lead of yours You know that tight smoke is still at it. What what singing those songs making fun of me? They make fun of me all the time I don't know why they don't adore me. Yeah, everything will be all right, man It's a hint of me a fairy you queer yet to jump up real man don't touch only during the game Yes, Mr. Day once again. I'll give them singing get on a piano Ok, mow now pickle That good my day men was strayed I can't tolerate Ok. Oh, where is he? Where did he stop it, everyone? What's the matter, Moah? Where were we? Spawn holes were in danger. We're all taken from here. The guys that like the worship men. Click thing we won't see. Holy no way living that of my gang. Didn't need to sooth brush-taved. It's... Or to tickle hairy taint. Jesus Christ, I really hate. Jesus Christ, win, die. 5. 6. The next month he'll vote to legalize personal possession of the drug for adults. I'd just don't like to see people put in jail for a couple of ounces of marijuana in their possession of the world. I know exactly where that is. You ever seen that? No. Never been to Vegas? No. Well why not? Because I'm broke. Jesus. He says, I say, let the cops use those man hours finding some crooks. And sure you are. That's so ridiculous. Yeah. But his wife sees it differently that bitch. A driver high on dope fell asleep in the wilderness. Someone slammed his vehicle into a car downtown stop by killing a woman motorist. That pushed her to the other side. He said, in nutshell, this is what divides Nevada and in November 5 election. We got a jam over here. Oh no. Okay. In a nutshell, let's see. Whether to do criminalize the personal use of marijuana, the most sweeping statewide measure after a series of Western states have bucked the federal government and legalize medical uses of marijuana. That's basically what they're saying that those Western states buck the federal government. Okay. And you can put whatever letter at the beginning of that word you want. That's a terrible government. Right. And the DEA. But you're hypocritical. How come this thing at work now? Prater, check the thing or it says. One moment please. There we go. Well, we can't afford to have our fast machine all jammed up. And there we get some heavy duty fances. Don't want you to have some day any important stuff. 5, 6, 7. We're taking calls again today. We're not going to save the world on a radio show. Although I will say this has been pretty amazing how we just keep, you know. Keep the momentum going. Keep the old mow going. And this thing's still ain't working. God damn it. Right. Maybe I had too much paper in there. Let's see if this next fast press goes. I got news for the fast machine takes president's over this radio show. Any day the week. There you go. It's working. Let's air it. That's the next machine that I bought with my own God air harder and money. Our laser jet printer. Just like everything else in the studio that we had either have donated or I had a buy because it's the freaking beast. It's a bunch of cheap ass rednecks from the hills. That's what the Bob removed said. Let's see. Why should a white van can presupprise you Andrew can add Andrew can add and I like to spelling there. That's interesting. Andrew can add was the murder. So supposed to be driving a 450 when actually was driving a 4-range. Maybe it was looking for a ward one or a 4-1-50. What's wrong with this 7-country? Not only to mention that he goes out of the pawn shop there on South Beach. He uses his passport. It's real passport but it's real name. And then they take the slip from the thing and they put it in a goddamn beach in the, and one of those little things. That's just going to task it. Stick in your basket and set there for a few days. And here the son of a bitch is sitting right down and we're in a goddamn motel on the beach. Nobody cared about that though because all he did was kill some people. Yeah. 262 votes on our poll today. They care about this. They want the wacky weed now. They want Steve M's home number. They want the address. They don't want the government to let him alone already for Christ 6. This goddamn fascist government. Thank God we got some of you people out there got enough brains to realize that you got a bunch of goose stepping bootstop and fascist running this country in this state. This asshole that you're going to put in there again. And it's just incomprehensible to me. And we're from tomorrow. Gonna destroy my birthday to remember five. My luck. I had to be born on the fifth and over. Wow. You're going to get a present. Which is the always right around lunch. Oh really not from you. I hope. No. 168 votes. What's your take on a mirror? What was that one Miguel said? Forget about him. He's getting hairy now. Legalize it in tax it. 190 say that. 71% legalize the damn stuff and tax it. And then that's another thing. They don't have to worry about what you're getting in it. You have to worry about buying it on a street and got one. It was what kind of crap is in there. The criminalize it. 36. Keep the laws the same. 16 people say that. And I'd like to line up right against the guy. They will pick on my guy named nightstick and whip them in a shape. I wish we had TV for like 10 seconds. And you can see this big black this big black beauty. Traffic. Tick it only for possession 13 legalize them. Or want only a medicinal medical marijuana 13. So let's see. We got 84.2% say either decriminalize it or legalize it in tax it. 84% can come to their senses. This is this is what I don't understand. I don't get it. We love the president. We don't like all these fascist positions of us. They can't they can't they they can't put them together. They don't understand. You can't separate the two okay Virginia. You can't separate the two. That's what he's all about. That's what the people behind him are all about. All these Israel ovens you love and. Uh, born again Christian. Armageddon Huggin. Maniacs who want to lead you down the road to the to hell. Nobody Q.A.M. Any. Okay. Good. Good question for you. I ordered the rest of the two should see the off the internet like the second day. It was up. Yeah. How long does it take to get I haven't got me. You're two. Okay. Now you're get it. Okay. I'm just kidding. See the reason the reason it takes a little extra is because Eric is in charge of this up in Orlando handles our website. And Eric is busy. This is October's almost over. So once we get to November here we are October's been stirring up for the fall month like a scored you know. Right. So he's got to get expanded. Hey, that's what he's working on. He's been having extra feedings which keeps them occupied. Once we get to November one you'll have it no time. You've got to make room for the holiday. Exactly. Thank a lot. Okay. Good luck. Thank you. Here's a got to block the kiss a Schwarzscher. Good morning. What we call it restitution. We're going to be a little bit more careful. We're going to be a little bit more careful. We're going to be a little bit more careful. We're going to be a little bit more careful. We're going to be a little bit more careful. We're going to be a little bit more careful. We're going to be a little bit more careful. We're going to be a little bit more careful. We're going to be a little bit more careful. We're going to be a little bit more careful. We're going to be a little bit more careful. We're going to be a little bit more careful. We're going to be a little bit more careful. We're going to be a little bit more careful. We're going to be a little bit more careful. We're going to be a little bit more careful. We're going to be a little bit more careful. We're going to be a little bit more careful. We're going to be a little bit more careful. We're going to be a little bit more careful. We're going to be a little bit more careful. We're going to be a little bit more careful. We're going to be a little bit more careful. We're going to be a little bit more careful. We're going to be a little bit more careful. We're going to be a little bit more careful. We're going to be a little bit more careful. We're going to be a little bit more careful. We're going to be a little bit more careful. We're going to be a little bit more careful. We're going to be a little bit more careful. We're going to be a little bit more careful. We're going to be a little bit more careful. We're going to be a little bit more careful. Look at this 84.5% the numbers going up on there. We're going to have a big pot party here right in the goddamn studio by the end of this week. And then we'll challenge the DEA to come in and bus Carlos. Tell me what to say. I don't smoke it. 10 after 11 at 5. 60 WQM. Do you like to watch? Focus. They're smoking over there, baby. Your low carb sugar free acens. Super stores got a stupid selection of new low carb cookies. Not just one flavor, but 14 different cookies from three different bakeries. They're all great. Peanut butter. Chocolate chocolate chip. I wonder if you can have like cookies in honey. I mean your cracker's honey. Lemon, coconut, all sugar free or low carb. You can stop by the lights and sample any of their products before you buy. I'm including these great new cookies. The lights give us a low for their new low carb bread called. Sinflay low carb bread just spread some of the new. La Nuba jam on it. You got a great low carb breakfast. And don't forget your official Latkins. Retail Center. The lights of West Boca sells every act in brand product 25% off. Every day today next sockets a week from a Hanukkah every day. You've heard even on a Goyshaw Hollis too. You've heard the reports on NBCC and NWTVJ. They all still say that Atkins is a great way for a lot of folks to shed fat. And he likes the West Boca's got a friendly knowledgeable staff. He lead you down the garden path to health. They're open 10 till 10 every day right there in the corner of Glades and 441 in Boca. Call him at 1-877 low carb or check him out on the web at lowcarb.com. My life and low call. This is sports real high city. Way away. Bad date of quits nothing glued. Okay. Would you invite my home tonight? Here. Would you tremble? If I touch your lips? Yay. Would you love? If I harm your hands? You're gay? No, I'm just dying. Have you been to the fight I love? Fine. Invading my home. Back home. Tonight. If I touch your sight and see your home baby. Oh. I know I'm a little special thing. Huh? If I'm be easy run, baby. If you could find the K&Y. Sports court. If we dance, would you unlock all my thoughts? Would you cry? If I ever let by I. All right. Hold on. Please. Make me feel fine. You're gay. I'm just a bad lie. All right. Tonight. Oh, please. I'm being my home. Okay. So, eh, that library says, uh, you're gay? Oh, right. A bit where I dropped it in Carlos Inter's shaking. I said, uh, see, how do you know that? How do you know that he's, uh, some kind of a, I know I would agree of course. But what about the feeling? You have a feeling? Yeah, but he's got a feeling too, okay? I have a feeling. He does everybody just like all your other who we are. Okay. Anything that moves, he'll hop on it in it around it. Neer it. Here's a fact that says, Volca Brown. I'd love a bit. Get the honey, Ross demand. That's got a cute. Crackers and honey. Honey and crackers. Chris and around. Where you know how fast I got him off of that crap. See, they'll never give me credit for it. But boy, I shine the spotlight on that crap, man. Cause we already been through the Jimmy and Danny crap for days and days. And then I even got credit from a huffer for that. For you have it. And bear with them to get off that one of the mentioned Jimmy and Danny crap. And I'll Chris and around day around day Chris. And then there's a big thing this morning. I think it's great co-tection to heroine this board section about, uh, Oh, what an ageless wonder. He hasn't played one game yet, Chris Carter. Does he got a pass yet? No. Has he put on a jackstrap yet? No. But he's an ageless wonder. Let's wait and see, okay. When they get pummeled next Monday night and green Bay, then we'll see what you're writing today after that. Missed co-tex. Miss expert. Uh-oh. Crime rose again in 2001. And quit sending me all these bedtime stories. Will you please? I appreciate that Gorbid Al thing, but I already read a yesterday on the, on what's your name on a Lynn Samuels website, which is where you got it. Yeah, the facts me stuff that I already read. I'm saying I'm not doing any bedtime stories today. I'll let you know what year I go back to doing that, okay? I'll let you know. Or maybe just for my own personal interest. The aroma. I want to shut those people off completely because of this bombs. What do you stupid phone calls? I may have to go back to doing that. Especially an Amsterdam this summer. Because if I have to count on this bogus horseball engineering department getting the phones working over there and Amsterdam, I don't think so. The engineer over there was making guttable sounds, which of course is most of what Dutch is. And I'm sure it wasn't good, whatever he was saying. When he got that facts from George Corso, I think he said something like, he's an asshole. Yeah, in Dutch. And he was right about that. George Corso, it would only be in well-come-up by the way, late at night because they audio vault the word pork Carlos had to run in on the full with George Corso. Yeah, you better get on the right side of him or he'll report you to Mr. Vermouth, okay? And you'll be a real big crap. And then Bob Vermouth will come in here, and he'll start giving you stories about screw in and screw in and screw in and it's big black penis stuff like that. Crime Rose again in 2001, the FBI says murder rapid every other violent criminal act except aggravated assault rose last year. The FBI said today, we've reported the first year to your increase in overall crime in a decade. How do you like that? Crime is going up. We want to go to war with everybody on the face of the globe. Osama still running around on the loose. The DEA is still busting people growing medical marijuana legally. The economy is in the smitter on a plummet is rampant. The guy damn down in the NASDAQ are both on a way down again today. But we love boots. We love boots, but see either I go again. I can't stop. I just can't stop doing that. Stop knocking a bush mice to Wittia. Wasn't that the kind of rifle to use the bush mice there? Yeah. Join the overnight guys. Join Mark tonight. Sit down and talk with them about world affairs, okay? That's what their show's all about affairs. Join Jill and Mark tonight. We love it against these in Kiddlestap. And they'll draw some pictures of big asses and small asses, little asses. Harry asses? That's their specially ass. We have the overnight ash oil on his station. Stop by at gas fees to win prizes and your specials in Crown Royal. It's money that football the giants and the Eagles find gas fees in Kiddlestap. And stop by and say hi to the guy. Say where do ones it listen? And they'll say, I like Lee story. WDQ I am. Leo. Yes sir. How you doing today? Great. Never been better sir. I heard earlier. I'm taking an emotional animal. Yeah. From this town. Yeah. Here we actually. I'm Cuban my dad said, I get them getting the hell out of here with all least you've been some of them in the West Palm Beach. Good for you. Well, I mean, I'm here. You don't try to cross that bridge into Palm Beach man. They'll never let you rest over there. I know and it's always broken too. Yeah. But I'll talk about the inter-economic. You got to maybe now who you take it at this your boy? I mean your girlfriend. I said yeah, my girlfriend. Which is actually from Toronto. I told you that you're up there all the time. Oh, right. Excellent. And I asked you what M you were on and I said, hey. Tell her have a great day. Well, let me give you a quick one real quick. Okay. All right. I was watching that the Dolphins game against the Patriots. I'm sorry. 60 year old Cuban man still macho. Chill. They showed Tommy Brady on the sideline. Take the comment off. And he starts smiling. My dad gets damn. That guy has got some beautiful feelings. I said, uh, it was all he's ready to get another one. Here you go. Hang on, pal. All right. Okay. There you go. Tom Brady. I tell you if he like I said, if he could play as good as he looks. And it wasn't his fault they got the rest kicked by Denver. Yes, but he did his damn best. The rest of that team, they're offensive line as if offensive. They got no running game. They got their defensive. I mean, it's sad. It's really sad. I think that the grease the grease ball, the grease monster. There was just time with him at times. They just go up and down the field against him. Like they're not even out there that defense. Here's Miguel with more another crappy promo. What is it? Oh, crappy fact. Oh, it's a chronic again. Don't waste the time effected. Trace these. Trace these. This is from that little putts again. This is Jerry Z. Jimmy, whatever his name is. With a little squiggly writing usually he's using the different writing to the. Very close. We can see certain letters. We're going to get the moose man to check out this handwriting. Okay. And trace it right out of your house. Jerry Z or whatever it had you are. So that's three peretic is we gave way to see and reak and concert this Saturday at the American Arena. The Mickey Harrison rip off arena at the mayor. Pinga, Picania corruption arena because that's how that whole deal went down. How soon everybody forgets in this town. How it goes down. You don't understand? Oh, yeah. I'm going to get elected because I'm not going to let any of these sports mice do take any public money. And the first thing he does is he has a back door meeting and I do mean back door. Back door. Back door. And that bastard billionaire Mickey Harrison and agrees to that. Why the elephant they got down there? Which everybody tells me is the worst piece of crap they ever seen in their life. So crime is going up things around our eyes and we don't care. We're smoking a big fat one and we don't give a crap. Just leave us alone. I think just like Howard Dealson, that's what people want. They want to be left to hold alone. Look at that. 303 votes. We got 84. That's right. 84.8% say legalize and tax marijuana or decryminalyze. We got only 18 assholes out there and say, oh, keep the loads the same. It's a gateway drug. It's very right. Man. Yeah, seriously, take a look at the map. You know what I'm going to do? Cause I get whipped up about this. I get so frantic about what a redneck country this is. Where are the progressive people in this country, California, New York, New England, Michigan, a few of them. That's it. That's it. What's the rest of the country? Louisiana. Louisiana. Like that. Mississippi, Oklahoma, Texas. The Alcombeck. Now we'll fry some more folks for you. We're our Arkansas. Where Bubba was a bang on everybody in sight. The Carolina is the decoders. Take a look at this country and it's not a pretty sight boys and girls. It's redneck heaven. It's those of us with an IQ larger than our goddamn thumbnail against a bunch of mugwamps. The product of centuries of inbreeding. Like in Tennessee, there's another going for you. Oh, you just got a lot of Nashville. Yeah. Y'all come back. Not that I have anything against the deep South. Okay. Don't get me started on the deep South. There's something really, really retarded about southerners in this country. Okay. Not all of them. Just most of them. The South. That's SOUFH. Can we just get together? That will run in Kingston. Can we all get along together? The mousy man. Another make it. There'll be a big story about him. There'll be a movie. He'll be a millionaire in no time at all. The mousy man. He always points on a Richter scale. WQAM. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Great. To the people magazine this week, unfortunately. But either way, when I was... I didn't hear the first part of that. What was in the people magazine? Yeah, he made it to the mousy man. Oh my god. He's on the cover. I'll be there. Well, what I want to find out was I'm fat. So I want to find out a little bit about bounce for life. You said that the beast has lost a lot of weight on it. I know. Five pounds. Can I get the number? Sure. One moment please. He lost 58 pounds, by the way. Just said that while I'm busy looking for number. It's a 9.54. Uh-huh. 5.68. 5.68. 5.68. 32.29. 32.29. Yeah. You have any more of those, uh, Rikai Grouches? Yeah. Ha ha ha ha. Oh, what a ask? What? Or someone to ask? Well, they don't let any fat people in there. Oh, that's true. No, you why? Who are you going to take? I'm going to take my fiance. You're fiance. Now, she fat? Yes. Well, that's good. Birds of feather. Birds of feather. Pick out together. Hang on pal. And lose some weight. Yep. Ha ha ha ha. Okay, there's four pair we gave away. I can't believe it. Well, usually on this show, I mentioned in Rikai, they'll run like hell. Don't take it personal in Rikai. That's what the show loves me. All the way. I know to see if it's sending me any new autograph copies of his CDs. I'm a little bit put out on that N Rikai. But I've been to busy making money all. I'm telling you, he has so big in your portrayed. It's really scary. But they like flesh in there. They don't really care about talent all that much over there. They like flesh. Flesh. They like hot naked people. Jurch and I, it's still thing. We're going to start our own goddamn cable channel on digital care. Naked young hot people. That's all not doing anything, especially. Not like porn or graph. They're just hanging out. So to speak, you know, just hanging around, having a good time. Playin' a little tennis, swinging at the breeze, whatever they're doing. That's what the public wants to see. to see and this government all they know is repressed repressed. It's so dirty. It's so dirty. All of a other crap, you know. Yeah, this is our message to the federal government, okay? My feelings. Right, stick it. 317 votes on a pool and overwhelmingly these people want to let up a big fat one before noon. So get this Steve M's phone. I'm already Carlos. Get that number ready. We're gonna be he's gonna be gonna have a big run this week or else you can just go over and see Jeff Cohen at the pizza lock. Who's there in the right direction guaranteed? When you think, if anybody knows where to find the good stuff, in fact if the Russians would have called up Jeff Cohen a lot of those people might still be alive today. Stupid ass Russians. 26 after 11 at 560 WKOM let's face it even here to about fast train especially on this show for a very long time now and wanted to make sense for you Carlos because I understand you actually get paid when you go over there. Get that kind of a job. If you have the dedication fast train will provide you with the necessary training to become a certified computer professional. According to time magazine that a man for computer professionals will continue to explode to get bigger and gigantic. Their average student completes the training in just four short months attending school three nights a week. Once you've completed your certification fast train will assist you in obtaining a brand new money making computer job. Faster and advice you to come and visit their train career counselor and determine which track is ideal for you like maybe Hazel Park, Northfield Downs, Bell Moral, Maywood, Call Fast Train 866 fast train to setup an appointment with work about the Los Salamitos with four convenient locations Kindle, Pembroke, Pines for Lauderdale and Miami. So there's boundary one nearby you. Don't forget to ask the queer counselor for us as students just like yourself that are currently in their dream jobs as opposed to their nightmare job which many of you might be now like Carlos is thinking. Call Fast Train 1 866 fast train that's one 866 fast train or check them out on the web if you like at fasttrained.com. He said he felt to do your show but he's afraid to go so he had this new saying. He helps her well and I'm fucked up and right here and nobody wants to instead. Everybody lives in the field of jeopardy his career so this is funny said. Tell me you'll ever be dying to come home up tell me you'll never be happy to show you work work. Work work. Work work. Work work. Work work. Work work. Work work. Work work. Work work. Work work. Work work. Work work. Work work. Work work. Work work. Work work. Work work. Work work. Work work. Work work. Work work. Work work. Work work. Work work. Work work. Work work. Work work. Work work. Work work. Work work. Work work. Work work. Work work. I've got Judy is what the facts make because she can't phone for more than she's desperate for a week. Hey, what are you laughing about? Oh, that's it. Hey, and by the way, in week eight, it's time to get it off. Yeah. Now, what are you laughing about? You don't want us to give her the tickets. It's strictly in your hands. And the sad part of this is she's got her email address on here, but not a phone number. See, I'm potent for giving her a pair of tickets because she took. Look at that nice facts with a happy face, a smiley face, and a sad face because she can't call for work. She's a big and weak egg. Glacier's fan, even though she knows he's hung up on butterfly. No, I'm not making that up. He has left the word pass. He's got a teeny tiny penis. That's why he and I can relate. In fact, he makes me feel like a real man. But anyway, what do you think? Yes. She's got her email address on her. You can handle that being the computer expert that you are. Oh, I'll take care of it. Yeah, you'll take care. So that's fine. Here we give wayway. It's still got seven more. Some people are muttering back. You like that? Well, I like Judy, okay? I don't know who she is. But I like her already. Instead of these guys calling in, pretending that they want to go for their girlfriends, who the hell do you guys kiddin' huh? That's just like Legiae Cobbany, exes. Oh, I lied. It was really for me. Yeah, it gets you autograph from what's your name? For Linda Blair's Ma. You see the exesist? Yeah, well, thank God for that. That was that I love Legiae Cobb was so great. And in that movie, he was especially great. Answer the question, Father, paranoia. And he's still dead, by the way. What a shame. Can we bring back all the great actors and actresses who died just for like a year and get rid of all these crap of so many crappy ones we got now? We don't have enough good actors to replace all the crap actors. You know what really bothers me is Nicholas Cage. Overrated. I just, he just bugs me. I don't know what there is about him. He just annoys me. Anyway, I just, I don't know what that's all about. Here's the fact this is, you know that November 5th is W. And Laura Bush is wedding anniversary. Oh no! It's election day. It's also W. And Laura's wedding anniversary. And I'm cursed. I'm cursed. It says you think the FBI profile is, as accurate about the anthrax killers that was for the snipers could be. In fact, I wouldn't be surprised that the anthrax killer was in a white van. Pulling up all the goddamn mailboxes. Check for the white vans at the mailbox in Jersey. Also, it's funny that the feds in the media jump all over false reports and wacko witnesses like Georgia waitress in the Arab medical students. And at the same time, ignore witnesses to terrorist actions like the flight 587 and TW800 who saw explosions and missiles, many of whom are policemen and firemen. Well, it's not expedient to their cover up. Okay, listen to those people. Control terror by our own governments as this faxer who's pissed off and fired up and good for you. And like I said, sex and drugs. Hey, listen, when you live in this country, you've got to do a lot of drugs, I guess. And have a lot of sex while we still have time. Before Armageddon comes, baby. You better come before Armageddon does. Here's a fact from a described boy. The facts is that they are spectacular. I don't know what this is all about. For me, disgruntled and disgusted listener and liberty city who says, holy Schmidt. Remember the guy I've called last week and asked you when the South Florida connection was going to be made with the snipers? Well, it didn't take long did it. Malvo was caught by I.S. Miami, trying to smuggle himself in the country. And they looked at the Jamaican go. Plus, the fact he went to school for 39 days over in the West Coast in Fort Myers. And here's something else for the audience to ponder. Last week, when being interviewed about just after the snipers were caught, chief of police of Montgomery, Alabama, had no freaking clue that there was a place called Ground Zero in Arizona's jurisdiction. What kind of redneck douchebag police chief has no clue that in his midst is a pseudo terrorist camp where people pay big bucks to train an urban warfare. Volt McBride early in often signed disgusted liberty city. Right on, at last part, volt McBride 20 30 times next Tuesday. I think we got a Chinabens chance. None. None. Very sad. Hair and case you two didn't like case you've been crawling under the bed. I don't blame you. Harold and the son suddenly yesterday, both endorsing Jeb Bush. Remember his wife, Columbus, but at little episode that she had, and then George P. would add spastic of a zone he had in a park a lot of his girlfriends of and then the other son who was bang in his girlfriend and brought daylight at the shopping wall and tell a hassy. And not to mention poor in a well who just got out after 10 days of cool in her heels in there. I don't want to say this family's got a problem. But they do. But of course it's problem like in quotes. They've got a problem in quotes. Here's the fact this is is Jehod Rock, I need to go to the CD's for sale on your website at which one. Well, the answer is no. But I thought we gave out the info on at the, what's the guy's name? I apologize, I'm a close friend. I wish for get his name. Bruce E Rock. In fact, you can go to www.ierock.com. And get all those Jehod Rock and the other great ones of Jehod Johnny. That stuff from Bruce E Rock. Which I think he might have inspired me to play that. Although I'm be honest with you, I don't like the version of it. We got as much as the original one. The Jehod Rock. Which strangely enough seemed to have disappeared. Maybe it's up and Toronto way. I think it's up there. I got some stuff there. Some stuff here. And I'm trying to accumulate a lot more stuff there. Cause I'm not playing on being here anymore than I. You're smiling. I'm not kidding. I'm serious. This is. I believe this is the end of the world here. I'm telling you folks, I feel badly for you. I know a lot of you are trapped here. You can't get out. This is the anus of the universe man. You can smell it. That's not just Goan. That's right. And she's a part of it. But it is just unbearable here. It's astonishing. This place blows. There's no well would say. www.qaim. Good morning, Neil God, how are you? Okay, how you doing, sir? It wasn't the thing you mentioned. The exercise that had hit me. What's that other grade line from the wine? Oh, you got a quarter of photo on my Catholic. Yeah. Uh-huh. You know, it makes perfect sense you were talking about the Russian gas. Wait a minute. The body. You happen all the boy. I'm a Catholic. No. Okay, go ahead. That Russian gas, if you think about it, that's what happened to the South Florida voters in 2000. They were catatonic on the gas and voted for Bushy. Yeah, there was a lot of gas. Oh, I know that. Neil, I'll be catatonic if I have to see Egregia, but it will make my wife go squirt squirt. Well, they're really. Okay, hang on. I'm on one knee. Okay, hang on. He's on one knee. A body is okay. There's six. We're halfway home, baby. Now, wait till you see now that I mentioned that Judy's going to get some tickets. I knew this would happen. We got the, oh, look at this Brooklyn Bishop Thomas V. Daley, formerly a top-ranking official in the Archdiocese of Boston, intervened with Nehann Police in 1977. After two patrolmen spotted a priest of Perlene, engaged in a sex act with a teenage boy in a park car. According to a poll, I'm sorry, a pot-car. According to a published report. Daley assured Nehann's police chief in the two officers that he would deal with the priest of Reverend Edward T. Kelly, the Boston Hill reported citing deposition testimony from a police officer in the civil lawsuit. Daley, who was then the Boston Archdiocese's Vickered General assured police, that Kelly would be formally treated by the Archdiocese, personnel documents released to plan if the attorneys were reviewed by the Boston Hill showed. No indication that the priest was disciplined or said for medical help, of course. Lair, Lair, you're a robes on fire. Okay, father. And guess what, father, we're not giving you no change. Father's busy feeling change. So anyway, we got that one facts, and wait till you hear who this is from, who thinks that he's gonna get tickets, guess what? No chance! None! Not a little bit of a chance! No chance! You asshole! Dear Nehann, my wife loves Enrique, would have been possible to get tickets for a show of thanks. David, PS, my wife is not fat boy. This is fat boy's ex-nabor, that that's all he ever writes about, is fat boy did this, in fat boy did that. The answer is no, David, absolutely, positively. No! No! Don't go away, man, David, just go away. Get lost. You'll hope with fat boy, okay? It's a very least you'll hope with his walker. Man. Or he just you'll hope with the walker. Okay, I think I heard him on with Mauda's morning, the walker. Oh, brother, every old, every crusty old color that every other show in the world is trying to get rid of. They've all gravitated toward Maud. Scared the living crap out of me. All the old drugs kind of like, well, 348 votes on a full, what's your take on a marijuana laws, huh? What's your take since it's the front page and time magazine this week, and all of a sudden they're noticing, hey, America's not so regressive on us anymore, and Americans actually even would like to have sex once you're two if it's okay. Legalize it in taxon, 250. The criminalized it, 46, that 85% even Steven 85%, say they're legalized it in taxon, it'd colonize it 85%. Of this God-fearing pot smoking crowd. Keep the laws the same 19. 5.5%. Only legalized medical marriage of we need 17. Traffic dignity for possession 16. Have you think I'm going to do the rights spot now or what? See George, you said, oh, value attention. We don't care about doing the rights spot. We just want their money. Don't you understand? We don't care about these things. Just pretend we did the rights spot. And we don't care about it. See the sign up there. Just give us the F and money. You see it's right over the sales holes there. And that's another reason I'm in touch with you. Good mood today is they're still in Vegas. All the sales department, still in Vegas, I hope they lose their ass. Except for Troy who's a good guy and who else. Adam, because Adam's what he is. And who else? Anybody else? We like it. That sales department? Who? Skippy. I guarantee if anybody ever gets lost on a strip in Vegas, it's Skippy. He's probably standing out there. Look, and even when the compass in a road, if he couldn't find his way back to the hotel. Skippy. Oh, brother. Skippy in Vegas, I can just smell it now. There's never been a better time to purchase a brain of home or refinance you're resisting home. How about this? A rate of 3.95%. That's correct. Financial group can offer you an unprecedented 3.95% by picking up the phone and calling for an answer group. But they're toll free number 180940 LND. That's 1809405363. The money you're going to save is absolutely. Unbelievable. It is. Think about it. You get yourself a $100,000 loan for only $450,000. A $200,000 loan for only $95950,000. The process is simple. You're going to save yourself a crap load of money every year. So pick up the phone and call a good folks at financial group. Tull free 180940 Land. Don't speak of that. I hope Todd Dreck loses his shirt. I hope it comes back naked, but I should call financial group 180940 Land. There's never been a better time to get you a low interest rate. Call them today. You'll be on your way to save in some big cash. Financial group is an equal housing lender. Credit restrictions do apply and rates of some to change. So call them now. Even a call is free. They'll explain it to you. Call 180940 Land. Dilly and D. That's 1809405363. My local V6 is 560. The range is all yours. Oh, my God. QAM. People shot at the University of Arizona College of Nursing. They're looking for the shooter. That's what we need a lot more guns in America, baby. Who people shot and the search goes in the carnage with the sewer of this place. And welcome back to the Howa David Joel. What is that? It's pink Floyd. Let that guy who played the father. What is a stupid? Everybody hates a stupid. Get that off there. Besides, if you were call as but yesterday's meeting, I made my own open. Now play it. Yeah, but you'll obey me. I said play it. No, no, again. From every die. I am the mayor. Of born and dry. And if you fail, is my proud eye. I should see a lay for that good guy. Welcome. I'm 47 at 560. WDQ. I'm another shooting. The University of Arizona Nursing School at least two dead. And the search goes on. I'm not going to get excited about it because this is just the way. This is a country where the public is so brainwashed and like I've told you many times before, they believe that this is the way the real world works. Everybody has guns. Everybody has to worry about getting shot because you've got crazy people running around with guns. The NRA in a bunch of crazy assholes. It goes back to what I was talking about with Redneck's before and deeps the deeps out. This whole Yahoo pickup truck mentality. But nevertheless, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. We gave away six paratickets. Here's one from a Jamaican who says, Jackie says I'm a Jamaican. Listen, you sure we did what Mr. Franting. But I would never call any of my co-worker. I would love to go see Mr. Reglaces. Love you Jackie. She's got a phone number. But Jackie is Jamaican. To understand, this is not a good time Jackie to be identifying yourself as a Jamaican. Executing freebies. So we love you Jackie, but I'm afraid we're going to have to say no. Don't you agree? I don't think we won't. No, feel that. Like I said, I don't feel bad. Listen, don't be a pussy. Okay, don't be an old softly. You've got to assert yourself. All right. Because I want to give Jackie, I'm assuming that's like a female Jackie. I'm positive it is. And those Jamaican women, you know how arrogant and kind of sending they are, talk down their nose to you. Well, in this case, we're going to have to get even with you Jackie. We love you. We think, but don't be talking to us like that, man. Don't be talking. Look at down your nose and talk it was like, well, bunch of dummies. So, come on. Don't be doing that. We get very upset when you do that. And take that male vocate with your back. Did you make a while you read it in a box? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pound, Fala. I tell you, we've turned according to they finally. It marked down October 28, 2002. And little Tom Jickle finally read a comment. He'll say, oh, well, Neil Rogers, listen to my advice. He's done what that periodicals on audio. Yeah, blow it out to your ass Tom, okay? What you know about radio, I could stuff in your God name left earlobe. And wouldn't mind doing it. WQAM. Neil. I did the wrong line. I'm so sorry. Yes, sir. How you doing? OK. I'm good. And I was doing some challenge over last night. I came across the moose man on Greta Van Suster. Oh, oh, what a quenile of that is. Well, I do think I'm selling it. He has a nice, white wife. Yeah, that's what we mentioned before. Big fan of things fat one, yeah. Yeah. I survived the sea that though. Oh. Hey, anyway, I was wondering if I could run for your tickets. Who on my wife? Would your wife wants to go see Enrique? Yes, sir. OK, what do you just hold your nose? OK. OK, hang on. Thank you. There's a guy who wants to go. I can't believe all of the son-of-a-lies Enrique people. Can you believe it? We must still have somebody listening out there. You know what? I think we're going back to the bedtime story. What do you think? No. Just a joke. Let's see. Here's a thing from Bob. If you feel it important to let go some of this issue bedroom story as well, be so bad. But please don't let up on his bush come back. Did I say what was left up on a bush come back? Oh, no. In fact, haven't I been ripping them in as today so far? Yes. With only nine days to go, we need to let those on the fence. So yeah, right. I'm going to have this tremendous impact out there, Bob. I only wish I had the power that you think I got. I don't even have the power to Greg Reed behind me like, like, Moe. We can't, we need to let those on the fence know the truth. I can't believe the son-of-a-living the endorsement to a lying, cheating husband of a wife who feels she's too good to declare a foreign purchases. Bottom line, this election is about education. Each teacher's union is given their endorsement to McBride. Teacher starting pay a 30, 2000 year home depot cashier's make more than that. We lose all, we all lose, we lose all quality teachers graduate to other states. Thanks to Bush. We give money from public schools and voucher from formed to rich people to get tuition break in private schools. F-cat test teach Schmidt, only how to pass a test. And this is the newspaper's choice. The same paper that's slugged them all year with his bonehead decision. DCF, presidential election, caught on tapes saying how to cleverly skew money for education. The son-scently Schmidt says Bob, right? We always knew the Harold Bush Schmidt, but yesterday's endorsement for Bush speaks volumes about the character of the Broward paper. You are- Absolutely correct. Right on. You got your thumb right on above. Just look around, you look where you are, okay? And you wonder why this is a backwater state. While we can't have casinos here, we can't have live, we can't have spring break anymore. We can't have living and breathing people are having a good time. Oh, we have those jobs where we pay the teachers, less than people are sleeping and burgers at God damn Wendy's. That's why Bob, because it's a horse ball state run by a bunch of Yahoo's. By a bunch of the Andorthals and old parts. That's what it's all about. God damn it. The rest of the world is moving. I'm talking about the civilized world. I'm not talking about 10th world countries. Like, say, you know, Mexico. The civilized world is moving in the other direction. Like, Canada and all of Western Europe. And even the Chinks are starting to catch on a little bit. That's right. The Chinks are starting to catch on. And the Rooskees spread to the little squirts. Or gas problem, but other than that. See, as soon as we started exporting the poison, you know, make donals and coke and all of that stuff, you notice the rest of the world. But not all of it, they're like losing it now. That's right. The rest of the world is coming on glue because we're spreading our poison all over the world. Exporting it. Make death. As long as I live, I'll never forget that first trip in the cab into middle of Amsterdam from the airport. Passed by what was the first McDonald's in town in the young people. I guess who lived above this sign is probably been there for like 20 years. Big sign hanging over the window. Make death. Right on top of the McDonald's. Perfect. WQAM. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes. Uh, I was trying to uh, try to get some tickets for the Enrique from my fiancee to birthday on Thursday. Why, it's her birthday on Thursday? Yes. How old is she going to be? She's going to be 27. There you go. You don't want to get the tickets. You get a little bonus there too. Come on. All right. Okay. Hang on. Thank you. You're welcome. See nice people here today, huh? Everybody's in a good friend of that's eight. Am I right? Is that eight? Okay. I got my pair counted right. And then we get to the noon hour. And of course, everybody would be gone. That's all right. I don't know how to drag it out. Just bringing Enrique here. If small as it may be, I'll drag it out. He loves this show. He loves me like, uh, at least he used to. I don't know if he's that crazy about me anymore since I said he can't sing. Well, I don't know. I used to like some of his stuff. But then he just forgot about that part. He said, hey, it's making a lot more money for me. Just being a sex pot that we're in about singing crap. That stuff he didn't attend in spite of George. See, now I can say it that I into some of his earlier stuff was pretty good. Because if I say that when George is dead, yeah, you know, George is such a guy. They have a little hard ass. A little hard ass that frickin' George. That tells Miguel, well, Neil, don't want to do the best of this year anyway. So let's just screw it, you know? Because George is too busy worrying about taking numbers, uh, you know, you know, you know, the kind of stuff he's up to gets a new interns in here. In fact, how the hell you got in here beats a whole lot of me? Yeah, me too for what I hear. Man, that's Shannon Boy. I still can't get over the way he had her crawling around on her hands and knees like for four hours every day. Now, I can't wonder, how come he's there? People give me reports, oh George is here to four or five o'clock. Do what? What do you got to do to produce this show? There's nothing to do. Chase Shannon around on a goddamn floor on all fours. That's it. Then once she got there a lot of here, then he parlayed that whole scam into that treasure island business. He's got going on Wednesdays. Which is that is there one today or is it next week? Um, this there's oh, I noticed it's on Thursday. Yeah, for Halloween. Oh, and I noticed George will be there. See on sick days when he's too sick to come in here is he a treasure island? Urgh, you bet that same night on days when he's on vacation like this week would be a treasure Island throughs in that. Urgh, you bet. Because there's a little bit of cash involved and also maybe a little something else. Because he shouldn't get any at home. I'll guarantee you that. No chance. You know what you're smiling about? It's the truth. In fact, at one time that somebody left their guard down at one time, that was a bad break, you know? In fact, that's the reason he's still here. When they had that unwanted kid if that wouldn't happen, do you think there's any chance I'd have gone about? I mean, after 11 years, you know, maybe out for a whole time sake. I'd have said, ah, and I don't go fire in George, but it was at the sympathy boat. Oh, they just had another kid. You can't afford to be out on the beach. So that kid saved his job. Just like that time, my little dog took a crap at that room and saved his life. You heard that story? Yeah, my little dog. I got to let him outside in a patio and I'm going to go in my front room to computer room to little around the computer. And he, as I passed the down a hall, I see in the middle of my middle of Ben, I see crap on the floor. What about your laugh? And that's not he's only 14 years old. He hasn't learned yet to be housebroken. And I'd go and I get some toilet paper and I go in there all of a sudden I hear, I got the patio door by her splashing in a pool. Well, guess what? Little tiny at falling the goddamn pool and was in a panic. I mean, he could swim, but he was too panicky in the deep end, no less. Oh, so if I wouldn't have spotted either corner my eye that crap on the floor, I'd have been up in the front room on the computer. Is there any chance I would have heard him? Oh, no chance. See you, tiny. My luck. Let's try it again, tiny. See what happens. Four minutes till noon at five, 60, double your QA. Hey, if you got a dog that's crap at all over the floor, maybe some of the people in your house. Just don't have the best etiquette. Dry concepts will come in and do what they always do in my house and I believe me. My carpets have taken up beating. The lesson would you can imagine. That damn dog. I mean, it's, it's beyond description. But dry concepts every and now and then when I haven't come in, like just the back and June, they dry clean your carpets, which sucks out the deep down dirt and they're makes them look and smell just like brand new. They're lemony fresh and you just can't believe how great they look. Even if they're old carpets, even if they're moldy and crappy, they luck I said do this amazing dry cleaning process that nobody else in the world does. And they'll do the job for you. At a guaranteed fixed price too, they give you the guarantee before they start doing the job. You can't beat him with a stick. And they also do his to pennished job, a clean your furniture and your drapery and a poultry. Spot dying, fiber protection, carpet repairs, implant or animal rug service, the best in the world. The authorization and complete water damage restoration if you haven't a flood. If you can check them out on the website, if you like a WWWWW.dryconcept.com. But Betty, I give them a call. Believe you me, you'll never be disappointed when you do business with these folks. Dry concepts to the best in the world. In Broward, Column 9504 370778. 9504 370778. In Data Pompete, it's a tool free call 1-800-2485071. That's 1-800-2485071. Clean today you can entertain tonight with dry concepts. It's the 12th of hour. That's your amount of how it is. Oh yeah, you too, girl. The, uh, have a good day of paradise. So gay. I get lost, you're fucking a part of it. Hey, you are a David. Yeah, that's right. Star-astage green and paradise. See, you look like well, Chamberlain. That's Gozae's will, Chamberlain. Yeah, but you're dead. Sure, you might not get behind the car. Oh, a four. Oh, why? I said, keep it. Oh, what do you want to do? What are you recording? How are you? Hey, keep it. Hey, hey, stop the mic and die. Speak of you, what are you doing? Oh, it's going to be alright. Go and put the smoke is down here in the girl. Okay. What do you require of me? I require you drive your pants. Now, and I'll see here. Right now. I just don't care. Drop off, we out of here. You're like a bell-bendo. Oh, okay. I'm gonna trunk here. That's nice. I said, bring over tomorrow. Yes. Oh, yeah. That's queer like a pink. Queer like a pink. Queer. Good. See, that's kind of nice. Very nice. Yeah. I got a... Hey, where you going? Don't I get a dinner? We'll chaplain. He's right to it. That's the 12.01 at 5.60. Good news for me. I said, well, not good news, but I mean, better than what it could be. Three people shot, but the third one was the shooter. He killed himself after shooting two professors. So it's not good news, but I mean, it's better than like an ongoing one of those things, which we just got over one. And when he was those two Schwarzys, I mean, those two suspects, I love the way that we have some of these answers coming on here. Well, you know, these people haven't even got a trial yet, and they're innocent until presumed guilty. You know what, in this case, we'll make an exception. For John Boy Williams, the Schwartz and my Hamid, Hamiacal, whatever his name is, and Malvo. John, don't call me Johnny, even his real name, you know. Oh, I did it. No. No, well, the other one gave him the name and he gave him the goods. And then, of course, the crackers and the honey. Honey, crackers, crackers and honey. Oh, a lot of infances today. I'm telling you, I think we made it back today, okay? And you went on and know who I want to thank, called it on Friday. Maybe it was a great line, even though at the time it sounded really stupid. We had a call or a real typical New Yorker. And when I was taking calls Friday, he said to me, how come you're so newsy? Well, what do you give me a look like now? And at the time, it seemed like a real stupid comment. You're so newsy. And then I thought to myself, oh, we can't especially about it. I heard the average age of people read newspaper in this country, 64. And I thought to myself, you know something this old in the New York, guys got a point. Nobody wants you about the goddamn news. It's depressing. It's the billetating. I mean, that doesn't mean we can't still sit here and tell the truth about the bushings. And what about your crooks and no goods come back, they are. But the fact of the matter is, as far as all these bedtime stories, forget about it. Nobody wants that. Don't you want to end the course Carlos is going, well, I enjoy it. I mean, you didn't enjoy me just in that to be a suck-up. Don't be a suck-up on this show. It's time to get it on. That's right, what somebody else. So anyway, some of these facts is here. If I could get an audio engineering job at Amsterdam, I would leave in the morning. This country is really going to crap. It's scary. Guns everywhere like the Wild West. The Bush family ripping off and running the country, uneffing believable. Thinking about my kids and my wife having to live in this hell hole every day, terrifies me. But right now we're stuck in this sewer. Keep telling the truth about this country, Neil, because most more Angela forget. Put on the book like that, you're right, they're all for good. Here's one that's in, oh from Jackie. See Jackie, if you'd have been a little bit more creative. She says, is this what I get for being a lawyer? Listen, thanks a lot for nothing. Love you still Jackie. Well, at least she still loves me. But if you'd have said, we're from Makostarika. Or we're from Amsterdam, hey, or we're from Toronto, and we love Enrique. I would have believed it first of all. Especially what was guys. I don't know what you laughing about, man. There's just, there I'm sure there's some straight people in Toronto. I don't see them. Maybe the hockey players, uh, and in fact the way that they're playing lately, I'm not too sure what's going on up there. Hey, Pat. Jesus Christ, I go to the track. I tape the game off the CBCA. I come home and see, I have this, I know it's ridiculous. I rewind the tape all the way to the beginning. And I want to...