Piss off! This is how Florida's only Louis XIV. Y'all need QA. My M.E.F.R.L.R.D.L. I was freezing. W.U.K.OM. QA.M. Got caught. Piss off. Piss off. And to get it on. There, Piss off. I don't think I lack you anymore. You used to watch me shave. How you do stare at the floor. You don't dare penis. I don't lack you anymore. No. You used to be you and me a paper towel in a dirty magazine. That's how we needed to get back. Now it seems things changed. And I think that you're the one who blind their penis. I don't lack you anymore. Piss off. They're running. I don't think I lack you anymore. Because when you get to drinking, you put me places I've never been before. They're running. I don't lack you anymore. Why can't we just get a grip on our mind? And really can't we? Got the turns of truth, how we feel. If we put our heads together, we just stay home forever. They're penis. I don't lack you anymore. When, Robbie, while you're shaving, shave my... What a day! What a great day! Finally! See if you wait long enough sooner. We have a tolerable date on here. Yeah, it was nice this morning. Beautiful. This is heaven. They're going to last? No. They're in hell again this weekend, so just enjoy it while you can. Go out there. Take a deep breath. Take a couple of real deep breaths and then go back inside again. Because all the stuff that's going on these days, you never know about that boobonic plague. So that's right, didn't you? No, I didn't. Does plague? Anyway, I'll save it for a couple of minutes. You know, that damn bitch that Paul is on. She's got a infectious disease. Specialist on this morning on certainly not news network. And he's making it very clear that these, this couple that was in New Mexico near a couple. Okay, now with the bonnet plague. And that's not an epitome. It's not a terrorist thing. It's not the first of all. It's not contagious. Although. But nevertheless, so, and she says she'd misunderstand. And he said she says, Oh, are you saying that this is connected to terrorism? There's nothing like these damn, talking head that were slid reaching the entire world. Six billion people are have the potential to watch in his script. And they got bubble heads like her runner. Are you saying it? No, I did not say that. Oh. Oh. But answer come to find out that these two scumbags, these two alleged scumbags. They were like murdering people all over the place. For like a long time, these two spook, I mean, these two guys. 190 votes. Oh, we have to say that the alleged scumbags. They probably are like basically decent guys underneath. Like I said, 190, 4 votes. What's your take on two days election results? They're all a bunch of cooks 385. I'm ready to leave the country 305. I'm ecstatic. 215. That's 18%. That's pretty consistent. About 18 to 20% of the audience are like right wing, but they love me. They just don't like what I say, but that's okay. Love nice people. The hockey game last night, by the way. And a pretty entertaining game. How about that? Anyway, we'll get to that. Because I'm sure Mom's probably not had time to cover the hockey game. Uh, I'm ecstatic 215. I'm suicidal 148. And I don't give a Schmidt 141 out of almost 1200 votes overnight. Pretty heavy duty, you know. Pretty heavy duty votes. They're out of pole. How is Christian around? They do them, by the way. They okay. Wouldn't it be something if Troy the boy did actually want to come in your training? I think they would be great. Then we quit get all of our good stuff out again. Start playing all those great training bits to welcome them in. That's big great. Speaking of plans stuff, I got some great old QAM stuff out that real radio.com. And I still want to know why Rich Shaw with caught himself Jim London on this station in 1976. Maybe he'll call in. Ricky Tickie. Huh? No, seriously. He's called us. What are you smoking like that for? Yeah, no more. Why not? I don't know. What was that longer going he called the last time? I'll probably that PD over there at Bob Bush, Schmidt head, whatever the guy's name is. I can't ever think of his name. They got to play the crappy music on a magic. What is play list of 15 the crappy old songs. He probably wouldn't cut into it too much. But why would a guy who's, I mean Rich Shaw's been in the market for 40 years, right? Right? While long and I have longer and lower than anybody. So why the hell was he going on the nom de plume? I'm sure it's him. You'll hear it in a minute when I play that thing. Anyway, here's today's poll question. I think it's a pretty good one. Because naturally now that the electioner over, if you're not scared, crapless about the results, we'll give you more to be scared of. Which of these are you the most scared of? Bobonic plague? Probably should have put Troy Akman on her two somewhere, but I didn't. Bobonic plague, smallpox, and throcks. Do we probably can take over? Or, will Howard David's hairpiece? This was off the game last night. Charles, up here, a big panther fan. Said if it didn't go in great, I also said maybe you could help him. Oh, he said, boy, sure can use it. Anyway, so we just got a money. It is for fun just for laughs. Okay, everybody takes all of this. So seriously, a lot of uptight people, you know? Just relax. Like us, just become like us on a show. Don't get all whipped up into a frenzy about a bunch of bullcraft. These are radio shows. This isn't like the future of the human race. Thank God. Thank you. Good. Just radio shows. I hope you'll learn more photos on every for error changes the pool. You're like a nice even 1200 would be nice. That's pretty heavy duty. Of course, everybody should have an opinion, even if they don't give a crap. That's an opinion. Like, you know, if we ask, do you think this is a nice day? And we had in this town there would be a bunch of people say, well, we don't know. But at least that's an opinion. If I don't know, it's a little opinion. Come on, let's do this thing one more time. I want to see that thing change when you don't want to refresh. It, you know, it keeps changing on. You're written a mid-mid stream. And when you want it to like click over. And click my refresh button and see if we got over 1200 on there. Then I'll feel safe to move ahead. You'll be like a sign that the coast is clear. Come on, let's go. Let's go. Jesus, this is 12, 12 or two. We got three, just like just like that. So there's today's pool. Poor banana rider, poor us is what I say. Who they help gives a flying crap about when owner rider. I'd rather hear about Dave rider. Then when owner rider, I'd rather hear about, I'd rather go see easy rider again with Peter Fonda. What was wrong with that? Nothing, Jack Nicholson. Jack Nicholson and Peter Fonda. I was kind of fond of Jack Nicholson. And it's acting anyway. Especially in Cookers Nest. What was that fast? Remember that? What the hell was that one schmuck that kept facts me about? What he called? He didn't have the right name of the movie. Cock-Einest? Something like that. Remember that? Jerry finds with owner rider guilty of vandalism and theft and chocolate in case. How jail, though, not yet. Sensing coming up. Yeah, they made such a big timmace about this on MSNBC and on CNN. And I don't watch the other one. They sheet wearing that work. But boy, yesterday they were foaming at the mouth. A jury yesterday found one owner rider guilty of stealing more than $5500 worth of merchandise during a shoplifting spree at a saxophone last year, but the actress will likely avoid jail. No, what I just said? The prosecutor said she would not try to put the 31 year old two-time Academy Award nominee behind bars. Thanks you with seek probation, community service and restitution. Restitution? Cookers Nest. Oh yeah, that's right. Very good. Cookers Nest. Nothing. Cookers was before it. Not next. Before this show. Anyway, community service and restitution at rider sensing December 6th. Restitution, are you hearing that? That's dirty word. The charges could have carried up to three years in prison. Boy, it smells so bad in here from that cleaning solvent or whatever that was meant. You can't smell it in there at all. No. Right where I'm sitting here. I think Carlis was busted on it. Maybe he mungged on the board or something. He got some of that alcohol and rubbed it all over the place and the alcohol too. Man, it just stinks. Right where I'm sitting here. Wow. God does that stink. You know what I'm talking about? Like if somebody cleans the fort and forward like Mr. Clean. Right. And you come in like right after that. Oh, just about knocking on your ass. The stench. Orp. Either that or it's still the aroma from that dolphin performance. Which I noticed the people on this station continue kind of like, wow, you know, wow, they are a team and I'll say it again. The pants are game last night pretty entertaining. First period was pretty crappy. And I will also end the course there's a lot of empty seats even with Mario and Tom last night. But it's not surprising because you guys over there gonna have to win the people back. You're gonna have to win them back slowly but surely like one at a time. Because the organization has really chased away the base of the pants or fans and we had built up over a period of time. And now even on the head, I'd say there were like 10 or 11,000 really their last night. Which isn't very good for Mario and the Penguins being in town. But not a lot of the same faces. A few. A lot of nice people came by and smooth with me but a lot of different people are last night. So they somebody showed up but it's not that that's not really good sign. But if they continue playing like they did last night working hard, Bobby LaWango again unbelievable in the first period. Making saves they haven't been in been to keep it in a minute game and they win it over time 4-3. Did you hear a lot about that on the morning show this morning? No. Did you sign a game and turn out to be? Well that's right that's hockey we don't. We don't like hockey in a morning show. Hockey sucks. We like football football football but maybe a little bit of a round ball but mostly football right football. That's where it's at football. Are you ready by the way for some smash mouth football? It's 11 after 9 at 5.60 WQA and I'll tell you what time layman he ain't scared enough and he's not scared to give you a great deal which is why and he's sure not the scared of this show. He loves the people listen to the show because he's obsessed he doesn't like this show he loves it. He's got his ear red up to the radio right now. How you doing Tom? That's why Tom layman created an E-RIGES deal at Hellet Ponyx. Big dollars in all Ponyx and GMC's in stock. Just mention you heard this spot on the new RG show and he'll do like a dance right there in the showroom floor. Stop by Hellet Ponyx GMC 134-01-Saut-Tixie Highway. That's US want to cross from the falls. I don't have it in a falls for like I would say 100 years at least. What is I mean I know what it is but anyway where they have very more vehicle mark for the lowest price. I mentioned the O'Rages deal and save even more than what you thought you were going to save which in other words is a whole lot. While you're at Hellet be sure and take a good peek at the complete line of all the great SUVs from GMC including the on-void voted by Motor Trend as SUV in the year in the old new VIMS SUV that's got the power of a big expensive fancy fancy guts he's forced car without the cost. Hellet's also has always got a big dependable selection of great pre-owned cars trucks and SUVs and you know that he'll on the credit no matter if every other deal in the world is turned you down. Hellet will still cut you deal and get you into the car or truck or SUV or whatever of your choice. So get to the Neo Rogers deal right now at Hallet Ponyx GMC across from the falls open every day seven days a week you can call him a 305-238-40 and say hey what time is time going to sing uh... Don't have a penis. Congratulations, get a life. I can't wait. I can't wait. I can't wait. I can't wait. I can't wait. I can't wait. I can't wait. I can't wait. I can't wait. I can't wait. I can't wait. I can't wait. I can't wait. I can't wait. I can't wait. I can't wait. I can't wait. I can't wait. I can't wait. I can't wait. I can't wait. I can't wait. I can't wait. I can't wait. I can't wait. I can't wait. I can't wait. I can't wait. I can't wait. I can't wait. I can't wait. I can't wait. I can't wait. I can't wait. I can't wait. I can't wait. I can't wait. I can't wait. I can't wait. I can't wait. I can't wait. I can't wait. I can't wait. I can't. I can't wait. I can't wait. I can't wait. This is for the way. Come on Kuma, come on! Come on, come on! Kuma when this road goes by... A little, littleа Tony O'Conan little more... Here! A good Sup monster hit Dip BattlesãoЊ I got some disco chef rapper Ar arms off! Tony Raven, you watching Supato's Mandom kit. No... Yeah. The Red Bull's don't give me a lot of bad tune. And now, I need to hear that. I like that. At 560, but I like this even better. Ha ha ha ha. This could be one of the most astonishing facts in the history of the human race, just to pull it off the machine with my own little hand. And it says on top men's hairpiece testimonials. September 15, 1999. Now it looks like a re-letter that was written right? Right? And of course we have no way to verify or not. A September 15, 1999, it's written to a Boto Knoche KNOCHPHPH Corporation and it's got an address in Cape Coral, Florida. On Southeast 47 terrorists, it says, Dear Boto, I'm taking a great deal of pleasure informing you. Will I have or will have worn your silver-surfer hairpiece for one year the 17th of this month? I had to let you know after wearing hairpieces for almost 30 years. I found the silver-surfer to be the finest hairpiece I've ever had and I've had some of the finest like handmade in New York City, other famous well-known hairpieces. The silver-surfer continues to have the same resilience ahead when it was new and continues to hold its color perfectly. I find it said that advantage is to have two hairpieces to be able to wear one while the second has been washed and set on a form to air dry, which makes it easy for me to maintain so naturally pleased to enter order both at the same time. Your supplies of shampoo, conditioner, and softener work the best I've ever had. Thanks again for convincing me to purchase the silver-surfer model sincerely. Howard David. I don't buy it. No, we're not buying it. But he got to admit that's cute. The silver-surfer. We've rid of the silver fox. The silver-surfer. I don't know he was in the surfing. 26 votes on a pull off. Which of the ex-are you most scared of? The Republican take over 16. Let me say again, the Republican take over 16. How are David's hairpiece eight now? Maybe they won't be so scared now. They know that's a silver-surfer model. The Bbonic plague one. That's changing against you, what do I mean? And tracks. Two. The Bbonic plague one in smallpox none. Here's a fact from our good post-personal friend, Big Arnie. I got to save this. We'll put that up in the appropriate place. The silver-surfer model is a good idea to have a spursing wash the other one. Why you wearing the first like your car? That's right. I was good to have to. My mother's always bugging me. What do you need to? Cars for you. You never hear any way. Because I want him. Because you ought to be mine in your own damn business. That's probably pretty good reason. That it could be mine in your own goddamn business. Right. Because I can afford it. I like it. And that's it. That's the end of that conversation. What's next, Ma? What's the next? What's the next? What's the next? Bitch. Here's the facts from Big Arnie. I was in the Social Security Office yesterday. It corrected me. I mistake it on on my records. They had me born in 1890, instead of 1948. And there was a sign that said it is prohibited to murder kidnap or assault any social security worker while they are working. Does this mean I can murder or kidnap them while they're not working? Also does this mean I can murder kidnap or assault anyone there is not a social security worker that sign as a classic. Thank you Arnie. That's kind of another good as the previous facts. But in different categories. So anyway, here's that story. Since you haven't heard it. What even the hiding under the bed or something? I was. I just missed it. I wasn't watching CNN last night. Who else was? I was at the hockey game and not bad. Not bad. Pretty entertaining. I bet we'll get a lot of calls about that. Oh, pull it out there. No overtime. Valerie Bray. Only joking and he looked pretty decent Victor Christ level. The paper this morning is they're trading some people away because of that payroll again. Oh, here we go again. This one you thought there was like a little bit of promise there and all of a sudden we're going to be trading some people away for all I would like to have Ellen what else is name? What is his first name? Bray. I'm sorry, Brad. Brad, the fuzzbuster from the founders. Who should know Brad is Mr. No. Fuzzbuster? A new Mexico couple who traveled to the Yorker been hospitalized with what's believed to be the first case of Bobana plague in the city in a century health official said. The couple arrived in New York last Friday went to the hospital two days later with high fever and swollen lymph clenne on nodes. They might not mind our tool. What do you would be? I don't know what you're smoking about. They were swollen swollen lymph no mine weren't but there's were. The man 53 is in critical condition and on a life supported man hadn't a hospital that you're making light up is 47 year old wife is in stable condition set officials both are an isolation in the hospital. Today we're announcing what likely to be the first cases of Bobana plague in the York in a hundred years said Dr. Thomas Frieden the health commissioner of New York City. Christ on the man were presumptive positive for the plague and his wife is suffering from similar symptoms with test pending he said it could be as long as 48 hours before health officials get official confirmation that the two have the plague he said Frieden caution New Yorkers not to be alarmed by the news. Your vonic plague does not spread from person to person he said. There is no rest in New Yorkers from the two individuals being evaluated for the plague Frieden said these patients became ill but then 48 hours of arriving in New York City therefore were confident there are exposure occurred in New Mexico. That's one of the places like in the far west that's where they find. Like about 20 cases a year. More than half the plague cases in the US are New Mexico Frieden said a wood rat and fleas from that rodent were found in the couple's property in Santa Fe New Mexico tested positive in July for plague Frieden said a wood rat. Bobana plague is a bacterial disease in rodent's transmitted to humans through the bites of infected fleas. Bobana a new monoclegg a more serious form of the disease occurs when the plague bacteria are inhaled and direct contact with infected animals including rodents wildlife and pets. What it says. What do you like that? Stay away from those rats. Yeah. Stay away from the Mexico. All of some stood if you're like a little you know. Plagus? Woose? Yeah. There is definitely a plague in this place I'll take that. Make no mistake about it. So anyway everybody is congratulating themselves on a great job they did on the election on Tuesday and guess what? As usual we got a little bit of a problem which turns out not to be a big problem because the races weren't all that closed but if the races would have been that close well we would have like a major scandal on our hands and people would be running around screaming for a myriad of old fans ass. For at least her trunk. Broward vote total short by 104,000 in reporting glitch. Oh what's 104,000 votes among friends right? And come to find out we were saying there was like only 35% turn out it was 45% turn out. 10% of what was like missing. In Broward. Oh, we're working great. They're also busy congratulating each other. Getting themselves on a back because we didn't make the laughing stock of fools out of ourselves again and coming to find out we came close to doing it. Broward County's election didn't end as smoothly as it began a programming year as sliced 34,000 votes from reported races on Tuesday and 70,000 more were deducted from the total turn out. By late yesterday election officials insisted that all the votes were counted for and we still aren't sure. They said that the errors had no effect on the outcome of any races though voter turnout jumped from 35 to 45% after was corrected. In a race question to vote counting and reporting process for the county 17.2 million dollar electronic voting system that could not be explained that the satisfaction of these remember canvassing board until late Wednesday. Two things went wrong. The English language results of early voting were tabulated as if they come from one precinct. The total exceeded a preset maximum from a single precinct. Thus the 34,000 early votes were not included in the public total free trades from their world to I don't understand that. But anyway there's 34,000 missing right there. Mission. The absentee ballots in Spanish language really voting results were recorded in each individual race but because of an operator error and preparing a report though 70,000 will left out of the overall turnout number. The missing 104,000 litre officials to initially report total turn out of only 34% the official corrected number of votes cast was almost 44,000. Let's see how many votes is it not not in this story. I think it was about 43,000 votes more than a bride had. That's going to make a difference. But what if it would have made a difference? What if he would have lost by like 30,000 votes? Or so we thought. And then two days later said, I guess what's the price? Of course we've been through that before in Florida. You can kind of use to that. And speaking of voters voter turn out up slightly nationwide, slightly. This year's midterm congressional election apparently attracted more voters than in last one but Curtis Gaines directed the independent committee for the study the American electorate estimated Tuesdays turned out at 70 and a half million more than 39% of voting age citizens as if that's a big deal. 39%. That's pretty weak. The 88, 98, let's see if there was 37.6 the lowest midterm turn out since 1942 since FD and R is third term. How do you like that since the middle of his third term? 28 states at higher turn outs is here in 22 states in district coming at lower turn outs according to survey. What's wrong with you people at Don't Vote? How about you, George? Did you vote? I can't. Did I vote? No. No. What tells matter with you people at Don't Vote and take your part in this great exercise called democracy and freedom, etc. Remember we should have democracy and freedom? I'm a victim of the masses. Remember we should have those things? No. Not anymore. 27 after 9 at 5.60 WQA and watch out for those wood rats and those fleas and stuff. A new Mexicans. And anybody from Newark? Well if it's not contagious and it doesn't. It doesn't. I'm not your person. Not contagious person to person. You got to get it from. Right. Or a rat. Or a new Mexicans. Cat or a bat. I see. With a hat. Yeah. And you lie flat on a mat. Yeah. It's kind of like, tidford, tat. What is that? It's a 27 after the hour, at 5.60 WQA. And if you love your home, but you just don't have all the space you need to do with the things you want to be doing. Here's the answer for you. Do the smart thing like hundreds of other people are doing. Even George who sometimes ain't too smart, but nevertheless. That's why I heard from you know. Call strictly an errands whether you're having a baby need another room if you're converting a carport or patio and living space. Maybe you went into business for yourself and you want to make yourself a home office. Here's the way to do it. Just make one easy phone call to our friends at strictly additions. Do your one stop. Stop your more space for your place. Place with an absolutely worry for your approach of expanding your living space. No shows that you've heard about by the contractors. Not going to happen to you. In complete work. No chance. No unexpected bills. No worries about the job not getting done right. They take care of every single last detail. And drop your blueprints. They get the building permits and all the inspections. Trickery. This has got an easy 5 step approach to total customer satisfaction. First they call the schedule a free project to make a wish to pull a minute at your home where a project is to make a more determined scope of your additional. How big it is? All about. Secondly, schedule a bit of home in their convenience. You're going to get detailed proposal and a exact price for your work. Third, select your finishing touches. Go to contract. Fourth review of the Zoddhart contextual drawings and fifth. You sit back and relaxes your dream edition moves on with on schedule unbeatable quality like I said. It's as easy as a call 1, 2, 3 or just call 9, 5, 4, 7, 9, 1, 80, 100. Give them a call 9, 5, 4, 7, 9, 1, 80, 100. Their license is in shirt professionals who do a super job for you. Check out their any yellow pages. They share all the Broward and South Palm Beach County. Tell that old Neal Turdid call strictly additions. 9, 5, 4, 7, 9, 1, 80, 100. 5, 5, 5, and 1, 2, 3, 4, 30, 5, 60. 2, 3, 4, 4, 5, 6, 1, 2, 1, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1. Next with the sewer of this place. Let's do it. Coming up today on Doctor Phil. Doctor Phil, I've been lava with an inflatable man. How did it feel? It is wonderful. It's going to vibrate in package. Is it what you want? Oh yes. There's one with a life size 22 in town. I want that one too. Boy, that's just not right. That's today on Doctor Phil. It's sorted out and electro-duted me. Let's go. You take a short break and we'll come out then. I'm 33 at 5, 60. You know, you're right. Tableau is here. I was going to do my tablet too, even though it was election day. And I can't even do tablet Thursday. This took our last week's stuff. Right. What's that all about here? They print them right up the road in Lantan. There are people listening right like stones throw. From where they print them. Yeah, why can't you get a fresh orange at a supermarket either? Right. They grow them right across the street. Right. So we got these nifty clickers at the hockey game last night. I had no extra charge. You know, and I'll tell you another thing, even though the crowd wasn't that bad. It wasn't great, especially for my real, but it's just the atmosphere in that place. It's just not good. It is not good. It's about as exciting as the inside of an oxygen tent. Sterell. It's just not like in the old arena. I don't want to sound like what I'm funny to. He's trying to live in the past. But wouldn't it be great if we could live in the past? Yeah. We've got the pick. Yeah. I'm serious. The old place had atmosphere was small and therefore was loud. And I realized they could make any money in it. But there's just something about that wane high-pinguette touch. You know, everything you touch is like for him it turns to golden for the rest of his it turns to me or the just in no time at all. 111 votes. I like that 111. We're six of the way to 66. That's a good start. You know what? Let's keep it that way. Which of these are you most scared of? The Republican takeover. 71 people are getting re-owned or what's about that. Mohard David is hairpieces in second place, but in this in second with 27. What is it? A silver silver. A silver for mouse. A smallpox 5 anthrax 5 in Bobonic Play. 3. Now that we had that story out of New York. I want to play that thing. And I want you to listen closely if this is a want to find out what the deal is with Rick Shaw. Q Unication. For the people of South Florida. WQ. WQ. Can we chew it? No. Yeah? Six. You're far man. We can't believe it. Currently, 70, 60 degrees of five o'clock and notaries report there is no cure for bookie fever. However, they aren't working on a new serum. Well, I just got the tragedy we used today on a carrier. WQA. Send me the death of five of Jim London. QA. And that is our $1,000 record today. We're going to call somebody. Am I? Sure. He's only one ex-azzy. Now is there any doubt that that's Rick Shaw? Sounds like him to me. 100 bucks. Oh, you know, don't call us. We'll call you. It's another thousand. QA. And how would you like to pocket a brand new Chris Bambor crunchy 50 dollar bill and not get musted for it? I don't like it. I'm going to get so bad. Oh. Okay. Well, I was enough of that one. I got another good one with Jim Dunlap. The later on. So there was a rich y'all call himself Jim London on this radio station. Of course, I can understand a lot of people on this station. I do want to, you know, be anonymous. Change your names. Have hidden identity. I wonder if he ever thought about getting himself on them silver fox hairpieces. Silver surre. I'm sure it's cross his mind and then he crossed the head. Now, I don't want to change his image. That cap is what made Ricky what he is today. A bald old DJ playing crap on magic. Sorry, Rick, but you know, that's where it goes. What's that guy's name? Bob. What is his name? Christopher. Bob Butterworth got beat by the way. That's some. And that the Jesus Christ won the 30 general. I can't believe that. All of you are dark folks. You're ready to go out there on a chain gang. He is bringing back the chain gang. He wants to put a bunch of folks out there in shackles. Clean it out the road and stuff like that. Yeah, that's right with that. They're dirty. Good for quick get away. WQIM. Hello. Yes. Yes. Oh, yes. Oh, yes. Good. I'm so happy to talk to you. Oh, my goodness. So wonderful birthday meal. You just so wonderful. I'm under 35 of a listening sense. Oh, my gosh. I was 10. I didn't get a book yet. I wish I could write you and George is an A. You might 5 million times. Yes, it'll wait. I can't believe it. I hope you've received my card. Last year I gave you money in the card. I hope you got my other gift that I came as a big card. Can you give me money? Yeah. We could throw you a yeah. I was there. My father was Jamaican. I was one of the people that worked like five times. I was just a little bit of a loss. Yeah. I was so happy to read about you. You're just, you know, you're a legend and you don't want to appreciate you and you're going to be a contract and it's probably in this place. I know. I know. I know. And you're just, I'm going to miss you in my card. I, you know, besides some other stuff I said, like a lot of tickets and public certificate. They treat me like I have syphilis. Yeah. No. It's not fair because I'm going to miss you. I can't believe in less than that. What do you mean you're going to, oh, when you stop that balloon, you can't believe it less than five years. Well, what kind of nonsense is that? It'll life. It'll life. God. No, but it's what they were saying in the newspaper. Yeah. Oh, that stuff. I don't know. I know I have a life. But just, you just have to voice a reason. It stinks in here, man. It smells. Now you know what I'm talking about because you probably scrub a lot of floors, right? No. You never scrub any floors. I have. Well, you know what I'm talking about then that crappy put on a floor, man. Oh, man. God. And it's like there's somebody head like a gallon of it. Right where I'm sitting here. Oh, I'm so sorry. Maybe Josh Friedman said on this chair for one, I had like disinfectant. Probably. I'm so sorry. Me too. Well, you know, it's two days after my birthday. Oh, no. But I don't want to forget. They all be really injured. There was okay. Nothing great was election day. So it was not good. No. I didn't vote it. But I didn't care. I just glad we can vote. I put my vote down for the Republican takeover for the scariest thing. It's fine between that and more Howard David's here piece. So it's so so excited. I love most peace because it's almost like a live. It moves around a little bit. That's right. Five so on its own. That's true. Have a great day. I love you. See you. Bye bye. Calm down just a little bit. Okay, tone it down a few notches. And it notches. Is that in the Mexico? Yes. Yeah. Notches. You're talking at crappling. The plague. She just doesn't have to explain to me how they how do they do that if they. Why would that be one of those things we'd have to worry about if it's not communicable like smallpox. The rats. The rats want it than the fleas jump off the rats and then they bite you. So no. It's going to look important a bunch of infected rats. Is that what you're saying? Like the skaters with the. How do you do that? But how do you do that? How do you import skaters? They they take care of it all by themselves. They move about. They travel. Yeah. In the rats. Travel. What do you want to aim track? Oh yeah. They are as a matter of fact. Anything that moves? They're on it. Yeah. Excellent sounds like I'd be real alarmed and crawl back under the bed if I was you folks out there. We don't want to get you nervous or anything like that. But Paul Azan said this morning. Life is a local of these six. It's five six years. Three years old yours. You ain't. You never know who will call Tony Bruno on 940 Fox Sports Radio. How was David? Voice of the Miami Dolls. I'm not sure you want it. And you don't need to change this. But I will. Listen to you guys every day. You guys are doing a hell of a job. It's fun to listen to and all Brian. I mean the whole thing you guys are doing. It's great. What? Did I hear that right? I got the chance. Well listen to you guys every day. You guys are doing a hell of a job. It's fun to listen to and all Brian. I mean the whole thing you guys are doing. Wow. Even Mohour David. Listen to Tony Bruno. On 940 Fox Sports Radio. Exactly. Coming up tonight. And inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story. We take a good hard. Still looking to start out. It was the concept tour that inspired millions of women. These are really uptight. Heavy women who are in dire need of a good. Anyway. We're talking about. Lilith Fair. I do believe I'll sell you. Basically the message we're sending castrate men is that women are a powerful force in the world castrate men. And our music can be healing castrate men and therapeutic castrate men. Sarmic Lockeland founded Lilith Fair in 1996. As a venue to bring together fans of female musical artists from around the world. But come on. She must have known it would also attract a bunch of guys who just want to get laid. Oh man. Those crunchy burkin stock types are dying for it. It's like shooting fish in a barrel. If you can put up with no deodorant and braided hair snap new in the face, you will not go home unhappy. Ah. Minertists pigs being led around by their penises. But that doesn't mean I'm gay either. But the indigo girls are. And it didn't maybe treat each happen. McLaughlin explains that the name Lilith was taken from a biblical story about an upedy woman in the garden of Eden. Lilith refused to be subservient to Adam so she was forced to dwell with demons until the angels brought her back. And then she still wouldn't know Bay Adam so she was returned to hell where she had to witness the execution of a hundred of her children every day until she went slowly mad from anguish. Don't you see how empowering that is to women? Lilith Fair. When those chicks get together in one place, there's no stopping them. From all getting their periods at the same time. We are got that habit. It's a big juicy, something we're looking at show business tonight. Uninside the mind. I 45 at 560 WQM. I don't want to say so many folks are just, you know, you're a little ponderous. Here's the facts from Gary. Get over it, Gary. He says, Neil, good morning. I don't want to sound like a sore loser man. But how come I have everything from our liberal media about a new voting machines changing votes from McBride the bush? Well guess what Gary, and this must be the guy to call you today. It was on channel for news. I'm sure the other local stations carried it as well. It was on. It was there. There were a couple of glitches on some machines. An addition which, you know, just like Jim McFeedy wrote again, this one which I won't waste your time reading his column. But nevertheless, it's another good one. It's McBride beat himself. I mean, the opening was right there. Okay. They open a door and come right on in. It's all yours and they blew it. The only thing you talked about was education. And then when he pushed his feet to the floor to the fire and said, well, how you're going to fund that to smaller class size. He went to like that. And that was the end of that. Yeah, not the nonsense. Talk about it. Yeah. He was weak for a week. So, you know, Janet Reena would have been bad. But this guy turned out to be maybe even a bigger loser. At least somebody knew who she was. As the Democrats once again, clinched the feet from the jaws of victory. One of their favorite pastimes. How's Michael Duke Cock, I'd do in by the way. Anybody seen him lately? Well, he's run a land track. I think is he? He is. He's an engineer. Oh, seriously. He's the one that takes care of the rats. He feeds him. Oh, but he's the head of the contract. I believe Michael Duke Cock. 152 votes on there. What's it? He's the most scared of the Republican take. We should have also added, well, I guess we could have called it the silver surfer. The Republican take over 93. Mohour David's hairpiece or the silver surfer 39. Smallpox 9. And track 7. And bubonic plague already. We got four. Four. What about mice? My scary bubonic plague? I'm sure they can. How do you know that? Well, I don't mind you to tell me you're sure they can. Well, they're all rodents. So I can only imagine. Right. What's the difference besides the one that's big? New Mexican lights. Well, if you see him like a mouse in your backyard, probably one ask is it from a new Mexico? And I'm sure they have fleas as well. Before you let you dog out through the two of the pieces. 5 or 6, 7 or 5, 6. You got a facet. It's kind of like a really cheap shot at somebody that wasn't here today. So we probably wouldn't want to do that, right? Because his wife was ill and guilty. Right. That would be wrong. What to say? It says the Goldstein School of Voice. And Goldstein School of Deeper Voice speech therapy. I'll get to in a minute. Well, we'll think about whether it's in good taste to do it or not. Because I don't really know what happened. Well, it doesn't rip his wife. In addition to which I feel like, yeah, like that. Like, we're going to do something. Oh, no. Oh, you won't have to worry about that notchist smell anymore. No, I have to worry about a different notchist smell. At least everybody else wrote, won't bother me. Yeah, once in a while, I go anywhere at take a leak in minutes. Puzzles like somebody, like, somebody took a crap at me. Some of those doors are dramatically sealed. And I'm talking about another studio, not in the tea room. WDQAM. Jambah. Yeah. WDQAM. Yes, sir. You know, you're right about the panther. They lost me as a fan. You know, I think just put it on the TV. Yeah. And I used to sit down by you and the price didn't matter. I just enjoyed going to the game, you know. Speaking of prices, by the way, they jacked up the prices of the concessions again, which is almost unbelievable. And when you have like a january to get some sort of couple of sodas and whatever. And instead of the usual cartons that they give you to create the food, they've got new lighter cartons that we like about a tenth of an ounce. And if you try to carry anything in them, they fall apart. So you have to have double wrapped the cartons. It's a joke. Yeah. Yeah. Another thing I wanted to run by you is the home was voice made at the book or a tone here. Oh. And I said to the guy, I waved them over and I said, you do realize you're making Sean Kinele, a very rich man. Yeah. And he said, that wall, that's what everybody says. And he still do it. And another train monkey. Yeah. He still has their doing it. And he gets us cut. Ever since Scott's a long boy, no one has heard from Scott the long boy recently. No. Ever since he's gotten married, we've missed him at the circle jerk. We don't see him anymore. Okay. Well, we'll have to get him back. Oh, and Neil, I hate the ball of you bad Neil. I know it's another none of your business. I ordered, I'm sorry. I ordered three of those CDs. Yeah. I'm going to go ahead and tell you what Eric and the book of brown will be in touch with one of these days. I'm not not going to deal with that stuff. I'm going to show I will not deal with it. That's their deal. Okay. I mean, I, you know, I try to be the nice guy and say, go ahead, put it on here. You guys, you know, make a few bucks, you know, the audience to love it. And then we want to put all this jackpot, you know. And you wonder when the girl didn't want to deal with the nightmare of mailing all those things out and taking you. Well, not just that, but this is not even like under the ages of this show. It's like, well, we'll take care of it. And I don't see the new thing under that he, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the mobile mobile thing on there. I don't see it. You got a whits. No, seriously. I mean, what kind of crap is that? So, call a book of brown and Eric and just bitch their ass out and say, what the, let's wrong with you guys. Okay. I said in my money, Rio ordered it on my credit card like a hundred years ago. And you guys are digging around and dicking around and dicking around. What the hell is going on with you guys, man? If they're waiting for the new disc and then they make me look fan. That's what pisses me off. They make me look fan. I mean, make me look like some kind of a smuck. A smuck smuck smuck. Yeah. If they're waiting for the new disc that doesn't have the rest of the tuition song on it, then they're going to be disappointed. These people wanted the old, the rich. How do you know that? I'm sure they did. Just because they ordered that, you think that's what they wanted. Maybe in their minds, they really wanted the other one. I'm sure they wanted. And I wish they wish I don't see that there is any other one anyway. I haven't seen one yet. So, whatever you do, don't order any crap off our website because you're probably get ripped off. That's the best thing I can tell you. What what? No, I don't want to encourage these people order anything from our folks because we're not setting anything out. It's a skid, it's terrible. I feel like Mickey, you guys are terrible. Anyway, the speech therapy, the voice is usually the biggest problem for male to female friends, sexuals and transvestites because after the voice is broken, it puberty, drugs and medical treatment are ineffective at all to bring it. This reminds me of Greg Ashtoe that day, is there some operation they can do? I'm guilty, vocal cords to make him have like a real man's voice? That's exactly the way he said it, but that's what he meant. Most people believe that, this goes out about voice breaking and vapa papan. Now you can have a voice like very white. This is not funny. This is not funny. I mean, it goes on forever and I would be glad to read it if it were funny, but you know what? It's not funny. No. Very sad. A lot of people out there with too much time on their hands. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line. What is all this stuff? What is this Jew propaganda here about what you can do today for Israel? I don't want to do anything for Israel, okay? I don't live in Israel. I don't know if I know from Israel. Don't waste your time sending me Jew propaganda. I'm not interested. All right. Do you want to help Israel out? Go there and have a good time. And tell sure when to lose some weight, maybe you can stay in power. So to have a special erection, is there a guess? Jenny, where's I'm like that? It's the artwork has it come back from the print. I don't want to hear about it. I don't want to, I don't want to, I don't want to, I'm not going to start getting on that whole bandwagon again. That's why. Because they tell me one thing and then that's the last I ever hear about it. And then people like this poor guy, who means very well, who's a devoted dedicated listener, calls in and starts grilling me about it. And he starts out by saying, I know it's not your thing. And you know what? That's where that was it. He, that's not my thing. It just ain't my bag. So what we're going to start doing is giving Boko Brian's home number out on the ear. And you can call him and just rip him an ass. Five, six, one. Now, when in doubt, Rima Mod, say, hey, do you little bald head of geeky? Do some funny stuff. But generally speaking, you're like a slacker. Is what you are. You and your partner up there, your fat partner in Orlando. Playing fast and looser with our audience. How about, what, what, what? Let's come up with a good scan. That's something like that. Like that online detective thing would be good. W, W, M. More Neil. Yes, sir. Just want to let you know you got a commercial running for a national airline. Yeah. Your bankrupt, out of business gone. They aren't grounded. They're grounded. They're grounded. He's right. I'm so trade out anyways. What, what, what, what, what? We just played it. You were flying national? Yeah, it was great. It was great. I'm going to miss it. What, what did that? I know they went bankrupt, but they were still operating. When did they stop flying? Thank you, after that. So I don't even have to say that. See, we got that. I missed the play story, but I saw that. Yep. So anyway, I'm out of material. Okay, thanks for the good news. Hey, listen, we don't care. It's a trade out. We get some, of course, if it's a trade out, what are we going to get for it? That's the old flight to nowhere. Yeah, you just sit on the runway and the plane, right? They'll serve you a snack. And of course, with our luck, we have like a bomb alert, something like that. Five, six, I'm telling. I'm getting nauseous from this, the fumes that are coming in here, getting like, really sick. I'm not joking. I'm getting the sick from it. It must be coming from the vents because they always hit that room first. Oh, man. I'll help. It's like, no, seriously, it's like somebody, a port for Malaheis. I'll port for Malaheis into it. Hey, if I had to tilt over like that, it's not going to be, I'm not going to be making that sound. I'm going to be going like that because it's not going to be a pretty picture. I'll tell you, nothing. WQAM. Hello? Yes, sir. Neil, is there somebody that could take me off the air? I just have a question, doesn't pertain to the show. Question about what? Well, I made a promise to Jim Mandage last week to bring him something, and I just need to get directions and find out what time he comes in. Okay, hold on. Thank you. Take care of that guy and two. We don't want to screw him over. Even though he has nothing with our show, we like the mad dog. So we'll take care of him. Oh, poor George has to put the headset on and talk to somebody. He could have called Carlos. He would have hooked him up. Yeah. Yeah, the mad dog's got the right attitude. He came in here yesterday and he said, you know, I don't want to tell you everything he said, but generally speaking he's right. We got the right attitude from 9 a.m. to 7 p.m. on a station. Less work, more pay and who I help could ask for anything better than this. I think I'm going to like have one of those deals any second now. And I think it's from this smell in here from this aroma. Making me nauseous makes me want a pew gag. It would be like if somebody took your head and shoved it into a bucket of Mr. Clean, and you couldn't get your head out. And you just, you know, fumes man sounds like something for an OSHA. Sounds like a massive lawsuit to me. WQAM. Hello? Yes, sir. Yeah, can you play that fiddle costume song? Who? The one like, uh, how about my dealer? How about a gila? All right. Okay, I'm playing how about a gila. I have no idea what he's talking about. Anybody know if it helps you out? No, never heard of the guy. Don't know what you're talking about, okay? Right out of the blue. There you go. That's where back to the old times again. It's great. It's really good. All these people saying, oh, well, we're shirtlighting. You're taking those calls again. It shows been just smoking. Yeah. Hey, you guys have been smoking something. All right. Don't share it, though. I know this. I've got a minute open lines here today. It's all up to you. I got a whole bunch of stuff here. Bedtime stores. I don't feel like doing it again. Cause I feel like crap. I'm nauseous from whatever's in this building. Oh, man. And who the hell? When he was in there, he smelled it. George tilted right over to the leg from east to west. He said, man, I smell something. Oh, my God. We are supposed to be in five seats. Oh, you, A.M. I'm to get it on. The security officers observed in this rider removed a systematic text with her the security text. And then she was observed to leave the store without paying for the item. Well, browsing, sight and closing doors and closed. Time and time again. You guys, stealing is wrong. There's all kinds of things for her to sleep. Or can she pull off a set of China play? All the charges will be dismissed. When shopping's over, she's longing to escape. And bending over from the way. So grab more closer. Just go for Monday or get it. I know that girl, wrong. Her fuck you on day. Tell you take with no reminder. To that place, the stars of your ready. And I know it's really fun. I know it's really fun. But I always feel like someone's looking over my shoulder. And who really gives a crap, you know? I am so sick of that whole deal when I'm around her. Because it's the hysterical story to your. And therefore we have to be inundated. And then Mark Garigo, that's the one, her lawyer, the one that makes me the creeps. What I kind of like, do be mustache. Man, as he makes me sick. It seems to that no, they formaldehyde. Maybe somebody puts them formaldehyde in my cup. There he goes. Because it does smell in my cup, too. I could go wash my cup off, but that would take too much energy. Three minutes after ten, I'd rather live dangerously. At five, 60 WDQ, I'm here's a facts that says. Long time list of I really enjoy your show keep up the more Howard stick is great. Have one major suggestion that is you better get rid of Todd Drek. Well, now we're talking. We've been advertising for national airlines today. National close their doors is not returning consumers money. Wow. Kind of like sounds like Book of Brian and Eric to me. You know what I mean? Yeah, pretty mean. Sounds like a rip off to me. You want to go to Vegas? Give us some money. Of course, we're not flying anymore, but we'll take the money. Well, I'm serious. There is something in here in here. And it's just a grow test. I think I may have to take the mic on. I can sit on a floor in there and do some gear go out in the hallway. You don't smell of that all? Maybe something now. Aha! See, it's just probably starting to see through in there. I think we're getting the old gas. And could that be a coincidence after Tuesday's election? No. I don't think so. So all these people that are taking crap. Well, what are these people worried about through your public intake over? I think we're getting gasped. Is what I think. Right here on the radio. And what did I also say? I realized it's only a little after 10 in the morning, but what did I say on Tuesday about the stock markets? Yeah, about how the artificial inflation and what day did I say that they would see them start going back, back, back, down. Even though the Fed cut rates are half a point yesterday for an initial little bit of a, you know, Look what's happening now. That was down 125. Nasdaq's down 26. See what I'm saying? Thursday just like I said. But you folks, you keep believing all the crap that your government tells you because they would never lie to us. Ever. Tell a judge. Who do you Q I am? Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, Neil, how you doing? I'm doing pretty good. All right. Good. The I want to write a thing. It's that was just any other metric that was stuffing clothing in their backpack. You know, would they go to jail? Sure. You bet. Yeah. Absolutely. Let me ask you this though. You was air. You was here. You were up here, yeah. Yeah. Bankrupt company. They plan on coming out of bankruptcy after the first of a year. The first quarter that is. Do you think that would be a good investment? Well, what do we do? I think it would be a good investment. I mean, investing in the stock market? You're talking to the wrong guy. Oh, and y'all. Oh, and wait to be here this. I can't believe I didn't talk about this yet. Guess what? Who's one of these sponsors? You know, on the big scoreboard of the macarena? And they have the stock market thing in between periods. Mitchers. Oh, my god. The Hirsch Arnold team and they actually show the two of these bosos up there. And then they got some broad. But he beat the moon. But about the geez given a market summary in the doubt did this. And I did that. And this. So what do you think about whatever he was just asking you a scare? What do we, you're calling me about the stock market? Do I think it's a good investment? Oh, yeah. Right. Let me tell you something. Sir, fool and his money are soon farted. Okay. What are clowns? You, you go ahead. I'll tell you what. I'll mark it on the calendar November 7th. A day that'll live in infamy. 2002, well, you call us back a year from now. But it's not how much money you made. I'm just, I'm just telling you right now. This thing is, it's getting intense in here. It's getting worse. The can you smell it? No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. I didn't fart. I'm trying to, sir's. You see, now he's going to run out. I'm talking about the, the cleaning of solvent, whatever it helps an events in here. It's in here. It's in here. I think there. Ah, he's, since he got that new mattress, he's like out of it. In, in, in a, in a wit out of it, in a wit out of it. Five, six, seven, five, six. They're not exaggerating. Do I, do I usually make a big, you know, no, I don't. We work under some pretty grisly conditions, believe me. But the fact of the matter is, there's something really. We've been being gasped right here. This is even worse than the time I had the stroke on here. Now we're actually being gasped right in the middle of a radio show. Probably the guy named Fox News Network's up to it. WQAM. Those hooded freaks. Maybe it's that Russian opium gas. That could be it. Hey, that could be it. How'd you like to play? QAM. Nobody there. Nobody in line seven. What a bitter disappointment. WQAM. Hello. Are we on a run? Yeah. QAM. Hello. I'm here. I'm here too. Yes. Can you tell me how to get to the archive site? No. I have people come out to meet the hockey game. I said, you know, I'm going to tell you anybody asked me a question about our website. Ever again, we will shoot you on the spot. We won't ask any questions. We won't make any apologies. We won't send you flowers. We will just shoot you right on the spot. In fact, what we're going to do is we're going to give out Eric and Boca Brian's home numbers. And everything else. Shoot size. I would say penis size, but I'm not too sure that that's relevant in this particular case. I'm not sure that the tiles of Boca's people asking this and that about it. I'm not going to go through that story again. Okay. There's nothing we can do about it. There is nothing we can do. There's the actor strike. We can't play the commercials. We can't exercise them from the archives. Therefore, until a satellite strike in the year 2525, whatever. And how they settled that actor strike on the commercials, there will be no archives. That's the best I can do. Do you know what I'm saying? I know what you're saying. Between the role men here, it's enough to make me feel like I'm going to be sick to my stomach and out of here tomorrow. You know what? I've never heard so much about it. I might just be out sick tomorrow. About something that's free. I'm going to be sick like any other client in 1030. Why didn't you just give me? Do you give me something to read? What? Information from National. What were you to tell us? Oh, well, don't put it there with a good. He puts the information from National but a commotionals man. Don't be putting it on my commercials. Although this is it. I don't know what we just ran there out of business. So I go to show you boys and girls if you hear it on QAM is probably a scam. It's probably a scam. And if it is a scam, Todd Ress got his finger in it. All the way into his. He really is. He's one of the most repulsive little pieces of crap. Now, see, not necessarily physically repulsive like PD Lenny. I mean, he is to see him as to like gag. PD Lenny. Am I right? I mean, just to physically lay eyes upon him. I mean, it's eye comedy. Oh, no, not the comedy long since we're off with that clown. But Todd Drek. Here is a man who is devious, dangerous. He's the triple these. Dumb, devious, and dangerous. Kind of like a president. Only a little less dangerous. I can't believe that you cannot smell. It's getting stronger and stronger. I'm serious. I'm getting gasped right here on the goddamn radio. It's coming. It's pouring through the vents. I think I've got the poop on it. Play. Yeah, that's what I got to poop on it. Play. Maybe it's in this chair because the way I'm starting to feel right now. I think pretty soon I will poop on it. You can't smell it at all. Nope. What I think we're going to do is like, line it. Why I'm just going to get out of here. And then during the break, you come back in here and sit and sit and just stay in here. You have to sit and sit and sit and sit and sit and sit. I don't want to sew your ass. This is certainly. Anyway, National Airlines and Ossidil see operations affected. Well, this was yesterday. When I was a business, we were running spots today. I didn't like that. They closed down yesterday. We're running spots here on QM today for National Freckered Airlines. And they call us the laughing stock in a business. Wow. Customers with tickets on National Airlines that were purchased through MasterCard of Visa Credit Cards. May apply for refund to the credit card company. Refunds for tickets from National Airlines will not be available because they have got no money. Those are the important things. Thanks very much for going. Don't go away. I want you to drink a break to come in here and sit and sit and sit and sit and sit. I was just at joke. I did do it until I did a little tilt. What I do that. Twelve minutes after 10 is 560WQ. I think I got the, I'm serious to put on a plague. I got something. And then there was that mouse in my backyard this morning that my dog got a toy about that. Right. Please jump off the mouse onto your dog. Yeah. And then onto you. You got carpet right. Yeah. Whole fleet community living in those things. Oh my god. Like I said, I'm getting on here. Twelve minutes after 10 at 560WQM. Let's face you to be here to talk about fast train until we're all blue when the post. And there's still in business. That's the best part. Isn't that refreshing to a spot for someone that's still in business? Anyway, the facts are simple. If you had the dedication fast-ranking for body with this is a retraining to become a certified computer professional. According to the time magazine that a man for computer professionals will continue to explode, which I think I'm going to do any second. Their average student completes the training in just four short months attending school three nights a week. Once you complete your certification fast train will help you in getting that new computer job. They invite you to come and visit their train career. Kaustlan and determine which track is ideal for you. Is it Northfield, Northville, Hazel Park, Souther Downs, Leviton, or Jackson harness Raceway. While fast train toll free at 1-8-6 fast train to set up an appointment with four convenient locations, there is bound to be one near you no matter where you live. They're in Kendall, Miami, Pembroke, Pines, and Fort Lauderdale. And while you're at it, don't forget to ask the queer counselor for list of students just like yourself who are currently in their dream jobs thanks to getting their training at fast train. So if you're trying to work in for peanuts, if you're trying to have an a dead end job and a worker for some smuck, then pick up the protocol fast train at 1. See I said that again. 1-8-6 fast train. That's 1-8-6 fast train or check them out of the web at fast train.com. And when you call be sure and tell them that the anxious, Todd Dreck told you to call. I am law. This is for 20-5-6. You way, yeah. Boy did it from our good friends at Ointagartha Travel. Aspin Calarado. That's the place to go if you like Stean. Imagine for a moment you're on the slope. You put your knees together. Then they're thinned slightly forwards and then you grab your pole while you put the other hand on the edge of the table. This is unacceptable. Who wrote this? I think it would find. I'm not mispersepcode. I know who's responsible for this sabotage. This is the hand you work at at thank it to Poof and that train quarrel of a monkey at his. The jokes on them. Why I'll have you know. I got connections in who you're. Four hundred people are just an answer. Send them in. You'll see you now. Thanks. Good hour. Godfather, what do you know? What do you say? Ma'am, I'm most to be considerate friends. What can I do feel on the day of my thought as a portion? I'm here to the man that you grant me a favor. I want a sanction ahead of me or rushes. What have I done to be treated with such disrespect? Oh Godfather, I bet the end of my rope. Every day they got me raped. I used it my name and vain. And just make it fun of my veins. I shouldn't have written to him weaker than me. I'm not like that. You know who I am? You're an end who deserves respect. So here's a ticket to Vegas. Vegas. Who needs fake any friend? I already live in paradise. I ask you to talk to a man like, oh, I would like that. I want you to take care of our friend, Mr. Moe, of you. Sure, Tom. Okay, take your pants off, fella. Let me show you a good time. Could you hand off me a big dummy? I ain't dumb. God, dumb, you're stupid. Yeah, but not like they say. Give me a hand, you way a look up. I'm on a big drink. Trevor, howling is about to keep him quiet, okay? Mm-hmm. And then? She's out of a tent that's gonna go plunge. We're gonna go. We're gonna go. We're gonna go. We're gonna go. We're gonna go. We're gonna go. We're gonna go. We're gonna go. We're gonna go. We're gonna go. We're gonna go. Hey, hey, hey, hey. And the worst part from always the ticket to give him to Vegas was on National Airlines. Today, 18 at 5.60, WDQ and we got 244 votes, which of these are you most a scared of? The Republican take over 146. Mohour David is here, P69, and the silver surfer of the silver fox, smallpox. 15, anthracate and bubonic plague six. Singer Bobby Brown jailed in Atlanta. He may not be good, but at least he's consistent. Another scumbag that I'm really carried here in a bottle, aren't you? Yeah. Oh, brother. I rest it again. Singer Bobby Brown is in the Atlanta Municipal jail after the rest early today on drug and traffic charges. Let's hear it for Bobby Brown. Go and down. Brown 33's been charged with possession of an ounce of marijuana, no proof of insurance, speeding in no driver's license. Well, what's wrong with so far on CNN problem? According to an officer at the jail of gave her name as Rolf. It's enough to make you want to... Puk. Brown has been a singer Whitney Houston who's also enough to make you a Puk is wanted in neighboring DeCalb County in a five year war and stemming from his 1996 arrest. According to DeCalb County court system Brown was charged with driving out of the influence of a proof of insurance, faded to maintain lane and speeding April 22, 1996. After a four year of illegal activity from Brown's attorney's local media stations, they wanted to take the proceedings. The singer's arrangement was put on the February 3rd, 1997 docked, but state court judge Wayne Purt Om refused to hear Brown's plea in absentia and continued the proceedings to February 14. When Brown failed to show up then, Purt Om issued a bench ward and Brown forfeited a $1,160 bond. Brown has been arrested several times since leaving the 1980 singing group new edition. I didn't know he was in the new edition. You didn't? No. Yeah. Oh, I'm not thinking about. I'm thinking of the first edition. Kenny Rogers in the first edition. One Bobby Brown in the first edition? Yeah. Yeah. Well, he sang kind of like a white guy then, like a country, like Charlie Pride and Kissa, singer Good Morning. In January, when I did Brown was convicted and floored at two Mr. Minors, driving out of the influence of alcohol, and property damage. Brown died. I'm tired of all this. Okay. Brown, I'm tired of what he used to. I'm tired of guy damn what's your name. We're known a writer. Anybody want a writer? Yeah, sure. My not. She's all right. She's all right. Oh, and I'm tired of him too. And McDermott CNN, Los Angeles. Thanks, Ian. Who? Who grant? Oh, God. Man, there's not a he is just repulsive. Here's a fact that's it. He is there anybody you like? Oh, yeah. You did. My name is says I was just holding for you when the phone got disconnected. I'm so sorry, Judy. We've fact everybody must have disconnected because we got no calls on here. Like one. Something's wrong with our phone. Give it to QAM. I'm here. Okay. Well, speak to me. The computer doesn't work. I think that drawing stuff that's not that smell or kind of beat a pipe in there. The gap. I think that's what it is, you're right. It's not like you started flooring your words. I'd be careful. Yeah. Where's it? I was Mario last night. Mario, he was good in the first period. He made a great little drop pass for their first goal. He was good. And he had a couple of good chances. And they was stoned by by LeWongo. But in the last two periods he didn't do too much. He did tie the game up with eight seconds left. But other than that, he didn't do much. Did you spin your foot up there and you cut out like you do? I bet you're pardoned. No, I wish they'd tell the end to the winning goal. What do you mean cut out like you do? I don't leave him when there's an overtime? Well, sometimes you cut out for, you know, the pass is a winner. We're getting blown. I sometimes you leave the beat to rush. Well, maybe you put this one in the bag for it was over. Why would you do that when you got a tie game? And believe me, there were plenty of people who did leave out of there. Didn't come back for the overtime, which makes me nauseous. Well, that's what I'm saying. I knew the pass was somehow going to give even that thing up there. How do you know that? No, it's just the way they played last five months of the game. The game played later. Yeah, the pain was, the pain was didn't do too much. After the first period, it kind of laid out. Like they weren't interested. Yeah. Maybe the drugs were either setting in or worrying off. I'm not sure which. Okay. Thanks a lot. I just knew they were going to win. Didn't you? Oh, yeah. Anyway, she was holding on disconnected. So there's something wrong with the Europeaner in there. Not anymore. Okay. We got it straight now. Thank God for that. Because now that we're taking calls again, this place blows man. All these people all the show so much better when he was in Miami. Bull crap. Just being here is enough to make me gag. We got poisoned gas coming through the vest of a girl came in here during the break. He don't smell anything. But like you said, he has no senses anyway. That's seriously. He's just like, no feeling, no smell and no nothing. Even his girlfriend said it's kind of like, you know, like a little squirt squirt. And that's it. And that's too all. Like that. That's it. Roll over, go to sleep. Anyway, she says, was it poop on it plague? More Howard Dicking with the phones or Jimmy Danny and Ricky and Jay. I think about it when Chris and Darande is one of my to bet. Request, please play the bit that more I just did. There you go, Julia. Play the bad photo. See how my head over. See, this is, this is that movie with Barbara Stan where come tell you. Or was it your Crawford where they tried to drive her crazy. Gaslight. Was that the movie with them? Yes. Gaslight. That's what this is. It's a reprise of gaslight with Charles Boyet with that his name. Yes. And was it, was it? I don't know. I thought when I was like Barbara Stan died well, wick. She says, Matt, who says we want equipment on the dolphin just imagine trying Ricky in the same backfield. Cue goldies voice. Look out Troy, he's headed for your ass. And by the way, I want to say this. Okay, we try to get a hold of Boca and Boca Brian and Eric and both their phone numbers have been disconnected. They've both left town. So you suckers out there that try to buy that CD. Good luck to you. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Hey, I'm not good. Look, are you thinking about it? Take the grief for that crap? I can't involve that with the best of intentions. And then they leave me holding the sack. El sack. Let's get some food in here. That might make me feel better. You do that or real sick. It's a little both. We're called. I keep you feel better. Yeah. Both. Here's Brian longtime fan who says, glad to see you back at the evening. By the way, some people probably would wonder, how come you were or you're may believe Jack at last night. I'm not that this thing in the dry. That's probably because my may believe Jack it is in Toronto. Where, belong, say. Actually, where, belongs at the dry cleaner in Toronto. Which you will go. But then don't have it. So I couldn't wear it. Always wear my lead jacket. Probably even if we lose every game, which we're pretty close to it. National Airlines, somebody facet me this. Sees is operations very, very sad. Too bad. And this is, you know, why it's really sad because they were good. That's America for you. If something is good, they go out of business. If something sucks like McDonald's, they're making billions. That's America for you. Just like the election. Same crap. Not that we have anything good to vote for. But the worst it is, the more they like it, they want to suck it up. God. I think my liver is like going to fall out of my stomach from this smell. I think this is like industrial poisoning or something. I want everybody in the audience to write down the times and the dates. You can all be witnesses. I'll split the go the booty with you. We'll share the booty. Who's? It said it was one of the best games I've seen last two years. I'm still squeezing it. My free clicker too. Here's somebody else who's squeezing his goddamn free clicker. That squeeze mine too. If I could find out where the hell I stuck it. There it is. We may finally see the breakout you have been promised for both only in Victor. The paperless voices they've tried to trade Victor now. Too much money. Since they decided to leave their persons in locker room and take some shots. The first line was pretty good before the very big red member of a body. And a whole lot of hockey stuff. Did this and did that? Good luck to us. I'd love to show you. With them without the colors. That's the kind of like, that's the kind of guy we like right. He likes anything. I know a lot of guys like that. He likes anything. So what are you getting for food in here before we do the break? Let's worry about us today. Okay. I'm sick and tired of worrying about the audience and worried about this place and worried about the Greg Reed and worried about Moe and this one. Now let's worry about us just this one. God damn day. Now that the gas in me anyway. You know something. Maybe it's on the microphone. Because as I lean into the microphone. That's when it all over. It's also in my cup. Now I could take the air. It's a breath. It is not my breath. I don't have gas breath. I might have ass breath. But I sure don't have gas breath. Okay. It's in also in my cup. You think somebody put like poison in my cup? It's too late now anyway. I've been drinking a diet soda by the gallon since I sat down here like seven o'clock. Too late now if it was. Taste pretty good though. Diet right. That's because I don't have no, no beverages from your buddy. You know a p.d. Lenny that bull crap artist. I make the warehouse. I make the warehouse. What flavors do you want? Where where where did we get these people? Where did we get them off skid row or something? Man. That sales department. I wonder if that boy's looking so good now. And even he asked it. Ask him for a little stuff from the ratings. The only one we can count on is little Maddie Bell. He's a solid as a rock. When there's information for the ratings we want. Maddie Bell has got a for you. You're a good close friend. And quit talking about eating ass. 10 27 at 5 60 W to Q. I'm here something you can pop in your mouth. That's good for you. And believe me. That's not good for you. Trust me. You can't even begin to imagine the diseases. The. Anyway. If you want to put something in your post that's good for your health. Try old. Old. You made Mediterranean formulas or advanced combinations of pharmaceutical. Great. All of our with all kinds of good stuff in there. Did you call for food yet? With vitamins, minerals, herbal. Another in two nutrients. Well, I'm not going to let that go because you'll just forget about it. And then we'll get to be no. I want to know what. I don't know something something to eat. Scientific. The. I'm going to go back in here. Scientific. Scientific. Is out of provide natural nutrition solutions. To help you support specific health needs. Although fees that boring. I can't be bothered. Look for older. Weeds. New three formulas. They have one to help you sleep. One for weight management and coq 10. Great for your heart. By the way, that coq 10. Trust me. What I tell you. All using the benefits of the finest. Out of all you'll find anywhere. It's an outstanding exciting new product. And you'll find. Early. It's Oreo. That's one. 86. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 33. You can order their products online too. At only a minute. And if you visit your nearest publics and buy an old-year-old product in data Broward, you can get you a coupon for free Larry Coco Bobblehead dial. While supplies last. Don't forget to visit their sampling provided in sports. That every Sunday with the offensive plan home. Pick up some free samples of old-year-old product information as well. And for better health start pop an old-year-old in your post real soon. For 24-056, you a 2AM. For David's a bitch. Boxes together. We'd like your fuck you. Oh yeah. Boxes together. We'd like your fuck you. We'd really like your fuck you. We'd really like your fuck you. We'd really like your fuck you. We'd really like your fuck you. We'd really like your fuck you. We'd really like your fuck you. We'd really like your fuck you. We'd really like your fuck you. We'd really like your fuck you. We'd really like your fuck you. We'd really like your fuck you. We'd really like your fuck you. We'd really like your fuck you. We'd really like your fuck you. We'd really like your fuck you. We'd really like your fuck you. You're everything about your catalyst. To the bitch, you're a bitch. You want a potion? Three, wait, you're a bitch. You're really going to win. You're a bitch, you're a bitch. That isn't a big approach, but between your part. I'll set in taste like bubble gum. See you next time you need a story done. Since it takes a simple girl to make you come. Boxes news, hear the whole world. We'd really like your fuck you. Oh yeah. That's news and the whole world. We'd really like your fuck you. 33-5-60WQM-Happy Thursday too. We've got the mad dog on Hank is a three. Be no cook with Hank. Oh boy, five to six. We have no idea why. Shit goes pants on preview with six 30 panties to play the caps and wash them in that server clock. Eddie K from GA, 10 o'clock air after the hockey game. And, uh, what? ESPN radio again overnight. What is that all about? Thursday night? Could that be right? Are they taking vacation again like in parts? Like your colleagues here, huh? What is that all about? Well, what do we know? Don't ask too many questions, okay? Because there's a lot of important things going on. We know what tell they are, but there's a lot of important stuff going on. Foods on away from Tony's. Oh, that's a good news. I think there's like, oh, what's poisoning my cup, you know? Which sent him by the meat. As long as I finish the show. Here's a facts from water. What? That's all I finished the show. I was like, bro, I'm broke on here, although we would get, at least I get into paper that way anyway. All of the stuff that's been going on here. I want to say it again. I want to go on record is making very, very clear to show you what a bush league place this is. I mean, really bush league. All of the stuff that's been going on just on this station, forget about all the other stuff. There must be other crap going on in the market with something, you know, with radio. And even local TV, there's nothing. Absolutely nothing. So a little time, Ejica, you can have your make believe, well, let us to the, uh, some new, uh, news magazine. All you want, I don't really care. Because you just, you just fall down, you got your cooking schedules, and probably not even right anyway. I bet you if you want on the Sunset or website right now, you'd find a cooking show schedule on the Sunset on Tomzica. I guarantee you. During the next break, I'm going to check it out. Water and dear field beats is the following is a synopsis of a story featured in the latest mother Jones, and the original. Should the Pentagon be given the name of address of every high school student in America? Well, as David Goodman reports, that's exactly what's required by the president Bush's no child left behind that. Buried within the 670 pages of Bush's sweeping and education laws, a provision requiring pubic high schools to provide military recruiters with contact information for very student or face of cut off of all federal leave. You know what I think that smell is? Do you know that, uh, what do they call? Um, asked for a tame? Okay. That it's like, uh, like, got wood alcohol in it. It does? Yes. And I think maybe my diet right is like gamey or something. You don't want to mean? That could be. I'm serious because it's only like right around in here. It's not anywhere else in the room. You start smelling it. I started smelling it. I started smelling it. I started smelling it. I started smelling it. After you sat down and got all coffee. After I sat down, lifted one cheek. I started smelling real bad. It said the full context. What was I just saying? This is very important. Very important. Six hundred and seventy pages of Bush's sweeping away educational as a provision requiring public high schools to provide military recruiters with contact information for every student or face of cut off of all federal leave. Big brother is watching you. Okay. Are you idiotic. Goose step or is out there? The full context of the article can be found at, uh, and they doesn't say. Can be found at. It says, hi, the children were asked. But he had how about an all Republican offspring military draft water and do feel beat. When I was great water, but you didn't tell me where you find the full context. You let that blank. Get weathered water. Maybe it was excised from his facts. You think that's possible could be. 287 votes on a pool. Which of these are you the most ascere to have. The Republican take over 166. More Howard David is a hairpiece 90. Small pox 16. Anthrax 8. And Bobonic play. Seven. What about Asper team? I thought we had articles on that about the fact that there is wood alcohol. There is an Asper team. You watch we'll get a call out under two or three or not. You mark my words. And I think and you smell that you smell my cup. Yeah, that smell like was playing hockey or something. I mean, I haven't. Spire like 20 years. All the Jackson Brothers on this station would love a smell. Tragments cup. So would Ricky Williams. Wow. I should have played a trachment thing. And don't let me forget play a Troise Akeniness and the other. There's Troy may be coming. I noticed that Mo was trying to like play that down this morning. Like the mascot was the one. And let me say again John Ruth Ralph whatever he pronounces name the mascot that got canned by the Marlins. That's my guy from South Carolina that I had run Fraser bring here. I'll say it again because nobody else is gonna be any credit for it. So I'll say it. He got screwed over by the Marlins. Just like Joe Angel got screwed over by the Marlins. But keep in mind, John. Everybody who leaves comes up smelling like a rose because you wait to win to the Giants and they get in the world series. The mascot and Joe screwed Avobrine and John Henry and the rest of the freaking Marlins and all other stupid ass fans too. You people make me sick. Makes me nauseous. They could put a bunch of 10 year old kids out there with a jack strap on with Marlins uniforms under we still have a bunch of not many not many just like now we still have a handful of people going out there. We love them more than yeah right. Good. How are you kiddin David Samson? I think somebody cut his goddamn hair to short. And what happened to Samson? Yes. I think somebody took away his clicker. Flip. Flip. And I got it. 5 6 7 0 5 6 to you. I'm Tony. You're going to find out today about Asper team. Which I grew up by the good for you. Bad stuff in everything. Not good. You're going to die someday. God damn it. What's wrong with you? Crazy bastard. Try to tell what's good for me. Well listen. Of course nothing's good for it. I do like these new spots. By the way, the new Del Spots. He wanted to watch us. Steve isn't in a mess. Number. He's on this one at the end. I don't want kid would even be right there. Now he's goofy. But at least this kid looks good. You know what I'm saying? Second most hit. Right there. Yeah. Not easy. But there's no guy he dead. No, I don't know for that. You don't know. Don't be somehow respectful. I don't care whether they're stupid. I'm not going to buy a Del computer. I wouldn't buy a Del if they gave me one. And you wanted to know why? Because of the. Because of Steve. What I'm trying to see. There he is. Don't be easy. There he was again. I have to get him on. But at least I keep it at home. They're keeping him in quarantine. Because whatever he's got their freight. It's contagious. Like the bottom. And we're. Everybody in America's going to grow around saying, dude, you're getting a Del. Dude. Like I said in the beginning for about five minutes. He was amusing. That was it. In the end, when it. Cut it out. Like a big tumor. Say what that stupid lizard on the guy. Cows. Now I see I disagree. Everybody. I know things so spots are cute. I'm not all of them. But the one with little Chihuahua's cute. That one. Or he says, just what I need. A talking. Get go. The. The. The. The. I like the one with the. Because I like dogs. Now my dog went out this morning. And he. He was wrestling all around out there. And come to find out. He killed a mouse again. And I don't think they're ever going to stop playing that. And if that mouse had. Vancouver the roams that are infected. Theogram. I don't want to be the only one. Let me see. Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh. Oh, there's a stranded passive from ash interpreter line because. No. You know my wife and family are waiting for me in Miami and I have to report to work. tomorrow. So. and what like I said, what a shame they did such a great job. The service was great. The food in the first class was excellent. They flew nonstop, they left, they never laid left on time. They usually left like five minutes early if they had everybody on board. They got back on time, they were great. But that's the way it goes. America doesn't like quality. America likes schlop. They like cheap and they like schlop. That's why they don't give a crap about smaller class sizes. They just don't want to pay any more tax because they don't want to. They don't want to pay taxes in either word in this country in the United States. All the people like OJ come here to avoid paying tax and avoid paying leans. I think we ought to send billwriters outside OJ's house to sing Lee on me. Does that work with us still alive? As far as I know. Well, let's find out. 19 to 11 at 5. 60 WCM. We got lunch on away. It's a great Wednesday. I think we found the problem here. The root of all my carrying on this morning. Great Wednesday. What I say? It's a great Friday. You know what it comes to eating in good food. There are so many good restaurants to choose from. But if you're looking for the best Ellie in Miami, you bet it's her bets. Her bets has been slicing it and piling it on. Thick for over 30 years. Almost as long as I've been piling it on. It's New York style, Deli, and it's best with her bets homemade piece soup. Deli's daily special is in the best the strumming corn beef and brisket. And boy, there's nothing like mouthwatering brisket that melts in your pussy. Her bets has even got the pickles, co-slon, cucumber, shallot on the tables. Like they could all days before, the old Farts drove all those other delis at a business. Her bets was even voted the best breakfast and cheap beats restaurant on citysearch.com. And now's the time to start thinking about your holiday party needs. Her bets does a stupidest job of how they platters and catering for your family parties or at the office. Her bets has been servicing some of Miami's top corporations for years. Is that serving or servicing? They've been doing them. If you order an element in the yard, you'll show you'll get 10% off your holiday catering order. How can you beat that with a stick? Her bets you'll find them on 79th Avenue, just off the Palmetto spres way. You can call Greg a 305-592-7818. That's 305-592-7818. The best news is her goal of ain't there anymore. That's why they're a great place. Years ago, this used to be a sponsor. Mine was a guy named Herb goal of used to be at her bets, and I'm on a ton. I could email Todd Drex and like a wonderful guy. Anyway, call Greg at 305-592-7818. Hey, Greg, thank God Herb. Ain't there anymore. Reach him on the net herbets.com. The best deli in Miami, you bet it's her bets. My life and love all this is for sure you'll find it you can win anyway. Oh, what? Roll it. Roll it. We're in this quarterback, it's lonely. He likes receivers better-wise. Some people say that number eight is gay. Okay. They say true loves the big brown eye. Hey, Greg. He goes down on his music man. It's guys he likes the music man. He loves to slap cowboys on their behind. He's got a spotless reputation. America's team is world renowned. But his drug hate, I've heard some people say. You're in the heart of the equals down. Back down. Eight men. He goes down on his music man. I can some horse to squeeze like men. All right. Don't flip him cause he likes it from behind. You're in the heart of the equals down. In the heart of the equals down. Thumbs up for his music. He goes down on his music man. He goes down on his music man. He goes down on his music man. What is this woman dusty girl? Enjoy that baby crambers We're good, we're gonna find Anything I have to go But it's been to me my own This is my family And family, and number of us fall It's what holds up to pick the floor They're all badly You know, it's really good things Try to pick a baby Try to pick a baby Try to pick a baby Try to pick a baby Try to pick a baby Try to pick a baby Don't be picking on our good post Freddy Might be here someday soon Or not as a case may be Anyway, oh they're drilling again downstairs You know something this is a perfect day really is all the way around First of all, I'm getting poisoned and gas while I'm on here Now they're starting to drill downstairs again with that new madagod damn drill under my ass I mean what more could we have, you know Maybe you guessed appearance by Johnny Darkwood top of it off perfect Here's Walton dearfield saying the website about that full text of the bush draft article And about getting every kids a name, shoe size, etc Motherjones.com slash news What the Jones talk come Here you go You got mother Jones in there Most recent one Well, how do you like that mother Jones, how what was it? What was the name of the article? I don't know Something about bushes afanciest Well, just look at you find a lot of those articles and mother Jones Listener George says, Bill, whether this is very much still alive How do you like that? He retired from the music industry in late 80s saying that now he had a new daughter I had a focus on his life on that, etc Apparently he's also kicking around some ideas for new music Is I'm sure somebody's gifted Is he a simply can't turn off his muse But today nothing firm has been from variety magazine about firm So he's still alive Bill with his he wants to lean on you His what he said Isn't that what James Baker said to him wants to lean on Jews? Phil and Carl Springs were in I did tell that was pretty sure was not Barbara Stamwick But I do like mentioning her name because then we can talk about her being a dick But it was not her in gaslight It was a good night It was in good Bergman. Oh Any good Bergman was no dice she was making illegitimate babies Yes, she was. Why the court was fashionable? Who cares? Well, they cared back then they weren't too fond of that But nevertheless it was a good Bergman not Barbara Stamwick Thank you so much Bill and Carl Springs Also Jack Faxes and says Gatsons been talking about leaving the dolphin connection Between that decision and mows in factuation Huh? Someone think about Chris and no rendez keep mow out of locker when we can't afford lose more players says Jack Thanks Jack Lot of open lines that at home. We're going to be taking thousands of thousands of calls between now one Are we I mean a whole crap load A lot of votes on that pull out to that. Maybe that's why they're busy 329 votes which of these idiom most scared of the public and take over 185 Should have also put draw on there too More Howard David is a hairpiece 103 got the article there you go Thanks Walton, however you were in the December mother Jones December mother Jones and even the article is one No child unrecruited Smallpox 22 Bombonic plague 10 and anthrax nine Number to QAM QAM Hello, you had a question on your website. It's always for George on your website. There's some pictures Of George and Joe and stuff and there's a picture two girls and one girl has his tongue stinging How to the other who is that? I don't know you don't know You know, I was in front of me. I could tell you who it was. There's a lot of pictures on there Yeah, but this is one very specific Well, call off the record Brian at home. He'll tell you. You'll also tell you when he's been a male out of the CDs Nobody got charged for those yet by the way I just mentioned that in passing but I don't want to get stuck in the middle of that And from this moment on I don't want to even know about it if they're peddling heroin on our website What do they want? I don't care. I just want to know about it. We got heroin 560 pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon line WQAM Hello So yes sir. Yes, Neil. Yes, I am. Okay Can I talk a little bit about the sparking situation you would talk about earlier? I'm on the road and I'm Yes, please please. I thought we'd be dead use because about that. Okay, as partying above 86 degrees turns to from out of height Ah, yeah, totally the smell like from out of height And from out of height converts in the body into formic acid And which is the same type of poison that fire and death Oh no And I'm going to affect us since I get home of actual with the article about the whole Whole situation with us partying which most of your died so to serve. Oh my god I'm sitting here drinking this by the gallon because I don't have any of my other stuff to drink because PD ladies align piece of crap I'm dying on the hair Yeah So that's pretty much it. I know we're getting ready to roll out another Sweetener to replace us partying I sure hope so. Thanks for the bad news Drink bring me some cheap flowers Thanks How do you like that? I'm going to die from because it's very possible this was stored especially it's been so good I didn't hot lately stored somewhere was like 100 degrees right? What temperature does it need to reach? 86. Oh Nobody just said let's in it starts turning to from out behind 86 I don't get down to the yesterday's the water down to 100 here So I'm sitting here drinking again. What did I say before I said it smells like among other things one of the things I'm I meant for a mouth of freaking high. I said freaking f enough from out behind he must be around that a lot What for mouth of hide to be able to pick up on this smell like that hang out a little I think that this these diets so does like he said the asper team I think especially down here see that's another reason not to be here because any place else it's not like so sweltering But here it's so hot in human it's like boiling the asper team into a virulent poison inside your body Oh see and you could smell it my cup right I could that's not Oh no even at aims would be embarrassed my cup is running over with poison And I'm gonna start I feel like I'm gonna start like having a bowel problems using bloody stools like what's his name? I think that's when he left here remember that I started talking and I didn't make that up either by the way That was where I foster who was running around everybody in building complaint that he had using bloody stools I mentioned on here it got all been out of shape And then of course he and OJ and the Peter or having a good time too 567 I want to see those phones start moving here. We got two hours to go here today new people are his dead as a goddamn door nail I should have known things have been going much much too well last couple of weeks things have been phenomenal And just like as always in this town it's as kind of comes back to a screeching God damn halt Just in the ass pretending thank goodness his last guy called it that phone should be smoking now in information from people in other God name asked for my elbow But nothing but me baby move, but I hope that's a soft photo sound man that drone That awful droning sound of death you can smell it. Maybe that's what I'm smelling In fact what are they in bomb people with from out of hide W to Q a m Oh yes sir It's funny that you mentioned this about the death that's for canned stuff Yeah, I was drink a diet quite last night I tell you I was wondering what the hell smells so bad and it now are you drinking out of the can No, it's out of a bottle I was drinking out of a can and it's the smell was all over my hand It was definitely that's what it was it's my like death Well, I think there's something going on here Maybe they can bury aside my side. It would be very emotional thing And you know what else I just opened up the magic marker maybe that may be my old factory senses are like I love this no, oh I hate it. Oh man, it's not a magic marker the Sharpie Oh, oh, I'm gonna die from a role my here today I'm gonna paint a Hitler mustache so I can smell it all day really Why is Bob bar here? Well, that's right. You don't have to paint one on him 1057 are starting to drill again downstairs There's everything that possibly could be like psychotic is going on this place today and of course it's appropriate it fits I want to tell you about a place that's not nearly so psychotic That's just like a great business that where they run it like a real business not like here And that's Brandy shoes at Brandy shoes you'll find sales people are very friendly and knowledgeable Who will fit your feet exactly with what you want and of course they got the top shoe brands in the universe of Brandy's and on beatable prices That's why number one they've been around so long and number two people keep going back over and over again They've got all the shoes you love they got rock ports S.A.S. Spirits timber the naturalizer and lots more And of course no matter how big or small your feet are because they have such a humongous selection almost guaranteed Whatever you're looking for is in stock in your size Brandy's open daily nine to line Sunday's 10 to five you'll find them at 1290 North Federal Highway and Pop and Obeach And don't forget all this week at Brandy's take you 20% off on all famous men's and women's voting shoes only at Brandy's this week and prestigious pop and Obeach My The ability to I think you out here right now take your goddamn teeth in Other crane monkey Yeah, I'm off to the skimming or Turkish sniff of that and he's just about gagged and the expert team too Here's a facts from Bill. It says not to scare you, but don't worry about the aspect temperatures 80 60 rees voting stored in the radio station As soon as you drink it or reaches 98.6 degrees And whatever happened to 98 degrees. Yeah, he got married a little bitch You're good friend Jessica So she's out of commissarculation now and so is he Small potatoes like Frankie potentially. She ain't no Brittany five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line on tremendous Thursday Let's get today the week right for starters, okay. My head has spin in from the ass for tame No, seriously, I've had that before where you've opened up a bottle. Listen, it's got that smell And that's because it's being stored in high temperature and obviously that ain't good for you Honestly unless of course you just want to sit around drink wood alcohol Like you know an alky We got a bottle of that Yeah, you can go on the bottle. Why don't you like take it second hand? What the hell am I gonna drink now drink gallons of that stuff all day long? W to Q I am Yeah, my point The similar to the fact that it just it just facts in you know I think that the from out of high guy may have been confused and Celsius with Fahrenheit Because if it's if it's a Selfie eight of the Fahrenheit yeah, yeah, if it's eighty six degrees Fahrenheit then then every package of sweet and low sitting out in an Outdoor cafe Without what kill you Yeah, and the fact from out of high two right Well, let me ask you something Celsius now what would eighty sixty reeds be Celsius? Uh, a hundred is boiling so it would be Thirty thirty three I think is body temperature So you know, you know, you know, I don't know if you could figure it out from that. That's good. That's very good. You think other that's less than I had was the other thing Do you hear anything about the the girl from Fox News who called up the other day? Do you hear anything about her? Yeah, I mean it was actually a right wing bitch Now there's no follow up. I mean nobody watches Fox News so there was nothing to follow up If anybody watched it there might have been but nobody watches that crap There are no only people with hoods on okay have a great day just like Don I was said only they ought to be wearing sheets over there That was a great line coming from him from an old crusty right wing curmudgeon like him Five six and Bob said it's gonna be a rough goal. I think we may have to play. I may have to play this What's your name? Andrew and her. Andrew and her. Andrew and her. Andrew and her. What's your name? Andrew and her. I just heard a lot of them. Go on, get from two. Two. Where are you? There's no one in the sky. Oh, man. Good, midnight. Beatboys, QAM. You know the lowest temperatures recorded. It's been a good old USA this morning was 13 degrees below zero on a horton name. Woo! That's cold. Good night. So hi yesterday was 92 recorded that McFallon in Texas. Heavich and now 74 in South Florida not a clown in the sky as far as I can see on the beat. Beautiful day. Sunshine. A high expected 78 degrees 9.23 in the morning. Change's Albert Dunlap. QAM. Remember when the Beatles came to Miami? It's been a long day this night. That's he. February 13th. 19th. Well, there's a goal. And QAM was there. The Beatles. I can't play anymore because it's too distorted. QAM Dunlap, he's dead by the way. Did you know that? I didn't play anymore because it's too distorted. QAM Dunlap, he's dead by the way. Did you know that? Yeah. He's a tiger. Jam Dunlap. He's a very delicious. And you can work at WQL. I'm actually sitting right in this chair. So, not. But sounds good anyway to say that. Yeah, can you believe this station used to be like a real powerhouse? Like a real radio station? I remember. Wow. Those are pretty exciting days. In fact, those are big shoes to have to fill. You know what? That's a try to be like a real radio station. Are we a real? No, no. We're just a whole house. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, I mean, for right and spots for national airlines. What does that tell you about this place? And the best part is we'll build them for it. Of course we won't get paid. But you can be sure we'll build them for it. So the water not sees on the case about that asshole. Drullin down there against and you know how it stopped? Don't mess with our station. He's just down there. Give him one for. See, he's really good for that. Bitch in people out. That's she's good for two things basically. And well, three things. Conserving water. Number two. Bitch in people out. Number three. Like a spy work of an unahallway. Who was the one that did that cartoon in Mad Magazine? Spive versus by Don Martin was at who? Very good. No way. Don Martin was the other guy with the other. Who did Spive versus spy? I think it was some spec. I don't know. Oh, some spec did that? I don't know. A spec in Mad Magazine? Oh, I think you're right. Who did you QAM? Good. Have a happy belated birthday there. Thank you so much. Hey, um, my Saturday. So give me a tint at instant. If you could. Your birthday is coming up this Saturday. Yes, sir. Well, in that case. Thank you very much. You're welcome. I have a couple of things. My wife drinks to have that. That's a happy. Stop. Right. Thanks, Royale. Thank you. I'm her first thyroid. Really, really nice. I wonder if anything to do with it. Huh. And the other thing is, did you say that Mo did the locker room show last the game? That's what it said in that facts. I didn't say that. I was going to say, because if you kicked Manage out of locker room, Royale. No, no, the man dog is still in locker room. I said, I think it said Mo was hanging around in locker room after the game. Oh, I believe that. Hey, one last question yesterday. You're running Chris yesterday. You played, uh, harm and bear being American or something like that. Yeah. All that was too great. Where can I get that? Is that on Boca Brian saying? Yes. Yeah. It's on the one that went on the next scam. We got coming out in the next week. No, is it? Is that really on Mo? I'm going to give you the address. Just send Brian a hundred dollars. Maybe he'll send it to you. But I doubt it. Thanks, Bill. Have a great day. Bye-bye. Yeah. That's a good scam. Just send us a bunch of money. We're not going to give you anything back. But just send us a bunch of money. And see if we send you something. Ha ha ha ha ha. I think we got the best scam go. Just send us some money. Maybe I'll send you lucky charm. Huh? Totally beggin. Yes. Actually it's not. Is that a big job? Oh, please help me. You're stupid. A ph maple. Unsprick? It's as predictable as the weather and god damn Alaska and in South Florida You just know it's gonna happen these people. Oh look at this the markets coming back things are gonna be great I'm not blaming any of the Republicans though man the Democratic Party sucks and you know his Gebhardt is out and this one is out and Poe and Florida he's out and because they know that they're a bunch of idiots All my head dude was just say anything rational. You know what I'm saying? All they headed to his conduct themselves like they had some clues some alternative just like I'm gonna sew it all They headed to his pretend that they were really grieving and not just salivating at the prospect of you know maintaining that Senate seat which they lost But thank god for what was the name tin Johnson was that the guy's name or Don Johnson in South Dakota Talked one by like 500 votes and they were getting me a nervous about that But I thought to myself well, you know with a few number of people I haven't South Dakota 500 votes ain't that small of a margin when you consider 500 votes elected the last president They did Supposedly That was the margin in Florida right? 530 some of bogus votes not to mention the 20,000 they didn't count Hey, let's not don't look like I said don't blame any Republicans, okay? They're good goose step and folks out there. They're very happy today and you know you just act like a real Sport you say good job well done Congratulations to you we're leaving but you know have a good time We're leaving it not coming back but have a great time Why if you're a lot better now than I know it's the expert time Are you still breaking it Look if it was gonna like kill me or make me wild You know it would have been drinking it since seven o'clock this morning in his chair right from this bottle Well, of course the bottle was new or but it preserved it. I don't yeah, it wasn't if it's Well, so maybe that's why you have that youthful look Hey, I got news for you mister What you thought I was being sarcastic. I thought you were being sarcastic In fact, even my mother who's the most sarcastic nasty hateful person next to yours She said the other day she was saying nobody would ever believe you were 60 and that's true I don't look 60 no you don't I if I told you are like 53 you say okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah, what about a nine bar that? I'm 53 anybody believe it or too late What what difference does it make? I mean like man maybe Moist 53 maybe you see it maybe it's reverse Maybe he just had a rough life. Maybe that's why it looks 66 He's 60 something Take it to the bank he has 60 something I don't know what goes after the 60. I'm thinking it might be yeah, I that I'm not sure 10 past 11 at 5. 60 WQ I'm not telling you one thing I am sure oven at his dollar Maclus is sensational. I love him because when your mattress gets nasty and lumpy and not comfortable to sleep on anymore And it may be even smells bad. Oh, maybe that's for maldohide in there Here's the answer for you pick up your instrument see there. I go I can't stop doing it. Don't pick it up Just look at your phone and call 1 800 mattress 1 800 m T T R E S I'll get you in touch with the bedding experts at dialometres and they'll hook you up with the best all around daily everhood of in your life First of all you select in it brand brand name they got the best in the world Sort of silly Simmons King Coral and then you pick the to our window for delivery when it's convenient for you any day seven days week Like let's say Saturday between one and three would be good for me because I'll be home well there you go That's when they'll be there not cut on the door taken away the crappy old smelly bedding and setting up the brand new I hope the old bedding isn't too smelly because they will talk about you and they give it that 30 in home Comfort your NT to try your new mattress up to 30 days to make sure it's the right one for you in your back So if you want to start getting a great night sleep night after night after night and spite of those awful rodents that are crawling around with that disease call us toll free number 1 800 mattress 1 800 mATT RES or check them out of the web if you prefer at mattress dot com You fudge back Hello on fan and I'm Larry and we're the freezer fairies for Santa Larry's ice cream What's new on the freezer front Larry? I've come up with a great idea Ice cream parlor fresh packed san and Larry's ice cream right now. I'm hand packing some fudge brownie vanilla fudge swirl and double Dutch fudge So what you're saying is your fudge packing stop it If there's nothing like fudge brownie that's hand pack and there's nothing better than having your fudge pack by a professional fudge pack Or you can say that again. Well, I'm not going to but do you have any fudge nuts sticks back there? I just like the whole one for a while So get yourself some senon Larry's hand packed fudge. You'll love that. I know I love a good fudge packing You are so bad Gabe I've no idea of our good friend out front real screamer 11 15 at five 60 speaker then it says thank God look how big the British on this facts Thank God that extremely painful National Airlines bubble eventually go away in a virtuous human's voice Grab your pole tight now. We'll be hips back and forth side to side It says I love time is a musician belitting to his voices like listening to fingernails on a chalkboard across between Richard Simmons and God who does the gay Ken bit and that spending we just spent in Larry We just played I guess Okay, there you go. So the National Airlines spot you won't be here and I did not have anybody cry coming across it out or is it not on him? It's crossed out It was gonna be on this hours of matter fact gonna be but won't be but won't be what is shame? Like I said they did a great job at it's Hell of a shame of course they didn't fly to that in any places, but you would think and you know what else really hurt him bad was 9 11 Had already been not just hurt him all but especially when Vegas is your main destination look what a hit Vegas took Because people were terrified to fly and of course unless you run a west coast Vegas is so goddamn far from every place else Which is why it was so great instead of all those stops and Dallas and here and many other places Like Southwest I hear it's a great airline, but you have to like you know make 85 stops from here to Tampa and by the way I want to make an announcement right now drum roll I'm not drinking after I'm finished with this bottle because it cost about 99 cent I'm not drinking anymore diet so whatever again. I'm with you. What are we gonna drink? No, I'm not serious like because this is like Does he roll over again? This is more time I've had this experience where I get that formaldehyde smell and we were freaked out about saccharine Remember like sometime you'll open a pecanidide so it ain't like oh man you'll think what tell us that Although it is good it saves on funeral expenses though because you do get in bomb from the insides kind of like our former program director At the other station, but at any rate 560560 pound five six speaking of our former program director and a sharp revuff of the drug reform movement Nevada voters refused who did make their first state the first to legalize possession of marijuana I wanted if we ever get to story on this or not and before measures also failed and Ohio and Arizona This back-ass backwater country of yours Federal and state law enforcement official teamed up to opposing Nevada measure which would have legalized possession of up to three ounces of pot and they said no no No way Jose, baby that wacky wicked weed. We want to put your ass in jail. That's what it's all about It's never one of the In Florida as we know voters approved the sweeping ban on smoking arrest routes and virtually all the workplaces It's gonna save lives at Martin, Lars and Chairman of these smoke free for health campaign and gonna chase away tourists also by the way Smoke is also where targeted in Arizona where voters approved an increase in cigarette taxes from 58 cents to $1.18 a pack Is that kind of like what Bill McBride wanted to do here? Right, so maybe it wasn't such a bad idea if he wasn't such a mugwamp pretty weak campaign there bill Pretty weak How did we ever get sucked into supporting him in the primary any because he wasn't jabbed? He wasn't Janet he wasn't Janet well she would have taken a real woping And liked it up whipping and liked it in Tennessee and North Dakota voters appropriation of a state lottery That's a milestone for Tennessee which had been only one of three states along with Utah and Hawaii without legalized gambling See Hawaii does need gambling The results in Nevada Arizona highway blow for a national lines of drug reformers for the first time we were up against the full way to the federal government said Bruce Merkin I wonder if he was smoking when he said it spokesman for the marijuana policy project and never for moment believe this was gonna be easy In recent elections voters in several states had approved the use of marijuana we need for our medical purposes and treat Treatment instead of jail proposals were approved in Arizona 96 California two years ago But in Ohio governor Robert half to most of the criminal justice establishment campaign vigorously against the proposal It would be a mess said peaches Johnson of Las Vegas. It's permission to get high. Oh No Well all I can say that is peaches I want to see skin to peaches taxes 567.560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon marvelous line What time is that goddamn lunch kid in here already anyway? No seriously and I We wired people just foaming at the mouth about this damn thing with aspirate him forget about all the time See that's a good marijuana's illegal. It will not kid ya Asperate him is legal and believe me there plenty of us who are starting to really wonder another was the caffeine that was ripping my guts out Well, it's the Attach pertain See it's okay to eat ass, but yeah, ask pertain. That's a different story. Okay. That's where you really went wrong down the wrong road So to speak Where you took a turn for the worst No more aspirate no more diet sodas in fact When I get back here one of these days I'm gonna like ordered like cases and cases a good bottle of water Fizzy and unphizzy and whatever and how with all this other crap all this other stuff is crap. You know and let me give you an example a classic example You know all those damn Sorbetol and multi-tal artificial sweeteners tear your guts out tear your guts out That's the goddamn truth and especially if you have like an I'll give you a perfect example Monday night So I go over to the track to meet Derek over there for like you know a little plunge, Simon casting and I stopped at Echords and you wonder what I had to pick up that I was out of a thousand and because I had to bring it in here the next day Diet soda So while I was there I Hate to admit I've ever went in the records because I hate them. I bought a thing of Walgreens of breathments Sugar free of course right and I ate them you know you just sit there and you peel the roll and you wind up eating them yeah, yeah, me. Oh, there's not much to them I'm gonna tell you something Before Derek every even got there Even Beethoven never saw so many movements It is life just tore my guts out I was eliminating things for my body that ate 30 years ago Just talk about a cleaning out and a painful one. I just See what I'm saying are the fateful sweeteners again tear your guts out Went and doubt troll him out go to your go to your refrigerator right now Take your diet soda's and troll him in a trash troll him in the dumpster poor among the rats in the backyard do something with him Give it to my little dog anything I'm I'm sure you're my gonna take this and pour it out right now right on the floor And that'd be good idea. Well, huh? No, because then I won't have anything right. Well, God that's so late. It's fact I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna smith can it right out Well, I got that slowly and they're all the way to the flat. It's flat. You know without the bubbles. No, there's something in there That's what that is one gosh. See it is see. I don't think so I think you're full again I said that I think I'd drink the last cold word. No, I think it's a pigmented of diet soda. Make sure you sound my guilty You see what I'm saying and of course if I pass out you want to put to the healing with the diet soda Oh, thanks for the balloons again flow Oh, you're right that makes you light head. It does What it's not reacting with anything because it's an inert gas. Yeah, I got an inert gas for you. Okay. No, that's not a nerd That's very nerd So no more diet, so to see every out of every bad experience you can make something good. You know, it's like working here Nobody Q. I am Yes, sir. Good morning. The deal about as per king is actually a hoax I mean, I don't know how it's reacting with you with the stories and how deadly it is. Yeah, there is a website Snopes.com S and OPES Every rumor every question you ever had about No, no, but the thing about the what alcohol? Those not a not a farce. I'm not reading it on the net. I mean, that's in nutrition books over that No, I understand except for they they have just proved a lot of this stuff where the stories of the people are telling you If you just check out Snopes not necessarily on as per day, but it's interesting Oh, yeah, I don't want you saying effort that's yeah, it's all kinds of tales that but have you have you ever do drink diet soda Yes, I do and have you ever open up a bottle of a can of it and smelled that like kind of like a strange from alba hideease Yeah, actually more with cans. I think it's a Aluminum off of him can do what I think it is There was no aluminum in my bottle of flavor at least not when I opened that All right, thanks for the good news Bottoms up while he listened to just give it away if he is there room. Oh, where the hell is I can't find my hole? Oh I can find my hole. Oh, so I'm gonna pass up from this. This is not good I should I'd love to do the whole show like that one day if see if only only could do that without and then we could also like guilty Oh, seriously, then he wouldn't be so conspicuous by his squeaky voice cuz we'd all sound like that It would be like if everybody looked like Tom Brady There wouldn't be any good looking people or any bad looking people that we'd all just be generic I see that's often a rationale when you're really ugly like some of us is that if everybody looked great Then nobody would look great to us because Tell them what I'm saying In other words, if every steak was a juicy beautiful ribby every steak in a world you see what I'm saying right Then there would never be a great steak because every steak would be the same there would be bad steaks like if you found a piece of Chris But if some steaks taste like crap then then there has to be everything is relative to everything else is what I'm trying to say It's just like they showed today. This show is not great because I've been sitting here sniffing Gloop sniffing gloop Is the matter of fact I should have followed the lead you know the same I Should have followed my my good post personal friends lead. I picked the bad date of quits nothing glue No, I think you picked the right demo 393 votes which of these are you most scared other show has not been one of my favorites today because I'm in coherent from the guy damn from Aldehyde Sounds fine for what it's been but everybody wonders what are you talking about? I'm not a hypo conrack. All right, in fact. Thanks to my friend Dr. Hamft I'm serious I would like to build a monument to that lady. She's done wonders for me Would my sinus thing you notice I'm not like coughing and get you remember that period of time for you My renermans Gating and choking and puking and coughing and you know, which is bad enough ordinarily But we just didn't try to speak for four hours doing a guy to make believe radio show and Like that like over an Amsterdam And let me tell you little one one other thing When they were doing some work on my satellite dish, I don't want to say put in another one But when they were over and Amsterdam this past summer and they did some drilling and of course they had it Remember I had another receiver put it down in my studio so I could pick up MSNBC or Fox or whatever was Fashes news network while they drilled and of course that all the house with them in those houses over there are hundreds of years old And so all the dust in the mung went in there and like you know, and then the next Probably that's that's just yeah, and I'm not even that forget about long before they were invented this best It's a mineral it's been around forever before they discovered it. No seriously. It's just it's Shmoots is what it is I just my landlord I said what is all that crap floating in the area he said schmutz my anti-Semitic landlord 27 after Olivia yeah, I don't want to go into it. I'll tell you out here 27 after 11 at 5 60 WQAM He just like a lot of the Dutch people okay? They're like they pretend they're not Germans, but never less they're close by Let's face you to be hearing about fast-range for a long time I wanted to make sense for you the facts are simple if you've got the dedication fast-ranking Help you get the necessary training to become a certified computer professional as they say in Holland a real Munch according to Tom magazine that a man for computer professionals is going to continue to grow which is good news for use The average student completes the training in just four short months attending school three nights a week Once you complete your certification fast-ranking and up you and getting a brand new computer job Past-ranking advice you to come in visit their train career counselor and determine which track is ideal for you Maybe it's pop at a park maybe it's Gulfstream Maybe it's Hollywood dark track Call fast-trained toll free at 1-866 fast-trained a setup and appointment and don't forget no matter where you live It's convenient for you because they have four easy locations They're in Kendall Miami, Pembroke Pines and for Lauderdale So like I said there's boundary one close to where you live don't forget when you're there to ask the career counselor for List of students just like you work early in their dream jobs. Thanks to getting great training at fast-trained Call them to get all the info. There's their obligation call 1-866 fast-trained That's one 866 fast-trained or check them out of that wicked worldwide web. Be sure and Tom Todd Rectordy get in touch by the way. They'll laugh their ass off that website by the way as fast-trained.com Blow too much you're in trouble When I was back in college man will I found myself a word and it was the first time that I ever paid to score Well she took one another what was on your body's horse and she laughed at the thing in her face That she said that's lame I got ran him shame there goes my last Okay Like a five- 솔직 There goes my last knee change. 1133. Look at this. Somebody sends us his resume. Somebody Charlie from Homestead. I thought this was a joke. My boss is an asshole. I'm looking for a real job. I can do anything here. My references and my resume. Honey, like that. He's looking for a real job. Yeah, that's why toward this. That's why I'm tearing it up Charlie. He's going to hate me for doing that. I'm doing you favor. I'm doing you the biggest favor I possibly could you to my anything to do with this place. Believe you me. I wouldn't hire anybody to become work in this joint. This is the most insufferable. 417 votes. Which of these are you the most scared of? The Republican take over 230. 230 people are crap in their pantalones and hanging onto their passports and squeezing a real tight. More Howard David is here. P133. Smallpox 33. Newbondic plague 11 and anthrax 10. Should also put on their aspirate. They're not all that concerned about this. You want to know why because we all drink it by the gallon. Right. It reminds me of you and the French fry thing. You know, no confuses for the fangs. Look at this. This is more Charlie's resume. What are you? Look, I'm doing a guy of faith. No, I know. I'm just amazed. I don't even want to look at it. Charlie, forget about it. Please, I'm begging you. Just immediately, if not sooner, dispense these grotesque ideas from your nimble mind. WQIM. Yes, sir. Good morning. Winner's to you. I'm delighted. Happy birthday. Thanks. Two things. There's a website doorway with one O, DORWRWAY.com. They'll give you the entire story of our as per team got on the market. Got stuck on. Yeah. The FTA panel that this didn't want to get it on the market. Then head of the FTA approved it and then the next day quit and went to work for the company that makes it. I like that. I'm dying of it. Secondly, the kill on this. There's a soda on the market called diet right or IT. That's what I'm drinking. That's what I drink. I had that side just too out. Doesn't have as per team. What is it having it? What is it? What is it? Splendor. Oh, that's even worse. I think. No, it isn't. Well, I'm that's what I'm drinking. I've been drinking for a while. Yes, diet right. RIT. RIT. Right. It's made by Dr. Pepper. Dr. Pecker, you know. Yeah. Yeah. But that doesn't have as per team in it. Well, whatever it's got in a man, it's felt like what I have called him. He's just like, for my own. It doesn't have it. No. It's probably a big bottle. You know, the big plastic. That's what I just threw out. That's what I've been drinking here all morning and a big, big, big, two liter bottle. Well, it says no less for 10 minutes. I don't care what it says. I'm just telling you my friend it's spelled like for my own. I never did it for me. Well, it has for me. I mean, I thought I stored in my, uh, can you remember? No. Next to my oven. Oh, I ain't your oven. Next to my oven. I see which I never used anyway. Well, I'm going to I went to the website. If you go to that website, doorway with one of those, there's one been up in Georgia that runs it. The name is Betty Martinez. You should've been trying to get the stock. You can get Mr. Martinez. I don't know. Okay. Thanks a lot. Thanks. Have a great day. I'm I'm pouring this out. I don't care what he says. He sounds like a nice guy means well, but I poured it out because I found that you're right. I got the lightly sparkling. The frisante. Yeah. So late. Got enough of that to last me through the rest of the day here. Oh, do you hear the bubbles? Can you hear that? It sounds almost like elk elkie sulcer. Excellent. Dress some good Bob water. Okay, I'm putting that poison in your foot. It's tear your guts out. It's tear. It's killing us over here. And what I got, I mean, I've had some before they had a like a trace of that, but I have a duty to smell the stench of formaldehyde. I thought for a second there that more left his bag in here. Something like that. In fact, you don't maybe that was what it was. Good to be. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T line. WQAM. Hello. Hey, Neil. Good morning. Yes, sir. Hey, I did a search for that on the web. And I found a website that basically tells you everything you need to know about if you if you cure it. Look it up. What is it holisticmed.com slash as pertain. Okay. And if you read some of the links there, you will after the show is over. You will go see your lawyer and get your affairs in order because they've got this stuff linked to every known malady there is. I mean, every. But they even got a as pertain victim support group if you can believe that. Okay. I'll check it out. What, what were you drinking again? It's got it in. But diet right. It's got splendor. This guy says. Oh, okay. But do you think it's as pertain? No, I believe him. I'm in fact, I'll look into the bottle again. I threw it in the trash ball get it out. But regardless of what it's got in, it's it's smell that had the distinct smell of what alcohol. You know what it's. But there's like a pain thinner. There's also a link on that page that that tells you all the products, all the companies that use that's pertain. Yeah. So I mean, I'm trying to tell you. I'm obviously not doing a very good job is with or without as pertain. There is something in these diet sodas in some of them that turns to what alcohol or whatever. Well, that the. When I was poking around on that site also from our. The. The words from our life popped up, but it didn't have chances. Uh huh. Okay. There you go. But if you go to that site, holistic. Maybe it's, you know, you know, it's okay. Thanks. I'll check it out. Thank you. Any in pepper pizes, sweet and low has no ass pertainingity to does that right. So the. Mon Santa, the creator, Raspir, tame advertising lobby against sucker and sweet and low. Same that if you fed it in very large quantities to rent. They got cancer during the Gulf War. Diet soda with asked for tame was air drop into the desert. It got our boys so sick. They blew them some possible poison gas. They had a gas all right. That was from the ass. Gas from the ass. For tame. And if there's anything that's deadly, I want to know, that's what the guy in the second floor told me that day. Said if there's anything deadly, it's gas from your ass for tame. Remember what I dropped out on the elevator? And I said, I'm in a fog. I remember that. Like it was yesterday. Never saw that guy get by the way. Never saw him no more. So either he's walking up and down the stairway, or he just didn't make it didn't survive. The blast from the past five, six, seven, oh, five, 60 pound five, 60 on the AT&T and four, five, and five six, uh, five, and five five, five, and five, and five, and five, and five, and five, four, and five, and five, and five, and five, and five, and five. Let's go. And we're going to be along at one. These people don't believe me. You want to know why? Because they just liked you with the french fries. They don't care. Oh, no, I know it, and I believe that you just know care about it. It's like me with an ice cream. I mean, I know I'm diabetic. My blood sugar this morning was 99. That's wrong with that. Nothing. And I had a check and drumets check and drumets right at and rate the trouble deep fry front of the buddy Wayne Arnold you know that huts and sticks is toes in the batter is that you know that's the secret idea secret juicy stoss a stoss from Wayne's uh... toes twenty-two noon at five five sixty wq a.m. here's something you can put in your mouth we know it's good for you there are too many good things and it's called olio med olio med mediterranean formulas the advanced combinations about standing amazing pharmaceutical grade olive oil with vitamins and rules and other nitence each one scientific design to provide a natural nutrition solution to support specific health needs no expert amen olio med by the way that's a good news look for old you might three brand new formulas they have one help you sleep one help control your weight and co-q ten for your heart argues in the benefits of the finest and purest olive oil that money can buy if you want to pick up some old you might a day of fine and all over town and publics and records and wall greens if you want to get more information first call their tool for your number to find out what it does and how it does it for you call one eight six six oldio med that's one eight six six six six five three sixty sixty sixty three you can also order their products online their website is olio medamerica dot com and please don't forget to visit your news publics and vinyl you meant product and data-brower you can get yourself a coupon for a free larry co-carbobble had now was supplies last what would life be without one of those don't forget to visit their sampling for it in its fourth time every Sunday with the offensive playing home games and pick up some pre-automate samples and product as information as well start pop up as a minute of post real soon for good health only all men mother fuck up on my slacks at night for a snowy princess clatchin a morning the security officers observe and this writer removed a sensor manic tag for her the security tag and then she was a third police store without pain for the item well browsing side and closing doors and pros time and time again you guys still is wrong there's all kinds things for her to sleep can she pull off a set of china play all the charges will be dismissed when shopping's over she's longing to escape and bending over from the way so grab more closer stop a wonder your a knew Okay, there are plenty of seconds on it. I don't know where I'm going to show it. I'm right around here, and I still don't care. I thought maybe I'd care a little bit after I played those second times. So we got the diet right thing out of the waist basket. It says in a back carbonated water, caramel color, superlose, oh superlose. Anything that ends in OSC, multi-to-or-oil. Right? Yeah! Oh no! Superlose! It makes me pretty loose. It makes me pretty loose. Superlose blend the brand, a non-nututative swaner, gum, acacia, natural flavor, citric acid, and all kinds of crap in here, okay? Throw it out. There you go. Right on your old smitter. Thanks for the way to a good friend, Brad, over to Tony's pizza. 100-90 seconds on Earth West. What is it? 100-90-3 Earth West, second Avenue. Right. Great stuff, man. I'm going to eat the toppings, by the way. Let's see. Somebody also facts me what's in it. About zero calories. Well, I'm great, and I've been drinking it by the gallon for years, because it doesn't have caffeine, and supposedly it's better for it than all the other crap and I'll find out that it smells like a crap. Smells like I've done formaldehyde in there. We could have been bomb this whole building. We could have been bombed most hairpiece in there. 5-670-560, pound-560 on the AT&T and Verizon line. W-W-W-M. Q-W-M, hello. Go on. I should have known after go to that hockey game last night. I mean, the crowd was, you know, not sensational, but it was adequate considering what they've been doing. But there's just something about this town, man. There's this death. You can smell it. W-W-W-W-W-W-W-M. Jump up! 5-670-560, pound-560 on the AT&T and Verizon line. W-W-W-W-M. Hello? Yes, sir. Hi, this Bob Weaver. How are you? Hey, Bob, how are you doing? Okay, I listen to the reason I call, I was listening and I wanted to wish you a happy birthday. Yes, you're right. I'll tell you something, but I couldn't get through. Yeah. You were loaded with phone calls, but I didn't want to let the year go by. We're not wishing you a happy birthday. Well, thank you, Bob. You're a-we're not getting any younger, are we? Uh-huh. Ha-ha-ha-ha. Well, anyway, I like you go on with your business, but I hope you had a great birthday and you're still the best. Thanks a lot, Bob. I'll talk to you. And say hi to our mutual buddy Bob Meher. Okay, I will. Tell him to quit some on so many phone books. I will. Okay, take care. Take care of yourself. You too. Okay. Yeah, sure did a job on my buddy Bob Weaver, but it's a-the-channel, didn't-but. He continues to roll him along. 560, 050, 050, 050, 050, 080, 080, 080 and 080 and 080 and 011. Good piece of the day, baby. And I'm-I'm-I'm washing it down with so late. For a-isante. Kung-gaas. Kung-gaas. I'm telling you that stuff is poison. I'm sure. I mean, if you had a choose between eating like, you know, Nestle's turtle ice cream or drinking a bunch of diet soda. I'd rather die from the ice cream, at least a taste-grape. What if you made yourself a nice float? No. Not even a float. Hot parts Sunday. Yeah. Not a float. Like a root deer float. I love root deer floats. Yeah, now that-now I think of it. That means who I am? Hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, hi, I'm sorry to-but you're-I'm happy birthday. Thank you. I have a question for you. I heard about a diet called a cookie diet. And I cannot find any information on that. Have you heard about that? The cookie diet? Yes. It's not regular cookies. It's supposed to be some special diet cookie. And I've heard a few people mention this to me, Rachel. Let me have word cookie. Yeah, yeah, it's a card-safe card-more cookie. You cut them over the cookie cutter. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. The cookie diet. WQAM. Hello, Neil. Yes? How are you today? Okay. Listen, I'm a Miami Rift grad for American Airlines, and I got a Vakers update. Yeah? We are starting a nonstop, they get, uh, because national went down, down the two. You're going to be going nonstop? Nonstop, at least one flight possibly two from Miami. All right. All right. Now is this a winter without the hangar needs? Uh, depends on who you fly. They just didn't have any help. Yeah. Hey, listen, I was in North Florida yesterday. I saw this testing billboard. Default coming back on the air. How do you like that? Default gets a billboard. He hasn't got 50 listeners. He's already back on here. She did. Yeah. I have to be an extra wife. I want to get that set face on their Jesus. Yeah. That's probably why they can't give you one. What's the answer to that? 80, 50, I never heard of it. I need anybody else. I'm a great deal. Hang in there, pal. I'll see you in row one eight. See you. See you in row one, eh. 560, pound 560 on the AT&T. And this is such a liturgic place, you know? There's no energy here. I realized that up until today, last 24 hours been very pleasant, cool off. And it'll be hot as hell again this weekend. That's what they're telling us. I should have asked Bob. We were about that, but he's already told us. liturgic. People's there there are attitudes have been fried. That's a good excuse to do to think. Sure. That's better than saying that people are much a dead head here. WQAM. Wook at a boooka. Okay. Thanks Mike. Maybe he's on a 52. WQAM. WQAM. WQAM. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. I don't know if anyone brought it up. But Asked for a team was developed by G.D. Seal. Uh-huh. And at the time that it was. I know the G.D. stand. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. Uh-huh. I know. I know. The G.D. stands for too. I got it. But the person who was CEO of G.D. Seal at the time that it was developed was none other than Don Rumsel. Mm-hmm. Yeah. As my friend I think I talked about that a few months ago. Yeah. And he knew. And his whole board knew of the dangers of it. Because they had already produced it and spent millions of dollars on it. They said the heck with it. They fired the guy who was the head of the team. And he found the problem with Asked for him and said send it out anyway. What does that tell you? Damn us. Stick with the water. That's right. Okay. Thanks. I forgot about that. Remember I had an article I talked about that. About that damn Rumsfeld. He does remind me of Heinrich Kimler. And those first days after 9.11 he was the one guy who sure had some of us buffaloed. Because he, you know, he puts on that act that Schmoozy act with a press and he jokes around. But coming to find out, you know, Hitler had a good sense of humor too. They tell me he was fun and departing. Well certainly, Gurbels knew how to crack a joke. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. See, there goes with that racial stuff here. And we'll all those cracks stories. WDQAM. Hello. Hey, the high doing. Pretty good. Well, I was listening to hear from higher Leah. All right. Second of third time call. Actually, I'm calling you an optician left for tickets or anything. I never actually thought that because it just opened up a ticket, and I'm just going to give you a high of Leah. And I went about maybe I think those two days ago had. I've always heard you talk about it. So I figured it is amazing. I have the turkey mill with the sticks and those sticks are good. So I got to thank you for your continued. You're the turkey mill? Yeah. I was, like, a 50 sandwich. I'm going to have to try that because their burgers suck. But I'll try the turkey mill. The shakes are worth going there. The shakes are amazing. But it's a steak drinker. But it was pretty darn good. And that turkey mill, you got to try that. Okay. I just want to call you to thank you on that. Thank you. and Amsterdam and all and the hours and hours of entertainment you guys put on. No, never close this thing that. Okay, thanks for the subject. Can I take a survey? Good question. Okay, see you at Westland. Okay, lower whole number two on the left. 5607050 don't be looking like you want information. That's a little code there. Okay, we don't discuss without you. 5605060, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Live. What is it good, yeah? Yeah, I know. Hmm. I'd rather eat this than do a show. What? That's an easy one. Yeah. No, seriously, I mean, it's good stuff. Thanks a lot again, Brad. Good guy over there, Brad. We had that picture of his little girl. Cute little girl. I want to do it to Father was. Hmm. I don't know. That one wasn't mine. Oh. WQAM. Hello. Hello, you? Yes, man. Hello. Hello. Thanks. And anyways, like him opened an idea of him driving here down bird road with this mini van in front of me. This is the Lauderdated Mini van. Yeah. That has the Jesus fish. Oh. The Jet Sticker. Oh. And to add in total injury, the anti abortion license plate. But any of them are play? I said that's terrible. Yes, it's horrible. And it's bird road. But anyways, all we're missing is for you to come out with your own new fish. With new written in it. Oh, yeah. We're coming out with a lot of products. bumper stickers, you name it. In fact, we go just walk the knees. We're coming on a ride now. Yeah. No. This is a cheap past station. I don't understand. Even Defos got a billboard. We got squad. Oh. Well, that's bad. It is bad. Well, we still take the money right to the bank. Yeah. Oh, yeah. That's a good part. OK. Well, enjoy all your traveling. I really envy you. And I do thanks a lot. OK. See you. I had some food, Miguel. And by the way, you don't feel bad with my soda. It was what's stuck. But you did smell the cup, right? He smelled my cup. I personally rather smell Tom Brady's cup. I don't want to smell anybody's cup. That's gross. That's nasty. Oh. Ah. Right in the middle of my lunch, no less. Maybe his cup run it over. Well, in that case. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Squirt Squirt Wireless Line. Four minutes till noon, we got to big 12 to one hour coming yet. Another hour this crap. And then we got Jim Mendes. You want to clock the man dog. He is like I said before. One in a billion after they made him that you hit a mold. We had a very brief conversation during a break here. So he comes in about a quarter to one to smooth a little bit. But during that minute or so, he's he's profound. He's right to the point. He's a philosopher. He's a little like I like it. And he knows something I take part of the credit for because he's adopted my philosophy. Me and Hank and Mad Dog. Neil, the Humper and the Mad Dog. We have the same philosophy, man. Just give us the money and we're as hot. That's all we want. We don't give it all. All the other stuff around his place. We don't care. I mean, we may put on a good act for you. Just give us the money we take it right to the back. Life is great. Hey, speak to that. You know, traveling can be very stressful. And I know about traveling. Believe me. Oh, especially when you get to the airport. You have to start looking for a place to park. And when you find what it's usually a long slept to where we have to go whatever terminal it is terminal the whole experience. But National Limus can change all of that. These people are really great. By the way, they'll arrive at your location on time in a great news to the end. Limousine van whatever you need to take you wherever you have to go. It's hassle free. National Limus don't want to take care of your transportation here. But anywhere in the world. So when you arrive at your destination, National Limus will be there waiting for you. Call National Limus at 1-877-376-336-3200. And if you don't like to find commercial airlines National Limus aviation department can arrange the safest private aircraft for your travel worldwide. For your sports fans out there, there's no better way to get to and from the game than one of National Limus super stretch on the scenes or luxury coaches. Well, everybody else is in their car fighting traffic and going nuts. If you're looking for a way to get to the airport, the game we're just a night around town called the People of National Limus, they're dependable they do a great job. 1-877-377-636-3200. Tell that Neil Tornado to call and get you sub-10% off on your first airport service or free hour of chartered limousine service. That's 1-877-377-636-3200 for National Limus. Why did local air sports radio 560-US? You a-yeah. But David, when I take my fell being, I listen to it in the arages 12-1 hour. Not George, because he's stupid. Goats. Soap's are real. And they exist. They're all around us. Some believe. I communicate with goats. How can they be explained? We don't believe in goats. I've only projecting their own desires. Where do goats truly live? All in the mind. What was that? What was why? Now, a motion-tech trailer will change your perception of goats. A whole"-335-435-500 Prophet Well-goats. Goats with sheep. Thanks for the memories, mom. It still 하면 low 9560-WO. It just fly down four to five. Come on eat the four five. Since all fat people they want everybody else to be fat just keep it mind your mind That's it everybody keeps shoveling down their push that's all got water around here by the end of the year We can all look like the beast Speaking of the beast how did that thing ever work out? I have heard nothing Troy was in here this morning Yeah, and did he say anything about the beast now and say a word about it Show anyway Hey, this is too good to be worried about the guy the inch okay That's another reason I can't be doing a show here. I have to be out of town in Toronto, Amsterdam Did you ever hear me here? You know here nope. No, first I won One time just at one time I had a slice of cheese in Toronto They don't remember. I wanted to remember. Oh, I say yeah, you're lying You're lying. We know we have that cheese. You were at her jump up a bit. I'll say cheese And for any two guys to be talking about cheese Speaks that's right. We got his cut five six seven oh five six of pound five 60 on a AT&T I'll take your word for an enborizing line WQAM What's on race to go via Maybe that was a governor calling into which we believe it happy birthday WQAM Yes Yes, man Yeah They're used to be a diet you ate five cookies a day They're like cookie waiters and they smell up real big and you're stomachs at the drink cool billion gallons of water That sounds like a really brilliant dive the cookie day I'm too different right when you were talking about throwing your drink some garbage Is there something new going on or did you read anything other than that terrible smell Is there some more stuff about it? No, there is no more stuff about it Just that I have read some nasty things about aspiratemen about these other artificial swaners and even though diet right doesn't have aspirateme When you open up a bottle of recant is some kind of soda or any beverage and it smells like For maldehyde, it's probably not the most brilliant thing to do with I did sit here and drink half the bottle and throw it away Yeah, I hear that that stuff When it's out throw it out Get you some good bottle of water get some heavy on some periase some Sanpela green or anything With that when it does toss it out Okay, have a great day Bye bye Isaac Smilivates does that sound like a wheel name? Sure, why not he says thanks for having night eye on a year for humans discussing a Concerns of aspirateme Here's the document I promise you discussing the problem with aspirateme. I don't see any document Our new product called sweetness is currently being tested by diabetic research institute promises to be a Superior sugar replacement with no harmful chemical or about about Isaac Smilivates sweeten to CEO Or that smile of it. I guess that's for real. I got a funny name there Isaac food baked that up and Smilivates that ain't so normally that that name But I don't see any there's nothing attached with his new information so maybe Isaac maybe he drank too much of that and just Fill on the flow 567 05 6459 votes on the pool. It's time to get it on which it is? Are you most scared of the Republican take over 252 55% are as scared and with good reason I should add Well how are dividends a hairpiece? 45 smallpox 37 who bonic plague 13 and last but not least with only 12 votes open up Hold on up the SN and track you got 12 votes. That's what they're scared of I'm just gonna keep eating. I don't really give a crap you Why would you stop you're not full yet are you? No, just started Just because I'm gonna be doing a show with my mouth full of a good pizza and I'm not eating the crust That's the only bad stuff for it. I got sausage on here Meatball you're shoving your sausage your meatballs little wine are you some sugar? But he didn't say nothing about you commenza You'll put onion your spaghetti sauce. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, that sounds really good. Maybe Martha's store would make it like that Are you gonna give the Cooking cooking tips? Oh, yeah, let's do time jick is cooking to have forgot to look that up the cooking shows. Tell you Q. I am Yes, I am national airline have you heard? Let me tell you President Lincoln's got a bad headache too, okay? Old news sir Old news get out of here old news Don't you love these people enough paying attention anything that's what I want to show how long We talked about national airlines closed down. I don't three. Oh God, sir. Got what up? straw you Maybe he was listening while I had my mouth full with food couldn't understand why he said it's waking up That's good, but he's not a bad guy. He meant well. He's just full of crap He's like most other people down here's way behind the time He's like the newspaper is that print the Articles like two three days later. You know the more you have avoid that come out And a tabloids that you pick up in your drugstore supermarket like a week after they come out everywhere else Even though they printed down here That really pisses me off. That's the reason that pretty soon. I'm gonna have to get out of here So I can go I can go to Toronto or Amsterdam. We get to table a sunshine So we can go back to table a two-sad love that stuff. It's good stuff But that's what happens when you're in South Florida or way into behind man way behind WQAM Yes, sir I'm a new caller okay Howard David is I call him you the day and He said it managed was this is no longer gonna be in the station. Is that true? No I hope not the guy the guy is awful What kind of jam? Howard David Mr. Moe Mr. Moe yeah, what sounds like a little like Reverend Jones again Is that what doesn't Reverend Jones okay, but that's not true. Is it Neil? No, it is not Well, thanks for much okay. I have a great time. What the hell was that? That wasn't Reverend Jones. He wasn't funny enough to be Reverend Jones, but what what was that all about? I think he's confused Confused about one He wouldn't have said that Howard wouldn't have said that Well, maybe he took an out of context. Maybe he said that right damn mad dog or something like that Or maybe he's gonna be out of the station or like I don't remoders something yeah, or maybe he was just talking about tiny when he made reference to the the mad dog or the angry puppy the angry puppy Who knows these people they all got some little some story, you know everybody's got a story 560 pound 560 on the AT&T line if you get your next mattress from dialometrics You'll have a great story so all your friends and neighbors even strangers on the street you'll stop and say hey Guess what next time you need a new mattress do what I did Just like I tell you called dialometrics because it's one of the most pleasant shopping experiences you'll ever have in your life You don't leave your house all you do is make that easy call at 1 800 mattress You talk to people who really know they're betting crap inside and out. They've seen them all. They've smelled them all And no matter what kind of mattress you like the best names. They got sort of silly some in King Coro. They got them all and whichever Macris you want you want a 20 want a king you want a queen They got them and exactly the name brand you like and it's ready for me to deliver it to no bait and swish No a rip off exceptionally low unbeatable everyday low prices when you call dialometrics and as far as deliveries Concert it's almost beyond belief and the light that's what I would say Because they let you have delivery when it's convenient for your ass any day the week seven days between noon and two or one and three or any two are one of those convenient for you and please don't forget the 30 day in home Comfort guarantee which lets you try out test out the new mattress the right way by sleeping and doing your thing on it for up to a month So column right now you'll be sleeping with the biggest smile on your pussy've had in a long time 1 800 mattress 1 800 mA TTR ES or check out their award winning website whatever that means had mattress.com There's a butt I smell it Thank you for flying food or its airline in a few minutes will be passing through the cabin Which I can send your ass eggs still ready to notice that I get a phone hopter obviously two sizes small Good afternoon is the violin speaking We restart cruising altitude of 30,000 feet Are we doing expected small amount of turbulence a hand so we'll Can't you a breath of the switch wait You still scary yourself And I hear that the replace the nationals what I heard I could be just nasty rumor so I'm American Airlines in case you Missed it nonstop to what they do Vegas for Miami because they're like axiomers, you know They're waiting in a wings the national one another gonna like step in step back in And we're got five other three step back in I try to forget that why is that that movie I see that's bad very bad. I know all about it I know all the important points and everything like that but still there was nothing wrong with that will be except some bad acting and some unnevitism other than that And some really terrible lines like dealing from themselves maybe they should fear you Right we should We're bringing back lines from one and two that was really stupid what were they thinking about was stupid is what that was yes Michael now they will fear you Maybe they should fear you Yeah, we had to put up with that shnaz on a big screen on Maria Sofia So Pia Mary whatever her name was he like wallock the now look what happened before Anthony Became an opera singer oh That was a good performance too Yeah Oh, I did like the twins yeah, they were right they were the best twins. Oh, not so I saw any body guards, but they were pretty good He's doing his little docky routine with a lip so okay. Oh, yeah, they was it was good and they were it was okay Had its moments all right had its moments including the ending yeah That was my favorite killing Tomaslo case it with a glasses that was pretty intense I was talking about when the credits rolled 567560 who that would want to see the credits on Moby I don't care what you say I liked it. I liked it for the whole thing about the Pope Oh, I liked that any any movie book a tabloid rag toilet paper that's come attirely in it Exposed the the chicane reading fraud right how about that flying bishop yeah He looked a little like a flying nun when you can write down to it Who was the flying nun Sally field a Sally field really good five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line Jesus Christ WQAM How you guys doing pretty good a just wanted to touch my sweet dude A little boring of a topic, but I do want to thank you for something I know you guys tip Dialo mattress a lot yeah I'm just spot and yesterday I actually call them the boutonune and And it said it would be a house between six and nine PM they give it a three hour window They were there at five to six a day. I got a killer mattress Great service and a great right a great that sleep, but I want to thank you for Continually to plug them because I tell you life's a romantic Excellent, thank you. You're welcome. I can't keep it up and don't forget that this cop is coming Yeah, I Solicit a testimonial for our good friends at dialometres and McGill said he has never ever had so much sex in his life since he got that new mattress That's since his boyfriend moved into with her whatever name is five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T I feel so and you know something see I just did make a point because the audience a lot of times things It's stick some people out there a little bit Looted like that and they know that difference between reality and stick like some people are working a station Jesus Christ Yeah, he don't get it either old Jesus But the fact is no this is important even though you're smirk smirchling in the snorling in there All of that aroma that was here It's gone How about that? I poured out what I have left in a cup. I threw away the bottle. I got my Sole bottle to present they a slightly Physi-a water and that's it that was the problem And I would tell you this more I see I it's very rarely get it from a bottle like that from a plastic bottle two liter But from cans I haven't had that before like from die-goat the guy said I always thought it was the the metal the a land aliovinium No, it's the wood I'll call for a minting in there. It's it's foam minting and then you put it in your body and slime Like like a witch is calmer than your stomach like Tabitha those two abazard things whatever they are Pressed or called press now. I'm not talking about breast and talking about the two dolls The new legit that they have to replace Timmy they old like I would have funny head and what's your name what is your name Connie come on you better get whether you still not watching that show huh no to soap Even okay and Miguel were showering naked the other day 567.0560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line WQAM Yeah, okay great Sir friends at Bill South probably WQAM Yeah, you are you're you're not chronic all right? You're worse than chronic talking get go What's chasing it was that I don't know I don't know I'm flipping but I like that I like the little Chihuahua this is just what we need that talking get go. He's cute. That's it a little bit Your I could go sort of eating that get go be near Chihuahua is there any other kind 567 look at this we got eight many open lines. I don't know what's wrong with you people man We've been everything has been going so well. I forgot that in this town what things go to well They get pissed off. They don't like them They hate that The last couple of weeks this show has been I would say in a scale of 22. It's been about an 88 It's been so hot you can't even put your finger on it the show too and you people man you you need to be Proud it I don't want to make a New Year's resolution. I realize it's only November number seven make a New Year's resolution. It's getting close to the new the two year Get with it Even if you don't have a life make make one up pretend you got one Pretend you got like some enthusiasm for something in life Besides just being miserable and nasty and certainly and not speaking to your neighbor and everybody else and getting on the elevator and farting and stuff like that Get with it So you think that guy still live down there or not? I'm a second floor. Oh yeah, I doubt it. It was a killer Literally a killer WQAM WQAM WQAM Hello, yes, sir Speak to me now that all the Republicans have everything they want maybe they'll stop complaining and though this you know Handle everything like they've been wanting to do but it's been blaming Clinton for I'm not too worried about it. Yeah, it that's a film Oh Always seems to be right about this time you know about 10 past noon Let's break and the bottom falls out well on sprake you think that people who couldn't call us into the people with a life Who are like living and breathing and working with stuff to do around the rest of the show you think new and to want to be a great time on lunch break It would be get on their cell phone or whatever and maybe have something to say about this fantastic I rated you or about most hairpiece or about anything No, they're busy getting it, but no, it's the same you know, and then we get a new bunch of idiots It's but that's which you people want anyway, so I don't care I'm just like the mad dog and Hank just give us the money. We don't give a flying crap, okay? We don't just take the money right to the bank WQAM Happy birthday Neil. Thank you To you stay we settle all family business but a worth of gone Dick Cape and his gone Mark Fisher's gone yeah We're gonna get the money for these schools You're asking me the LTs at the track maybe the bushes will hand you over to my big-odd a lot of cash Compact talk with the seminals the money's disweight nerd or if they're begging to take the money Yeah, and I think you're gonna see slots at the track. Oh, no, you know who this is You know that wasn't yeah, Stan Oh Give me back my diet right out of the uh thing there I'm gonna drink it right out of the bottle. I'm gonna chuck it Stan worthless, honey. Oh my god See what I mean about this town and let me tell you Tom's you guy. I'd like to I'd like to smack you and I had with a ball-peen hammer Not real hard just like lately, you know Just like a couple times lightly as it's right for further a punishment down the line if you don't cut the crap Man Same old this place is so stale and so tired. It's like last year's Chrisco man That's what muff told me There was a Carl a second confused 567. Oh 560 pound 560 on the AT&T Where you can imagine what could be in last year's Chrisco by now? I heard he doesn't use Chrisco Who muff WQ. I am George please talk See how fast I am on his tank now that we got this thing my fingers are so fast. It's amazing and the phone too WQ I am okay I want to thank you for turn on me on the small bill. Yes, and ever since I've been watching it's been driving me nuts Next Luther looks like yeah, looks like a young about a young Chevy Chase You look around his mouth. Oh, a little bit now that you mentioned it a little bit. I can see right now And although I was I gonna have George if he's been turned on the Birds of prey Watched a couple times That's very weak He's not too crazy by says birds of prey rhymes with gay, so he not too crazy by it. All right. Yeah, good day. Thanks you too See this is I said that he ran away I think Lex and Clark are gonna get something going pretty soon. That's probably what Separated them in the end 560 pound 560 on the AT&T of horizon wireless line. We're having a swell day here today at QMM Now that we got the stench out of here Man from that damn diet right That things smell like the end of the world I think this gentleman here came to take you away George. There is yeah Our Air Force buddy remember he was gonna bring us in some charge. Oh, how are you? Great. What are you bringing? Any good anything worth any money? bags of stuff bags full of crap outstanding look at that wow calendars tons of stuff calendars bags We get this year then That's what we have to go through. Thank you, sir. You're great American WQAM Hello, yeah, yeah, yeah, I want to see us in your rockers and when is this? Can I disgruntle? When is top of this? Complain up by your morning program. I only have a hand of half thirty five minutes left so you can have about 30 minutes of it With the gentleman who's hired in the morning. I could say everybody thought I was gonna be an improvement and I think But well, well, but don't say don't lump us all in there and say everybody thought So I'm some of us a person open mind. We as we assume that maybe because this guy talked to begin It was gonna be a great show go ahead. I think on the radio for the games he is better But on the radio on a morning basis you can't criticize the doctors you can't send the negative Nice a super Miami and and then he's hung up on the 60s of 70s. It's racist the use keeps repeating all day long Yeah, I can't be the only person that feels it's not the 1860s at the 1870s Well, and when they leave what's this name goldie by himself? It's just brutal. Yeah, I mean pinch is no is do something But as your show is great, but I just don't understand it keep them around like that. It's how long is he be? How long is this contract for? till he's a 90. I think another three years. Oh My god, all right have a lovely day and related happy birthday. Thanks a lot good luck to you sir By the way, there's this other great show on now Seattle play that game I do promote the eight o'clock hour in the FTL with no one can Only cuz we feel sorry for many is no one I was going to run there. Are you on there with no one? What is it? Are you promoting the show from the norm can show no? I don't call up. I don't participate in other stations These people are paying me way too much money. There are paying a lot of people too much money be consulting with the army Yeah I can't get in this goddamn thing Never have any problem. Yeah, not off Oh no This thing got our slowed. I'm telling us gonna be bad. Gonna slow You gotta open the scissors up and then snip it. Stupid Oh there you go good idea good thinking All right, I mean can get me so I thought I would do my own part. Okay? I love it if you could just do that. I would do the whole show that way one day the best ways to actually just a lot first and then take a big suck I mean drag take a big suck Yeah, not always worked Oh Right now I'm gonna pass that way on the floor. Dad damn it Hurry crap now it's getting the almost as high as gully you think I'm a crawfinger morning show now Yeah, maybe I could be on a morning show we could bond a little bit you know that would help things up Maybe if I spoke at a higher pitch like that he'd like me better 26 past noted five 60 WQ. I'm talking between a goddamn expert came in at crap and the helium I think it's a goddamn plot myself I'll tell you place where you can get some great food And that's the pizza law two locations for you now the original Broward location is on University drive right beyond peer when imports I'm not gonna say kitty corner the arm and pillow anymore because I don't think they're advertised with us anymore You won't say are they? Not for a long time. I don't know what the status is of their who's a confidant is what so like I said it's right beyond peer when imports With tons and tons of free parking and Jeff Cohen and the pizza law does become like legendary That's just because he got those painted fingernails or not just because he got that ridiculous ponytail But because he pumps out the greatest damn food delicious food gigantic portions teeny tiny prices What's not to like at the pizza law three different kinds of great pizza great garlic rolls dripping in all your favorite The stuff and of course all your pasta favorites too along with chicken and meal and seafood super subs call zones and lots more For take out for delivery for catering which they'd wish to penish job up in Davy call nine five four nine one six eighty eight eighty nine five four nine one six eighty eight eighty and don't forget to brand new pizza lock out by me in plantation Right on the court of Navajo and sunrise right behind that drugstore there whatever it's called and the number there Where they got the same great food the same low prices the same outstanding friendly service The telephone number there is nine five four what is in the all find it here somewhere for a three eight two eight 1999 do it again right three eight two nineteen ninety nine for the great new pizza lock and prestigious plantation Navajo and sunrise With the sewer of this place It's a little movie life people messing up the face Dumpings I'm feeling their private places Playing a bottle rocket out of summer's booty Then in the next door covered in duty Jack has take a money and run Wrap it without using a gun Jack has stupid loot it for fun Jack has take a money and run With it around while shots were stamped an epic ride Even a piece don't call while everyone watches They were put with a public they were snorkeling what's I mean First Profit to a five sixty WCM the a fact is the right at all ready Tuesday stunning victory Swerve Republicans in the house and senator good news for pro family issues it says The new Senate majority later Trent Pompom lot of Mississippi says we're Republicans now Controlled the White House in both houses of Congress the log jam and bills is gonna be broken Lots says normally will important legislation dealing with homeland security and economy be moved along quickly But also a key issue importance to Christians a ban on partial birth abortion We will move the partial birth abortion go through the Senate lot says the house did it this year But once again outgoing majority of your time-dash a wooden column up in the Senate I will call it up we will pass it and the president will sign it. I make an echo moment And you can write it down he said you made the comment yesterday morning interview with American family radio Yeah Professional Graham as the political smoke clears on the election pro family advocate Gary Bauer No relation to pop of our says the GOP series victories could have been more decisive Bauer notes that pro family voters were key in several public convictions including the Sashley shambles win and the Georgia Center race that very ugly race But he says he's not sure the Bush administration did not have to reach out to that Assembly voting public I do sense a little bit of burnout around the country and some frustration with some of the issues that have Madeleewed Bauer said and I think that if the Republican party could still have a problem on these very important issues Right in other words, they're still not far enough to the right to satisfy this fascist little Genome twerp Whatever hell he is you know what he is 26 till noon at 560 WQAM 504 votes on the pool which it is are you most scared of the Republican take over 2703 I think we just gave you one example of why Mohour David's hairpiece 158 smallpox 42 and Thrac 17 and bubonic plague 14 WQAM I wanted to talk about that last caller who called in a second ago about this Howard or David who whoever the heck he is Yeah, I Here's to be a doll fan and use the really enjoy listening to the games, but what since he's taken over doing the games I can't listen to him anymore if I if I hear him say left to write on your radio one more time I am gonna throw something through my computer. I'm up here in Tampa listening to you I'm getting talented That isn't the one the left or right on your radio He says that about 25 times a game and I stopped listening to him actually a Monday night I listened to the other Teen's seed and it was much better Yeah, so I just wish somebody would pass that along to Howard or David or whatever I'll be sure and tell you how you said so What an asshole. Okay, thanks. He's an asshole. That's the message. Just guys sent it from Tampa all or you know quite frankly I mean I don't want to like pee on your paradesur, but WKOM Neil, I'm Very long time as let me just say this as a smallville fan to another I am so happy you love the show Because I am a huge huge fan What's what's not to like absolutely? I mean although I will say this though The one in this last two days was a little on a week side of thought. I thought it was pretty It was but you know that's what it wasn't at it actually was a little bit better than the one before You know with the girl that the fucking life I got he girl Yeah, that was terrible, but there's actually a pretty good site on On the internet crypto and site.com the thing I like about that shows the ratings Yeah, a lot of time and actually the one where he had who where he was a bad boy Clark He It actually came in third beating all the NBC programs and UPN programs. Well, they do that Oh, excellent absolutely so That goes to show you one more bad boy clerk I have the literally but you know I'm looking forward to actually to this next one and I'm hoping that Yeah, but have you noticed that the previews really the very misleading for example this last week The preview the previous week got kind of indicate like everybody was gonna find out about the spaceship And everybody was gonna have about the DNA test and then they like you know about 30 seconds you took care of that Well, I mean you can say that about a lot of other programs. I got to tell you I also Kind of a little bit glimpse of that 24 show and that's terrible show So you know actually a small village to show to watch on the Tuesday night and let me ask you on that last program Where like where Lionel opened up his watch was it did the kid have read here or blonde here See boy you're a lot more observative. I am I didn't I didn't notice yeah because I you know I hear people talking about well, there was a brown lock of hair, but the kid's hair was red Which I would the the lock of hair was blonde you're right about that right well, which what when I saw the picture the kids Hair it had was red, which but don't forget that lock might have just been from one of Lex's hairpieces, you know Well, I mean I I was I was I was I still root that the blonde surfer silver. Why were the thing is? Well, I was also thinking that You know possibly that likes might be the illegitimate fun and Lucas might be the his right well. We got a wait for that Yeah, absolutely. We also got a wait for Marlon Brando to make you come back to and let me tell you I'm so happy that the quarterback isn't on there anymore. Guy, do you talk about an annoying Noine character. Let me ask you know about this I don't know if you've been talking about the tax But just past half spent tax You know I voted against it and I am so surprised that it won In such a huge margin as to how it won and and I'm so surprised that there wasn't more people You know it's like these groups that are like fair that are against taxes and you know that they didn't go out and they didn't So now we have a has to have sent sales tax going to be 7% for the rest of our lives no more than that Well, they're only good part about all of that is out of the bar county exactly which leads me to think that now when I go visit my parents all Pick up my groceries and gas up my car when I go up there You know, but that to me is just amazing a distinct past and and with and such a huge margin and I'm also surprised that There are no ballots on there that say hey, you know, do you want to reduce the tax or put term limits on taxes? Yeah, oh well, it's a done deal. There's no point in a real it's spill Well, I just wanted to event and I get a little pissed off just written in spirit. Okay, I'll see if they do a plan. It's here 560 560 560 on the AT&T were either really in the written the daily plan or the can a day would daily mess in your one of the other That's gonna be our poll question tomorrow Can't us must macho WQA in Yes, sir Hey, you have somebody from National Airlines on the radio station this morning And I was just one of them We didn't now we just had people calling in sitting one under we didn't have anywhere from the airline Is there anybody any way I can get in touch with them because I'm leaving in two weeks and What do you mean you're leaving in two weeks? You're not leaving on national airlines in town? Obviously not I'm wondering and you know, none of the carriers are really honoring them. They're just putting on standby Thanks, given day week. No, no, I read the information if you if you got your ticket by credit card You can cancel it like these a master card whatever and if you did if you like bought it cash from them your screwed Your screwed. Sorry Good luck to pound. I may go to Vegas. You win the money back. I'm gonna try. Okay. Good luck You know, I told you before we got the food that I was like on a verge of a moving experience and it's a good thing Carlos came in and here before I started like I'm gonna put the cleaning Cranking out a batch. Yeah, why it's gonna be really well. We only got 20 minutes to go. What do you think? About what if I'm gonna make it or not to let me get you'll make a lot of it. Yeah, that's what I'm afraid of some of it might be right here in his chair Anyway, yes, why softahocking last night. You already know because I retorted Charles Alfieri What a great guy big panther fan big hockey fan he knows this stuff. He knows his hair too And Charlie said that dozens and dozens and hundreds and thousands of you guys are going there and that's a smart thing to do and Get in your hair from Charles Alfieri because After listening to the show all these years you want to know by now that no silly look in peace in the world Can compare to the great natural looking in here you get from Charles Alfieri That's why he calls it the natural hairline system because it is it looks like the hairs were not in your scalp Like it's for real and all the other systems man every one of them looks like either straw or a dead animal or a bunch of crap on your head So the choice is yours if you want to get rid of that ball spot look better and younger than you ever thought you could again Get yourself ahead in the world or just get yourself some head call toll free 1-800-321-2413 1-800-321-2413 Nenshin the aridus show when you call your not $2 dollars off the regular price of the natural hairline system I think after the break what I'm gonna do is go down a hall and you'll play along but when I come back All right Follow one saying I got it. I mean I could wait, but why not why should I strain? You follow on a sick as that back that backup is not not good for your intestinal track little back right up and out 1-800-321-2413 call Charlie man get your hair back or check out of there were famous prestigious Oh, there goes website at Charles Alfieri.com You I don't mind who Palmfield, stay no big in ribs So roll the 83, get a lack of the deal Give the fake civil police just don't see him I bet my cabbie will If William was just a son down in a small white town They call the Eastop Palmfield And after a man walks through the white land How's his winner, Michelle? He always standing on the corner selling rap CDs When I met a little girl and she had a ride And my daddy couldn't even know what daddy was A waiter of a blue club class We've been on the bed, down the floor So long I grew up, fucking after, oh, get up To the lab, out, to the right side Not me, to the sh**, turn right I got some self-esteem, but still better Got my ass looking like the face, bro I put on my clothes and I was all the way So tell my daddy, pull the foot off I put my face on the one hand I jumped up the back window But I did it, he was waiting around I was always in the left, giving me two to life The mother f**k of my ass all right But hey man, and I'm president of the head That's the best damn f**k of the head I got a bad weed out of the bottle of wine I'm a f**k there, we're just doing the job Go fuck the time with two z-z Maybe that's how we need Come on, we can go to the mall That's the dumbest smoke that dumb weed And down the mirror, wild girl We can take our turn, singing in baby rap songs Stop it, hit the ball, I'm teaching so I can sell a taste from it I'm gonna home call Oh, you're so rude, rude, rude My joy, dick out the sea, the spell Black, killing high as hell blind to pop their scape No big and reals, so rude, rude The 80-thus cattle act through the field Jesus Christ Jesus, take some of the cities just no sale I bet my cavee with you I met this lady in Hollywood She had green hair, but dance you look good It took her to my house because she was fine But she pooped out of the f**k that was bigger than mine I'm a f**k this lady from Japan Never made up with an African A f**k to one, so I f**ked to two or three Eight, that f**k in life, shrimp robber I don't pay that man's story, that's how you sell you Hell yeah, I'm living in the heart of all still you Had a big good and big titties too So I hopped in her ass like a kangaroo See I met this woman from Hawaii Snuckin' in her ass and she said, hey Lips was bravest, f**k she was life Better titties bustin' up in with a wild hipplot Back back, that thermoceros wank in the spade of Kentucky Did you set up a person's kicking him? You just f**k me, man, it was a crime I gave her my secret blind of herbs and spices Go fuck the time, the two ZZs Baby that's how we need Come on, we go to ball, got the doll Smoke that gum, we love it And that the mayor, one more week, take our time Sinking him, bloody rest on Stop it, hit the ball, I'm like teaching you I'll still take some of it, I'm home, call So roll, roll, roll my joy Think out the sea, the stamps Killin' the highest hail, run through prombe Okay, I was back in plenty of time But since you had to queue up, 1248 at 560WC Here's that f**k, I'm lookin' up lupus on the thing here What the hell is lupus? I give up What is it, zz, what is it to do? What happens to you? Because anyway, this article is information is Propagamming this stuff that was just Facts about aspertain It says in cases of systemic lupus Where fire has become all of his rampant His multiple sclerosis, especially among Diet coax in diet pepsied rinkers Also with method autotoxicity, it becomes Usually drink 3 to 4 12-ounce cans And then per day, some even more In the cases of systemic lupus Which is triggered by aspertain The victim usually doesn't know that the aspertain is the Couper, the victim continues to use it Agrovading lupus to such a degree that sometimes You come as life threatening When we get people off the aspertain Those with systemic lupus usually become asymptomatic Unfortunately, we can't reverse this disease How do you like that? Now what is lupus? What do they say? No, no Well, I got it here on the thing But I can't, I don't have time to Let's see, genetic link to lupus I don't know if I will call Do you think? You think anybody's going to call by lupus? Anyway, aspertain man, let's get off it At Dan's soda, let's get out of the bottle water Not the tap water, don't be drinking the tap water You'll be dead by the weekend Okay, let me get out of this thing Okay, can I get out of this thing? Because somebody will call What is time, Brady again, look at that How many QIm? How long, Neil? Yes I was lucky enough to be at the half empty I've said it was about 10,000, which is half empty right But that's game I've seen since the 96 seasons Yeah Listen, quick questions I think you're getting a little carried away Pan-ah, you're right It was an exciting game, but the pan-ahs didn't really show up after the first period They kind of laid down Yeah, well, it's the last couple minutes, and they try it a little Quick questions, I shall start for you What do you do in that mid-shrish ad comes on The big jumbo tron spring and the first period I ascended my best readings, will I middle digit extended? Which one of these? The tall one I'm going to read Yeah, the tall he balled head of one, that's him Torp I agree, you'll have a good one Okay, thanks I was kind of a brook, don't you think? WQIM Hello Lupus Hotline, hello Nobody there WQIM Hello Yes, man Meal, hi, how are you? Good This and I have a question for you, have you heard about the height of security on the 14th of this month? Yes Do you heard about that? Yeah, because the pack is then the execution right Okay, well, I had an article, I was going to talk to you, but if you already heard then never mind Okay, thank you Stand with a bed on a 14th Okay, thanks That's the next Thursday, by the way, that's the week from today Are we really doing another break? Yeah Well, see I screwed myself up Actually, I used to screwed me up, I get all like great food in here from Tony It was damn good to you Man, that just gets better and better What the hell We're supposed to be in 5-6 hours You a-M Put in right me You're going to die I'm going to die I'm going to die I'm going to die I'm going to die I'm going to die And look. My braces? And the bitch And the bitch And the bitch My braces And I'm loaaat And a pussy I don't know why they hate me Everywhere Or why they always Hate me It must be cri- They could They deserve what they've got On my arm, like a ranic valley map A lychewat And I got beans on my nose And nobody knows if they're under my clothes I went there for three hours And that's all for me That's all I'm getting If you take my arms up, you gotta see my legs And I might as well keep on smoothings To show a little clothes I could vote to a surgeon, but that gives me the shivers. I would not want to walk on looking like John Rivers. Where am I? I might have loved you, but the fat little free. I did him a favor, but now I get a poor baby. But reason I dismiss that snake and fat bastard. Because I see wouldn't you shut up, any can't play conaster. I'm not a pro-girl, but nobody talked from my rap. I rap tenured talk. Like, look at me, I'm hit hit. I ain't no swear. I'm a thing done, daddy, man. I'm really dead. I ain't by anyone I want. I don't care. Firstly, if they make me flip my wig later, smelly green hair. I got pie in myself, it even happens to the grapes. Westwood once said you could add a hillhouse, we break your legs. So now I sit by the pool, life's as good as it gets. With my paladin cocktail, praising bets on the gens. Who's paradise? Paradise? I don't kiss nobody's hands in paradise. I'll be sure that none of the scoogas when I get the james. But the cleaners aren't ready with my line-green pants. Now, one doesn't take any calling to play. And we're just a little thought. So what I let this day. I guess that's funny when I'm not the sales buddy. I can do what I want. The management loves me. Can I tell you something mo- something you ought to know? But a lot is time I want to do to be my dog. Who am I to die pal? No, I am straight. How about? Who? Who do you want to? I don't take no for an answer to that. What is that? What's your name? What's your name? What's your name? What's your name? What's your name? What's your name? What's your name? What's your name? What's your name? Projective 57 at 560WCM. Georgetown, the comms there by the way. Excellent job. Don't forget we had the Mad dog at 1. At 3, you got Hank to Sapto because it's Thursday, God been old between 5 and 6. Have no fear Hank was in your earlier city. No being old, blows, but it kills a good hour. You got to ship-co-panter previous 630 Panthers at the Caps. 7 o'clock tonight. Any K from G after the game. And SPN radio overnight because I guess the dirty boys. I don't know what that is. I guess they're taking vacation like in bits and pieces or something like that. Speaking of bits and pieces, I had a wonderful experience in the other room. Bits and pieces. No, not bits and pieces. Well, I don't want to get too graphic. Just a marvelous experience. WQ-A-N. WQ-A-N. Mr. Rogers? Yes, sir. Hi. Did anybody call it on the Lucasfilm? No. Lucas is an inflammatory disease. It's a nasty one. It's where the body basically recognizes itself as the enemy. And it attacks its connective tissue. It's a very, very painful disease. Wow. Yeah, it's awful. So if that's... What are the symptoms? Well, just... Put the lipid on. Put the lipid on. Lots and lots of pain. And everywhere. Everywhere. All the connections to tissue in the entire body. Wow. The... You know, just everywhere. And people who we have it are not happy campers. And it's just an awful disease. Well, I guess I'm going back to bottle water, like I said. Yes. Thanks. Yes, you're welcome. Okay. There you go. There's a ransom for it. So nasty disease. Now, your people out there, if you want to stay alive, do not be drinking all those diets sodas. Just like Ma would say, Quick drink and so much diet. It's soda. That's what she'd say. Of course, she's drinking it. Actually, she drinks with sugar in it. Well, what did she got to lose it at this age of the game? You know, she's helped you then all the rest of us. 89. I mean, I don't know how old she is. Now, she's older than the hills. Okay, but it's like I told her the other day, good genes. It's all of any genes, man. That's a secret of life. If you're... It's just a luck of the draw. I don't know what kind of a God would create a deal like that. It's all in your genes. If you're born like into the right family, you're going to be the king of you on Sunday. If you're born to the other family, you're going to be the queen, you know? I know about that. It's all in your genes. Of course, around here we say from 9am to 7pm, it's all in your paycheck too. That's all we care about. Less work, more pay. That's our motto here on QA. 547 votes on a pool today. Which of these are you most scared of? We asked? The Republican take over 296.54.1% and buy the time they're finished. Everything will be illegal, including voting again. 296. Mohour David's hairpiece, 169.31%. And you have to be scared because it moves around. You never want to go to the... ...been next. Smallpox 45, Antrax 21, and the Bubonic Plague. Boy, 16. Bye bye, bye. Then, you'll watch your show on 560, and you'll be who you are, who might only for my day off. Instead of you, I'm scared, where's my third bit?