Calm down, Diane, and I know 2 at 5.60. Speaking of Diane, anybody see passions? Oh, that's right. You see it a day later. So, I'll tell you the discover that even the priest on that shows a little pervert, even when he's blind, he manages to find Miguel and like give him a little squeeze here and squeeze there and then squeeze his hand real tight. But anyway, I just noticed that. Our poor yesterday and this one hit one thing, I think this could be bigger than God damn sliced bread, you know what? I like it. I like it too. We had 915 votes, which is quite a few considering that the see we didn't do this right yesterday, but it was the first time out of the box. Out of the gate. And to do it right, you have to like balance it out from the different areas if you catch my drift and we didn't do that. Although I do notice that many of these are from the 80s, which I didn't realize that I won't disc. Like a Harold Falker-Mire, Axel F, which is Robert's favorite. And Godly and cream and cry and paw hard castle in 19. I always get the one. Oh, the divine rules and I touch myself, which would play that yesterday. A little bit. Anyway, the results of our pull very disturbing a George who's really pissed off and doesn't want to believe it for a second. But the good news is for you, because we're closing in our right now. So as I make a copy of it, that's it. And I just did. Which of these one hit wonders was the best? Soft cell by Tainted Love wins in a landslide. You don't believe that, damn. Nope. Well, I do. Just to be contrary, I do. 128 votes more than second, more than double the number 2 a song. I mean, it loves soft cell. Of course, the fact that I played bits of it about 100 times, that might have had some influence, but I doubt it. George thinks it was the the the a pole scores that the messed it up. I don't think so. I think it's a very popular song. Like, alright. I didn't say it. It's good. But I miss this to be queen in mountain. I mean, mountain and miss this to be queen, 61. Have that here, eventually. Norman Greenbom's fair to the sky. Oh, 60. Blues image, ride captain ride had 55 and rounding out our top five. These five will survive for the next pool. I'm not the next pool, but I mean, like the final runoff. Already, when we wind up with the final winners in about what was that going to be? About two and a half years. Steam, non-ahe-hey, kiss and goodbye. Number five with 49 votes. Just edging out taco and putting on the Ritz 45, which George was very nervous that that might make the cut. Didn't do it. Wow. Zagarin Evans in the year 2525 have 44. E.M.F. Unbelievable. Unbelievable. 38. Followed by. I'm not going to waste my time reading the numbers. Pay per list on Etchicago die, then free all right. Now, Johnson Vachton, welcome back, Carter. 30. Question mark of the Mr. and 96 years had 29. It should have been better than that. The proclaimers, I'm going to be 500 miles 27. Amboy duke's during the center of the mind. Shadows and I glory of monotones, book a love, David Essex, rock on, strawberry alarm clock, incense and peppermots, which is certainly no soft-saltated love. Freedom pain band of gold, Charlie Pride, Kissah. Angel Good Morning. We five you were on my mind, the five stair steps in U-child. The mystics in Hushie by Hen only 15 votes. Do you know something that's down right on American? Yeah. See, we had more people in South Florida who spoke English. The mystics in Hushie by would have had more votes. Sure, one of the specs. Yeah, blame the specs for that. Well, I must have voted for Tainted Love. Sure, that's a spicca group. Yeah. Medicine, lighthouse, love goes where my rosemary goes. And you ought to see what else is going there too. 11, shocking blue, Venus 11. And guess what had 10, finally? I'll be sure to cut out the sirens because of my radio, I'm scared. I'll think they'll watch them see. Who's the lyrids? What? They had only 10 votes tied with marmalade and reflections of my life, which also had only 10. That's, you know, like I said, what's the point? But it kills some good time. Electric prunes I had too much to dream last night had eight. A live and kicking tighter and tighter had seven. And guess what? What? They went out and bought some CDs yesterday. And guess how much they were, Robert? 999. Peace. That's Canadian for like for six and a half bucks. You get some of these great old ACGs. Six and a half bucks. That's some great stuff on these. As you heard before the show, get your little preview, not for chart. 898.6 was next. Fred and lover reach out in the darkness. White planes my baby loves loving finally had six. We finally got the title right and it had six points, which? It's something. Not great. Randy the rainbow is Denise five. And human beings nobody but me came in dead last with only three votes. That again. Very disturbing. In fact, I dare say sitting here in my goddamn chair with my fat ass that nobody but me but human beings is heads and shoulders above, tainted love by a soft cell. And he did it. We just turned it list upside down. Yeah, there you go. So there we got the top five. I'm going to put that over there. Save it. And then we'll compile a one from today in between and be quicks. Plus I have a lot of stuff to play. For example, and here just to show you that I'm not playing favorites. Here's one of the worst songs ever that I hate like poison. That could be the worst song of all time. You know what? In a summertime by mungo during come on now. Do you like that song? I'd use to. I mean, they would. I hear you don't like that song. I had song below. It's a piece of rap singing along. Sounds like something. It sounds like he's sitting on the throne. I just like saying mung. What about Neanderthalman by hot legs? And I tell you one thing for a song that quite frankly, if I never heard it again, it would be too soon. This is on every CD that was ever made, I think. I don't know. Bobby's freaking blue one on this CD. They got the panel right. The other CD had just said mine key going. This one. Mine key goes back. Okay, now it's a compiler list. And we've got to start right now. You want to know why? Why? I did a very stupid thing. What I did was mark these CDs. The yellow magic marker that I used to mark the log, the live spots, the highlighter, the highlighter. Well, what I did is I highlighted on the back of each CD because I didn't know how us to mark them. And now I noticed that the. It's rubbing off. Stupid. Yeah, I am. So in the summertime by mungo Jerry, we'll put that on there just to make you happy. You're writing me down? I am now. I'm not putting hot legs in the end of the whole man. I know it's a piece of crap. But I did look these up to verify them. We already did in the end. I want to be did was my Tico Bay on the list. No. No. Montico Bay by Bobby Bloom. Those are the only two from this particular CD. All I will say this because everybody wants it. We'll want to hear a little bit of this. Hey. It's money here a little bit of that. It's a play the whole thing. That's enough. It's Melanie with the Edwin Hawkins singers. Remember them from all happy day, remember them? No. You don't remember all that day. Yeah, it's a good thing. We're a communist man. You ought to be one of those assholes marching in Cuba today. We'll send many people to come in and make them an offer. They couldn't refuse and say good after in March. And show that he's your W. And you love Fidel. He promised them. Oh, did you just step by now? I never did. I was going to take her brand new key and stick her right in your. You know, watch it. So I just thought I'd play a little bit of that. Okay, so you got to start to list. Plus the ones that I gave you yesterday, which I guess you'll read back eventually when we get to it. But first let me do this. Because I, it's going to be one of those kind of shows. Got an OJ story today. Oh, a lot of good stuff. See, this is like a little bit better. You know, I like the tone of this a little bit better, especially with the music. Because it, it lightens things up a little bit. And supposed to all these very heavy depressing neurotic stories. Isn't that a were a fact talk about depressing and neurotic? Yeah. Yeah, right. This is from USA today today. Thread of dirty bombs off and ask crops remarks annoy White House. There should be a period in that. Thread of dirty bombs off and ask crops remarks annoy the White House. Attorney General John asked croft on Monday overstated the potential threat posed by a dirty to bomb suspect Abdullah Al-Mohajir, Bush administration and law enforcement officials say yesterday. What did I tell you? Trying to cover his ugly right wing ass. Ask crops remarks annoyed the White House and led the administration to soften the government's descriptions of the alleged plot. I don't think there was actually a plot beyond some fairly loose talk, and Al-Mohajir is coming here and here obviously to plan further deeds, deputed defense secretary Paul Wolfe which told CBS yesterday. His comments echo those Monday of FBI director Robert Mueller and deputy attorney General Larry Thompson. They backed away from ask crops description of the alleged plot, and the fact that Al-Mohajir was dangerous and that his arrest was a victory against terrorism. When ask croft announced Al-Mohajir's may 8th arrest, he said authorities had disrupted an unfolding, terrorist plot to attack the US by exploding a radioactive dirty bomb. His 14-per-ref statement mentioned radiation or dirty bombs five times, and said Al-Mohajir was being detained by the military for the safety of all Americans. A little bit melodramatic there, John. Ask croft's ominous tone surprised the White House and law enforcement officials here in a broad, including some who had tracked Al-Mohajir to Al-Qaeda meetings in Pakistan, the law enforcement officials say the evidence against Al-Mohajir 31, indicating he was interested in many scenarios, including involving explosives, and radioactive materials was one possibility. They say that the former Chicago gang member, once known as Jose Padillo, former Brewer County resident, was up to no good but that any plans involving radiation were not as mature as asked croft suggested. Administration sources say the White House infatibly told asked croft that it was this satisfied with this description of the alleged plot. How do you like that, huh? Publicly the White House defended asked croft saying he was technically correct. There's always a tendency at times like this that the initial reports immediately lured to the worst case scenario Administration's folks' minery, a fly sure said, Justice Department spokesman Mark Corralo and said Al-Mohajir was definitely planning an attack, asked croft was traveling in a hungry on Tuesday, in other words he's from hunger. How do you like that, huh? What did I tell you? On a heel of all a heat that they're taken, on the heels of all this bull crap, making an obvious that they have a good right hand, has got no idea what's left hand zoone and the fact that he wanted to continue spending a lot more money fighting drugs than the war on Terra. There you go. Ask croft, try to cover his obnoxious ass and he is. In fact, he's like a walking ass, you know what? Try to ask croft. Correct him. 913 at 560 WQM your home of ass. You heard me talking about the big one, not a big ass, but a big paycheck. That's right, and you can have one too in just four short months. Although a short probably likes a big ass? Yes, I do, is matter fact. We don't want to discuss now during the spotlight likes doing with it, but nevertheless, you can use your own vivid imagination. The demand for a certified computer professionals is through the roof now, it is astronomical. So pick up that phone and call the good folks over at Fast Train, toll free, 866 Fast Train. Some are classes are forming right now as I speak, and if you call it very soon like immediately if not sooner, you can be certified in a brand new career before summers and it's start making some real cash. Fast train offers Microsoft certified instructors for convenient locations, including that brand new campus in highly congested Kindle, John Placement Assistance Day, and even classes too. And for those individuals whose job was affected after 911, Fast Train is an Operation Paycheck Training Provider. Call Fast Train. Here's their toll free number 866 Fast Train, or check them out on the web if you like it Fast Train.com. And don't forget it's the Emma's Fast Train can have you certified and ready for a brand new career, and it's a little last four months. So if you're tired of your dead end job, if you're tired of working for some obnoxious asshole, call Fast Train today and get on the road to a brand new career and start making some serious bucks called toll free. 866 An As for copying fields As long as grass is on the plate Kingfield, if I can see it And I can do it If I just believe it Then they're mature heads I'm a big pedophile Yes I believe I can touch your mind You can see it on video tape Don't give a more than try to rage If a parent's home home You see me running through that open door I'm a big pedophile I'm a big pedophile I'm a big pedophile I think it's racist in myself Remember Jerry Lee Lewis, he married his cousin She was like 13 or 14 years old, remember that? Yeah, but he married her Yeah Awesome Other than they didn't do it till they're wedding In myself, that means that's all good But he was a white guy, see? So that was okay But are Kelly, he's dark And because of the fact he'd banged some 14 year old chick Their nail is asked to the cross And nobody wants to buy his music anymore And it's like fair Every time somebody even mentions our Kelly that People start puking all of themselves Although I know how come Michael Jackson is still off the hook More money Why? So a Joan Fleshman writes in a heroine I think whoever facts this to us Because I would never read Joan Fleshman's column Under penalty of death But it's kind of interesting to us Because you know what? QAM just okay The controversy never stops And the audience likes that A QAM in it power There's one second And what was that? What was that? That was me How did you do that? I turned on a pot And there was noise coming out of it Quit messing with pot during the show Where you place? I want thing to be selling after the show It's another thing to be dealing with it during the show I see again on that end Operator air on that end Every guy damn they now Sorry Jesus, K Christ Anyway What the was I just saying before That's why you were Oh yeah, good old Joan Fleshman There's one sentence in here that I can't read It's like a bad facts But we'll get to the meat of the matter Remember, Bo Griffin, our good close personal friend The kiss me on the lips that day And I've never written the same sense We'll never forget her Former power 96 radio host Bonita I never knew that was her name Bonita Did you either? Till just now See, it's not even 930 We're already learning Former power 96 radio host Bonita, Bo Griffin Father complained against the station With a federal equal and plown opportunity commission She claims she got canned after 15 years Because of rage Griffin 44 is power 96 owned by Beasley Broadcast group Replaced her with a less qualified 30 year old male DJ LB silk took over the 6 to 10 year old drive time slot Griffin attorney Robert Weissburg Sounds like a juboid to me Says the station said fourth its reason for termination An April peace in the world which quoted program director kid Curry 47 Yeah 47 I guess he could be 47 can he? Sure, just because he has a lot of white hair He looks a lot older He's had a tough life As your people get older and older There comes a time when they might not be able to identify themselves And the target audience The logical thing we have to do is wipe out all the old stuff And start a new Oh, that was a bad statement kid, Skirvy That was a bad move on your part And they got quoted in the newspaper Remember the last asshole at suit for ages discrimination What was his name at the justice? Larry Justice He said for justice we should go to the courts Did he get justice? Didn't get squat Got came to get canned because you were too old Larry got canned because you're sucked on the air That's why All he ever talked about is how he used to be great at WBZ 100 years ago How he used to like try and call the Susan shoes Or something like that Says power vice president General manager Greg Reed 48 Oh, it's got everybody's agent Hey, how about you, Jonny? How old are you? Let's find out how old your own flashmen is She's got everybody's agent here It's a good thing she didn't write about moey You know it should not put your agent here Not true, well everybody knows I'm 59 Anyway Greg Reed 48 says I love bull It wasn't a matter of age the ratings were declining and we had a fresh enough the radio station Do you believe that? Uh, I think it was age Ha ha ha ha ha Now I mean come on bull gets serious In addition to which like like Mike Disney said Even though his station's falling like a rock Like Disney said what is the guy named kid scrubby? First of all how old do you call yourself kid? You know when you get to be 67 and number two what is the guy who's 67? Know about music that kids want to listen to absolutely nothing They take those focus groups. Yeah, focus focus. I got your focus right here sweetheart Griffin wants a pitch woman for the psychic hotlines now lives in Beverly Hills, California I also think they didn't like was was she had that studio in her bedroom They don't like those out of town studios Who would do that? Also, it says something about since cancel she now freelances for TV news mag extra But I can't read the other send circus. It's a bad facts. Then As if you don't even cause enough stir with that Norman Elliott can't Fort Lauderdale attorney and publisher of Bowards gay oriented newspaper the express the Fag paper Got a 90 days suspension from the Florida Supreme Court stems from a 1995 dispute over the estate of Robert Patterson a security guard From the Florida bar they said a bar compliance audit of kids trust account revealed Significant and multiple shortages caused by kids constant and intentional combing link of earned free fees with trust account funds Says can't 52 Got everybody's agent here. Sip me and Alice Rantella and LV Musica says can't 52 I screwed up didn't follow the rules. I never got accused of taking anyone's money Technical violations except responsibility for my errors. I should have done better. He says got a 90's suspension Which what does he care? He's got that Fag news paper going and that bogus radio show Attorney Alvin and representative before the bar. You know who that is? No, you know my lawyer one of my lawyers. Richard and that's his brother. Huh, is he fat too? I don't know. I never met him. He's a very good attorney. Hey Richard, how's your uh, back home doing? Robert you had a little problem there last you remember that? He said don't talk about it on the air But now that he got his words all straight down. Shree does mind. Among Kent's high profile clients radio personalities Neo Rogers and LRantella and LV Musica Who has a government prescription to smoke marijuana for glaucoma can also owns talent management associates What? Talent management associates? What the LZ? And host a topical talk show on WFTLA in 1400 that'll be out from 10 to 11 this morning. By the way, case you don't want to miss the normal Kent show one topic he won't discuss as Johnny estate advice. You can be sure that in other words don't give You might be hang on to that's my best advice because you might go out and buy pot with it So that's pretty interesting crap. Okay, now we form it by the way Eric. Eric did very good that one hit wonder what is it one hit wonder central dot com great website Just like I said yesterday a great website Eric you done good But now you can sit back and eat a baloney sandwich and take care of all your other clients because where this is a work in progress the one the day Right. Oh, yeah, well has to be talk real slow. Now what are the ones that you had from yesterday the stand-ells and dirty water Right the tornadoes and tell star right geniecy Riley Harper Valley PT Harper Valley PT if I hate that song I despised it and I hate to spit it out, but I will anyway starland vocal band after new delight Tom Cochran. What is it Tom Cochran yeah life is a highway the Joe deputy group. I'm sure I heard that I would recognize it, but I don't I My pledge of love Joe Jeffrey group my pledge of love Joe Jeffrey group was great won't get too many votes with this crowd because their tastes isn't their process I mean tainted love and soft sell that's enough Maybe want to oh God Lizzy the boys are back in town and that's on there too the boys are back in town. That's a good song That's a good hockey song like a beer can of the center. How they doing the leafs? They still plan Now see the fact that this only got 10 votes. What's the point? What's the use when you're dealing with a bunch of silly blame? Oh How could that only get 10 votes? Got me 926 at 560 WQM. It's gonna be 133 degrees in South Florida today and the humidity is gonna be 400% which means you're gonna be Fits in your brains out, but if you want to keep in good health and feel good all the time Here's a product that can help you do that. It's called olio med why because olive oil's good stuff Even the ancient geeks knew that olio med is a soft gel capsule that contains pharmaceutical grade olive oil along with lots of other good stuff In there there's vitamins and minerals and urbals and they make a different product to promote to health for various aspects of your body They got one that helps your prostate one for your heart for your blood pressure They have a separate product for your cholesterol Olio meds also got supplements to promote health in your circulatory system your digestive your endocrine system your skin and bones even your mind All using the benefits of the best olive oil that money can buy and don't forget olio meds got products for men And for your ladies out there as well When I forgot to oh yes, did I call the during macardi Larry macardi? Okay, that's my harness racing background I have a harness racing story by the way Just want to correct a few little odds and ends on here. How could I call during macardi at the red wings? Larry macardi I don't want to be that stupid Olio meds available right now at Walgreens whole food market tomorrow pharmacy in Sedanos Also forgot to mention that Vanessa and a brand new Billy are back on a guiding light Olio ends as stupid as product if you don't see it on the shelves just tap the storm manager on the shoulder and tell him I want it God damn it In call tool free to get more information about olio med products at this number one eight six six Oreo med that's one eight six six Oreo med and you can also order them any products on the internet their website V Your name Kathleen's good night sweet night to 10 on sports radio five You a yeah This a nice behind Don't want to see what you can find Welcome For the key these things there's a lot to review and the nice key string got lots of appeal Check it out there man that brunette's making my tongue hang through the side It's because her top it's holding up a pair of 45s We're just so old guys. We're not dirty. We're not mean we just love the girls and see them their crease in the summer time We go check and we go check in off the scene Spend the summer time finding beauties fun to duties on the beach Come along with me season T.D. T. Tata tata tats make me so happy with the summer sea I got women I got women on my mind Yes, the girls are nice where were those bikini smaller thighs With a hot hot bun Surely you're the least for your eyes Come along with me season Tata tats C-C-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T In the summer time we'll go cool to rule go cool to the beach All right For the Tata tats You know how they voted since he's on that third 33 of five 60 pretty amazing that that should pop up like that all of a sudden and after I played the real song a little while ago Coincidence shocking. No, there are no coincidences. Okay, so what do you got here so far? We're putting the pull for today together on the Part two Probably about 500 well before we get to that's big and a pull. I don't want to support your TV viewing tonight, but and speaking of TV viewing George Miss smallville last night's shame on you I I'm so ashamed and it's not one that you saw before and not one that I saw before either because how long is that show been on? Just this year a few months This is the first season yeah? Well, I couldn't have seen very many episodes and maybe I only saw like the last half doesn't it something like that because I hadn't seen the one last night Where did God convinces a John Schneider to sell the farm? The guy with a magic handshake oh And Clark shook at a couple of times as matter fact. And what's her name not that? Lano, but the what's the other ones name the blonde? I forget. Oh, whatever it is she Got talking to give him a big kiss on a pussy and grab him and like stuck her hand on his pants while almost Anyway, speaking of TV viewing tonight CBS has got a big thing The list of the top 100 film romances that's on CBS tonight. Now the one of those big contrived shows And of course everybody else other than CBS wants to pee on her parade They want to do everything they can to like tip the result so that there's no suspense in nobody Or watch it. I noticed the CBC here in Toronto did that this morning Mark whatever the guy's name is was reading the list And I thought but that's kind of unusual and then I go to the various websites to see if I can get a little bit of insight as to what's going on Not only to see it in and have the top 10 they got the whole top 100 It's going CBS they wrecked it that's what he was saying And you'll be amazed at this list the top 100 role man's movies of all time Get number one is Casablanca, which you never saw? No thank god you must remember this A chicken cannot Casablanca starring Humphrey Bogart as the loonkeeper Rick Blaine and Ingrid Bergman is his loft lost love Ilsa The came in number one on the American film Institute's top 100 US loves to raise an ounce to the and the CBS TV special AFIs 100 years oh I see it was on last night This was on last night. I thought it was going to be on tonight And here I thought that we were like a tip in the uh, they already saw it damn it Yeah, yeah, so I can't keep my day straight anymore I thought this was going to be on tonight and that everybody was like pee on their parade Well, they already announced this so it's not like a big bullet and nobody cares anyway Number two was gone with a win three was west side story Four Roman holiday 1953 I have no idea what that was Although I think that Ditsy Blon was in was not Jane Mansfield who was in Roman holiday But don't make me get the guy there movie book out now not Marilyn no, I don't change Harlow Gene Harlow I think him Ditsy Blons. I'm gonna start naming Ditsy Blons Boy if you think the music book is heavy this one this awful timeout movie guy the one that I hate yeah, what is about 1600 pounds Instant hernia Ronald the desert fox, but what luck I open almost to the right page beauty. That's at Oman Roma Chita operetta operetta what what did you say? Roma Chita operetta that means Roman the open city Oh Chita with a sea A sea all by a goddess pronounced Chita like Chita changes what am I looking for Roman holiday romance in the stone is one my mother was very nervous about here Roman holiday Directed by William Wyler Start Aubrey Hepburn Walter who on Gregory Peck Eddie Albert Tulio Carmonati Harcourt Williams and heartly power no relation to Jerome power Oh, Aubrey Hepburn she must have been the blonde. It was in there. She maybe just died or hair later on. There was no blonde in it Anyway, I don't know what that movie is and if you remember on 1957 was number five the way we were Was number six Doctors Javago number seven remember yesterday we talked about this is where my love by the Ray kind of singers and doctors Javago see how these things all fall in It's a wonderful life With Jimmy Stewart was number eight, but that's and that was an a romance movie no It had a romance in it. I guess if it had a romance in it it qualifies that's that's bad love story was number nine and City lights number 10 1931 So I got the whole list here think it really slow like one day. I'm gonna say that put that over there. Yep, put that over there for the slow days New York and Kentucky Catholic Bishop's resigned We had a Kentucky one yesterday this from news day and auxiliary bishop in the Roman Catholic art style She's of New York his resigned after admitting a several affairs with women Becoming the fourth you as bishop to step down in the sex abuse scandal rocking the church This once is rocking all the way like a lot better when they say warling auxiliary bishop James have McCarthy 59 pastor of samelizabeth and seat in church in shrub oak and westchester county Admitted of the affairs after they were brought to detention church officials and led in the derived Saturday The United States today came only hours after the Vatican accepted the resignation of Bishop Jake Kendrick William 65 of Lexington Kentucky was accused in three sex abuse cases of which we talked at length yesterday In New York the arts dicey said McCarthy's affairs took place over the course of several years Church officials said they'll cooperate with prosecutors if any legal issues arise from the affairs Speaking of an affair to remember Agnals that I had improper relationship with the woman that included sexual contact that began when she was approximately 21 years old McCarthy said in the statement issued last night. I also now as I had improper sexual contact with other women Archbishop egan said I take this opportunity to express my personal care and concern for all involved in the situation and particular any women in their families who may have been hurt and for bishop McCarthy as well of course Of course just too much ago McCarthy had spoken about how the ongoing scandal involving sexual abuse by priest Teddy wrote a relationship between priest and their parishioners The resignations came two days before the start of that gathering and Dallas by the bishops to cover this whole thing up Another developments the Salt Lake City dice. He said three priest were moved from their post after the bishop reviewed 50 years of abuse allegations The allegations are not recent said Monica howa Johnson but didn't she have that chain of restaurants and makes some good ice cream to howa Johnson Communications director for the dice is what a name. It's a hyphenated name Monica howa Johnson All mechelated where you want to meet howa Johnson In Patterson New Jersey bishop Frank J. Rodamir voted to reimbursed the dice he's a quarter of a million dollars For part of illegal settlement and paid on his behalf the family of a young sex abuse victim I don't think he has any obligation to repay but it's his choice and he's the boss to have Kenneth Malini the dice is lawyer Then were archbishop Charles Chapet was that kaput said he supports a policy that allows for no second chances for abusive priest Chapet also says that no-known abuses are serving in the Denver archdiocese and A 30-year-old woman filed a 10-million dollar lawsuit against the Cleveland dice he's alleging that a priest wrote and kissed her when she was in grade school Robert Tiake church spokesman said that icy's hadn't seen the lawsuit and of course like everybody else in the universe had no comment 20 till 10 years one thing we can comment about and that's fat Take it from the expert man fat is debilitating. It's not good for your health. It's ugly Makes you feel like crap makes you feel like you want to lay down in a corner all the time Just ask the beast who i guarantee it feels a lot better as of a few days ago I bet he's not even more than this now But as of a few days ago in less than three months he's lost 32 pounds on balance for life This is a young man who i guarantee was an a virgin being on the way out when you agree with that oh Any day no any breath could have been his last good guy we all like him but the fact of the matter is he was just Rotesque now he's becoming a shadow himself and he's doing it the easy way because balance for life doesn't force you to make any choices Well the only choice you make is the two alternatives that they give you the give it a list with alternative for each meal Every day to try and a program if you don't have to make any shopping choices because you don't go shopping They bring you a little black sack and by the way the good news is oh We got that all straight now. We're black on a back on a black sack routine Every morning by six a and they deliver a little black sack that's got all your food for the day and This 20 in there believe me. You're not gonna go hungry three hormonally boutscore Maybe he was there delicious made with the best ingredients in money can buy two delicious snacks and even a 69's bottle water It's right in there to worship down So you don't have to count calories. You don't have to count carbs all you have to do is count the pounds that you're losing They after day after day they're trying to program So get in shape for stemmers starting right now and who knows you might even be wearing a bathing suit Maybe even a thong bikini before the summers over just like the the beast will that be a sight to see You first call balance for life nine five four 5 6 8 32 29 and start losing the way the easy way nine five four five six eight 30 20 nine or check out their website if you like at www dot balance for life dot Plains New York We march over nine Which radio five six You a yeah come on baby come play with these cities Okay Hey What do myself just yet Like my funny magazine You look up on Some obsessed We take it out and can I found a secret little place You love yourself away I'm just takes some time Feel that the dude would come and horse right everything everything will feel all right Everything everything will be all right All right Hey I should feel ashamed When I'm turning butter all alone You can't come in You can try right now Just beat yourself Soon you'll know that you have finished up with no one else You just take some time Feel that the dude with your man horse right everything everything will feel all right Everything everything will be all right all right You just take your time Feel that the dude with your man horse right everything everything Feel all right All we're fine. I was thinking of Dan Stewart So Jack Wagner's on the list here all I need from 1984. Would you remember that which luckily I don't Jack Wagner from General Hospital We're going to certain people. I don't want to mention a name all we're fine It's like a butterfly and things like a queen bee but nevertheless So here's a fact that Not a good fact good intentions, but unfortunately A lot of mistakes Well, where's my harness racing story we'll quickly and I promise I won't call during McCarty Larry McCarty again Do you think I can find it? I It's very short. I know Dick Feinberg won here about if he doesn't know about it already I can't find it Dan Huh But I want to make sure that I get it right, but I can't it's in here somewhere one moment please Can't find it Can you find it? No, I Oh, here it is. Toda could find it After spending seven years exiled from the sport he once dominated because of allegations of race fixing Canadian driver Irvephydian's on the verge of return to harness racing Boy the Pennsylvania State harness racing commission is decided to grant filion 62 of angers Quebec a one-year Condition license this allows for yon hoes and river since being suspended in 1995 The chance to become the first man to record 15,000 wins in his career How do you like that? Let's hear it for Irvephydian Send it back to freehold rave along, okay. So anyway this facts Me and you in a dog named boob by lobo well You believe that? Lobo no, lobo had lots of hits Lobo who sister was her name was Labia? I love you to want me that was a great song every it's in fact that was a bigger hit than me in you in a dog named boob That reached number two boob for two weeks I'd love you to want me remember that that was a great song. Yeah, that was his best song ever Don't expect me to be your friend. I was number eight. I think a mole re recorded that And then he had a bunch of other minor hits like you're sure took a long long time How can I tell her sending it to the line? Don't tell me good night and when you were where where where? How would you when I was falling in love? Here's one one out of four eight bed whoever sent us this facts well actually he's got two but time clay and what the world needs now Two of two obscure Remember that yeah, or they had the actual footage of the assassinations of uh JFK and RFK and Martin Luther King and all that stuff in the background to obscure Tom Clay Who by the way was a district he had KGBS Los Angeles when he made that recording so that's that's accurate But we're the only one we're putting on there is Timothy by the boys b boo ys oh yeah We've talked about that song in fact once upon a time I had it Man, in fact, maybe it's still in there somewhere in that studio Timothy by the boys. Don't you remember somebody brought that in for special Beoh I didn't I don't like to song by the way. I hate to song He also has got the lead zeppelin stairway to heaven. I mean let's get Let's get serious okay First of all, thank goodness. That wasn't their only hit because that would like eliminate everything else As you look it up on the list if I can find a goddamn thing where is it lead zeppelin a whole lot of love was number four And then they had some minor hits immigrant song black dog dire maker trampled underfoot and full in the rain So that one's wrong and also he's got five man electoral band and son then we had deal with that yesterday It wasn't on the list No, because we love cuz I looked at that. Oh, that's right. They had another hit. They had absolutely right and you are Right, so nice job sir. Here's a fact. This is happy anniversary OJU piece of crap I'll get to my OJU story eventually here, but we have a lot of work to do This was number three on yesterday's list Norman Greenbaum. Oh, I'm sure that he like converted to some like you know bizarre religion Like Christianity some like then Psychologics And you're right the instrument of the genus here's the only good part of song How could that have been number three out of all those great songs we had on their yesterday? I mean is that even in the same league with Huh? No Oh I'm just like this all day just got a bonus What is wrong with you people after they had 10 votes out of like almost a thousand So what have we gone here and I guess what I'm gonna have to do well we probably should play a little bit of some of the crappy ones on here too I'm not putting this on the list The key set What you get be wedding on T said And then of course yesterday this also had only 10 which people you know there are people on death row for less offenses Then only 10 people voting for this is being the best the one hit wonder of all time. Hey, I tried just for the sympathy factor And what goes good with the T said by the way? Momulate? Yeah on your scones Or on your stones Oh that that is just it just it makes you a week in the knees that song is so good, you know Something about song for them, and there's something definitely wrong out of it's the air the drinking water There's just something very very and then of course also we had like four-spotable to vote for this Even even though you play like down there you play a couple of bits of this over and over and that's still doesn't know Six votes six crappy votes for white claims But but that's yesterday. Okay, we don't want to turn back we want to move ahead So I guess we'll have to put on some of the ones that I played a little bit so I also didn't even realize on this this the one I wonder described got that they were that recent because we got a balance this out that's what I'm trying to do today So I have some older stuff on here and also some 80s and 90s stuff So you punks on your little punks out there. There wouldn't know real music if it bit you on the ass I will have something that you at least recognize For example Robert's favorite Axel F Harold Fulter my I put that on you now. What movies that from Beverly Hills, Compton oh We Okay, I bet down yes Have you got the Paul hard castle 19 65 Never heard that in my life Realize that shocking you never heard it was all over the radio down here In the goblin cram cry Never heard this unit 19 was 1985 Axel F was 85 and this was 1985 Never heard Don't know it don't know for me He's my fan And I don't want him and then of course we did this as they but we didn't put it on list for some reason the divine also and I touched myself We didn't put it on there. They go no Let's get it out here today For it's too late Before we forget about I Was okay in his moments I give it about a two and a half on a scale of 45 Paul focuses on church scandal Just under half the public has a favorable view of America's Roman Catholic Church in a new pool a Significant drop from February is the church struggles with the scandal over child sex abuse by priests The ABC news poll released yesterday says 47% of the public has a favorable view of the Catholic Church down from 63% in February Among Catholics seven and ten had a favorable view down from nine and ten in February Let's see March April May that's four months ago Roman Catholic bishops are meeting in Dallas as you know this week and plan to wish you an national policy to be formed Church's handling of child abuse allegations and find a better way to sweep it all back under the carpet The poll of a thousand four adults was taken Friday through Sunday and as an error margin of plus or minus three percentage points Larger for a subgroups like Catholics among the polls other findings a fifth of those pool 22% approved of the way the church is handling the issue While three fourths disapprove a third of Catholics have proved how he liked that three quarters of everybody disapproved and a third of Catholics Approved means two thirds disapproved Four and five of the overall public in Catholics that are priest who is sexually abused one adolescent child should automatically be removed from the priesthood Some church officials have recommended a policy that's slightly more lenient I being a hard ass prick like I am say that they ought to be in jail Almost nine and ten said the practice of not calling place when a priest is accused of abuse has been a major part of the problem and more than three fourths said the church policy of not allowing priest to marry is a part of the problem With half saying it's a major contributor an equal number pointed when etiquette's screening and preparation of priests There you go. A lot of priest stuff today. I apologize for that. I can't help it 956 do I apologize for that? That's just a joke 956 at 560 WQM We don't apologize for brandy shoes man because they're incredible when you shop for quality foot where we know that selection and professional service Are very important to everyone and prices probably at the top of your list When you can't beat the prices at brandy's because you got the biggest election of men's and women shoes in town A best service in south Florida the best prices in the universe period We're talking top quality names like rock ports Spiries timber naturalizer and lots more and whether humongous selection the chances are very slim that you'll ever hear anybody say the Brandy's sorry we don't have that style in your size they won't say that because they got it Brandy's is open daily 9 to 9 Sundays 10-0 5 and you'll be finding them at 1290 North federal highway in Pompano Beach When it comes to price selection and service they are unbeatable and don't forget all this wicked Brandy's men's and women's rock port pro walkers only 5290 this week Were you fudge back him? He's just a poor bitch. He's my master. I'm hanging by my testicles for her Still little heels are praying for When they're up I bust But that thing is not bad When you're hanging from your nuts and I've been hanging from my testicles for days Now my balls are riding and decay It's just a poor bitch. He's my master I'm hanging by my testicles for her My scroll don't used to be and normal say Now I can pull it halfway up my back I'm moving the cheese my master I'm hanging by my testicles for her Oh right Number 5 yesterday just barely eating out taco by a couple of hotels Really a I'm gonna get to the park Really? Yeah I love you What else you're sounds good on my speakers? And you're not telling me what you could hear it But the speakers down there are pretty crappy So anyway, we're gonna have compiling list number two The second and a 500 part series of the best one hit one When we're in a course there are so god damn many of them Man, they're just a zinnonum if you want to check out that website That Eric recommends enthusiastically Onehit wondercentral.com Onehit wondercentral.com And it's got year by year 85 training decade by decade and then you go year by year Now we're getting to argue about some of these now how many you got? Counting ballpark give me a ballpark number Uh 15 maybe Fifty? Fifteen? Oh 15 I don't say 50 otherwise I'd see into this 14 is exactly Okay, so now there's we got room for like another 25 30 Sure And we'll go down and slow us number and have to rely on you and Robert I don't know for Robert knows any of these he knew that one Why don't I don't know what kind of music Robert listen to what kind of music he listen to? Let's see metal Holy metal Oh Four non-blons four non-blons what's up? Oh, what's going on? Oh, what's up? Is the name of the song but yeah No, are we writing that on there? No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. I don't know any of these songs There's it was a big hit they remixed it that was it from them Okay four non-blons what's up? What's up? Make sure you get it spelled right on here Yeah, just like that how about whale and hobo hump and slobo bait is slow boba What is that? Slobo? I saw the video for that. Hobo hump and slow boba I didn't think that was ever a hit though Oh, that sounds like right up your alley. Yeah, whale they're from like Finland or good. Letting you back or something like that. Tasman archer sleeping satellite. Well, that was a big hit on the coast. Okay, there you go. There's another one for you. How about US 3 and cantaloupe flip fantasia? Oh yeah. Oh yeah, what? It was a hit. It was a hit. It was a hit. Well, of course these were all hits. I mean, it's a tummy that it was a hit. It's not like a profound. It doesn't tell me anything I need to know. It was a one hit. I don't know. You're by the way for these 93 94 95 in this particular page that I'm working on right now. Yeah. Positive K. I got a man. I heard that one before. And not the best, but it's an old 80s. Not the best. No, it's not the 80s. It's 1993. 93 93. Who did you have that? Who did you have that? Who did you have that? What? Who did cantaloupe? Us 3. Okay. Oh, us 3. I thought it was US 3. It's like in in in excess. First time I'm on say to when I read a poem. What's the point about in excess? I read inks. And they thought it was cute. But I expect from an old guy like me. I mean, I'm even older than kids. Kirby, who thinks he's programming the young people. So what do you think about that? But what Griffin thing, huh? What's to think? I don't know. I think she's pretty old. I think the act was old is what they meant to say. I see. Well, darling. 69 boys. Tootsie roll. Never heard of it. I'm a little old. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Yeah, just like to see your tootsie. Yeah. Who did that again? 69 boys. V.O.I.Z. That's 1994. What about tag team? What about tag team? There it is. Oh, yeah. What now what year was that? See Robert's confusing the pool now because he's strong stuff in here, which is in about, okay, just a second. He's strong stuff that's not on my current page. I mean, you know, if you're just we're just going to open a tag team, won't there it is that was 1993, you're right. Very good Robert. Like I told you, he's got to stum on it. You better put that on there. Tag team and won't. There it is. How do you spell won't? W.H.O.O.M.P. Exclamation point and then in parentheses. There it is. Another one of those sports jog dumb dumb dumb dumb or dumbest things. Nope. There it is. Oh, God. I think we could have like 65,000 just not today's pool if you ask me. How about Big Mountain and baby I love your way? Okay. Didn't the Peter Franklin sing you original on it? It sounds about right? Oh, come on. Come on, Brandon. Jesus Christ is because he's some little, Empress did Faggot that comes up to your kneecap. You got to like Peter Franklin. He has a tiny penis we hear. Well, so. What's it to you? How come I can't find Peter Franklin in my book? It was him. Here it is. Baby I love your way. 1976 and one was this horrible remake done. See why did they keep me making songs that don't need to be remade or was has they like imagination and they want to cash in on it. Baby Mountain and baby I love your way. 4 p.m. Suki Aki. Oh, yeah. Suki Aki is another one that didn't need it. And you know who did the original Suki Aki? I'm going to even have to look it up. Oh, no. I'm not. Capital records. Kews. How do you like that for? I know a lot of crap in your brain, huh? Even if this advanced stage. Kews. Saka moto. No, I'll put 4 p.m. on there. Suki Aki. Suclos to lunchtime. Okay. Oh, crash test dummies and mmm. Huh? Yeah. One of our favorites. Now you're going to have a tough time spilling the title correctly. No, no, no, no, how does it spell? You do? Yeah. Mmm. Yeah. That's exactly a 1994. The crash test dummies. That'll get some votes. Oh, then I dick. A bigger pardon. Can we say that? No. Did I dick in New Age girl? Bring any bills for you? No. Am I writing a down? No. Well, don't just pour it right in there. No, because there are too many of them. I'm relying on some knowledge there. I mean, this is 1994, five. I don't know anything about the American music from those years. If we're doing like European music, I know a little bit. Like real music. Um, Edwin Collins, a girl like you. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. What? Yeah. It was a mediocre. Okay. Well, don't put it on there if you think it was mediocre. Of course you think a lot of stuff is mediocre, right? Sorry. Not that. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. penis. Shocking. It is shocking. You know? It's like tricky to keep one sentence. Just shot. Remember that? I think you could probably snap in different pieces of it. And got me some long time a time. Was that like a few words, like you? Oh, so anyway, I'm sitting here dealing with these lists. I'm supposed to be giving you some of these off these discs. This will be on here. Right? Yeah. The fourth spiral staircase, more than eight, than yesterday. I don't remember, but eight. I was okay. It was one of those after you heard it about the four-time that we said. It was pretty good, but I don't want to hear it anymore. You know? Right. It was pretty good, but the three or four times that was enough. And this will be on here. Smith. Far darker, complexed focus. SMIFF, Smith. My girlfriend, baby, is you? Yeah. I'm the way you snap out. See, maybe step out. You did. You didn't step on it. Very close, very tight. Let's have a replay. Just a replay. If they can do it in the NBA, we can do it on the heroine show. Instantly play for Stepan on Song. How about the flying machine? Do I have a little idea, as my friends? You'll see my little y'all circles. Cody, get a sharpie. Man, even an Iowa, there's not corn like this. If flying machine is my little smile for me, there's special. Lo's Marie. What about your name? Or are they? You really should accept me. Got us? Time needs to go for good. Got us? It's just my little smile for me, or there's something in parenthesis. That's all you need. That's the name. And just to prove we don't play only stuff we like. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Hopefully. Are we crazy, John there? Tracy, where'd I with you? Something new to you? That's as if all the sea live in Tracy, day after two. When you're the spray. Okay. And just in case you missed the yesterday, and I think it did, it made the number two as a matter of fact. A distant number two to a table of light by soft cell. But mountain, this is a big queen. I was going to swim with the good little scabbler. Just a joke. I think it was a good cup of garlic. I think it was a happy one. Oh no, you had that voicemail this morning about how he really died. Yeah. Still not how he used to do the gang bang with some guys. What is some terrible group sex? And he liked to watch his wife getting gang banged. Now he's dead. Feel as papillardy of Mrs. of a mountain. How about over the mountain by Johnny and Joe? But they had something else. That was a great song, remember that? Yep. Way before you were born. But it's after 10 at 5. 60 WMV. You noticed that all the good music was written before George was born. You think it's just a coincidence? Oh, no. Not before 64. Here's a simple question for you. Well, over the mountain was like in the 50s. Yeah, 64 was the Beatles and the Beach Boys. That was the end of all the good news. Let's start with the aerosmith. Here's a simple question for you. If somebody offered to give you several thousand dollars of the next few years, would you accept it? Of course you would. Don't be stupid. Which makes it really foolish to pass up an opportunity. We find answer by a home at only 3.95%. Here's what we're talking about. There's a fanty made program available at just 3.95%. For both refinancing and purchasing of homes. Think about it. Just 3.95%. And all you have to do is call financial group. They'll give you all the information about how this works. Call toll free 1-800-940-5363. That's 1-800-940-5363. Did I say my thing? I said I clearly. If you were specific, you can get a hundred grand with payments of only $175. Or get yourself 200 grand with payments of only $950. You'll save yourself a Schmidt motor cash. So it'd be downright stupid to pass up an opportunity to do something like that. So do the math and do the smart thing. Get all the details with no obligation by calling our friends at financial group. Toll free it's 1-800-940-940-5363. There are an equal housing lender. Credit restrictions do apply and rates are subject to. We're tapering. We'll be more than 269-840-5364. We'll be more than 269-840-5364. You can't be kidding. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's you, man. Yeah, I can't be kidding. Coming up tonight on Inside the Behind the True Hollywood Celebrity Music by Agrafe Profile Story. We take a good, hard, stiff look in the start-up. She made us laugh as only a decrepit incontinent old person saying something suggestive can. She was clearer and clearer. The old lady who said, where's the beef? What I liked was that where's the beef? Could be about a hamburger patty. But it could also be about a man's private parts. In tonight's archived view, Clara talks openly about the devil untonged or contained in the slogan. You know, where's the beef? Could be something you'd say about. A man's penis. Clearly, Clara was not unaware of how the phrase entered pop culture. You could be talking about his trousers, Snake. Yes, Clara Peller was as feisty as her unscreen persona. Could be a reference to his rod. Are you swinging a witty? His looser! His looser! Uh-huh. Yeah, okay, that's enough Clara. His little soldier! His bloop-sword! I guess, Steppy! His... wait! Did I see... ...a... That's my favorite one. Clara Peller. We had hoped she would shout at the stereotype of the elderly as Hornie half seen how not jobs. But, well, what are you gonna do? It's a big... juicy, stopping with look at show business tonight on Inside the Behind. So where is the beef when you come right down to it? Clara, ten eighteen, course you still did. That's a bad part for Clara. So good facts is here, something in the air by Thunderclap Newman, you are... Absolutely correct. And how many times have I played that on here and tried to pedal that to the South Lower Audiences? Well, we'll put it on there, Thunderclap Newman's something in the air, but they don't like it. Don't ask me why. Maybe it's just too good. Here's when who says, love the no-call format. And I'm glad you mentioned that because last week when I was down there for those three days, I want to apologize for Monday if you Wednesday of last week, and George especially once to apologize for last Thursday when I was in transit back here to Toronto. Yeah. Oh. But I think it's good that we do that once in a while just to prove a point that the calls are so bad that they're like a show stopper or a show destroyer, they're like the end of the universe. Just to prove the point, not that we really have to. Anyway, when says, yesterday you mentioned the next stand a couple of games in Newtville Thursday, that's right, wrap it up to our night boys, hey, cut the crap. And by the way, Igor Larry on off of an asshole when he was in Florida playing for the... I say, playing for the Panthers when he was wearing the Panther uniform, which he never played a lick. Never exerted one ounce of effort. Now that he's back with a great team, all of a sudden the edge of 41 he's re-found is... is regained his youth. Makes me sick. Anyway, it says, that's because the F&MBA finals are Monday nights, so we don't have... They don't want to go up against that, so they had to push it back to the mall. As far as one hit wonders and here's when is absolutely correct. Turning Japanese by the vapors, he's right. I looked it up, of course. It was without saying. But Frank, who seems to have a problem in Frank every day, faxes some... Some incorrect information. He says, poor hard castle had hit with rain force in the mid 80s, so he doesn't qualify as the one hit wonder. Well, guess what Frank, rain force wasn't a hit, it didn't make Billboards top 40. For those that don't know, even as a greatest hit CD says, Frank, and guess what Frank, you're still wrong. How do you like that? Ha ha ha ha ha. So, I don't mess with our list. And Deb, Deb, he says, and she is correct. How could we figure out how could Georgia forgotten this? Yeah. And I could go back there in the TV themes and whip this right out and play it again. But I think I've already done that a little bit too much anyway. Believe it or not, theme from the... It's actually called the theme from the greatest American hero. Yeah, how could I have forgotten that? Joy Scarberry, a medley of his smash. Great song! Theme from the greatest American hero. We don't have to put believe it or not, because that's not really officially the name. Okay. Got it? Got it. So the list is growing and now... Awesome, both! See, it's amazing, because by these CDs, very, very cheap. Great CDs, best of kind of things. And yeah, I look them up in my book, and I find out for example, there's 12 cuts on this one, and two, four, five, seven. Or is it eight? Well, I can't see my eight, I guess. Eight out and twelve are like one hit one. I have the march. Yeah. That's how... The streets are in the front stand. I want you to hop inside my car. I got the things I got to carry on with the moment. And I could take what you've been given to start. I don't feel the pain there. I've got it. Yeah, I'll do all three save, I'll wait a second, so that's how it's done. I got the things I got to carry on with the hand. I'm going to link in you, and ready to stop. I'm going to save all babies, I'll drag into anything I want to do. I'm just going to get so close to one of them, and I'm going to make a soaps of news. I'm going to give them that soul. I'm going to grab your hat and a formula. I got the formula. I've got the power to mold it from the shore. Oh, you got you. Well, I have a way to get your own show. I just stationed out an alley wall. And I don't care if you're waiting for the Lord. I just was long as you could stroke me though. I'm on the same boat, baby. And you'll do everything I want to do to you. I'm your consultant, one bottle. Spank your nature and have desire you. I'm going to vote you. I'm going to vote you. Oh, you're a good doctor. I'm talking to real doctor. That's why I'm like insulting, because I'm just an ass. Oh, man. I'm talking to a lot of people. You know, we have many controversial people in a radio business. And you can ask, like 50 different people. Like you'd be a 50 different person of that person. Every single person I've ever mentioned, Walter Sabo's name is said the same thing. He's an asshole. Yeah. Every one of them. Even people he worked for said he's an asshole. So how do you like that? In fact, I think especially people who worked for stations he up the destroy. Anyway, you get that, uh, I did March. Yes, I did. And we had this on yesterday. Rod Kethon, right? Which did very well. But I figured so much about play a little bit of it. I played this earlier. Blue's image. Maybe this morning. It was number four. I played it before the show. Number four on yesterday. Number four on yesterday. Number three men. Down. From the San Francisco Bay. See, probably there's some punks out there thinking, well, you don't have to go out and buy all these suities. See these. You can download these for free and burn your own city. I could do that. But you know something you'll have much time that would take. So you can have downloading? Yes. From yesterday. Also, we have a guest. How about the house dog? Thank you, Bob. Brian. How did tornadoes? Yes. How was that? 61. You got this. 61 or two. I'm going to have to look that up. It had to have been 63 or four. No. No. No, because I was in Boston when I was a hit. All right. Remember Bruce Bradley playing that on WBC and Boston. And Jefferson K. But those were the great days for radio. Tell star 111762. Oh, like I said. Okay, let us hear today and it did very well. Number four. But let's move on. Now you wrote down the eyes of March. How about this piece? I mean, this great sign. I guess what they called their pet dog. Toto? Yeah. I'd love the other than you. Ten ten toast and marmalade for tea. What do you think? I don't grab. Have you never heard that? I don't think so. I might have to be inspired to play the whole thing. That's what you're like. How long? I'll be right back. But I'm not going to do that. I'll put that on there. I never heard it before. Ten ten my ass. 26 after ten at five 60 WQM here's something a little more down to worth. Tom Laman. He's got at least one foot on a ground. It's how it's 2002. New Rogers, Neil Deal, blow out sail. Go in on the Hall of Pontiac right now. At 134 or one south. Tixie Highway. That's in the same location. You know, they've always been over 35 years of making great deals for people. On US one right across in the falls. Where the lowest sale price right as I speak is marked on the invoice. All 2002 cars and trucks in stock. You can choose from 1.9% financing or get you up to a $3,500 rebate. And while you're at Hall of Beashur and take a peek at the complete line of GMC SUVs, including Beyond Roy, voted by Motor Trend as the SUV of the year. In fact, why do there also be sure to ask Tom Laman if he really has any Rogers blow up down? Plus see the all new VBS UV vibes got the power of his sports car at just a fraction of the price. Halls also got a stupidest lecture pre-owned cars, dependable pre-owned cars trucks and SUVs. And if you've been turned down for credit any place else in the world, have no fear because Hall of Beashur is here. They'll get you to deal worked out even if George has to make the payments. About time he makes some of these payments. It's the 2002 New Rogers Neil Neil blow out sale going on right now. By the way, we got that thing in a mail. Good. And Hall of Potty, GMC and also got my check anyway. Thank you. I'll take your Clarence's doing a hell of a job. Clarence is doing one hell of a job, Duff. I just mentioned that. It's the 2002 New Rogers Neil Neil blow out sale going on right now at Hall of Potty, GMC, which is just what I was starting to say before George interrupted me. 134.01 South Thixie Highway on U.S. Want to cross from the falls open every day, seven days a week. For more info, you can call the Neil Rogers Neil the O'Hottline at 1.5344211. That's 1.538. 5344211. Hall of Potty, GMC, we... You made it. That's a pretty slammer. We've dated 1 on Sports Committee of 560, QAAM. This is the most disgusting program I've heard everyone to complain to the station. Once there was this kid who had a little accident and had to one from school but we back. His friends gave him a name of stinky toys. He tried to make the John but you know he could in home. He was a little bit too old. Here's one of my favorite all-time songs but I'm not sure that this is the right group. That is quote was that the right group pictures of match the man. I'm going to go on and find that somewhere. If I have to scour this way. Is that sound like the right group? Sure. I haven't heard that in so long. But I'll just look it up in the book real quick here. And find a way to build board book other than the question mark being from Texas which they said which was wrong from Sagittal Michigan other than that billboard don't make mistakes Frank. So don't be dickin' with our thing. I've got nice instrumental music for you to look that up with. No, I got him right here. Status quote pictures of match the man. December 68. I played that on here in Kalamazoo Michigan. How do you like that? Are we right out? I like that. Yeah. Just checking. What do you plan classical gas? Yeah. Mason Williams. Well, I don't know. What do you mean you think they qualify? I can't remember any other hit thing out of that. Well, what do you mean thing? He. Well, you know Mason and William. I think you're wrong. Look it up. But I'll look it up. I'm looking at that right now as you speak as you're playing that. Here's Roger Williams on him. Lee's member Roger Williams on Cap Record. Yep. How about Mason Williams? Like I said that's the only hit he ever had. Classical gas was number two for two weeks. He did a two two in 1968. One of the outstanding instruments of all time. I've been hard times ago. Yeah. Side drop some of the elevator here yesterday's a matter of fact. People were scattering. Scat. How about. Ah. Speak it up in the middle. Oh, but before we play that. How about pictures of matchs. Sigma by status quotes. 68 they are the most successful rock band of all time in the UK where they've racked up 56 chart hits in 1968 even bigger than the Beatles in Westlight. They also had over 40 hits in both Germany and Holland where there were over 500 Dutch names of the members of the fan club. 5000. 5000 Dutch members of the status quo fan club. Next time you're in Holland, go to a record store and see how many albums they've got. And as somebody if they've been popular last to 30 years, they're in the one hit Wonder book. But whatever I can't read the bottom line, this is the come out of the facts. How do you like that? Huh? So that'll be another thing when I go to the 85,000 different record stores in Amsterdam. Then we'll come up with some really heavy duty crap. Thank you. Thank you. This is pretty good. The assembled multitude. You didn't think that was pretty good? I loved it. The overture from Tommy. Hmm. I didn't know that was a group though. I thought that was just then the who. No. What do I know? Not much. You're ready to get down? Yes, of course. Are you kidding me? See you guys. Hey. It's over. See. Awesome. That's called the theme over. Overchairs from Tommy. And then in parentheses, a rock opera. Let's get all the names right on here. Just for a week. Just for a week. And then we'll see. And then we'll see. And then we'll see. And then we'll see. And then we'll see. And then we'll see. And then we'll see. And then we'll see. And then we'll see. And then we'll see. And then we'll see. And then we'll see. And then we'll see. And then we'll see. And then we'll see. And then we'll see. And then we'll see. And then we'll see. And then we'll see. And then we'll see. And then we'll see. And then we'll see. And then we'll see. And then we'll see. And then we'll see. And then we'll see. And then we'll see. And then we'll see. And then we'll see. And then we'll see. And then we'll see. And then we'll see. And then we'll see. And then we'll see. And then we'll see. And then we'll see. And then we'll see. And then we'll see. And then we'll see. And then we'll see. And then we'll see. And then we'll see. And then we'll see. And then we'll see. And then we'll see. And then we'll see. And then we'll see. And then we'll see. And then we'll see. And then we'll see. And then we'll see. And then we'll see. And then we'll see. And then we'll see. And then we'll see. And then we'll see. And then we'll see. And then we'll see. And then we'll see. And then we'll see. And then we'll see. And then we'll see. And then we'll see. And then we'll see. And then we'll see. And then we'll see. And then we'll see. And then we'll see. And then we'll see. And then we'll see. And then we'll see. And then we'll see. And then we'll see. And then we'll see. And then we'll see. And then we'll see. And then we'll see. And then we'll see. And then we'll see. And then we'll see. And then we'll see. And then we'll see. And then we'll see. And then we'll see. And then we'll see. And then we'll see. And then we'll see. And then we'll see. And then we'll see. And then we'll see. And then we'll see. And then unfortunately had other. And then we'll see. And then we'll see. And then we'll see. Well. Next. And then. And then we'll see. But there's just one. OK. And then if you want. Also. OK. The heavily built it. So maybe we have it. See. They're like. So I guess luckily. For us to hit. So we don't have to put that piece. It's a crap on there. Because I. Oh. I mean that was kind of like. But never in the original Oh He did yeah a lot to at least on the other I don't have a yeah, I don't have a yellow thing on it Well, it just happens to be on the CD don't start playing push boss now And just because you start to get so ornory I'm gonna play like I'm gonna play this just because you get in order Because Hank wants you He puts on I'll have a show in Vegas Better better you that outside Nice talk up hey You're that Never trust people who talk to their teeth. You know I'm shame. Yes, that he don't you This creature me Don't Here we go, that's going Have we ever done a pull about I guess we have all the recording artists the ones that you hate the most have we ever done in? I don't know did we do this? I don't know but if if we have how come my newton didn't win Here's a song about the short flights to do at least by a group plan I like the fly Put that on there on your August 72 flashed called small beginnings Remember that no, no, no, how about I know you remember this and you disputed you said oh he had other hits well guess what Didn't Our log got free city after all he was me October 32 And let I out be over's and a lot of other margarals stuff but no hits One of that towels is right right Wait you wanted it hit to be quite on the radio set on holiday right Much like Bob Dylan I thought coming in the law sign to les was a hit no, I just say Los Angeles I argued with my billboard book I was really pissed up before I put my yellow dot on my CD here, okay? So when I tell you it's the emiss man don't ask what's dot Speaking of that Sean P did he comes might need a girl, but he swears. It's not J. Lowe You know you think that you might ever associate with anybody who's like heterosexual She seems to keep getting married to these Fagots all I mean the rap mogul is current hit as I need a girl has been mentioned in some reports as the cause of Jennifer Lopez's Separation for her husband of eight months dancer Chris Judd Come's issued a statement Monday the nine the rumors Contrary to reports mister combs and miss low pez are not together however he wishes her well during this difficult time said his publicist Natalie Moore Come's in low pace at a high profile romance for two years if you believe that anybody buy it Oh before breaking up on Valentine's Day in 2001 she married Judd one of her background dance who's seven months later At least Brittany eight mirror and there was a little torps that she had background answers. She's got those food flies you know that in her videos Yeah, I mean while another rumor speaking of people are always a rumor to be something that are associated with J. Lowe another rumor that Ben Aftlack Who recently went Gaga over J. Lowe and the Hollywood trades had a hand in the breakup has been crushed by the some of all fears stars camp Camping the operative work That'd be a poll. I'd like I guess we've done that in the past but now since there seem to be so many of them Celebrity stars that are rumored to be gay that you're just positive. You know which one of you the most positive I mean she's just never associated with anybody straight J. Lowe. Maybe that's the problem Is there anybody who believes that she's well? There you go. I was in a case course George is very emotional about that thinking about her and the big ass No, I don't like her. Oh She has right after I got these week and I'm sorry for got you's read. Have you noticed her face? Grow test yeah. Yeah. I've noticed everything about her and I'll she all she's got going is a big ass That's I did notice that that Hispanic guy that she was dancing with in that one video The one I was like almost start naked there and you know that I'm talking about no that's full make-o one. Oh come on You never saw that video. I don't I don't know which one you're talking about Man oh man Funny what is it 19 to 11 at 5 60 somebody will know somebody will elaborate. I'll tell you. I'll explain to you Of course you don't see any videos anyway because you're in America. That's why it's probably Thinking about painting your homer business. Don't paint protect your investment with liquid ceramic Liquid ceramic the technology board in NASA space program the good news is they're now available in South Florida Liquid ceramics the most advanced exterior interior and roof coating available in the universe Now you two can have the same high-tech ceramic technology that shields the space shuttle Protecting your home wall building and you'll never ever have to paint again sounds too good to be true But it's true liquid ceramic is guaranteed for as long as you own your homer building So forget about repeating every few years liquid ceramic won't fade it won't peel it's guaranteed man This did the art coating yields in our 24 insulation equivalency that helps you bring down electric bills as well Liquid ceramics available in over 1800 different colors so no matter what color your home Rebuilding is they can match it perfectly check out liquid ceramic today call 305 347 5122 liquids ceramics been manufactured and sold for over 40 years and like I said the great news is now It's available right here in South Florida call 305 3475122 That's 305 3475122 be sure to tell uncle Neil pointed to call or visit their website if you like at liquid I They were the unsung heroes of the second world war they developed a code that the Nazis couldn't break They were the breaking wind talkers I want to serve my country sir and That's a bean real for lunch Breaking wind talkers a new John we will film they fought hard They fought brave and when they sent important messages they opened a window If this is going to be a long transmission you guys need a crack on window or a lot of Mancer something yeah Their unique skill and courage may have shortened the war by six months They were the breaking wind talkers 47 at five sixty double you come we got the mad dog and one we got Hank no Hank Am I in the right day? Well, that's what we got a day game today Marlon deck at one thirty so mad dog is coming in for half an hour that seems ridiculous to me You know Yeah, see if tourists would have been smart you would ask me hey you want to do an extra half hour and mad dog can have the day off One out of an smart guy Huh you would have said yes Why to hell that oh just based on precedent What are you talking about I've done extra stuff? I don't know what you're talking about gladly Not like I happily you are you're just such a little prick man. It's unbelievable sure I have All right Not gladly I an infected time I was volunteering there. I guess it's probably too late Probably but anyways I can have Robert right out there. No nobody comes in for a half an hour I mean just the driving alone where the hell does he live he lives in date County then I I don't know Not a few smart I know little dog lives in plantation. I don't know where managed gloves But anyway just to come in here the driving alone be more than a half hour to do on the air It makes no sense to me Marlon's on deck at one thirty tomorrow. It's a Kansas city where they got shot out five as a last night At 205 Hank will be on after the baseball He also should have a fairly short show till seven o'clock the big Land of Alzagiri at seven eddy K after him and then Jolmarco overnight to the six So that's a schedule and the effect that managed has to come in for half hour pains me greatly. How to phone it in Yeah, you can just place one hit wonders for a half hour. I could just play music for half hour and a guarantee And of course leading up to the Marlon's get a bigger number than the Marlon's right you bet make no mistake about that Oh, guess what I did for a dead Oh, because I'm such a nice guy President said you're good lord because the sun will shine sometime today or tomorrow sooner later And it's gonna get to 75 Joey Scarberry what now what is the history I don't know his story. I could never know I want to take a look at a football field as Calgary capital already here sports Oh Guess what Joey Scarberry was born 6755 and Ontario, California How do you like that? I didn't know there was one theme from the greatest American hero You didn't know there was what Ontario, California right there's a very famous airport there I've in fact I have a floner Good song 18 weeks on a charge in 81 and we've number two for two we should get a good It's fortunate because he had to play too much on here when he's like a district Now big Arnie who's a chronic factor and usually a fairly astute guy I'm kind of a Yahoo He says yesterday was the worst bunch of songs ever heard in my life can you believe that? Yeah, he says today today is just his bad What are hard as what are Schmidt head you know However my all-timeostated song in a history the world is not a one-hit wonder it's that unbelievable song by Paul Anca Having my baby now you're starting to redeem yourself Arnie He says oh man the lyrics the seed inside you I feel a growing man in the baby too this song makes me puke We're gonna have to find that this is a parody so I see thank you on Well, why didn't we play it? Oh, I didn't know you wanted to it. What's your call? I'll play another baby Oh, that not one play that that's that's self-serving that's a George bit. Yeah. That's a book of writing to her dog. Oh So here's a facts from somebody like one out of four-hands bed A rest of development in Tennessee when the none out of four because the rest of development had a bunch of hits Did you know that yes People every day mr. Wendell and Tennessee but all three of which were top 10 so guess what? And they also got blister in the sun from the violin fems they had a lot of good songs But I think that was their only hit that well wasn't a top 40. It wasn't a 40-hit wow any commosie hot step or hot step or also didn't make it He he he from I'm crazy Well, I think you are crazy because so Thank you very much for your I bet you big Arnie being pressed with that list Here's one it says and another one it's wrong. Oh, this is from rich factor. I recognize that the little are on the bottom It says back in 67 it was a singer by the name of Wayne Cochran As and why is he telling me this wing was on my show it wasn't he real tight with Rick and suds? I don't know Or with Renuri with somebody an IOD he was real tight. He was on all the time and he was on my show I know Wayne Or maybe with Craig Warding he was really tight so to speak anyway Wayne Cochran who had one hit a one hit wonder called get down with it now is a preacher on TVN with Paul and Jan Crotch Right switch factor. Well guess what get down with it didn't make it wasn't a hit Not in a book So we got a lot of people who are like a speculating lots of wild stuff here, but they're coming up with stuff that just Didn't make it Now let's see where we leave off on the list see and I'm missing out on all the other good stuff I got to get to the OJ story but we still got a couple hours to go maybe two and a half hours What do you say about that man? It's thing, huh? What about it? No, I really serious if they would have asked me see they were afraid to ask me Right I would have been I'd been delighted to do it not enough was like some other people I would have said no if it would have like a gacky at a said you couldn't me But for mad dog I would certainly do that half hour Especially if he keeps bringing me naked pictures of Tom Brady or maybe he's listening maybe he'll call in Yeah, calling on a bat line okay mad dog and let him know I'd be delighted to do one to one thirty four Although he's probably got some spots, but they could play his spots on on on a tape right don't you think? Of course they can in fact we know they must have Montapecos Joe Rose did the show On Monday So they must have the mad dog if he's got any spots and by the way speaking that how come on a morning show Robert how come gilding this all the live spots? He's Howard's got a couple But most of the ones I hear are gildy Yes, that is true Just calm down Robert you leave it in August anyway. Okay. Don't get all paranoid and psychotic He just wants a good resume. You know a nice good recommendation So we left off a dead eye dick and the wage girl And with columns a girl like you wait did we write that down now? Of course not good. We didn't write no dead eye dick Edwin Collins you were like you. I don't know the blues something breakfast at Tiffany's Don't know that we read next that's with an X cotton eye Joe. Oh God I don't want to hear oh God either yes or no. Yeah, no, okay. No, okay. He said no Joan Osborn one of us Yeah, okay. There we go like that. Okay. Joan Osborn one of us the original and the parody there's one while what's the parody What if God's most cannabis Really are you are you a smell on me right? What if God's most cannabis is a uh, see because we have a lot of turdies which I don't even know the guy Ding real song One of us by Joan Osborn probably put it on the guitar the right now I'll see And make brownies filled with hair Right and woody sharing with Jesus and the saints those pies And yes Yeah It is great Yeah It is good Yeah Yeah Yeah No Yeah Good I Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Heaven See they had to get the bags to go because they don't have motorcycle delivery service where they are oh unfortunately 156 at 560 WCM there's another lesson for I never knew that about one of us in Joan Osborn Man, this is like a very educational day on this show here's something else you ought to know about probably Already do know I would think five days days just about here. That's right Make that feel special by getting him a comfortable new pair of athletic shoes from our good close personal friends at new balance stores with three sensation locations for you in South Florida You'll find new balance in pinecres There were an aventura and also in Boko where they got fantastic prices for the whole family on the world's best at Lettuce and right now until fathers day by any new balance shoe and get a free Cushing support in soul that's a regular $30 value but it's yours for free now through fathers day I love the new balance shoes that I'm wearing I'm not as you're keep saying that every day and I'm not wearing them right now. I'm sitting here barefoot. I'm barefoot and like Robert Parker. How about that one? Let me write it down. I'll have to look it up here in the fridge. Just don't get nervous. Okay, give me a chance I love new balance shoes and they're the best in the world for walking around You don't fall on your ass like some of us didn't a couple years ago, but it was a loafers I was wearing and they're great for wherever you're gonna be walking to so if you need shoes Get in now at new balance stores with the staff knows footwear and your feet like nobody else They know what they look like like they what they feel like and probably what they smell like to and they still measure them The old fashioned way the width and life and the whole deal too to make sure the bottom line is they give you a perfect fit each and every time New balance stores in Miami's pinecresst. I'm a second floor of the aventura mall and in Boko in the town center Check them out on their website if you like new balancemami.com don't forget until five years day by any new balance shoe and get a free cushion support in so we'll be sure and tell me you'll send you in But hurry because this offer expired And that's iron This song's about my education gripes a sleep of day and my home room bites When time I woke up and started taking tess a minute. I think I took an SAT and that's about the time I said enough for me My TV was somewhere near 0.3 We're all I want to watch a TV shows what the hell I resonate with my friends. I guess you hear my grades What's my grades again? What's my grades again? The later on on the bus home my teacher called Former cell phone cheat on my parents all she said I thought I'd feel I knew that this was Gibberty for me and that's the point when mom and dad just loved to me I said what teacher said just good not me It suddenly I thought it come to me I'm gonna get those A's and B's by hacking their computer C. What's my grades again? What's my grades again? 112 at 560 WQ I'm not sure you want to think about the LAPD they may not be good but at least they're consistent latest scandal now LAPD let's a crime novelist go on interviews in the black case and so it looks like maybe they bought the whole case Oh no oh yeah Oh Man, you think they could convict anybody out there if anything. No, I don't think so And they got a real problem out there the LAPD Or here's a little thing about the Norman not Norman Bates, but Norman Greenbaum Although Norman's no longer involved in farm adventures. He still lives in northern California The voting is energy in the developing spirit in the sky the website That's right spirit Hey, what you laughing about it like getting a lot of mileage out of one hit Spirit of the sky dot com He's also gathering and enhancing previously unrelasementarial along with working on a set of new songs for future projects Maybe like in a future lifetime, I guess Because what was the year on that 60 Session you're written the sky 60. It was 70 not only 32 years ago. He's got plenty of time So Roman Greenbaum the good news is he's still working on it. I'll speak on the LAPD This is in the globe this week not the Boston globe or not the globe and mail, but the the Tabloid the globe Angry OJ Simpson launched a furious attack on his murdered wife sister and sources say that the niece brown is now terrified Should become the victim live a victim like the cool. How do you like that? That's even like for anyway I don't like her either nobody does The disgraced athlete blasted her with such vehemence that Denise and advocate for bettered women feared for her safety say in Ciders According to a source the juices scared sister and law warned her family that OJ was out to get me just like he did in a coal But to find Denise put on a brave face by telling globe that she'll never back down from Simpson Let him come after me. She said in that exclusive interview He doesn't scare me. He never has come on Simpson. Give me your best shot. She says how do you like that? Got a good chance of words honey OJ went ballistic after Denise said in a newspaper interview that he should be investigated for illegal drug use She claims that files from a secret FBI probe into an international drug ring may prove that he's violated the terms for keeping custody of his children Sidney 16 and Justin 13 If the court in Orange County, California, which awarded him custody of the kids decides to look at the evidence Which contains allegations that Simpson took part in cocaine vanges and allowed on savory characters into his home It is possible that a judge could overturn the decision and return the children to their grandparents the Lou and Judith at Brown Say the sources they be saying The prospect of losing his kids all over again turn 54 year old Simpson into a raving mad man say pals That woman's life is worthless. He railed about Denise 44 Let me say it again that woman's life is worthless OJ railed about Denise 44 She lived in the shadow of her sister and she's too stupid to ever step out of it Denise hates me, but I'll make her pay he allegedly said. How do you like that? Friends say Simpson was furious with Denise because he believes his children are the shining lights of his life Of his otherwise scumbag life He told one pal despite everything they've been through their great kids in our proud of them They're both honor students and Justin's just been named as honor athlete of the year That's an an a classy private school with high standards The source confides at Simpson says Denise is more problems than he has and more do not to make them an issue Or she'd regret it adding I know she hates me, but my kids are off limits According to sources OJ claims that he was told by Sydney and Justin that Denise had major problems after they Spend an Easter vacation with the brown family at their day-to-point California home But Denise's father Lou Brown 78 defended his daughter telling a pal she has no problems She's a good person what's more she loves OJ's kids. No, sorry everybody's got pals Palette and everybody's palette's talk a lot Especially with the tabloids However, the source who were at Simpson ranning says I've never heard him so angry he was as livid with Denise I thought he was gonna explode One source who knows both Simpson and Denise tells the globe. I can't believe the way he's behaving toward her I thought he got away with murder. He should leave it at that now that OJ's living in Florida the biggest thing And Jesus favors the distance between them. She should keep as far away from him as possible The reports of Simpson's fury quickly reached the sister of his dead wife and she shuddered at the danger Although Simpson was peered in 1995 of killing Nicole and Ron Goldman on June 12, 94 he was later found liable for their brutal deaths By civil jury as we all know too well It's the second time that the ex football player sent shivers down Denise's spine with his threat say sources The first menacing words came at Simpson's welcome home party just hours after his acquittal and shocked even his own supporters Reveals Nicole's lesbian lover, Fay Reznik and her book shattered in the eye of the storm Nicole's lesbian lover? That's what facet The 43-year-old author who had a brief gay affair with Nicole Shirley before her murder and played a major part in the police investigation wrote that as he celebrated his freedom Simpson declared there are two people I'd like to kill Denise Brown and Fay Reznik Then he drew his fingers across his throat Oh, what a classy guy he is you know His anger was directed at Denise because she gave evidence in the criminal trial about Simpson's violent behavior Careful, is she recounted before the jury that eventually, what is it? He recounted before the jury that eventually equated Simpson how he threw in a cool against the wall and then tossed her out of their home. She also testified that he grabbed her crotch in public and called her a fat pig when she was pregnant. See, now we're starting to side with him a little bit more. Yeah. Low reported in 1996 that Simpson had frequently sworn to get even with Denise saying, I'll never forgive her in a fake resinic. They can go to hell. After all I did for her, she turned against me. I picked up her tab for years. I paid for her drugs, her clothes, and I said it to acting classes. She was jealous of the cold and was always coming on to me when her sister's back was turned. She wanted me to bed her, but I didn't. She's just white trash. Now the M&E between Simpson and Denise is in overdrive. The new upper-or- exploded afternoon east-graded interview to the Toledo Blade, which reported it in its exclusive story. She wants the court to decide whether the former football grade violated his custody agreement. The coldest big sister was quoted as saying, what really scares me is the court should be reading these reports and they aren't. The story went on, Ms. Brown, who travels the country giving speeches on domestic violence issues, told a blade last week that federal agents in Miami should turn over their files to the Orange County California Family Court that still lies jurisdiction in the custody case. It said the files gathered by the FBI during investigation into an international rug ring a smuggling the drug ecstasy contained drug dealer statements surveillance reports and wire-tap transcripts. Among the allegations are that Simpson allowed a drug dealer, Andrew Anderson to stay in his guest house, and babysit Sydney and Justin. The blades has Anderson 33 drove the children to and from school at the same time, he was involved in narcotics deals. He's pleaded guilty to selling her to see Simpson is denied being involved in any way with drugs or criminal activity. After a raid on his house in Kendall by investigators, no charges were level but it was later reported that he'd been tipped off ahead of time. Simpson's attorney Yale Kalantra tells the globe that after Denise's comments were printed, he called her in her parents and she denied giving any interview to the bleed-o blade. He added O.J. says as much as Denise hates me, she would never say this. For all the tension between them they're strong in their understanding that they'll not involve the children in any disputes. O.J. and the Browns are happy with the current custody situation and don't want to turn it in any way said Galanter. Despite Galantra's claims that he tells the globe that she did give the interview an ads, my first concern is for those kids my sisters children if there are drugs being used in Simpson's home. The court would jurisdiction over the children should be made aware of that. Now according to friends Simpson wants to slow down his life and concentrate on Sydney and Justin. O.J. lives every day knowing that he's lucky to be allowed to have them says the pal. That's why he gets so angry when somebody liked Denise threatens that. How do you like that, huh? I like it. And that if that isn't good enough, Nancy Sinatra's cyber-sex shocker. O.J. She's exchanging racie talkwood strangers in chatrooms. There's one for ya. He's bootstraint. Walk in, Nancy Sinatra? Walk away with him, please. Yeah. Her and her father too. Dig him up for a while. Let's see if he can walk away. You know something I better look that up. She had some other marginal piece of crap. And then she did, I think that was the only hit. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. What's the name of that song that Brit Assel did? Could you never have that word? When the court kid me, you know, Browns are robbing what? Oh, we have that here somewhere. What? Then you go and run it by saying something stupid. Something stupid. That's what it's called. Something stupid. Oh, yeah, she had how does that grab you, Darlin? Sugar town? And a whole bunch of other crap. Mostly with the Lee Hazelwood and with Frank. Swanky Frankie. So she don't qualify. Thank God. But former pops, Queen, Nancy Sinatra's been going online and engaging in steamy sex talk with total strangers. The 62-year-old singer of the hit-tune these boots were made for walking is typing her flirty come on stemming visiting the chat room on www.sonatrafamily.com or family's famous website and the stuff she writes is red hot and definitely not for kids. In one message she says, I think I could find something very interesting in Freddy's pants pocket. Why do you just come on over here, Freddy? You're never too old to have a little fun. Besides I'll bet your lips still work. Puck her up, baby. Later on, she adds, oh, Freddy, every time I look at your picture, I'm more convinced we should get together. Maybe a cruise would do it. We wouldn't even have to leave our state room if he didn't want to. We could have all our meals in bed. Freddy honey, I'll meet you anywhere you say because I love how you make me laugh. I gave up sex for rent but for you I'd give up giving up sex. In another message she describes her in detail her new 1995 photo shoot for Playboy and makes a suggestive mark about a hot dog. I bet your Clara, how about your Clara Pellar B. uh, please? Nancy shocking cyber sex antics has her family terrified that the sizzling message will attract the sick O stalker who could hurt even kill the songbird inside his reveal. We can only, I don't want to say that that would be bad when I'm too big. We can only pray. Oh God, is that stupid or what? Stupid. God. The danger is of one of the men start to believe, if one of the men start to believe they have a personal relationship with her and show up at her home says a pal. Her younger sister, Tina 53 is especially worried. She keeps shouting and Nancy that one of these guys she meets could be a serial killer. Tina also feels Nancy has been single since her husband Hugh Lambert had a cancer 85 is dragging the synoprene to the mud notes the path. See they got pals too, the synopters which is kind of surprising. 12 minutes after 11 at 5.60 WCWM will be here at 11.30 a day. Just a joke, I'm sure they did not call, nobody's taking me up on that offer. Try to be an ice guy. Try to crack that image of being a real hard ass prick, but you know that's way cause I made it an offer we could refuse I guess. Would you come into do a half hour? Would I? I mean, like if you were in the mad dog shoes, if you wanted to. I thought the hot shot with like a real contract or something. I'm sure is I wouldn't ask for the option. I'd laugh in there. PUS. Here's a simple question for if somebody offered to give you $7,000 over the next few years just handed over to you. Would you take it? Would you say, hey, hand it over? Yes, you would. It would be stupid not to do it. It makes it really foolish to pass up a chance to refinance or buy a home at only 3.95%. Here's the way it works. There's a fanty made program waiting for you 3.95% for both refinancing and purchasing of homes just 3.95%. And all you have to do is make one easy phone call to financial group and I'll explain it to you. Call 1-89-4053-63. That's 1-89-4053-63 to be more specific. You can get 100 grand with payments of only $175 or get $200 grand with payments of $950. You'll save yourself thousands and thousands of dollars. So be really downright foolish to pass up a chance like that. Do the math and do the smart thing. The next logical thing gets an entails by calling financial group at 1-89-405. That's 1-89-4053-63. There were an equal housing lender, credit restrictions, dual-pline like I always tell you, rates are subject to change if you wait. That's the rejoin. That was the fricard rejoin? Like vagina really gets my panties and a whey. You gotta be kidding. You can't make a whey. You can't make a whey. You can't make a whey. You can't make a whey. You can't make a whey. You can't make a whey. You can't make a whey. That's nice. When she turned off all the light. She's quite. There's no place where she could have lied. Oh no. Oh, she was gonna get her. Oh, Jay went out to kill her. Oh, Jay went out to kill her. Oh, Jay went out to kill her. Oh, Jay went out to kill her. That's nice. There. One day, the jury's gonna set three oj. Crowley, no, he's gonna head your way. Oh, yeah. No, he's gonna getcha. Huh? It's you. More day is gonna come after you. She's gonna be. And then he'll get away with that water. Oh, yeah. Oh, Jay's gonna getcha. Oh, Jay's gonna getcha. Oh, Jay's gonna getcha. Oh, Jay's gonna getcha. Oh,, Jay. Oh, Jay's gonna getcha. Oh, Jay's gonna getcha. Ho onight. Ah-ha, ha. Of Goy's. Okay, okay. You kill him. Yes, I tell you. Oh, Jay's gonna make sure her two cosmos don't repeat that. I will play tonight and that's it. Oh, Jay's gonna getcha. Oh, that's it. Oh he's gonna getcha. Oh, Jay's gonna getcha. Oh, Jay! A dude Not a dude Are you sickled? Ochr Ok wanna get you Ok wanna get you And something wanna get you ohh tonight 112560 WQAM. So here's a fast from David who was doing real well for the against the last line there. David who facts this at the end he says if you're not going to take calls, why not accept email? No. No. No. Now see, you're able to facts this to his David and it's a very good fact. He's got three for three, which will put all three of these on list. Did you look at this? Yes, I did. That's a very good list. And I looked him all up and he's absolutely correct. But emails is, you know, if we start taking emails, all you get is like a pile of crap. And I've just done it in none of us associated with this program wants to take the time to go through 85,000 crank crap to find something that might be of interest, especially when you can facts it to us just like this facts I'm holding in my hand right now that magically appeared. How many times have we pointed out that if you can generate emails, you can also generate if you have a computer, you can generate a facts 100. Yeah, we've told you that about 400 times just today. Anyway, David's got a good list over here. Come full fighting by Carl Douglas, which is correct. Got it? Got it. Did you write these all down? I am now. Chumbo Womba. No thanks. I'm trying to cut down. Top thumping. And, right said Fred and I'm too sexy. Good list there, David, excellent job. And by the way, take your emails and sorry. All right, now getting back to this because we're never going to get this done. I'd like to get this done by noon and so I have Eric has a chance to get it up. Before I ask to go out for brunch. Let's see, we left off at tripping Daisy and I got a girl, which is right after Jonah has born in one of us. Are we going to tripping Daisy on there? Is, you know what? Yeah, I know what. I like it. Okay, well put it on there then. I'm leaving it in your incompetent hands. I mean, you know, use a little bit of judgment. Don't be stupid. Andrew, a skillo and I wish. Skillo? Never heard of it. I wonder if she's kind of jailo. I remember that one. Was it good? Not really. Okay. Andrew Donalds and Miss Hale. M-I-S-H-A-L-E-N. Now there could be Michelle, but I don't know. Miss Hale, that's like inhale. Or outhill or Nathan Hill. We don't know what that is. Mookin's stuff. He's mine. Never heard of it. Mad season River of the Seed. Nope. Deon Ferris, I know. Nope. I wonder if that's the same I know as Barbara George did. Remember Barbara George and I know. In fact, wouldn't that be a good one? Want me to write that? Barbara George? I don't know from it. Do you know, no Barbara George? Oh my god, there's something very, very wrong. No, no, no, no, no, no. God George. God George. Yeah, I'm a good one. There's another one for the list right there. I wish I had it right here. I've played you. You recognize it. Barbara, you know, you know, love me no more. It's on, uh, whatever was. 1961. So I'm writing this down. Barbara George, that's with a G. And the name of the song is I know. Is that the word I know something about love? It. No, that's not the one. I know you don't love me no more no more. Yeah, I know something about love. That's what who's did that? Somebody else. Like the shafans or the D.D. Sharpers. I know something. Well, you see, I'm going to have to look that up. God, you know something people think this is easy to do. This is like, wow, you know, easy way to get to a show. I got news for you, man. The amount of work and the slave in an effort in here is like astronomical. Do you believe me? No. Well, let's see. I know you don't know. I know something about love. Is that could that be the name of the song? It could be. I know the one you're talking about. That's not I know by Barbara George. Uh, I know. I know a heartache when I see one. Jennifer Warrens. I knew you win. But we're going to have Billy Joe world. Donnie Osman and Linda Brown said, I'll all did. I knew you win. But Billy Joe world did the original. I should have played a little more cherry hill park by Billy Joe. Well, here's pretty good. Where am I looking for? I know something about love. But we don't know that's the name of it. I know something. No. Can't find it. And every day frost my ass. That's definitely the name of it. Well, somebody will not. Okay. Now where do we leave off here? This is talent. I think it's called talent. Maybe. Tell him. Tell him. Or tell him. That's it. Very good. Boy, you redeemed yourself. I'm saying the song in my head and tell I got to the chorus. Tell him that you're always going to tell him by the exciter. I never would have remember that in a long time. In fact, you know something. I think that was on a Laurie records. Can I look that up? Can I take just a moment just to prove how smart I am to myself? Even though I didn't know the answers. I'm not quite as smart as I thought I guess. The exciter's. There's the Heavenly Brothers. The exciter's telling some looking up music. Rock and roll group. Robert, I've been blues vocal group from Jamaica. What was that? Nina. Rock and roll. Are we? Will you cut that crap? I'm trying to pass a very important information on here. God damn it. From Jamaica. Jamaica, New York, that is. Long Island. Herb Roney is why Brenda Reed, Carol Johnson and Louis and Walker, the exciter's. Tell him it was on the United Artists Records. I'm not in Laurie records. George, what are you talking about? Show off. Okay. How about again? That's the end of that page, I guess. Boy, this is we got a half an hour here and we got to get to the asylisco. How many we got on there? Would you say about 30? At least about one page and a half. No, about one page and a half doesn't tell you. Well, you could have written them like in gigantic lock letters. You could have written them in teeny tiny writing letters. Sonic Faxord, Jerry, whatever his name is today. It's on a regular size legal pad here. See? Oh, yeah. That looks like just about enough. Yesterday we put a page and a half on there just so that you can. So another do you think we have enough for today? We certainly have enough for today. Because I got plenty of stuff here that I got to get to before the end of the show today. Especially for going to one 30. Are we going to one 30? No. And then you know something I would draw that offer. You know how they say on TV. This is a limited time offer. All right, I would draw the offer. Boy. Too late. So if clearance comes breathlessly running in or saying oh, well, Neil really knew that extra half hour say no no he changes mine. It was a stupid idea anyway, you know it was really stupid. Yeah. I mean, you know if mad dog wants to come all the way in there and be a superstar for half an hour. I'm just trying to give him like a day off. Which I think would be nice he could go out to like a treasure island Have a little bit of horizontal refreshment over there or something or whatever. What do we want to do in a spare time? Go over to what dolphin camp? Is there a dolphin camp right now? I don't think so. Is there he must be asking you Robert. There. 27 after 11 at 560 WQM. Hey, let me tell you about the big one again. Now not Tom Brady. We're talking about a big paycheck. That's correct. Everybody in their brother right there would like to have one and a big paycheck too. The demand for certified computer professionals is through the roof so you can have a big paycheck very soon. If you do the smart thing pick up that phone and call it good people at fast train at 866 fast train Because summer classes are forming right this moment. If you call now you can be certified in that brand new money making career before the end of the summer Fast train offers Microsoft certified instructors. They've got four convenient locations all over Soft Florida to for including that new one in Kendall. They've got job placement assistance. They need in classes too. And for those individuals whose job was affected after 9-11 fast train is an operation paycheck training provider. So color right now get all the details. There's no obligation call one 866 fast train or Check them out on that worldwide web at fast train.com. They can have you certified and ready for a new money making career like I said Only moments ago and as little as four months. Be sure when you call tell them that Todd Dreck told you to make the call fast train at one 866 On the travel to Kansas City to battle with a royal. 1 30 on sports video 5 16 QAM. I've got two sets of lips. Hey gang, what's the best tasting thing this summer or your big hug? You got it in armor big hug. I know see those specially marked big hugs hanging out at your local grocery today. Well it's one big hug you got there, Mr. Oh thanks for noticing what you like a bite. Love to mind if I put a little mustard on your hog. Verso please help yourself. I can barely fit this damn thing in my mouth. I know that's an armor big hog, but don't just have a bite here. Take it all. And that's good. And it's a half a pound of meat right there buddy. Everybody will crave the taste of an armor big hog this summer. You want this big hog high? Yeah. This is like You need the ketchup. This summer when a stick an armor big hog right in your mouth and taste the difference for yourself. Oh it's so big. Like I said here, our clearer pillar would be probably 1132 at 560. Don't forget vlog on at wqm.com. Starplay and toy to baseball preview challenge weekly prices include golfer forward chulas. OJ will not be playing there that day. Grand prizes a trip for two to New York over the day. We can't see the marlins in the meds. So log on and start playing with it at wqm.com. I read somebody mentioned about OJ crash in the golf tournament on Mochow yesterday morning. I believe it was and he humble something about yeah. I heard something like that. You know, of course no names were mentioned. What do you say? Bobby's little from under one third. What a loop. Why not? Very good. 27-0-560. I'm I'm hurt. I'm wounded that we didn't get taken up on that offer. Aren't you wounded? No. I'm not either. I want to get out of here. Go to lunch. A woman who said she was molested 30 years ago as a first and second grader with saying anthony's. Saying anthony's Catholic school in Fort Lauderdale found a loss of yesterday seeking unspecified damages from the church and the Miami Arts Dicis. The man she's accusing Virgil M. Bollme died in 1998. He moved from Fort Lauderdale to Leesburg in 1985. The 37-year-old Howard woman who was not identified in Lauderdale said she didn't know if Bollme was employed by the Arts Dicis which oversees the Fort Lauderdale church. She thought Bollme was a Dican, but an Arts Dicis spokeswoman said the Dican program didn't begin until 1979. The woman said she saw the man a church every Sunday at church social events and in the school yard nearly every morning where she was to hang out with Paul Simon and Julio. In addition to him his wife lived behind her parents how she said that's not our Julio by the way. Can you imagine Paul Simon and Arholio back in the school yard? Why not? Don't be picking on Julio, okay? His name's written all over town here and he was only here for like two or three days. The woman said in the phone interview Tuesday that Bollme fondled her shoulder pornographic black and white pictures exposed himself to her and forced her to touch him beginning in 1970. She said the abuse occurred at school and at her home and didn't stop until her father got transferred and moved the family. She said she called Bollme the man at the back fence because he would call her any younger brother to the fence when they were playing or swimming in the backyard. He would expose himself and then give them candy until then they would get in trouble if they told anyone. Bollme's son Joseph Bollme 68 defended his father when he reached when he was reached at home in Greer South Carolina. He said his family had bushes in the backyard that would have made it difficult even to get to the fence. We had a thick hedge back there. He said it was six feet tall, three feet thick. I trimmed that thing for ten years and a hitch too. Joseph Bollme said his father was a loyal church go right in usher but didn't remember him being involved with the school. He might have smiled at the girl or wavebed her. He was nice to everybody. He had a salesman's personality. He liked to tell stories and all that but didn't molest children. I guess her object is to go after the deep pockets go after the church. How can she suit the church for stuff that happened like, uh, you know what I'm saying with a dead guy? I don't know. How do you prove that? I guess we'll have to dig him up. Well, see if he does have a thick push. He can't deny it. Here's more bad radio news by the way. It's just gets worse and worse and worse. Spanish language media giant univision communications is expected to announce as early as today that it is expanding its empire with a three and a half billion dollar acquisition of his panic broadcasting corp. The nation's largest Spanish language radio company sources close to the negotiations at yesterday. It would be the biggest merger in the history of US Spanish language media outstripping NBC's recent 2.7 billion dollar acquisition of highly evased telemode communications group which owns the second largest Spanish language TV network in the US. The deal represents the first 4-ray in the radio for the television which now has interest in Spanish language broadcast in cable TV, the internet and Latin music as well. Sources say the merger will strengthen the version of the positions as the top Spanish language media brand in the US and will allow it to cross promote its musical artist on air talent and programming on its widening array of media outlets and as well as offer one stop shopping to advertisers who want to reach the growing Hispanic market. With his fancens numbers now approaching 40 million more than 13% of the US population media companies in truth in the market is intensified. It will be a stock for stock deal sources set with 0.85 share of univision stock exchange for each air of NBC and a subject to both regulatory and shareholder approval. Sources say Hispanic broadcasts these two largest cheerholders, the Tickanoir family and chief channel communications have agreed to vote in favor of the acquisition as has a zero peri a parental chairman president chief executive officer of the division units controlling shareholder. Both the division and HBC declined to come out of the perspective merger last night although the division based in LA the operation sent efforts to TV networks is in Miami. The division has already got the top rated broadcasts Spanish language network, the new broadcast network telefutura, the top cable channel, the most popular internet uh what is it portal?univision.com the largest station group with 50 stations and the number one Latin recording label phonovisah under the university music group on brellon the US market. The deal brings it to a radio a- brings it. Huh? To make any sense. The deal brings it a radio hub powerhouse with 55 Spanish language radio stations and 40 of the top 20 Hispanic markets. By the way this isn't a hero that's why there's like hard to read stuff in here, Miss Prince. Including four Miami stations, a radio man v, WAKUIAM710, or that 790 like Tom Jika thinks, visit the other way around. WKBA AM1140, radio ritmo, WRTOMF98.3, and radio on more WAMR FM17.5 and a network of community focused bilingual websites, HBC owns more than half the top 25 rated Spanish language radio station The combination means for example that in LA the nation's largest Hispanic market, the university would have two TV stations for FM radio stations and one AM station. The pending deal comes at a time when some members of the TV industry are expressing concern about the impact of media consolidation on programming quality and diversity. As if we don't know the answer to that right? Right. Earlier this month the caucus for television producers writers and directors sent letter to FCC chairman Michael K Powell saying that while the new technologies increased the number of radio and TV channels available there's also been an alarming increased number of corporate entities which own and control these systems. HBC would become university's radio division sources said the radio company would remain in Dallas, top managers would remain, and McHenry Titchner Jr. the chairman president and CEO of Hispanic broadcasting would have the new university radio unit. In recent months the university has been solidifying its future as the dominant Spanish language media company in the US in December they reached the agreement with Mexico's Grupo Telavisa and then a Swaila's Venovision event that brought it to Telavisa's Los Angeles based music recording business for no visa and also give it to the exclusive US TV rights program produced by Telavisa and Venovision through 2017. I'd be like they just keep getting bigger and bigger and less and less competition and just a handful of companies own oligodam radio and TV. English, speak whatever whatever you name it and they own it. And we've already seen, we've already seen on the English language side the tremendous, yeah the tremendous benefits for those of us who work in a business and for you people the audience out there too. It's a disaster. But don't confuse the FCC with that because they don't give a crap. So long as they don't say those words they couldn't care less. Twenty-two noon at five, sixty. Oh look at that speaking of crap. The markets say every day it starts out a little with green arrows and then by this time it starts like and now yesterday it was up quite a way. Did you know is that? Yeah. And then by the end of the day. Wow it took a gigantic dump and a Nasdaq is 1488. 1488. I think pretty soon you can buy palm for like about two cents. In fact what's the one that's 18 cents? What's the one? What? There's one stock on it. One big that's on a vertical and out of business I forget which one it is. It's 18 cents. So just imagine for like 50 bucks you can go above a lot of that crap. You could have the company. Just right before they go belly up. Hey summer times here already it's a hundred ninety three degrees if you stick your finger out the window then you want to pull it right back in real fast because it's smoldering out there. Well all the omit is a product that'll make you feel your best and keep you in good health no matter how hot new it's outflow to get in June and July and August and say just goes on forever. All the omit is a soft gel caps and that contains all kinds of good stuff for you including pharmaceutical rate olive oil along with vitamins and minerals and herbal while promoting health for all different parts of your body all different aspects of your health. They've got one product that'll help your prostate one for your heart your blood pressure and your cholesterol. Oldie mys also got supplements from health from health in your sickle authoritarian system your digestive and endocrine system your skin and bones even your mind all using the benefits of the best olive oil and money can buy. Be sure and tell me that Brian Schmutz by the way since you buy for it. Our entire sales department is doing a tremendous job on a copy. Let's salute them right now. Oh the QM sales department they're really doing it. I don't think it only means got products for men and ladies out there too. Only men's available right now at Walgreens Whole Food Markets, Liberal Pharmacy and Sinanos. If you want to get more information about what their product does and where you get it and where to stick it just call them toll free. One eight six six allio med. That's one eight six six allio med where you can order their products on their website to at older. Just right. Day one was the final way. Oh yeah. There we am. There's some more back pay from 200 years ago when they were slaves. When I only have a mobile home a pitfall in a pinch of skulls. So if you're on a ass thing how here what I got a place you've got to yes and bigger good morning Till a minute you started for it's labor alone yes and bigger good morning and that's where everybody who is dead and cold. If I was born a day two old and slave things something I do but what we're dead people did to you I have to take the flying. Who is he at all for an old money act with a can of spalli cherry in fact it's a 40 acres and a view I have a better way. You've got to yes and bigger good morning and put on how it very bargain Raymond to a black yes and bigger good bar and have your best to do she for it's life you you. Yes and bigger good morning. If you're in fact you're sorry for it's labor alone yeah got yes and bigger good morning and that's where everybody who is dead and cold. One moment please. Well that facts came over just as here it says it's a very interesting story about OJ it supports my theory that this is part of an ongoing and intricate strategy because of complete mental breakdown in Simpson and approximately two years on the 10th anniversary of Ron and Nicole's murder by OJ. You know we would say on that day. Yeah we'd have a party. This will be followed by humiliating suicide or suicide attempt involving auto eroticus fixation cocaine overdose and even another murder by OJ this time of a business associate mafia which will of course bring about his swift death compliments of co-synosed roar Russian mafia in any OJ is being suddenly and carefully pushed to the point where I'll have to take action against misbrown and that is precisely the plan except that the entire scenario has been created and carefully worked out in order to destroy him mentally and finally physically millions have been spent on this effort thanks to the 333 and a dollar lawsuit and many committed individuals are great follow the only problem with that is that nobody ever got any money from that lawsuit isn't that correct okay but that's a fascinating. Speaking of that it's big and a suicide that fact you must have been psychic you want to know why got some a story you're going to be very upset about okay actor Christian Slater has revealed a dark secret five years ago his drug and booze addictions drove him to attempt suicide of course George is going to be upset because he failed damn it Slater now 32 says he was so humiliated following his 1997 arrest in the LA condo for beating up friends and attacking cops during a wild alcohol heroin and cocaine fueled rampage he tried to end it all by jumping off a balcony luckily luckily for him not for George who hates him like poison luckily friends pulled him back in time but that was just one of several times he tried to take his life my entire 20s were complete near misconfaces the actor who can be seen in the upcoming World War II flick win talkers it's a miracle I survived any of it really is a total miracle but Slater now happily married dad of two as far as he's gotten his act together I'm not the guy assaulting people I don't trick in driving he says I'm convinced I've discovered that I'm not really invincible so he tried to give it his best shot but unfortunately didn't get the job done and like I said George is fired up and pissed off got more on that Hillary thing remember that story the other day about the game drugs got some lengthy stuff on the star on that right after this one though is then Vol Turkey to go to show that the radio business isn't just screwed up in the west saying he was a threat to public order police dug up a Turkish radio DJ who was broadcasting live a mga reports at yesterday and if you think I'm really these names even close to right good luck to me in tombed in an air-rated metal box yes are a nasi kutsu was planning a 24-hour special broadcast live from the grave on sunday on local is near radio station radio hit daily hurry yet reported but police all to the broadcast after nine hours and insisted the DJB dug up saying his program represented an illegal demonstration and was a threat to his life and could disrupt public order I was getting fed up anyway kutsu told police after he resurfaced but the young repet and DJ said he would try to stun again after getting the necessary permits from authorities he was getting fed up or dug up I'm gonna get whatever official permission is required to die then I'll do it again for 48 hours kutsu said it was very about a yard underground with metal tubes connected to the surface providing air while underground kutsu experienced technical difficulties a lot of dead air yeah and was only able to broadcast two five-minute links by telephone her yet reported I'm free of the cares of the world he told listeners but kutsu 40 later said the experience had forced him to reassess his life I kept thinking thank god I'm only here as a joke you said I'd be ready I'd better be ready for when it happens for real something for you to think about you turkey speaking of people who got you know problems you notice that the presidential kids most of them just they're all screwed up yeah bush daughters those slots the bush daughters that you're so got the hots for yeah jabs of daughter mm-hmm his two sons right drunken Chelsea out of control is what it says my daughter as we reported the other day but this is more a little more meat to this one family and friends urge you to get help former first daughter Chelsea Clinton had to be physically carried from along the nightclub after going on a night long drinking bids and then blacking out as these shocking star photo show you see him I saw she it's a magazine out here woo unbelievable now her closest friends in a devoted parents building Hillary are worried sick that sweet young Chelsea is just twenty two is spinning out of control you know what maybe somebody bought her a mirror huh oh you you ought to see this one picture she is stone out of her freaking mind her eyes are like discolays she got that like feeling opaque look on her push what's more her frequent an excessive parting with fiancee Ian Claus while attending Oxford University in England is cast a cloud of uncertainty over the couples upcoming winning both building Hillary are concerned that Chelsea might be displaying signs of a drinking problem this is a front-to-form person as an eyewitness tells you showing very poor judgment getting slashed to the point of passing out Chelsea's most recent out of excess began at the met bar a top celebrity hunt in central London on Tuesday, May 28th there the flame-haired co-ed her love Ian Claus and several pals I'll see they got pals too every day her pals everybody's got palies several pals herded up rounds of champagne cocktails martinis and vodka drinks sources reveal after getting a good buzz on the group stopped off for Thai food in nearby soho district then they spit off to the trendy emissive club around midnight Chelsea was already tipsy when she runs his waitress Emily Kayot she was pretty loose when she got here she tells the star the couple along with their friends were quickly ushered into private VIP room where Chelsea dressed in a sexy two-piece black evening ensemble plop down on a deep black and white leather sofa next to a glass in table the group immediately ordered a tray of drinks a potent mixture of wine champagne and vodka that acted like a love potion on Ian and Chelsea she and Ian were all over each other all night and this Chelsea got more drum she seemed to get more affectionate with him since an eyewitness drink after drink was brought up stairs and Chelsea had at least six cocktails over the next three hours you call that a penis that's what she told him was that what he told her the secret service details they just outside the VIP room giving Chelsea and her bow their space but every few minutes they'd peek in and make sure that all was well the agents became more concerned as time passes another club patron especially when Chelsea started staggering back and forth to the ladies room she stumbled into the bathroom and emerged a few minutes later looking drunk days then pale faced I'm sure she was throwing up he said several times a confused Chelsea made her win the club's courtroom it was off the answer Ian could do to keep her from falling down well maybe she has already filled up the bathroom so I leave it all deposit in the courtroom it became clear to everyone that they had to get Chelsea out before she'd rank anymore unable to walk on her own two feet Ian and several other guys who may have been secret service agents through a coat over Chelsea's head and carried her to the car 3am she immediately passed out and sunk forward on a seat falling face first into her boyfriend's lab her friends had to pick up her legs and pull them into the car to get her in observers tell the sources say bill and his US senator wife Hillary were upset and worried when they learned that they're well of a daughter passed out from drinking well if it's good enough for the bushes like it enough for that bitch huh yeah they decided that Hillary should call Chelsea the next day and give her a good transit line at talking to Hillary made sure she was calm it's spoke to Chelsea like she was in adults's family friend Philip Perry but she was also firm when she urged her daughter to take control of this problem before it gets out of hand sources tell star that Hillary also spoke to Chelsea secret service agents and asked them to step in if she does anything like this in the future well there you go goes on and on a great line with all kinds of pictures of her and her very ugly boyfriend it's a match made in heaven by the way uh grow test more on john goddy you know that was really good piece we had is there no the nice one he's kind of like a nice biography and brief little bit sad not that we feel bad for him at least I don't want on because he was a gangster he was a criminal but we like gangsters on his show no I like him I didn't like him john goddy is heading for the gangster graveyard in Queens that's a good news this isn't the a daily news today when the feds gave up his body the Gambino godfather will be flown to Saint John cemetery in middle village where some of the earth's most infamous mobsters are buried salvator lucky Luciano vetoed innovation Carlogam bino and carmine galante or permanent residence they're all taking their dirt and half there so our salvator maranzano jol calambo and wilford johnson a mob rat who was gone down after and forring on goddy was hard to believe a uh a mob guy named johnson you know it maybe that wasn't his real name will for johnson goddy will be a bit removed from the other good fellows dead fellows he'll spend eternity in the family muscle he and were his beloved son Frank is in turd well that's the one that got run over by that guy that they had murdered okay goddy son Peter don't you remember that i do know that was in that story yesterday goddy was son Peter was in Springfield Missouri waiting to collect remains of his father who died Tuesday, 1861 after long battle with throat cancer but it was still not clear whether goddy would get a Catholic funeral because of his notorious criminal career family members are believed to be seeking permission from Brooklyn Bishop Thomas daily for a funeral mass the only thing that's finalized is the burial sister Jane Scanlan right see i'm getting choked up just thinking about the funeral poison gas the only thing that's finalized is the burial sister Jane Scanlan vice chancellor the Nazis told the day the news yesterday as for the mass scanlan said i'm sure there are a number of factors but amount of position to know what it is ultimately bishop daily would have to make that decision daily who was attending that conference of bishops and dallas's under fire from his handling the pre-sex scandal and a set to be copied between the demands of his religion and his desire to avoid for the controversy the church believes in redemption said robber bleaky a professor university of noted named law school is that noted flame and a mob expert or whether goddy would receive a Catholic funeral if you go to confession you can receive absolution and be buried in consecrated ground but bleaky said the church can deny a funeral mass is saying one would cause a public scandal and notorious criminals could cause a scandal not that it ever stopped him before and you want to know why why because they like that mob money yeah 1156 and 560 wm if you want to save money on getting some new here come a good buddy Charles alphiary at 1-800-321-2413 come that old Neil told you to call because if you want to get the best looking piece in the universe trawley's natural hairline system is waiting for you there they'll give you a free consultation they will sit your eyes down and show you just how much better any younger they can make you guys look so if you've been saying goodbye to your hair for years now if you have a growing ball spot that your sicko just replace it with some real great looking hair not some mousey looking piece but the natural hairline system is so great looking it looks like the hairline right out of your scalp so pick up that phone and call today get your hair back from the guy who knows how to do it he's been doing for over 25 years for guys now Charles alphiary column toll free at 1-800-321-2413 that's 1-800-321-2413 or log on to their website if 94357 a call now 3-and-shaffling week 9-10 on sports radio 560 2-A-M this is how I David when I take my fell bean I listen to the nail rages 12-1 hour not George because he's stupid 2-A-M 5-M 3-M Jesus Christ Jesus Christ! Jesus Christ! Jesus Christ! Jesus Christ! Jesus Christ! Jesus Christ! Jesus Christ! Jesus Christ! Jesus Christ! Jesus Christ! Jesus Christ! Jesus Christ! Jesus Christ! Jesus Christ! Police commissioner says New York doesn't need armed bands as it citizens of protected neighborhoods, flatly rejecting a proposal by a Jewish group to begin patrols next week. The department will not tolerate anyone brandishing weapons under the guys of protecting others, commissioner Ray Kelly said the other day, anyone attempting to patrol the streets armed with weapons will be arrested. This is today's news day. On Sunday, Rabbi Yachav Lloyd, president of the right wing Jewish defense group, proposed armed patrols citing comments as suspected terrorists made on CBS's 60 minutes about targeting certain Jewish neighborhoods. Any movement in this direction is counterproductive, Kelly said, the tenor of this is wrong, we don't need this. In other words, you don't like the tone of it. Lloyd said the patrols would go ahead anyway, and it's fight of what he said, what the police commissioner does not understand is that no matter what he says, those who have the legal right to carry firearms can carry firearms, he said, and they're going to do it. Because that's the Jewish militant right wing away of doing it. How do you like the apples huh? Oh look at that market man. Oh God. See I probably shouldn't be looking at those numbers because people are still stuck in there and haven't gotten the sub-chinks in us. Yeah. Hey, well look, I mean, don't you think I've paid my dues? Don't you think I lost enough to like at least find a get something right? Maybe? Maybe. Wow. That was down 65 in the NASDAQs. I don't want to say it. Mind your own business. Okay, I'm not in it. This from CBS, the Senate yesterday dealt a major setback to a bill. It would make violent attacks based on victim's sexual orientation or disabilities, a federal hate crime refusing to debate on the measure. Opponents of the legislation stands no chance of passing the house is now written. The measure would add crimes motivated by gender, sexual orientation and disability, to the list of offenses already covered under 168 hate crimes law, that prohibits the tax based on race religion and national origin. The 54 to 43 vote derailed efforts to win a speedy vote on legislation and send it to the House, which has rejected it twice in recent years, while it takes only a simple majority to pass a bill, motions to end debate require 60 votes, backers of the bill fell 6 vote short. Only former Republicans voted to limit debate. Other Republicans said they refused to close off the debate because Democrats hadn't given them enough time to attempt to amend the bill. The legislation would allow federal prosecutors to pursue his hate crimes cases, and a assault upon a person or group because of sexual preferences or disabilities of state officials reject filing charges. The Republican controlled House will not take the bill as written by supporters and innocent or in snatch Republican of Utah. If you really want to do something about hate crimes, let's do it the right way and amend this bill so the House will be forced to take it said snatch, who wanted to scale the bill back to ensure the federal government doesn't interfere with state prosecutions. The bill supporters took it off the schedule before GOP senators could attack their amendments on to it. This is just the beginning and we're going to continue this battle throughout the session, said Senator Ted Kennedy of Massachusetts added Senator Gordon Smith Republican of Oregon, we will be back, we'll find another bill on the vehicle. The bill could be surface later this year as an amendment to the Defense Department Authorization bill, the Senate has got 50 Democrats for it and Republicans wanted to pin a Senator James Jefferson for a month. Senate majority later Tom Bacheles swiftly pledged to bring the bill back to the Senate for by years in, there is no argument that can be made that hate crimes can be left unattended. Republican vote counters have expressed confidence before the vote. They could hold the bill's supporter short of 60 votes, but they said they were concerned about the effect on later votes. Senate Republican leader Trent Lot, the one with the POMP POMP, of Mississippi, suggested the Senate should be working on terrorism prevention instead of hate crimes. That's right and be sure to tell John Aschrop that too while you're at it. Trent, nice POMP, by the way, sweetheart. Right, that's going to be the new, they're opening up a new chain of stores. Our next to toys, our us homophobia, our us, going to be the Republican, new us. Dallas Bishops meeting his critical says the a news day, our writer Richard and Osling, the religion writer for the Associated Press, actually. The scandals have accumulated steadily since 1984, but for America's Roman Catholic hierarchy and it's locked in early 64 million. Clerical sex abuses finally become intolerable amid a flood of accusations, lawsuits, and resident reservations this year. Now, US bishops must try to weed the crisis and regain their credibility of critical meaning and Dallas. You know something we should be doing a show there tomorrow. Okay, let's go. Maybe we could have a special guest. Yeah, he could be on. By Friday night, hundreds of US bishops hooked to in two days of deliberations by showing a new national policy to be formed the churches handling of abuse allegations, then they pray the storm that has raged around them for months will subsided last. A top-the-list of issues is zero tolerance for abusers, specifically whether it will all preach to molested one minor in the past, but no more than that to stay in the clergy under type restrictions. And of course, if they murdered one in the past, they can probably still stay in two, right? I don't know. Yeah, you get one chance. Oh, that's right. One murder, one armed robbery, one high jacking, you get a coupon like a drink ticket. Right. One free pass like get out of jail, you know. For the integrity of the church leadership, this the most important meeting they've ever had since JP Dolan, a university of noter flame historian who thinks that this gathering far overshadows any other since the nation's vision began mainly regularly in 1919. Here are the Black South scandal, by the way. I think there's no coincidence. The world is watching the Catholic world of non-Catholics as well, says Bishop George Neera, or of Salt Lake City, one of eight prelets on the ad hoc committee on sexual abuse. He's not exaggerating there'll be roughly three media staffers for each bishop with 740 journalists granted credentials by a June 1st cutoff and 150 late commers turned away. Year ago, the bishop's meeting in Atlanta attracted a mere small handful. And most of the bishop said they would minus small handful. In many other nations in Atlanta Vatican, Bishop's only conferred behind closed doors. Here are the sessions will be public except for a confidential discussion tomorrow afternoon. Catholic caucuses left and right will be out in force, staging media panels and candlelight visuals and lobbying hard. They like it hard, George. Civil disobedience at the Stateless Secured Meeting Hotel is a possibility. Overall, the atmosphere is in keeping with the sense Catholics have the church have the church being under siege in recent months. It's under siege, baby, make no mistake about it. Jesus Christ. Three vicious but enforced resign is your following sexual misconduct allegations, including Bishop Williams of Lexington, which we talked about before. Nearly 250 priest of resounder been suspended, victims of filed at least 300 civil lawsuits and district attorneys have weighed criminal charges. Two priests have committed suicide after being accused of abuse and another one to one and Baltimore was shot. The hit him with one shot and he's still alive. Anglican parishioners have met in church basements while angrier ones pick a carton allaw Boston Cathedral demanding his resignation. Ecclesiastal Ecclesia, what is it? Ecclesiastical matters have become the fair of talk radio. Oh yeah, political cartoonists and late night comedians as well as sober editorial writers. It's a crisis of the vicious own making as the first rap policy from the ad hoc committee, which will sift last minute changes to document today mildly acknowledges. The problem is not just that clergy molested miners that happens in other faiths and professions, but many bishops covered up bumbleed and reassigned of users to new parishes where they abused it again. While abuse claims of surface continually since the 1980s it was the news in January that Boston Church officials did a little more than shuttle serial pedophile John Gagan from parish to parish that caused the questions to explode nationwide. So I'm going to get together tomorrow and see how they can continue to cover up, how they can make you know give a good dog and pony show. Attent writer Orianna Falacchi's latest book Insights Hate Prince Against Muslims is a French anti-racism group that started legal proceedings to stop the work distribution in France. Falacchi responded yesterday by saying she reserved the right to sue the group for calling her book racist. The movement against racism and for friendship between people referred to Falacchi's book The Rage and the Pride is a skating, I slah, Islamophobic tack. There's a new word for you, I like it. We know homophobic now we got a skating Islamophobic tack. The preceding started Monday also target pl<|ru|> the book's publisher in France. Falacchi best known for her uncompromising interviews with world leaders and did a decade long self imposed silence after 9.11 by writing a book in anger reaction to the terrorist attacks in New York where she lives. Critics have accused the former resistance fighter and workhorse funded of writing an anti-Muslim anti-immigrant uh... tirade. In one passage that the movement against racism objects to Falacchi writes that Muslims multiply like rats. Oh they must learn that from the Catholics. Especially the Catholics in Latin America. Or maybe from the shwarfs as you think? I'm not saying nothing. Good. In another she says that the children of Alas spend their time with their bottoms in the year, praying five times a day. Braccom. Wow. A spokeswoman for the book's French publisher said it had just been informed that they complained did not immediately have a comment. Of course. Resolute which publishes a month or three related to Joe Resolute. I'll call him right now. Resolute which publishes Falacchi's book and Italy said the book was doing September in the US. The title is Unknown and Resolute Refuge to Disclosed the Name of the American publisher. Mulad Ahunut. The movement against racism, Secretary General said his group believes in freedom of expression, but he said this insights racial violence its racist delirium. Falacchi responded. I reserved the right to sue MRAP for the insult races. And I remind Mr. Maloud that Ahunut, or whatever his name is, then in France as well as in the West, there's freedom of thought and opinion of expression and of the press. Since the regime of pride was released in France in May, most major newspapers have devoted opinion pieces to it. And Friday's edition of La Figaro Falacchi said she's been receiving death threats. How do you like that? From those peace love and the Muslims, no doubt. When you're animals, anyone. Oh, George has said that. I guess you're not getting no more magazines from Captain Singh. He's not a man. I guess Mohammed ain't going to be coming to fix up your satellite dish no more or less. You know what you're starting to sound like? You started sounding like an Islamophobic to me. Uh-oh. Coming at its past noon at 560, WCM, so Mad Dog's going to be on a one o'clock for a half an hour. I guess. On our pull is up by the way. Today's a version of one time wonder which one is the best. This is going to be tough. I see we got some votes on here already. I voted for, um, what did I vote for? Oh, pictures of my segment. Thank you very much to Sadduce. Whoever affects me that because otherwise I'd have forgotten all about it's one of my favorite songs. I'm able to see what to mean. Thunderclap. Huh? I voted for Thunderclap Newman. Well, somebody had to. Now that both good choices. If you want to fantastic meal out of very great atmosphere and enjoyable place, go to one of my favorite restaurants in the world. Armored L. Cafe in a great new location. There are an appeal of place in Davy, right kitty corner pizza loft with tons of free parking right beyond pirouan imports. It's on university drive right between Griffin and 595 or Sadie's buffet used to be oh my god. That's actually just to talk about Armored L. Cafe and Sadie's buffet even though they rhyme in the same breath. But anyway, that's where they are in a food and Armored L. is sensational. In fact, we got the whole thing right here. Not the whole thing. Look at the appetizers. Smoked duck casity is with cranberry pear chutney. Temporal and princess concoid, useous sauce. Oh, I love my useu man. And if you're like on a health cake, you know, they don't want to get fat. They got all kinds of delicious natural salads like the hydroponic arugula with honey, uh, chipotle dressing. What's chipotle? Chipotle? And that maybe it's filled wrong. And it says CHIPOTLE is a chipotle. Never heard of it. Oh, pistachio, a question. It's most mozzarella salad with lemon basil dressing and of course the on-trays unbelievable like roasted porchini mushroom, dusted sea bass with sweet corn and uh, uh, Pobiano chili risotto and a feel glaze. A lot of words in here. I can't pronounce but they're all delicious. You love put in a year mouth grilled tenderloin of ostrich with goat cheese, mashed potatoes and pork wine with sundried cherry sauce. Yellow tail snapper panceared with roasted peppers, garlic tomatoes, wild mushrooms and ginger and the desserts on beetle livable. I'm at all cafe by the way, smoke free. I'm at little cream burlay, which is the best in the world and the warm chocolate fitters with hot fudge. Make my toast tingle every time I mention that. Call our middle cafe for reservations 9504 4239954. That's 9504 4239954. And like I always tell you when you eat their one time you'll understand, let's be voted one of the best restaurants in bar for the past 14 years in a row. Tons and tons of free parking, compliment, revala park and check it on the web if you'd like it. I'm a little cafe.com and when you call or stop I'd be sure to tell them that Neil said to you by one of the great restaurants in San Florida. Happy to be. I'm a little bit excited to see what's going on here. I'm a little bit excited to see what's going on here. I'm a little bit excited to see what's going on here. I'm a little bit excited to see what's going on here. I'm a little bit excited to see what's going on here. I'm a little bit excited to see what's going on here. I'm a little bit excited to see what's going on here. I'm a little bit excited to see what's going on here. I'm a little bit excited to see what's going on here. I'm a little bit excited to see what's going on here. These guys are driving me crazy. They smell like they actually eat poop. Natural reds in Arkansas. I think a love marbro. We're so much. She's my sister. Do the mature themes. Parallel this question is advised. Some scenes may be disturbing for younger viewers. I was happy pretty good date with Reefis. The real tall guy with the one tooth in the bear belly. And the snake my monkey tank top. When all of a sudden, she just died. Natural reds in Arkansas. This fall on Fox. 12 18 at 5 60 WQM. We got mad dog coming up. One. We got the very brief show for the mad dog today. Half an hour. I think you can handle it. 130 got the Marlon baseball pregame Marlon's on Drek. And then you got the Marlon's at Kansas City at 205. Hank Oldberg on briefly. Couple hours after the baseball game. The big or land of Al security. Here's a good guy. No is nothing about sports and no belong on the air. But he's a good guy. He'll be on at 7. Any K10 o'clock tonight. And join Mark the dirty boys overnight. Don't we all agree that big goes a pretty good guy? Oh, we had no clue. Huh? I like him. Hank rips him on mercy on here. Nice going, Humber. Excellent job. He deserves it. He has no clue what he's talking about. Anyway, with the appola's up and we got some early returns in on this. Now this one's going to be, I think more tense than the one yesterday. Don't you? Already you can see. We got 43 votes on here so far on your Rogers.com. Which of these one hit wonders was the best. Finn Lizzie the boys are back in town. Got six. And like I told it, that's a very big one here in Toronto with the ACC at the leaf games. Right. So and we get tons of Canadian people on your voting on our website. I just mentioned that in passing. And that's a good one. Thunderclap knew when something in the years got four one of which is Georgia's and Mesa Williams classical gas has got four. The vapor's turning Japanese is going to be a girl Douglas and Kaha. The vapor's in gas right behind each other. Yeah. Joey Scarberry theme from the greatest American well, there's so few votes on it. It doesn't really mean too much yet. Now what about the I vote for? Oh pictures of match big men. That's probably the only voted Scott. Don't you think? You see it? I don't even see it. I thought before. Maybe it disappears from our survey. Oh no, there it is. That is what too. Status goes got a pair. So me and somebody also would taste. Probably the guy that affects me that facts. And thank you very much again for reminding me Also thanks to somebody who facts me pages and pages of propaganda that they're trying to teach your kids. I'm taking this home to show it to my child. Yeah. It says this is the kind of religious garbage that Bush and Ascrafth are using the brainwashed the children of the US. It's completely disgusting. Teaching kids these lies doesn't help anybody. Only ensures the US will be behind an education for a long, long time. What's so wrong about teaching scientific fact? Sorry, audio religious assholes. You're going to be dead someday. Just like all the rest of us. There are no poorly gates, no Allah, no Moses or whatever bullshit. Just stop the being so we can accept it. Grow up. Excellent. The summation, sir. You got your thumb right on it. And then he facts his me all these of this propaganda that did you read any of this? Huh? Yeah, I've been reading it. Here, what do you mean did I read any of it? Well, because it's fascinating. I expect people like that they keep bringing up creation scientists. There's an oxymoron if I ever heard one. Look, dumb and dumb. Or that's what it's all about. Keep people superstitious. If you walk under a ladder, if a cat black cat crosses your path, superstitious, hockest pocus, that's what it's all about. Fear of death, fear of hell. And just like Madeline on her use to say when she was still alive, religion without a hell isn't worth a damn. And she was absolutely correct. Jesus Christ. Hi, my name is Matt and this is my sister Laura. We grew up around the creation of an ancient evidence museum. Our dinosaur friend's name is Muncher. The adiator is the operative war baby. This page will teach you how many of the things we've learned about how God created the world. Join us as we explore God's creation. Let me say it again. There doesn't need to be any long argument for anybody with a brain. Pick up the Old Testament. Pick up that stupid piece of crap. Open the first page. And read the first page and then you'll throw it away. You'll say this is ridiculous. Even little children would laugh at this. About creation. Oh yeah, he created the stars to rule the lesser light to rule the night and the bigger light to rule the, yeah, he created two lights. And then it says like an afterthought, he made the stars also. Would no knowledge whatsoever that the sun is a star or that these lights is they refer to them. One was the moon, one was the star. They didn't have a freaking clue these an theanithal people. And supposedly all these billions of people in the world today are you know guiding their lives based on this archaic crap. They didn't know the moon from the, don't take any bulls from it. Or from the cock of all. That's what I was trying for, but you started to do with one finger, you know. I know cock of all. That's why I was looking for. And you know something like she said. Don't take any bulls down. That fits in here too. God damn it. I wonder how she's doing. Now that we don't take any calls anymore. She's fine. Is she? She calls from time to time. Good. How do you know that? Well, I take calls. I see when you're on taking those awful calls. Anyway, that's right, Laura. It says, but I was wondering if there were any other differences between the earth today and the earth before the flood other than the weather. Actually, there were quite a few differences for starters the continents were in the same places they are today. I'd believe that at one time South America Southern Africa Antarctica, Indiana, Australia all formed one big land mass. And of course, if the president keeps his global warming thing going on, pretty soon they'll all be one big water mass. Oh, I got a great editor on M to see how I segue into this. I'm not going to waste any time. I think whoever fact me this profusely, but it just makes me nauseous sick of my stomach. See, that's an oxymoron. Okay. Creation science. It's an oxymoron. Only stupid people believe in crap like that. Stupid right. Superstitious barbaric, grotesque ignorant people. But no balls. I mean, how big of a parody have to have to think for yourself, this big. What that was then? I just turned back there. Was that somebody out there in my door? Maybe want to go get it? No. I thought it was the fast machine, but it sounded like I might have been somebody out the door. Anyway, nobody home. Bob Herbert wrote in the New York Times a few days ago, June 6th, ignoring a growing peril. Very weird. He says the Bush administration has acknowledged that the U.S. will experience far reaching and in some cases devastating environmental consequences as a result of global warming. But it doesn't plan to do much about it. The administration has been so poor when it comes to climate change that this odd bit of news was initially seen as some sort of progress. It was thought momentarily that the president might be starting to pull his head out of the increasingly hot sand on this issue. The administration in a agency report, which was compiled by the environmental protection agency, notes that the warming of the U.S. is expected to be greater in the 21st century than in the 20th and will affect nearly every region of the country. Caesar expected to rise, causing an additional loss of coastal wetlands, storm surges will pose a greater threat to coastal communities. We'll have to endure more stifling heat waves and the disruption of snow-fed water supplies. Some treasured ecosystems such as the Rocky Mountain Meadows and certain coral reefs in barrier islands are likely to disappear entirely. In addition to acknowledging that the Earth is already sizzling, the report made it clear that human activity, the burning of fossil fuels that released heat-trapping gases in the atmosphere, was the primary culprit. This was no more than the statement of the obvious, most reputable scientists, but the acknowledgement was a first for the environmentally challenged Bush administration. And yet even with this most minimal acceptance of reality, it was too much for the truck that I winged at the president's party. Shrieks about rage arose among conservatives who immediately and loudly demanded that the president turned his back on the report and various head even more deeply in the sand. So on Tuesday there was meaning a week ago or Tuesday, there was George W. Bush doodifully distancing himself from his own administration's handy work. He assured one and all that he had no plans to lead any assault on global warming. He was coldly dismissive of the indurgency effort, I read the report put on by the bureaucracy he said. That must have been pretty demoralizing for the people that worked hard to put the report together. If Mr. Bush did read it he saw in chapter 6 an interesting ex and encapsulation of the projected global warming experience in the west of the next few decades. Siding plausible model scenarios, the reports said many areas of the country would undergo a change comparable to an overall northward shift in weather systems and climate conditions. The central tier of states would experience climate conditions roughly equivalent to those now experienced by the southern tier and the northern tier but experienced conditions much like the central tier. The changes already underway. Some areas are experiencing a shorter duration of lake ice and there's already been a northward shift in the distribution of some species of butterflies. These are changes that force you to wonder what kind of environment lies in weight is two or three generations hence. And yet we continue with very little restraint to spew out the so-called greenhouse gases. The U.S. is by far the biggest defender on a planet producing about 25% of all the greenhouse gas emissions in the world. But the U.S. has refused to participate in the Kyoto Propecure Protocol and international treaty that calls for the mandatory reduction of greenhouse gases by industrial nations. And the U.S. has refused to impose tough ant-turbed reductions on its own. Japan ratified the Kyoto Protocol on Tuesday and the 15 members of the European Union jointly presented their ratification to the one last week but with the mightiest power on a planet on wanting to participate and unwilling to formulate a real alternative the gases will just keep building and building causing the planet to get warmer and warmer. What we have here is a very serious problem that we understand and could do something about but so far because of a lack of presidential leadership we've taken a pass. The EPA report was called U.S. Climate Action report 2002. It should have been called the Inaction Report. What's Bob Herbert in last two days? New York Times. 1227 at 560 WQAM. If you're tired of hassles with your cellar to service, if you're tired of that $50 month plan that you thought you bought which winds up costing $100 a month, then do something smart get on the team with Team Celltech at Celltech Communications your authorized next-tell representative. For over 25 years now, Celltech's been providing cell Florida with the best service and they take the hassle away from dealing with any cellular company not to mention that grotesque expense too. Right now, next-tell shared rewards plan will allow you to share 4,000 monthly minutes with free incoming calls for just 54.99. Celltech's got a great selection of other plans no matter what your budget with most of them including free incoming calls, nationwide long distance caller ID, voice mail and next-tells unique direct connect to a radio feature. So whether it's one phone or a bidon, take it for me and their spokesman, J. Fiedler, Celltech Communications your authorized next-tell representative is the only smart way to go. Call today and get connected. Tolfree call 1-800-CELTECH2. That's 1-800-CELTECHC in the number two for cell tech communications keeping us. The phone commercial was childishly edited from its original form into our own converted version. Any reassembly of an actual commercial about this program is purely adolescent in a way affiliated with the advertiser but it doesn't make us laugh. It's not 30 to a 560 WDQIM. This poll today is going to be really bizarre, you can see it already. Not only in terms of being close but the fact of the matter is you notice that most of the songs that are not most of the songs are not most but a great minimum. Like half at least. Yeah, that's because like me and most people have heard of these songs. The ones that you and Robert were saying, oh yeah that's that was okay. It was pretty good. Spiral staircase. Spiral staircase what? Doesn't have any. The flying machines. Spiral staircase doesn't have any votes. Am I going to have to dig that out and play that again? Oh, this is going to frost my hand. I'm being contrary. There's a lot of these don't have any votes. We're also old. Okay, well let's take a look and see what we got. I don't think so. Got to be a cream and cry. I never heard that before I played it. 19 by Paul Hart Castle. Oh my god, the assembled multitude and the over cheer from Tommy. Your rock opera's got no votes. Shame on you. And I almost voted for that, too. I don't want to say that it frost my ass a little bit but you know what? Does it frost my ass? I'm going to have to dig that out again. I mean that is such a powerful such a strong Like the sports nerds you say back back on a good old days remember on a sports nerds you say oh he was really strong today Remember these to say that on a worse team all the time used to. I don't know what they say anymore. I don't know because they're not there anymore. No votes for this. It's got to French orange. Come, go and go. Oh my god, if you people got to be for brains or water. Oh Oh If I hadn't voted already for pictures of my segment I'd rush in the vote for that right now. I'd rush over there like an inch away and reach for my mouse. Can't believe it. Now let's see to get any votes. Nope. Goes to show you. I have no influence. These polls whatever they like they like it they like it. Nothing I can do about it. I tried telling Tim Williams that it's Zeta. Oh if you'd be more you know after this they more enthusiastic about the music we played the rest of the day. We could translate your numbers to the rest of the day. I kept telling them hey they don't like your music no matter what I say they're not going to listen to it. Okay, you idiot you jackass There goes got a couple votes now. Well thank god for you know something maybe we'll play a little longer. I'm sorry. I want to hear something. Where's vehicle by the odds of March? That's a good question. Oh, you know what it might have gotten cut off because it was the last one on the end of a page. Ah Vehicle by the odds of the results on there. It's got one vote. I found it. Oh thank god. It's all like I confused with the wall of save. Oh parent you know Which case it on have a lot more votes. I have like a hundred votes. You know like this? I love this. What are you talking about? What's that polite? The new restaurant You people better get with it around playing way Newton all later, Marl. Okay. I don't want to start writing what you're in some playing bush But I thought one that you just got done playing all even while fine worse ones than that all for the guy the asshole yesterday Who's not gonna be Jay Thomas? Yeah Let me just tell you right now BJ Thomas. I went I looked at sands for a BJ Thomas and they've got any mid in CD's in her and it been under his name was empty Which means everything they had is gone sold out probably they were listening to the show Could be never know So what do we got there the boys are back in town is got nine Classical gas and thunder clap Newman something in the air each have seven gonna be it's gonna be a tight Gonna be a good even battle here Carl Douglas kung-fu fighting six ten years after I'd like to change I'd love to change the word got thom oh that makes me feel like this was almost worthwhile. You know what? Yeah, but Starland Vocal Band has four nothing's perfect And you didn't even know the song what are you talking about? 10 years afters when I'm talking about I know this song. Yeah, you know it now. I know what before Oh Tell me I see that song like very similar to like signs by the five-man electrical band what that Wayne would get all been out of shape about you know Remember good old Wayne old baldy that nobody seems to talk about him much anymore small what an asshole he is Let's talk about Wayne all day tomorrow, you know This is a story that for whatever reason I meant to talk about this because I mentioned it then I never got to it So I saved it here on my pile These Supreme Courts is it'll consider whether some state laws that banned cross burning violates free speech rights of cool-clux fans Been or others You know this country's obsession would not bring flags and I've burning crosses just because something offends you doesn't mean that it's illegal As long as I'm on your own lawn I would assume right if it's on you were lawn and it's your cross then you got to write the burn it And if it pisses off some superstitious Christian out there tough crap In fact, you know something I think I'm gonna go out there right in the middle of the young street today and burn a cross just just for the hell of it And I'll probably like laugh. I'm over there and church street and do it Get all the fangs over there The high courts ruling expected some time next year could clarify how far states may go inventing a practice Associated with racial hatred and intimidation they recorded some Constitution of protection The court agreed to hear in appeal from Virginia where the state Supreme Courts struck down a 50 year old law that made it a crime to burn a cross to intimidate someone He sharply divided lower court rule that the state law was unconstitutional because such acts of bigotry are protected a protected form of speech The Virginia law is response to the class practice of setting crosses ablaze as a threat or warning to black people But it's warning says nothing about a racial motive instead banning the practice whenever its intent is to frighten the victim But what if you don't want to frighten anybody Right, what if you just want to roast the marshmallows the right to free speech is not absolutely Sympical pre-incorporate as previously rule at the government may prosecute some kinds of threatening a violence speech The line can be fuzzy since the government may not discriminate against speakers based solely on what they have to say 10 years ago the Supreme Courts struck down a hate crime ordinance from St. Paul, Minnesota that banned displays of Nazi swastikas or burning crosses that were intended to anger or alarm people on the basis of race-color Creed religion or gender the high court called that law an unconsonsumptuous discrimination against speech based on its content Courts in three states Florida, Washington, California have said that ruling does not apply to their laws the laws of four states South Carolina, Maryland, New Jersey and Virginia have been struck down And so on it goes and of course with this fascist Supreme Court God only knows what's gonna pass his law with them I guess they're busy trying to elect the next president. I'll write it ready for next time 1240 at five 60 WQ and P.D. Lenny man. There's the guy you expect some copy are gonna get it from P.D. Oh no He just always ask you to do the favors do this please do that. You know, I need the money But I'll never give you any copy because you just to full a crap anyway Delights isn't full a crap. It's a place where you can go by all kinds of good stuff for your diet For those of you who are kind of carbs especially because it's your official softboard atkins headquarters And now that spline has been introduced in a lot of the diet products You don't have to worry about those real harsh on your stomach Sweetness that these to put in so many of the diet products believe me you and your stomach will feel the difference Delights of West. Don't get carries thousands and thousands of weight loss products Supplements vitamins, diet folks everything you need to help you lose those pounds that are killing you You like salsa carries the largest selection of bakery products like pancake mix breads cookies cheesecakes Brownies muffins and it clears they also carry low carbon sugar free products like pasta Swices ketchup crackers candy champion like chocolate and their famous carbohydrate ice cream too Head to a Delights of West. Look and don't forget you can try before you buy it You can try anything in the store a little taste before you make your purchase Call them at 1-877 low carb check out their website at look carb.com or better yet take a zip over there and visit the store On the northeast corner of Glades in 441 in Boken please don't let Neil and PD Laney sent you by the original The Glights of West Boca your official atkins retail Oil QAM I'm dying on the hair is grandma grandma just putting way too old is there constant Naging for attention getting to be a major in convenient There's no one to wipe me over here if you answered yes to any of these questions Medellins.com's health and hospitality division has the answer Netherlands, Youth and Asia services over the centuries Millions of people have a discovered death to be the preferred alternative to life Our staff is put together crack medical professionals in Holland where youth in Asia is legal who will ensure your comfort as they Youth and Ice you or your love group you will be flown first class to Amsterdam where you'll be treated to the most lavish going away party ever Imagine at one of Amsterdam's luxurious horse-star hotels two full days and nights of food drink and Marryment followed by professional and comfortable youth in Asia after which your remains will be sent back to your loved ones or taking care of locally With Netherlands highest-quality body disposal available so if you're suffering from an incurable disease or you may just be playing bored with living Log on to Netherlands youth and Asia services and get the party started Comforty six and five sixty don't forget log on at wqm.com star playing the toy to baseball trivia challenge Weekly prizes include golf or forward chulas grand prize the trip opportunity or co-related weekend to see tomorrow's play the month So log on to what and start playing with it at wqm.com Mad dog Jim Manich Come in briefly. Oh right the Simon for half hour today between one and one thirty. Well, I'm sure glad that nobody heard me talking about Voluntary Newark the extra half hour. Are you yeah? Oh, oh, I'll still be here so it's all the same to me Wow, that all the same to me Boy, just a thought of that since Quivers up with shivers up and down my thumbs fine just thinking about that Bad idea, you know, thank you 12 volts for the boys are back in town by thin Lizzy Eight for thunder clap now that surprises me because we've done another thunder clap Newman in the past Although I guess it wasn't one hit one or thing wasn't right it has before it was in with other things Yeah, it was in with other things, but of course when you compared with this this list today is nothing all I guess today yesterday was heavy duty This list today is lacking you know what is lacking what a lot of good songs How can you say that with kung fu fighting on there get out of here kung fu my ass after noon to lungo jury in the summertime Oh The vapors turning Japanese with all the respect of the guy at the facts those three at least he was right the turning Japanese They may be doing it, but they're not listening to it Genie C Riley Harper Valley people. Oh, it's got three votes. Oh my god What When I was just thinking about lunch plans to you know, I hate that song. I despise it Newsday reports post September 11 baby boomer who said boom expected Obstetrician than staffs at some hospital delivery rooms nationwide are gearing up for a summer baby boom That many say was sparked by the 9 11 terrorist attacks and I see that has make any sense to me Why not? Because with that kind of crap going on the word why would you want to make more babies with seem to be we should have the opposite effect You need an error and a spare I see This was kind of a wakeup call for people said Dr Paul Castell an obstetrician professor at long island college hospital in New York City They saw the towers burning when they got home. They said you know, it's never gonna be the right time We should start now in other words. There was screw in our brains out New York which took the biggest hit in the terrorist attacks is expected to be the boom's epicenter Castell says the beginning in mid-June like any day now deliveries in his own Brooklyn practice will increase 20 to 25% compared with last summer Just what we need is a population explosion right not Dr. Jacques Moritz had said looks rose of el hospital and Manhattan anticipates a 15% increase and it's same Vincent's husband Not far from ground zero. They're also preparing for a summer boom. I'll do that. I haven't figured out the percentage. How how could they figure it out anyway? How do they know? I think they pull the people know somebody already did Elsewhere some delivery rooms staffs around a country are also bracing themselves that includes Baylor University Medical Center in Dallas Or summer deliveries will include some of the hospital's own staff five nurses in Baylor's labor and delivery department are pregnant and do in July and August Spokeswoman Katherine Goldstein jokingly suggested to Department of Up to New Model don't drink the water And at least one celebrity will be a minor proud parents during a recent interview with Oprah Winfrey Community in Chris Rock said 911 prompted him in his wife to conceive I didn't think those dark folks need any like extra incentive to conceive Elsewhere Judy and Beck Bromberg husband Neil Bromberg and three-year-old daughter Lila are preparing for an edition of their Bethesda Merlin home in July If we had to take each other in our child for granted this ended on that day's his Beck Bromberg was expecting his son She says the attacks hit home largely because her husband and attorney works just two blocks from the White House The wind formations exist. I might have been the intended target of the hijack plane that crashed in Pennsylvania At this point evidence of an overall jump in 911 post 911 pregnancies even for the New York metropolitan areas anecdotal That's because it takes demographers weeks or even months to collect and tell a official birthday There are however signs that a boom is coming says Beck Bromberg who runs a business called 40 weeks a whole sailor for products for babies and new mothers for Company sales to such retailers as babies are us dot com are up more than 75% and in Miami The star cabin who birthed an announcement company is had at Stanford because catalog request Indicate that business could quadruple the summer Oh When asked why they want to have a child in such turbulent times many new parents said a need for togetherness healing and even patriotism Well, that's a great way to say the company the numbers game Sure worked for China Maybe our child can help in some small way to make the world a better place at Missia Costa who's doing July lives in Montjuulia, Tennessee Just outside Nashville. Oh, they're reproducing their Nashville Christopher coin of Houston says he and why Trish conceived a daughter while on a brief honeymoon in Manhattan I'm off after the planes at the World Trade Center. They've decided name her Nicole event coin initials NYC Yeah, but some experts say 911 is the only reason more couples are expecting while their planning for increased December compared with last Birds were already up 6% in April and women's an infant hospital of Rhode Island and Providence and Bassett health care and upstate New York Says a mini baby boom happened at its hospitals in the first quarter of the year Some suspect that means couples decided to place parenthood above fears about a shaky job market and following economy Not terrorism Even New York or Lisa debtwylis says the terrorists actually could see from her Brooklyn home didn't prompted to get pregnant though They didn't have an effect She and husband bill have been tried to conceive a third child for almost a year and were finally successful After being cooped up in their own for days after 911. They were unable to work in Manhattan You're so happy you're safe and bed and your husband's alive. You just screw your brains out You're grow broke rope and then you'll hope hope huh and then you call the Pope Pope Pope and hope and act like a dope dope dope dope well, I don't know making all these babies. I just I don't get it I mean world of soul for popular at all ready. We've got millions and millions and millions of starving desperate people and the Pope likes it 1252 at 560 WQM here's something you'll like and that is Reconcepts man or sensational are one of the best the units in the entire world. They got a good unit They've been coming to my house for over 20 years making my schmootsie carpets look just like brand new and they'd be delighted to do the same for you They'd be honored and you'll be honored too because they could be a guaranteed written price before they start doing a cleaning job Before they start driving in your carpet and then they get done and you have a big smile on your face because your carpets look and smell Just like brand new lemony fresh. They're trying a couple of hours and they'll walk out with no rip off No games because like I said they give you a guaranteed written price before they start even rolled up their sleeves And doing a work so if you want carpets that look like just just like brand new at a fraction of the cost Treat yourself in your carpets to a spring cleaning from dry concepts today in Broward called nine five four 3707778 nine five four three seven oh 7778 and data Palm Beach call them tool free 1 800 248 5071 that's 1 800 248 5071 clean today enter 4305 60 2A and break into Shut guy Shut guy What's with him and he way He's aware looking do that looks like a retarded Michael J Even though that's a big dude When he runs up and down the court, it looks like a buffoon He says he's an athlete or rapper and after a poet Yeah, that's what he thinks But he's just a goof that plays the hoop with that jackass Kobe and every time I turn on my TV set At my place I see the shirt he's got that dope be look on his face that shut guy I can't help but laugh at him Every time that dummy makes a rap CD no one buys it and If his eyes were any closer on the stomach state He'd look like a down syndrome kid that dribbles the ball with one There's Guy Got a liking he's only kind of worked out a bigger head than Joe Rose. I'll tell you that 1258 at 560 WCM. We got to Jim Mad Dog Manage coming up very briefly a very tough assignment today 30 minutes a half an hour Offer to take the half hour and he said