The snowman! Now the Neil Rutter Show with my 560 WQAM! These are Catholic for 15 minutes, is that so much to ask? No, this is a Prattles update! In 60 seconds flat! Hey, we got him here, what's going on in the sausage factory, how do we get in? Well wait for Tony's water here to blow an animal change to land! Baby, being leaving, freezes being leaving, then crawls being leaving! Why? You giant ass! Got the water! Pick the light! Oh no, call it off! Oh come on! There's someone who got feeling Tony's pool! Psycho twin! Men are just real mates and alcohol, but some clothes are lighter! You're wasted or covered with urine! Oh my god! And? Episode 2! Tony's mother has a trachea, the cat! Oh, she's dead! Tony's upset! Why, he tried to kill her! Now the next night! Hey, what's up? My god! I'm back and Jewish! Joker, Joker! Plus something you don't have! And a triple! Holy boar! The blavoured turn! Oh my god, it's jealous! Your boyfriend's a sandwich at XXO! Yes! Everyone say something nice about your bed mother! Bitch, bitch, bitch! I love to! Oh, I'm jealous! Oh, I'm proud of all those updates! In 60 seconds flat! Alright! I know 2 at 5.60, WQM happy Tuesday, too. I'll tell you one thing, boy, the hump or milk that thing yesterday and mole melted like, I'll see the burden cow this morning just squeezed a dry are we going to do the same thing? Yeah, they show! Sure, why not? Why not? Or the poll experts on this show, we do good poll. Make no mistake about that. And as TV guide thing, I was saying a Georgia minute ago and Miguel. The same people are read the TV guide of the people are read readers' digest. Same crowd, nobody reads TV guide. And if you want the TV book it's in your newspaper every Sunday, right? If you're not intelligent enough to buy a newspaper, then you should be read readers' digest and TV guide, they both suck. Or you have your online guide right there on your satellite dish or whatever it is. Right, your own digital cable or whatever you got. Like little old ladies who have like one of those little antennas on the TV, whatever they call those in aerial? Rabbit ears? Rabbit ears, very good. Little ladies with rabbit ears who watch Oprah and who are subscribed to TV guide, there are ones. Asls, hate TV guide. And I hate their list. Which will give us plenty of opportunity. I think we're going to milk it, not just for one day. This is the most dangerous thing or two. We'll milk it for three days on a show for the rest of the week. Don't you think that's a great idea? I love it. Because if you're going to take the ultimate poll and we've done this before, I'm not really sure when last time as we did the TV show thing, but we've done amended these on movies and actors and TV shows. etc. We even did the one on not pornostars, didn't we? While I was gone apparently. I believe we did. I don't know. Did we really do that? Because I don't remember who the one on the other. We don't know. We don't remember who the one on the other. And you know who we get short tripped and it pisses me off as bandy woods. I keep mentioning that. Maybe nobody out there seen Debbie does Dallas. It's an old movie. And she's probably 85 years old. Now like Amber Lynn. Joe Costello told me she looked like a lot of toad jam behind after she was on their show. Amber Lynn. She's got to be like 75 years old. But nevertheless, bandy woods. You saw Debbie does Dallas, right? I don't even know. It was a hundred years ago. You don't even know. Those were in the days when pornostars were like I keep screaming about. Actually had names. And they were identifiable as opposed to like, you know, all the same. And in those days, you actually went to a theater to see them. Oh, God. And I only saw two pornostars. It was a double feature in a theater and that was one time. And the rest were just incidental tapes that were, you know, just on somewhere. Friends house. Well, see it the gate even night. Oh, it's big in the movies and just as for all last night, I mentioned that I cut the last hour of that last night. And it goes to show you something that during the course of your lifetime, I guess it's all things in their particular time. They impress you in a certain way. And some things, you know, last, they're lasting and they stand a true test of time. Other things and just as for all the ones seen in the courtroom, there were al Pacino goes nuts. And he says, my client is guilty. She goes straight to F and J, I like and just goes, H, man, that that seems worth the price of admission long. But the rest of the movie is so damn depressing. Just enough to make you want to blow your brains out or somebody else is it's pretty pretty depressing movie. But the one scene is great and just is for all. And he's great. Our poorly yesterday, what do you dislike most about Neil's show? 1126 votes, nothing. It's fine. 277. Nothing. I like it better than ever. 241. That's pretty good total. Pretty impressive from this picky audience, especially when you give them a whole bunch of categories to bitch about. No phone calls to 05. They don't like that. Well, we took some phone calls for yesterday and Guess what? They sucked. They bit the big one man. They sucked. To cheese. So I don't know. Maybe we'll take a couple today. I doubt it though. Because if we did that, then you know who's going to call the same. The same losers who called them. Oh, this morning. Ah, how about that? The big valley. Yeah, we don't want to hear that again. Okay. Because this is going to be very complicated and very scientific and a lot more accurate than the TV guide. And to show you how an equity TV guide is. If you go to their website, which if you want to get there list, I'll read their list in a minute. Okay. She missed Mo and the Hank and everybody else who's a milk listing. But if you go to their website, you can find the list. And also you can vote your own on there. And believe you me, the list from the public is nothing like the list that their experts at TV guide came up with. Anyway, let's see. No phone calls 205 on our poll yesterday. Too much reading. I thought there'd be a lot more net only 89. That's like 8 to less than 8%. Did you think there'd be more on that category? Nope. Too many pre-story 79. Don't like the tone of the show 75. That's where most of the bogus votes came in. Go leaves go 71. Under way to front page of the newspaper this morning. Matt Sundine may play tonight. Don't hold your breath. You know. Only three weeks since he broke the bone in his hand. He can't hold his stick. Stick that is. But nevertheless, we're praying. We got our fingers crossed and the town is on fire. Not enough comedy but 52 and too many comedy but 36. That was yesterday's poll. So it seems like awful lot of happy people out there, which is good. That's the way we like it. And if not, see ya. And of course some people would say, wow, you know, the people who didn't like the reading of the stories and didn't like this. A lot of those people are gone. Well, guess what? Have a great life. Bye bye. Like John McLaughlin would say, bye bye. Now speaking of an appole about TV, there's an separate poll. And this one, I'm not sure which one pisses me off the worst. This just frost my fat ass. Ten years ago next week, Johnny Carson gave up the chair on NBC's tonight, so I'm quite likely in a retirement. But the man who made come act the magnificent art firm and his razor sharp, metley monologue part of the National Landscape is far from forgotten. According to a new Gallup poll, this is George Gallup, the Republican right wing poster. Who's a real asshole? According to a new Gallup poll, this is ranked the best late night talk show host of all time. I've no problem with that, even though he's not, but I have no problem with the poll. That's expected. But the poll asked responded to pick from six hosts. Carson, his successor, J. Leno with a stupid chin, Prodigy David Letterman, predecessor Steve Allen and Jack Parr and competitor Dick Kevin. Boy, Dick Kevin's a piece of crap, you know. I don't know. He's a twerp, quite. But Carson was picked by 39% of the poll takers. Well, I heard the 20% of picked Letterman and the 16% of who's Leno, 6% host Steve Allen, par and cavit burly ranked it all. I'm going to tell you something, a part of that has to do with age, I guess. But the old Jack Parr show, and I'll see if Alan was on before Jack Parr, so I'll can etpy. But Steve Allen gets it because of his Sunday night show, which didn't make the top 50 TV guide by the way, what a joke, what an infammy. You asshole's a TV guide, you make me sick to my stomach, you make me want to poop my guts out. Anyway, par and cavit burly ranked it all. Cavit, I can understand, he was like a blip on a radar screen and his, history of TV. I mean, he was on a lot, but he was always torpey and obnoxious and everybody hated him. But Jack Parr show was great. He had Alexander King and Doty Goodman, all these great characters used to be on the show all the time. Jack Parr was sensational. The elephant under the Renshee Frank newport was somewhat surprised by the results. We might expect younger Americans a more skewed toward appeal for Leno and Letterman. He said, on CNN live today, however, Carson, who does better in the older group still has 26% of the 18 to 20 90 roles who say he's their favorite of all time. Many in that age group knew poor that, were teenagers or younger when Carson left the year in 1992. Now let's see, he's been off the year for nine years, ten years. Ten years, so if they're like 18 to 29, well I guess, because 18 it would have been eight years old when he went off the year. Not too interested in that kind of programming. No, and not too many of them up at that time at night, see what I'm saying? Right, so if they were like 20, they would have been ten. Now, ten year olds weren't watching Johnny Carson, I'm sure later night. No, if they were like, four, let's see, 22, they'd have been 12. So this is bogus again, see? They're just saying it because he's a big name, he's famous, everybody knows he is Johnny. They know that crap. But talking to me this song, and then it's about 26% of 18 to 29 year olds, they were like 19. I can see that. When you start staying up like past 11 30 at night, when you're like 15, 16? Yeah, 14, so this is crap. It's bogus again. Meanwhile, despite Jalen was rating success, tonight hosties come under fire from TV critics for his lackluster interviews and rimshot monologue sounds. Too much women, too much of the rumor. The Gallupol is conducted May 6th tonight, 2002 with a sample size of a thousand and twelve. Jack Parnotch who went up really frost my ass and a business about 18 to 29 year olds say Johnny Carson. They never saw Johnny Carson. Not only that, but his demos were getting older and older if you recall. Kind of like ordinary. Exactly. So you know those young people weren't watching Johnny, they were watching Letterman if anything. Yeah. Well, I'm just telling you, got 26% of the 18 to 29 year olds to show you how bogus these poles are. People are talking about our pole and how people did it with our pole, etc. And so on, even though they're unscientific, etc. And all the other stuff, I still think, you know, they're just as valid as a sub-suit. In other words, they don't mean to hell of beans, but it's your lot of fun. So TV guide decided, I guess they picked them out of a hat they must have. Just to piss everybody off, just like people magazine this the thing with the 50 most beautiful people in the world. And you look at it and either laugh or cry one of the other. I mean, at least two thirds of those 50 people. You would look at a second time if they like, you know, crawled under your front door naked. You wouldn't even look at them a second time or first time. To you kick their ass out. So it's the same kind of a thing. It's just a list of everybody talking and maybe a few extra people to buy TV guide. Are we going to buy a TV guide this way? No, why don't you have to do that? I got the list right here. And you can go to their website and get it all for free. And then you can vote on there. And by the way, not, well, let's see, what were it on there list? To show you how different their list is because they're letting the public vote online. And you can go to tvguide.comslash 50th. TVguide.comslash 50th. Number 43 on their list happens to be so far in a public voting number one by a landslide with a public. How do you like that, huh? What I'm saying about that Michael and you. Oh. Oh. Thank you. But, and this is it. When it hands down your pants, we'll get to that in a second. We can kill some good time with this the next three days. Thank you, Moll. Thank you, Hank. Hey, what's wrong with that? Were the poor the poll people? We got the poll position. Speaking of the poll position, join the overnight guys. Join Mark tomorrow morning. 7.9. They dunk in donuts at 3.99 South State Road 7 just to have M outside of the Atlantic Boulevard. Stop by and try to win some of our usual crappy QA imprises that's with Joe and Mark. And dunk in donuts in Pompano tomorrow morning. So like on your way to work or on your way to the track to like muck out the stalls. If you want a fantastic meal and a great atmosphere, the Armadillo Cafe is just that place. There were an institution in Soundfloor. In fact, every time you read about the top restaurants in Soundfloor, we're talking about rated by people in all grade food. Armadillo Cafe is on the top of the list. And now Armadillo Cafe is in their great new location, 3,400 South University Drive, just south of 595 in Davy in the Apitra Law Plaza. Can I say that? Right where a city's buffet used to be? Why not? I just said that. The food in Armadillo Cafe is sensational. We're talking about really gourmet stuff. Start out with an appetizer like the Tequila Grilled Shrimp with Corn and a Cakes, or the Tempor Island Princess Conk, in order one of their terrific spinach salads with glazed pecans or the pistachio-crusted mozzarella salad with lemon-bazard dressing. The enthrases are prepared with the best and the freshest ingredients, rather pan-sir the yellowtail snapper with roasted peppers or the sea bass with sweet corn and veal glaze. Two is from dozens of other mouthwatered enthrases on a big menu and for dessert. Sample the Armadillo Crembroulet have you ever had that? No. Oh my god, that is so good it would just make you pee in your pants or warm chocolate fritters covered in hot fudge. Oh god, Armadillo Cafe for reservations call 9-5-4-4-2-3-99-54. That's 9-5-4-4-2-3-99-54. Throw to one of the best restaurants in Broward for the past 14 years in a row. Armadillo Cafe at Smoke Free and there's plenty of free parking as well as complimentary family parking. Check them out on the web too at armadillo.cafade.com. I'll be sure to tell them that old meals are in. They'll take great care of you in your eaten style. It's a sensational restaurant. One of the best anywhere in your neck of the woods is the Armadillo Cafe. Seven Coleman. No portion of this program really delicious. I'm really busy just to help you express great information at WQAM. Be the broadcast group and cooperate it. Hello? How do you like that? I go rushing out there myself on rings and the other room I go rushing out there and it's some bitch with a wrong number. I thought we were going to have one more spot to go. But it was more exciting this way, you know? Okay. How long were we dead here like about the 5-2 seconds? Oh, damn it. Five would have been more exciting. Well, sorry about that, but the self-owners were going to figure out it had to be something really important. It was some bitch with a wrong god damn number. Hi Brian, is it a tutti there? Some crap like that. Damn freaking bitch. What kind of crap is it anyway? You're a f**k. You know. Well, anyway, that gives us more time. Okay, for us. The 50-grade issues of all time which were milking on QA because let's face it on the sport shows is the reports going on. No. That anybody cares about it said Paki, of course, the Stanley Cup playoffs. The big leaf solder will game here at the Air Canada Center tonight. Canadians fooled them up like an accordion. They're done. Colorado and San Jose, they're all tied up. But nevertheless, only that. Just missed the talent. Oh, the Stanley Cup playoffs. Are you giving me a word? I heard it. I said no. So anyway, we're going to do our own pull here today. So Eric just relax. Okay. Have a big fat stoichi and joy couple of omelets. Whatever to hell you're doing. I hear that the beast, the rumor is the beast's lost a lot of weight. That's the rumor. How's he doing it? Magic. Oh, man. That moe, he really is something. He is a real clown. Roman Catholics in Eurelio in Nova Scotia's matter. Fact right up here as well. Way to the Easter. Speaking highly of a retired priest who's being investigated by Nova Scotia. Police following allegations of sexual abuse. Oh, my God. He's a wonderful man and has done an awful lot of good in our parish. Mark Roland, a member of the local Guardian Angels. Parasite of Father, Humec Donald. He was exceptionally good at handling funeral masses. The sick and the elderly in the parish and he'll be sorely missed. While officially retired, McDonald carried out some duties at the Guardian Angels' Parasite, the priest has been relieved of those duties. It'll not be living at the rectum where he was under investigation. Persona is what he has today. It's our understanding that Father McDonald is denied the allegations. Persona is asked to keep him in their prayers at all times. That parish priest, Father Edwin Galea. McDonald's 79's been investigated by Cape Rautam Police after a Cape Breton. Did I say Breton? Yes. Cape Breton Police after a British Columbia man who committed suicide. Left the note alleging that a priest sexually abused him about 30 years ago. David Martin 39 was an altar boy in the 70's at a church in Newwaterford, Nova Scotia where McDonald was a priest. Cape Breton Police say they've received four more written complaints from citizens. Alleging sexual attacks by a priest while they were children in our near Newwaterford. In other words, this old, koot, this old child lost in peace of third. I just mentioned that, you know, we got to interspersome of this good news in between all the other good stuff in between this pond-rusting with the TV shows. But you look at the list, which I'll read there list. I think what we're going to do is divide it in the three days. Take 17 because you can't divide 50 by three even, but 17's pretty close. We'll take like the top 17 and put those on our list. Okay. And then we'll take like a bunch of others from New Orleans. Then tomorrow we'll take like the top whatever. 17 survivors from that. And then we'll put you see what I'm saying. Okay. Okay. And then we'll combine like the runoff on the Thursday. So here's the list from a TV guide. Give fast New York seatbelt if you haven't heard it. The 50 greatest shows of all time. Based on what based on their history of based on and picking them out of a hat. Pick them out of their ass. Sign film. I mean, see, you see that right off the bat. And to me, I just think, why, you know, why? That's like saying the Rascal house is the best restaurant in South Florida. Same thing. Sign filled. I love loosely number two. Honeymooners number three. All of them family four. So, planos five. 60 minutes number six. That's late Joe with David Letterman number seven, which is just a slap in the face to me. The Simpsons number eight. The Andy Griffith show is number nine. Little Andy Griffith number nine. Oh my god. Like I told you before to show Matlock would have been an improvement over the Andy Griffith show. Is that make you want a gang or what? Seriously, it's just, it's in vain on the face of it. Where the hell did they come up with this crap? What are the criteria? Oh, oh my god. Hockey and a pokey and, uh, Senate of a hokey. That's the ninth best show. If that was, if sign fell was the best show and, and the Andy Griffith was the ninth best show in history. It's television. I put a goddamn boulder. Not just a rock. I put a boulder to my screen right now. That's how that frost my fat ass. I'm granted you can argue about this all day, which is what makes it a little bit of fun. But Andy Griffith show is number nine. Saturday night live 10, the Mary Tyler Moore show 11, because everybody feels sorry for Mary she's had a rough life. Tonight show starring Johnny Carson number 12, the Dick Van Dyke show number 13. Pillsdreet Blues, then the Ed Sullivan show is 15, Carol Bernat Show, the today show is 17. I can do a whole hour screaming about today show. How can you put that on there? Because the today show is like Matt Lauer and Katie Karrick about his boring as vanilla pudding. And of course today's show in the beginning was also boring as vanilla pudding with Dave Giroway and Frank Blair and Jack Laskoli and the little chimpanzee. And it's gone through a hundred thousand different incarnations over the years, including Joe Dodgeola and a whole bunch of illiterate people. So how can the day show be the 17th best show in history of television? I mean, what's your we even talking about, right? Right. Exactly. Cheers number 18. That'll make little Tommy happy. Thirty something nineteen. Same elsewhere. Friends, you are nightline 23. Oh Jesus God. Talk about a bunch of pseudo intellectuals. It must have put this crap together. Law and order 24th, Mashed 25. The twilight zone 26, which is where the survey belongs. Sesame. Sesame Street is number 27. Come on now. If you're going to put a kid show it, let me just run off the bat. I was going to save this. If you're going to put a kid show on list, which this doesn't even make the list. And you're going to make 20. Sesame Street number 27. How about... What time is it? Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Thank you. Ah! Buffalo bombs rolling in the spray wasn't real. Oh, wow. Oh, deep, dirty kid then. Oh, Buffalo bombs. Well, how do you miss to do it? And boys and girls at home and kids in a gallery, let's go! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! I'd tell you one thing, Mr. Bluster's role in his grave too, and also Princess Winterfall Summer Spring. And Clara Bell. Pistach. I mean, you're putting a sesame street on a par with how do you do it? Well, I never saw how do you do it. So what tell do you know then? I saw everyone's in the real prison. That's not a street. It's not in the same league with how do you do it? It's totally dirty. It's totally dirty was like a bigger than God. It's bigger than life itself. It has the muffler. Oh, folk. I know you don't understand. This is the 50 greatest shows of all time. You punk. You put by the way it's an English kid. Posse, you were saying not on your butt. Get my vote, though. Anyway, so Cosby shows 28, Donnie, who 29. Your show of shows that was said Caesar 30. The defender 31. American, the defenders 31. What the hell's the defenders? It's nothing. It was boring. What is it? The defenders, you know, Emma Peel and the guy with a derby with the boulder and the umbrella? Ah, I'm getting a headache. American family 32 and nobody has any idea what that show is. Anybody there know what it is? Nope. We haven't even got an idea what American family is or was. You'd have to look at that TV book that's sitting around there because I don't have one here. I got my movies and my music stuff. I didn't get an RTV book. Playhouse 90 is 33. Fraser 34. Rosanne. 35. The fugitive 36. The expiles 37. Now here's one. It just infuriates me. It just makes me want to scream the Larry Sanders show with the obnoxious disgusting Gary Chandling, a walking tribute to anti-Semitism. I guess they like people like that. I'm surprised the nannies not on here. It wasn't bad. They love Jerry Seinfeld and they love Larry Sanders show. Larry Sanders. Sanders. Whatever it is, name it. What's in the back of the family? Larry Sanders show is he's the anti-crimeist. The rockford files 39. Gunsmoke 40. Fuffy and a vampire slayer 41 which by the way is number two in the public list behind Vananza. They say it's number 41. Rowan and Martin's laugh in 42 which it had been much higher. But Anza 43 which like I said is number one with the public so far in her survey. Bob Newhart Show. I mean Bob Newhart is like the George McGovern of comedy. 44. Twin Peaks 45. Star Trek the next generation 46. Rocky and his friends which I guess that was the name of the show we thought it was Rocky and Bowenkel. Apparently. 47. Taxi 48. The Oprah Winfrey Show. They like fat disgusting fraud like I said. That's 49th and B. Witch was 50. Now I've got my own list to show that they don't have honor and you can facts as you're list okay. But that's the 50 picked by TV guy picked by the experts the pervert to TV guy is the 50 best TV shows of all time. Anybody buy in it? No. They make me sick a TV guy. Thank God I know by their crappy magazine. 97. At 5. 60. Here's something else I don't buy but you show that champion light I don't buy it because I get it for free. Damn it you bastion you cheap. Yeah that's right. And kid he keeps shipping it up here and I keep sucking it down I got some out of here right behind me. Some fruit punches matter. If you feel a little fruity it's for you. Six delicious champion light flavors and as we've been telling you for a long time. This is the good stuff man this is the sports freak you want to go start hustling down because unlike gatorade any other sports drinks that are loaded with sugar and calories and carbohydrates which you try to get rid of. Champion light doesn't have any of that stuff in your calories no carbs no crab no caffeine just great good taste and all the electrolytes you could possibly need to. So get yourself the real sports drink that's catching on like wildfire now available in 60 delicious flavors with new and improved taste by the way it comes in great and fruit punch lemon lime orange and course the tuna flavors black raspberry or blue raspberry whatever you like call it and lemonade as well. And don't forget you can sample the champion light flavors this Saturday for free free that's the operative word joined off in quarterback Dave Feadler who's all over the place at the new Walmart Superstore 3801 turtle creek drive across brings 10 302 this coming Saturday or if you want to find a story actually can buy it would like real cash just look up their website at champion light dot com that's champion. And Rocky is a nice from course field in Colorado come to stress 8 30 on sports video 5 60 q a m the Roger's got Saturday night on CBS eat it is back from the end it's the 20th anniversary of all of the family. Oh rookie dead if you name John jello we. Daddy don't be such a crotch. Now whatever happened to my little girl who catches why don't you push yourself away from the table huh maybe have a salad once in a while. Don't you know how many of the world's people have never had a decent me. Again with the charity she lives well it's true. So why don't you send them the bones from the turkey you had from what. What a what a what. Why the war again. Oh shit. Thank you. See if I thought she was pushing on days. Oh no watching the last episode was all of the entry. He seems so bad you may. What was it back there? First of day off you can mean it. Be it. That's one of your fan of our career all on the family Saturday night on CBS. Rocky you buy IBS home car Sponeman school where you can learn auto mechanics gun repair. All that. You know some more. Yeah how that could not be in the top 5 beat to hot. What was it wasn't the top 5 was number 4 like I said how that could not be number one. Just a astonish as me. Do you have any doubt? No better than the sign fell than I let Lucy certainly. And the honey movers and the honey movers. Right. Well also the one that beat in this survey. Well let me take a look right now on the appol. By the public I'm not talking about ours because we haven't done it yet. Okay just relax. The one that they're doing a TV guy where the public in vote. But answers number one with 23% of the votes. I got about 60,000 votes. Buffie the vampire slayers got 17% in a very strong second place. How do you like that which means a lot of punks are getting on their own voting? Indeed. Huh? Yeah it's punks. Are you making guttable sounds again? No what can you not hear me? You went in like that. No. The ex files 9% well that's what came across up here. You went in like that that's what I heard. I think it went. Which is screwed up again right. Ex files is third with 9% and then we got a tie for fourth sign felt in Simpson's He's have 7% friends has got 4% as does mash and I love loosely. Did friends make the top 50? Oh yeah 21st. Star Trek the next generation got 3% the Andy Griffith shows got 2% that was their Number 9 show also 2% for cheers the Cosby show all of the families only got 2% That's so ridiculous. Oh my god that is enough to make me want to just give this up. ER 2% 60 minutes 1% law and order 1% David Letterman 1% soprano is only 1% Johnny Carson all of these had 1% Johnny Carson said it in that live a twin geeks Carol Burnett show the honey motors Mary Tyler Moore had 1% Also with 1% Dick Van Dyke twilight zone and with less than 1% Ed Sullivan says a maistory phrase your hill street blues v witch your show of shows Rosanne say else word taxi in a rockford files And Gunsmoke and the Bob Newheart show and Rowan and Martin's laughing and the Oprah Winfrey show in a fugitive And the 30 something and Larry us Larry Sanders show had 0% less than 1% Today show also less than 1% night line less than 1% and American family nobody knows what Tell that is anybody told you what that is yet. No and I forgot to go get the book because I was pissing. Oh I'll go get a lot of a lot of peon and crapping going on with this Hey every morning early in the morning and all through the show peon and crapping and crapping and crapping And that's it. Let's see here's a fact it says defenders was about lawyers with eg martial and Robert Reed Who will pour Robert Reed he still dead and guess what so is eg martial so I don't remember that show Yeah, I was I'm the spoke I was thinking of the Avengers with him a peon Oh yeah with that yeah Avengers defenders whatever That was okay Crap Yeah, how come neither LA law nor not slanting made the list when especially and we talk about this just the other day That not slanting was the longest running a nighttime soap in history of TV What you said No, that's not what I said that's a fact that's a freaking fact mister you better check your facts You better know you're long one on the night time soaps mister because you sure don't How's the bridge then you're doing he still dead I think we better take calls on this today because facts is going to be too long and pondress, you know You don't have to screen him no kid all panicky don't get grouchy Miguel As soon as I mention anything about calls he gets very upset Start throwing the darts at the Castro darkboard by the way how about Jimmy and the Fidel huh up in the tree k i SS i and g they're doing man I got some stuff on that which we might good to or not is the case maybe might have to take calls on as far as so it can be a list the right way But see the what they're doing is they're only letting people vote That was the fugitive on here. They're only letting people vote on the same 50 on the TV guide list and the result as you can hear is just dramatically different I mean if we only restricted to those 50 look it on my list and I've already got here for example Steve Allen show on Sunday night. I mean gotta be in the top 10 Maybe the funny funny a show in a history of television drag net Do you doubt that no I don't I found an American family by the way is that what it was called an American family American family a PBS show from January 73 through March 73 Continental documentary series chronicling the lives of members of the loud family of Santa Barbara California And on a non never heard of it me was on PBS there you go well that's a kind of crap that they would put on her it's a suit thing just like putting night line on here Nobody watches night line Christ they're desperate to get that the geek with a bad wig off the ear. They're dying to get couple off the ear. They just couldn't get lettermen They got nothing else to put on nobody watches night line. They say they watch night line Anyway drag net studio see if you're gonna put playhouse 90 which I agree belongs on there. Although it's way before your time. There were other great shows like that studio one on the bus with the alicitor cook Great shows And how about they left off Perry Mason who why five oh how do you do do like I said moments ago and and they left off mission freaking impossible Is there any doubt in your mind that that belongs on there? No, okay, well we got one call on here. I guess they don't believe I'm taking calls. Hello. Are you taking calls today? I might I Got No, but there you go. See what I'm talking about. I'm doing a thing here. We're compiling a list I have now one call on this on the board and this guy wants to tell me about pedophile priest in Lutterdale lake The first facts that you sent me is a long long thing about this I got it right here Two ex-altre boys suit their former priest in the arts dinesy submimi on Monday accusing the Reverend John Luka a report remember Luca my name is Luca I'll worry about Luca The Reverend John Luka repeatedly sexually abusing them in the late 1970s while they attended saying Helen Catholic school in Lutterdale lakes Stephen Calvert and Scott Melonson both 37 file student dates her concord against their former priest and the arts dices Which owns and operates the school alleging a soft battery and flesh of emotional distress and other harm The suit accuses Luca of ingratiating himself with the boys families and then molesting them starting in 1976 is in his fort Lutterdale home And then during overnight religious retreats and a summertime cross country trip in 1978 and this goes on for pages and pages and pages and pages I mean if you want to hear about chabbalesting priest all day we can do that, but I don't think so Not all day. I don't have prefer not to do that I mean I've got 7,000 more stories. I've got the story about court orders our stiocese to turn over father shandley's medical records, which we'll get to but you know enough is enough already It becomes like a magnificent obsession It becomes a ridiculous and guess what George people are positioned especially you Let's see it says here's one it says I guess I was a cultist because these are probably cult series northern exposure It was on there you read it through the one on the 50 best that you thought it was on it That's why I was possibly a little differently a sued cult thing Northern exposure, I don't see it on the second part could have possibly been in the if I don't think so I don't see no northern freaking exposure and the first list that you read it was on there no wait No wasn't This is gonna be sensational boys and girls this man is losing it See you had me talked to when I'm looking and I'm looking and I'm looking No it was no freaking northern exposure You really didn't even know southern exposure on here. It was definitely a niche thing Yeah niche I got your niche he also says the hitch hiker He said the hitter which is a movie would see Thomas Hall and Rucker Howard, but he means the hitchhiker the hitchhiker Which was a cable series and what about Colombo? I'm putting Colombo on there. What's wrong with that? Don't you agree he was something he was a character No and so somebody says soap and I think that'll get some votes to I'm Mark and I'm down Good one. Thank you very much sir two out of three in bed What about northern exposure 20 till 10 at 5 60 WQAM Calling on drag concept to do a miracle on your floor That's right. They'll do it for its brain time again, which means one thing It's time to eliminate your carpets of those dirt and germs and dust and the all kinds of horrible things That could deepen their the cos allergies to flare up It's time to call the best in the business my good friends at drag concepts Their technicians are schooled and certified by the Institute of Inspection Fading and Restoration In other words to make a long story short They know their crap they do a spectacular job And they always give your written guaranteed price before they start doing the work and by the time they get done your carpets look and smell and feel Just like brand new like you just had them laid on your floor, which is why I've been using them in my house for over 20 years You should be doing it too. Don't get fooled by those 599 specials Leave your carpet soap for two days and they wind up soaking you with a big bill at the end of the job Like I said a written guaranteed price before they start working with drag concepts and a superior unbelievable job each and every time you can depend on it So fit yourself in your carpets to a spring cleaning right now today in Broward call 9 5 4 3 7 0 77 78 9 5 4 3 7 0 77 78 in data Palm Beach column toll free 1 800 2 4 8 5 0 7 1 1 800 2 4 8 5 0 7 1 clean today entertainment night From complexity, christmas underway soon, us 4 20 or 5 60 men Oh my god, you're breath so beautiful She can't act, she can't sing, once again the duo. My sexy older sister, she can barely tell her she'll. Then you have no cold heart, he said she was the best. She thought he meant her singing, but he really meant her chest open. So if you're looking through a playboy magazine, you'll see my older sister on the pages. In between I'm just being told I'm real you got these happy and so my sister is the Santa Fold. I'm just being told my sister is the Santa Fold. She's my daughter. I'm just being told I'm real you got these happy and so my sister is the Santa Fold. You're so cute, I understand, it pays a lot to show you, that he said you've laughed your mind and I think bubbles just went blind. You're right, you're teetool, Janet too. They all think you ruined us. But I don't care what they all think. The toilet, you just moon us. Your body looks just like my own, but I would need to sort of come. Oh no, I can't deny it. Oh yeah, I think I'm gonna try all the back to go. And tell me to make up a mold, I'm going up here, Santa Fold. I'm just gonna be a Santa Fold, I'm just gonna fold. You want to be a Santa Fold? Yes, man, man, man, man, man, man, man, man. Oh no. Oh no. Oh yeah. Oh no. Oh no, hello, Dr. Gold. My car. Hey, that change. Yeah, he's feeling a change. I mean, 946 and 560, W. W. M. Here's the list. This is Murrayd would children the Brady bunch, Mr. Rayden the monsters, all of it says the monsters, the monsters. Any of those, any of those for you think? For the best? I don't think we're doing the worst, Dord. Yeah, for the best, for the top of the camera. I don't think so. They have a chance. Anyone of them? Murrayd would children, I would say, absolutely not. Brady bunch? Yeah. No. Mr. Rayden, there's something we can sync our teeth into. Hello. Don't sell him, sure. Mr. Red. Hello. I'm Mr. Rayden. Bracom. Oh, I've horses on horses of course. Of course, of course. And no one can talk to a horse. Of course, that is, of course. And the horse is the famous Mr. Rayden. Who is it? What was his name? I want to say Ellen all the, but of course he was in Manch. What was that silly guy's name? It was in Mr. Red. Well, but? No, no, I'm not talking about the undershown. It doesn't be either. Come on. Let's get with it here. Let's get something to know something before God damn cheese. So also on my list, let's be mission impossible. Milton Burrell, making you in the world to do that. How do you know that? Milton Burrell, I heard how he was a whining about this morning and you're right. You're right, Mo. Milton Burrell could absolutely. Should be in the top 10. He was like a pioneer. He was like, you know, I'm always the name of that show. It was called a Texaco. Something. But people would know by the Milton Burrell show. That's what we're putting on there. And how about Alfred Hitchcock? How about him? Alfred Hitchcock presents you. I think that was one of the top, I mean, I love you. Television? Oh my God. Alfred Hitchcock presents. And I dream of Jeannie? I liked it. Sacrifice is not to have that on there. And leave it to Beaver. I mean, it was no today's show, but it sure was more entertaining to you a lot of us. I'll tell you that. WQA, I'm hello. Hello? Yes, sir. A Monday night football or hard to sell. Yeah, okay. WQA, I do it, Neil. Okay, do you know who that was? That was one of the oldest cronics in the history of our market. Sir, I'm serious. And congratulations, I've got a couple of shows. Yes, sir. The free food is? Yeah. Mutual mobile, commercial? Oh yeah. That was not even the show. It was a wild kingdom. Wild kingdom with a lot of people. With Tony Perkins or some per what was it? My little Perkins. My little Perkins. Yeah. I like that show. And I mean, not the these are my favorites. You know, but I think that they're pretty good shows at the time when I'm in prison. Sorry, I want K-Pas. You say, come on. K-Pas. You say, I know you liked it. No, I like my advice. Okay, see. What a bad list he had. Hey, nobody's perfect. Tarzan, that's it. Was that a series? Oh, well, he, yes, it was a series. Oh, that he liked Tarzan better than my good close personal friend. What's his name? Rocky H. Iberia. Because he was a little more macho than Rocky, I guess. All Rocky said Steven Barra said that he never had a homosexual experience. He told us that right on the show. Let's drop a few names here. Okay. 567.0560. Pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. By the way, Eric, if you try to figure this out, I'll forget about it. You won't be able to do it. You got no chance because we're compiling. Okay, we're compiling later on. We'll get around to it. I'm going to get the Father-Pacset. You're going to facts one. The list. I'll write it down nice and neat and facts it to it. Well, see what we're going to do is we're going to take the top 17 from the TV Guide 50 as a week as they are. Some of them will take those and then we'll put in a whole bunch of hours. And then we'll take the survivors from that and then we'll, you know what I'm saying? I know what you're saying. I'm going to bring the next. I'm going to bring the next. Number 12 is tonight show starting Johnny Carson, which even will punk like you. I think I'm able to remember that. I remember Johnny. Here's Johnny. Even though there's a 10-year-old kid who stayed up late tonight to watch Johnny, not. So I hate to write the news to you, but the Jack Part Show was 100 times better in Johnny Carson ever would dream of being. But, you know, that's just one man's opinion. It happens to be true, but it's a 50 million times more entertaining. But that's just the way it goes, boys and girls. Goes to show a state of mind, comes for a lot. State of mind. Like the forge, for example. WQAM, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, hey, don't kneel. I'm doing great. Just a question about the show last night. Unfortunately, I didn't get to watch it. I really wanted to, but I forgot it was on. What network was it on? You mean the show about this? Yeah, the show about the shows. I didn't even know there was a show about it. I didn't see it. You didn't get to see it last night either. No, and the had the wild moths. You could be on. Come on, what? The wild and your favorite show that you ever seen. I know you love that show. Oh, the Jefferson's excellent. Excellent. That is the best show. The wild certainly in the top five of your and Damed T of that. Okay, well, at least you agree with that. And I can even give you one of the best lines in the show. It was no bill Cosby show, thank God. Oh, God. It's not, it's not. It's not Albert. It's better with bill Cosby. Right. You know, the great line. There was a great line in the Jefferson's one. Swords, where George was trying to explain to somebody how to go back and forth with comments. And he said to Florence, he said, you're cooking tastes like dog food. And Florence said, that's because I'm cooking for it. She'll wow. Ha ha ha ha. We have a movie. No, no. Oh, no. Oh, Julie. Excellent. Troy, sir. God bless you. That bless the bird. He loves the problems. In the sky. Oh, open all. Oh, no. Oh, no. Julie. Oh, no. We finally got a piece of the pie. Missed on Friday in the kitchen. I've been on the bird on the grill. Took that whole night of twirling. I just forget I've had you. Now we are in the big piece. Get knocked out there and let. Don't leave me. You and me, they'd break up the ball with ice. Forever moving on. Oh, no. To the sky. To the sky. To the sky. Oh, no. To the sky. Oh, no. To the sky. To the sky. To the sky. To the sky. If I need a piece of the pie. Oh, no. OK. Oh, excellent. Troy, sir. Could we forget that? I'm going to say only eight million shows here. But how could we forget that one? I feel bad. If I'm glad he called in. See, it's worth taking a call. That guy wasn't going to fax that in. This is one of those days when we need to be taking calls. And this ought to pass the file. At least for the time being those. The mouth contents who voted our report yesterday. Wait, let's see. How many we got? 18.6% no phone calls. What we got phone calls today. Including that first one. See, and that's what bothers me because it throws you off. You know, I set the stage where we're going to do. And the first call. Round of the box. And he has no way of knowing you just faxed me. That's story about the priest. Right. He has no way of knowing it. But nevertheless. What is that? You know, what kind of responses that to what I'm talking about? You see what I'm saying? I see what you're saying. Good. WQAM. Hello. Yes, sir. Neo. Yes. The name of the Milton Bullshall. I think was the Texico Star Theatre. That's correct. That's correct. Think the guy that played Mr. Ed was Alan Hale Jr. Was that his name? No. Alan Young. Alan Young. Right. The Milton Bullshall. The Milton Bullshall. Alan Hale Jr. Was the skipper on Gilligan's Island. There you go. You're out of your ass. You're not even taking a clock. And you're learning already on a very educational show. Thank you very much. You're in a great life. Alan Young is right. See? And I saw Alan all this. So I was half right. And he looked a little like Alan all the kind of torpey kind of annoying. Mach was number 25. That did please me. That it wasn't higher than that. I thought it would be like in the top five. And you'll notice now. How did it come? Let's take a quick look with the public. Because I don't remember here. Let's see. Mash. It wasn't doing that great with the public. But again, keep in mind. It looks to me like on this website. Well, it's a little bit of ananzas. He bans and fluffy and fluffy. The vampire slayer. To me, that's not like there's no connection there. So it's either a bunch of old farts and a bunch of punks. I think that's what it is both. All the old farts and a bunch of punks. Although, guess what? Punks don't read TV guide. No. So there was. There was a show online. No, there was no show. That's what he thinks you're talking about. To call or thought you got this from some TV show. Now, even though you said. From a pool, sir, in TV guide. In the, see, well, he don't read TV guide. He's got good taste. He likes the Jefferson's. And he doesn't like TV guide. Nice going. Sir all the way around. 9.57 at 5.60. WCM. The beast is losing weight almost 30 pounds already. How? And we know where he's lost it to. Some shows that can't figure out how he losing all that weight. But anyway, it's from a balance for life. That's why get yourself at a bathing suit shape for the summertime. You can do it in time for summer. I'll depending on how much weight you have to lose. With the weight loss, eat healthy gourmet meal delivery service from balance for life. If you're too busy eating right foods. If you're sick and tired of walking in the supermarket. And you have no idea what to buy. That's not going to keep you fat. Here's the answer for you. Balance for life because they take all the questions out of it. They bring your little black sack. By six and a morning every day. They bring it right to your door to your home. Do your work wherever you're going to be at six an a.m. And they deliver to you three hormonally balance gourmet meals. Two delicious snacks and even a sixty-nounce bottle water. And all this is based on the zone diet by Dr. Barry Sears, which is very complicated like a keep telling you. And it is. But they take the complication out because they do all the work in the figuring for you. The food is delicious and the weight just melts off your body. And there's plenty to keep you satisfied. All day long in your little black sack. They even let you choose between two alternatives for each meal each day that you're on a program. Everybody that I know who's tried balance for life is lost weight in their happy campers. So why not you do two? Get in shape for summer starting right now. Lose the weight the easy way the pounds melt right off called balance for life. 9.5.4. 5.6.8. 3.5. That's 9.5.4. 5.6.8. 3.5. 5.5. 5.5. 5.5. 5.5. 5.5. 5.5. 5.5. 5.5. 5.5. 5.5. 5.5. 5.5. 5.5. 5.5. 5.5. 6.5. 6.5. 5.5. 2.5. 5.5. Oh, right. It will embrace one's young favorite show. When you ain't seen nothing in it, cause this channel, we're really blue. Here comes Gain City. Pulling it and some guys just told all they free. Put push her and pull them by. Here comes Gain City. But I want to tell it be seen. You see more horses than most firefiles do. You see more bare butts than nothing while he's blue. If you're not all above and kiss your chance, to see a third of the baby show when nobody's wearing pants. Back to it. It comes Gain City. Pulling it and some guys, it's totally free. Pulling pushes pulls and buys. Here comes Gain City. But I want to tell it be seen. 10.0.2.5.60 W.M. Happy Tuesday. I'm not going to say anything more about Jimmy Carter than just read this short editorial from New York Post today, which I think says everything needs to be said. About Sadville Jimmy Carter suck out of the bearded one. It says poor Jimmy Carter forever truckling to foreign tyrants like Serbia's Malosevic, North Korea's Kim, and now Cuba's Castro. It's a hungry for Nobel Prize, St. Hood, where it's just attention he needs decades after his buffoonish presidency. Now it's true that without the backing of the Soviet Union, Castroism is no longer the Malignant threat of once was, either Latin Americans to build a U.S. And there may indeed be good reasons to reconsider America's embargo. However, it must not be forgotten that Castro's Cuba is still one of the planet's few remaining Stalinist regimes. It's still a totalitarian island jail where dissidents are imprisoned tortured and murdered, a place where much thousands of ordinary people risk their lives trying to escape. That's why any change in America's relationship with Cuba cannot be unilateral. The old dictator must make some serious concessions before the U.S. even thinks of softening its stance. It is not apparent that it isn't at all apparent that Carter understands this. On a contrary, so far he seems all too happy to allow himself to be used by Castro and his PR efforts to make Cuba look like a nice normal society unjustly bullied by the U.S. Unless the former president can overcome his has been susceptible to flattery and work up the courage to challenge Castro on behalf of the Cuban people and this trip will only be encouraging the brutal, brutal route to the continuing despair of the political prisoners who run in his dungeons. A Carter will keep his peace like the sad old man he has become. Oh great editor of the New York Post today. Very good. Yeah, excellent. Do I know how to pick him or what, huh? Indeed. Till my reading the old till my reading. Okay, get smart. All the way down to no top 50. I'm not saying I like it because I didn't. because I didn't, but you know, and my pillow, and you know what else might belong on here, what you're gonna laugh at me when I say this. Okay. Okay. The first time. I'm ready. Well, look, if, if Vananza, while it's only number 43 on their list, but if Vananza's leading the way into public voting so far, I'm the TV guy thing? Yes. That how about the Walton's? Why would I laugh? That was ever, it was huge. It was incredibly popular. It was a big show with the, and of course, there was John Boywood, a big Z. In fact, he was way ahead of Enrique with a big thing on his voice. Not a toolma. Right. The Walton's, I'm putting that on there, man, because it was a very, very big show. And it was the same genre as Vananza with all the respect a little Joe and Lauren Green and his dog food, you know, and pernell Roberts. And pernell Roberts, Reston, peace, boy, they're all dead. Dan Blockers, dead. They're all dead. I just, it just dawned on me. It just hit me right there. Lauren Green, pernell Roberts, Michael Andon, and Dan Blocker. They're all DED, dead. Maybe that's why I chose number one. Maybe it's like a, you know, sympathy vote. Huh? Well, let's see. If you watch this already on there, it's number 50 on a TV God list. Yeah, Dream of Genie, we got that and how do you do the show? And Mr. Red, are they serious about Mr. Red? Come on. How about soap? We just said that big Arne chronic facts, it says the show is way ahead of its time. Cutting edge humor about anything, everything. It's like we got it. We got it. Thanks, Arne. Do some work. So the Walton's, you agree with me on this could be a first folks. George, this will agree with me on something. I agree with things first. First, great editor of the New York Post today about the silly old man Jimmy Carter. And secondly about the Walton's. It had some a quaint appeal sort of a little house on the Prairie kind of appeal to it. The Walton. Oh, he said little house on a Prairie. Michael landed. It's not on here. Why not? That's another one of the huge. I'm just telling you, it's not on here. So I'm writing it down, little house on the freaking Prairie, okay? I almost said it. Little house on the freaking Prairie. And look, if we're going to put these on, or how about apples way? What? I sure liked apples way. I'd tell you that. How's Vince van Patten though? Oh, man. He's still batten and balls around. He was a tennis player, you know? Vince van Patten. And speaking of shows like that, how about eight isn't enough? Eight inches isn't enough with Vince van Patten. It was his name? Dick van Patten. I really hate it. No, that's right. Vince van Patten wasn't. And I sure was Willie Eams was on that chart. Right. Or was he on family? No, family was, um, his the characters name was Willie. I don't know what, oh yeah, that's right. I mixed those two shows up. I hated them both. And then next you're going to be doing seventh heaven. We're going to put that on there. Okay, just rely on, okay. Jessica Beals really cute. Yeah, and a two guys are cute on her two, but one's under age, but nevertheless. See, there's one thing I like. A message I like to point to all you priest out there and young people want to go to the seminary. There's nothing wrong. Just like when Brittany was 17, I'm sure she was really hot when she was 16. It's okay to look, okay? Just don't touch. You can look. You can Google. You can, ah, look at that. Someday it's going to be illegal, you know, but don't touch. Don't touch. Isn't that pretty simple? I understand it. Yeah, it's like knowing the difference between looking and maybe can I, can that be felt? You know, a little touch in a field. That's got to be like after you check the idea. Okay, that's just the way it works in our society. If you want to go to Thailand and whatever, go follow, follow the shanley. Okay, let's get some more for the list. I think this is going to work out. You know what? WQIM. Meal, you stole my thunder. They're a little bit, ah, not really thunder. I had a couple of eight of some not found my list and a little house. And you were serious? No, well, the thing is they were talking to the shows. I didn't like them, but my sister's always watched that crap. I hate it. But I am going to have to watch them. Another one. Well, they probably watched the cartridge family too in a broken blood. God, not that show. What about happy days? Oh, excellent. How can that not be on here? How can I, I'm so glad you mentioned that. I mean, you talk about some glaring omissions. And that's your husband's spin-offs from it too. Right. Not that they weren't good. Johnny loves Chachi. He hate all the knock and Scott Bayoman. Correct. Well, aren't surely. Lavernan's squirrely, even though I hated the like poison, it certainly belongs on here. You know, this is a crappy list, you know what? Yeah, it was pretty pathetic what they put on there. If you remember from police, Guadalupe, do you ever see those shows? With Leslie Mealson in Georgia Kennedy, it was what they got that, that the movies from the United Kingdom. They could go to the movies. They could go to the show. Johnny, never write for Lonnie about five weeks or something. Yeah, I didn't last real long. I know you hate Benny Hill, but that show was pretty funny. No, I don't hate Benny Hill. I don't think I ever watched it. But Steve Allen, you're right. That was a funny show. I'm putting Benny Hill on her because it was huge. Oh, thank you. Thank you. It was sure better than American family, which I have no idea what their light was. Are you, are you writing these down or what? Sort of. I want you to catch me up from where their list left off and your list picked up. Well, the last one on our list was the today show was number 17, which is pretty embarrassed out there. See what we're doing. Of course you're joining us in midstream, which you should be shot if you're doing that. I shouldn't say that. Is we're taking the 50 top list from the TV guide. And we're dividing that up in three parts, 17, 17 and 16. Okay. And then we're taking our own. You people are suggesting that George and I are putting on. I'm going to go put some on there too, but all he had was K-Possil USA. And then we're going to have a run off each day and we'll take the top 17 that's your five and we'll put it up against the bunch. See what I'm saying? I get it. Just a verify. Number seven is the late show with David Lugerman. Okay. How come we don't have to David Lugerman theme? I don't even know what his theme is. I don't either. Does Miguel, I can probably watch his act, right? I mean, that's your own. I don't know if it has a name. Except. I don't think of any. David Lugerman theme. No, I don't. Well, let's call up done part. I won't find out. And didn't he change it when he changed his show? I don't know. I don't see. I know this is going to sound tacky, but I don't watch David Lugerman. I have watched David Lugerman. I have the winter. I've seen him throw the pencil through window enough times. I've seen the stupid pet tricks. And I saw Dan Rather getting all choked up on there. You know, and that was enough for me. Don't play that thing. Okay. We don't want to be like. You know, be Smurgeon Dan Rather's image on CBS. When he choked up there and got all emotion on David Lugerman. I mean, broke all God. I'll choked up too, but nobody cared because you were about to go over the rest from 18 on. All right. Well, just relax. Don't get push. You've got plenty of time here. We got plenty of time. We got Joe Rose for the mad dog. Mad dog is on his way to Ireland. Let's hear it. Oh, right. Hey, so the first time he's ever going to be there. I heard him say that yesterday. Bring one of those rare moments when the audio feed was actually coming through here. They didn't shut the pot. What's wrong with some of the boardops that work in that place? You know, some of the boardops are like, wouldn't like that. But you know that. Anyway, Joe Rose at one, the Humper is on today. Originally, we had Joseph Gakki on his schedule. So this is all I'm on a wrong day of the week, aren't I? He's on. No, but he's doing a show at Flagler. What? Do we see? Yeah, Tuesday. Hank is at the Flagler between three and seven. And we got talking hardball with the crow from seven to eight, 30 an hour and a half of that. And hour and a half of that. Oh, my God. Then we got the baseball game. Your soft Florida team, which got their ass kicked last night. Pregame show at eight thirty game time and nine o'clock from Madenburg against the Rockies. And the big, uh-oh. The Zon for vacationing at a kid, the midnight till two in the morning, or at least after the baseball game. Sover. And the journey boys, Joe and Mark overnight, he'll be at the aduncernones tomorrow. We'll tell you where again later. Were there all over the place, aren't they? All over the place. All over the place. All over the place. Kind of like WQA and we're all over the place. But I tend to these last before weeks. It's been a real pleasure at QA. A mattress shop and can be a pleasure if you don't do what the stupid people don't be stupid. Just pick up the phone and call 1-800 mattress. Our good close personal friends at the Alamayatras. That's all you have to do. I have nothing but score and inderision for those idiots who still do it the old fashion way and they hop into car and they shop all around all over town. They waste a lot of time and guess. Especially when it's 100 degrees in the shade. You've got to be some kind of a moron to do something like that. We only have to do is make the one easy called Alamayatras. And you pick the great brand name at risk that you like. And the kind that you want extra firm extra soft whatever. Surt a silly Simmons King Corps of the top names in a business. They have them all. It's indeed a little price is to. And they deliver whenever it's convenient for you. Not for them. They show up anytime you want. Any two are window between noon and two one and three etc. And any day the week that you're going to be there seven days a week. And they give you that 30 day in home comfort. Try to check out and make sure this is the mattress for you and your back too. So what's not to like? Pick up the phone right now. You'll be sleeping in comfort tonight and for a long time to come. On Dalametras toll free it's 1-800 mattress 1-800-MATT-RES or check them out in that wicked world wide web. There's a Howard TV show. Howard TV and we do morning 69 on Sports Radio 5-60. I'm sure you're here. Wanna Lollipop little boy? It's the video to hot for TV. Freeze. Go on wild. Find out what these wild men of the club do when they lose their college. It's wild wild wild wild. See Francis can vigorously annoy their flock. Not a Dominican's fronicking in an after-hours bingo boiler. It's all on Freeze gone wild. Freeze gone wild is hot on them. As barely illegal seminary students, Barter Rosary deeds at Marty Grough. Don't delay. Order today. Freeze gone wild. Order now and we're seeing the bonus video. Seminary slots. There young. They're hot and they're sharing a skinny sauna. Operators are standing by. So order now. To order Freeze gone wild have your credit card hand and call 1-800-AltraBoard. They're not visible for children over 15. That's 17 at 5.60 WDQA. I'm so high-scroud to be in studio today instead of it flagged. A lot of scheduling difficulties these days. We got Joe Rose from and it's on his way to Ireland. And then we got Hank in the studio. Got all of that. Got it all. I'm straight now. I'm writing it all down. Here's Steve, who faxes and says how about the old Toronto show, kids in the hall, eh? I've heard the name, but I never saw that show. Do you ever see that show? I saw it was hit or missed. The film sketches that were hysterical and the rest were really flat. So as I watch the reruns all the time on a comedy channel, well I don't make sure. So thanks so much anyway. Steve and Golly. Let's see. StacyTV the best. I put it on my list. Don't you think? I love CTV. She was great even if only just for the parrying commos schizophrenie where he was seen on the desk. I can't keep that out of my mind. Orient like graphs had heard more about the shaved ice when he found a chunk of ice. Wait. There was one scoop, very calm. come on and like hooked up to oxygen and he's fine. Oh, we only know they got the mic and his face and he's anyway you had to be nailed it. Find it. Are you playing this again? Goes round. Also we says George Letterman followed Carson on NBC. Now why does he write that? Did you make him a state? I don't know. I knew that. Don't we know that he followed Carson? I didn't know the theme is all. Of course, Letterman and I don't know that. Okay, thank you. We knew that. We know it. Here's the fact that says it says you're out of order. I'm talking to that one scene. Like I said, the movie isn't much. It's very depressing. It's enough to make you jump out of a goddamn 20th story building. But that one scene with Al Pacino and the judges what does his name, or Jack Warden, plays the judge? And isn't there a scene early in the movie where the judges on the outside of the building? I can't. He's like a number. Yeah, he steps out the window and he's like a walk on the outside of the building. He does this like he's a basketball case. Everybody in that courtroom was a basketball case. And of course, somebody, somebody, the offense were basketball cases, but most of them are dead as it turns out. But anyway, you're out of order. This whole F and system is out of order. I love it. Great scene. It says there's only a few shows that matter to us all. And let me just say this about that because a lot of old fogeys and I used to say this to because it was popular to say because everybody else said it. And it was bullcrap. All those wonderful days before television. What do we do? We used to speak to each other and talk to each other. Families were communicating and it was so great. We'd sit around the radio. Yeah. Now I will say this. The old radio shows were great. In their time. You know, suspense and the burns and Alan show and Judy Kenova. And all the great old radio shows done smoke. Longing their William Conrad, lone Ranger, suspense, Superman with Bud Collier. They were great. But the idea, I mean, you know, I sit there front of my TV said in there, but my digital cable and like I told you that screen channel, which I eat your heart out. There's also another channel right next to that called the drive in classics. That's my favorite genre. Have you ever seen that? No. And they show all these real corny. That's why I saw that movie the other night. Electra over the weekend. Electra never heard of hot to you. It definitely liked it and I liked it. But really cornball, but funny stuff. Good and funny. And, but anyway, the screen channel is great. Poor and the sci-fi and stuff like that suspense. And I sit there front of the TV and I think to myself, what the hell would life be without television? Who now wants to sit around and talk to a bunch of stupid relatives anyway? Anyway, it says all in the family and then there's everything else. And you are absolutely correct, sir. And then he's got number two sign fell well. Nobody's perfect. Three honey moaners. And after all of that, he said it's a twilight zone. Whatever you say, sir, thank you very much. 560, 560, pound 560. And I'm going to tell you right now, or you want the rest of the ones on here. Well, let's take another call or two now. Well, then we'll give them to you. WQAM. Hello. You didn't hit it. Pick a line. Hit it. Get this. I hit it. WQAM. Hey, good morning. Yes, sir. Are you doing, man? I'm doing good. Good. I think the best show of all time was arcinating can. But I'm biased. But that's the longest running show in North America by the way. Don't tell Mo that because you don't know from hockey. So longest running show it is. You'll never figure that one out. But I think the way to one of the, wait, wait, what are the great things I enjoy is Leafs TV, which I'm going to be 40 subscribers up here. And, uh, at least to you, they got a lot of the old leave classics like last night. They showed it again. They beat Detroit 13 to nothing, which I loved. They would bill you. Uh, geez. Yeah, I think it's back. A lot of memories there. And I wish I had it. When I go back to Canada this summer, I'm picking up one of those, uh, uh, W, uh, dishes and bring back down to so forward here. So I can see some good hockey games that have been in cut and mode half the time. Um, eight. Let's know if you have any questions I would say, but, and uh, wagon train was a good one. Wagon train. Yep. I like wagon train with Ward. Um, and, uh, all that good stuff there, and, and of course, Andy Griffith and, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, the beaver. Uh-huh. But I like the, um, Glen Camel good time hour and the Tom Jones. Haha, Sonny and Cher. Oh, like all that crap. You're not from, uh, you're not from Cameloobs or medicine head by your chance, right? I don't know what from Toronto. Most John. Oh, I see. Because it sounds kind of like they're genre. You know, we'll be big in medicine head. Go back every year. Hey, Neil, your time with them, uh, Neil and Turtles here. Uh, that's good stuff. Do you like fishing chips? No. Yeah. Okay. How about a, uh, can't stand fish. Oh, no. Uh, she snelted. How about the Chinese? Give me a good Chinese restaurant. I know there's like three Chinatowns here, but give me a good Chinese restaurant. Oh, places China down last time. I was there. Yeah. Downtown, uh, right past the Royal York there. There's a, uh, big place to. Yeah. Hey, can you get a little, uh, mowen and, uh, you would on a radio there? Okay. I work on it for you. Nice buddy. Goldie, scowy. Oh, man. It's tonight. This is it. I'm like, I'm already taken volume. I already got cramps. Okay. Goldie, scowy. Maybe Matt Sunday and actually I'm making a appearance, but I doubt it. Hey, it says in a paper he just might it might be it could be, but it's not. I don't think so. Don't get your hopes up. Don't get carried away. Very vaults going to be back tonight. Underrated. Good. The scrappy player. We need your evalk. Even George knows that. Who? WQAM. Deal. Yes, sir. How you doing? I'm doing great. You want to mention cheers yet. Uh, I thought cheers is on their list. Yeah. Cheers number 18. All right. Well, I just hadn't heard it yet, but obviously the only show of all time is all in the family that's the only one that matters. It's like, like the fact just said it's all in the family and everything else. Uh, I even like, I even like, mod. Just in all from all in the family. So that's our crazy I am about that show. But it's only all in the family and there's everything else. So do you know what I got? You got your summer right on. Thank you, sir. He's got it all in the family. That was my vote. I probably shouldn't tip my head. What I voted for, but that's what I voted. And they say it's number 14. He guy, but you know what? TV guy? You can suck my ato. Okay. You can lick my fat fan. Is what you can do? Well, speaking of fan, you remember Florence Henderson? Yeah, what about I serve her on a biography. Never did I love Florence Henderson. And that's the first record I ever had with Florence Henderson was her in Walter Slaysack. I had the album, the theme of the soundtrack from Fanny, the musical. You know what year that was? 1554, 1954, I'm I old or what? 54, Walter Slaysack and Florence Henderson. Remember Walter Slaysack? Of course you don't. Big fat guy would must ask great character actor. Some day, I was thinking to do a pull on character actors, but you know what the problem is with that? Not a lot of people. Yeah, most people don't know the names. They know the faces. Like I mentioned Jack Warden who is an all and just as for all. And they've seen him in a many different things on movies and the TV, but they don't know what his name is. So it's kind of hard to do that. There's so many great character actors. Like Lee J. Cobb, he was an elite actor, but he was a great character actor. Right? On the waterfront, the exorcist. Answer the question, Father paranoia. It's not for my daughter. I lied. Remember that he was asking for the autographs for me? Of course you do. WQAM. How about Dallas and the Golden Girls? Dallas was an excellent choice, but the golden girls are you really serious? Buddy! Buddy, hilarious. Who's pretty good? Okay. By the way, are you were the fact that they hate each other? I just think they're alive. They live in South Florida. Oh, they hate in South Florida. Pop A ladies with my B. Go on a rap. Okay. Over the Rascal house. Okay. What's your name? B Arthur? Yeah. Honey, he should mention that because I just right then that same inquired that I had those great stories yesterday about Baba and his love child and the love sponge and the other stuff, Brubber Blake. There's a thing in there about how B Arthur snubbed Betty White. How they haven't spoken for years and Betty White went to a summer one man, one woman, and play that she's doing and she mentioned other people in the audience in Rumi clan and she snubbed Betty White and she went out of their crying. She went back to sleep with her pet dog or something like that. First she was married to Alan Ludden. Does anybody buy that? No. He was a Bill Calder told me about Alan Ludden. 1026 at 560 WQAM. Here's a simple question for you. If somebody offered to give you several thousand dollars over the next few years, would you accept it? Of course you'd take it. You'd say thank you. Or maybe you wouldn't even say thank you. Just give me the cash. It should be foolish not to. Which makes it really foolish to pass up the chance to refinance a biohama just 3.95%. Here's the deal. There's a fanty made program available at 3.95% for both refinancing and purchasing of homes. Now you think about it for a second. Just 3.95% sounds pretty amazing. I'd have to do his confidential group to see how this works. Call 1-800-940-5363. That's 1-800-940-5363 to be more specific. You can get a 100 grand with payments to just $475 a month or 200 grand with payments to $950 a month. You'll save yourself $1,000 and be downright stupid to pass up a chance like that. Do the math and do the smart thing get the details by calling financial group. Torfree-18940-Lind. That's 1-800-940-5363. The Renequal Housing Lender. Quatter restrictions apply and rates are subject to change. You A.F. 50 seconds remaining in the power by one nothing Toronto here in the first. A goal by Doug Gilmour who has the puck now on the right wing to head fake gets him into the zone. Into the corner it goes to Sunday in front of an atmurvey backhand doors. Larry Murphy is 1,000 point and the least come up the edges! They take it to nothing like. They shot his right in the head. Not she fogged,ws. got a way, not the red top will play. In the eye when one eye can see me dead He said it was a private man Just said it No, when the rope you can't have like your smile You did it It's number for red Hey, how about Baretta? No, I don't think so I don't think the timing is good for that right now Okay, we got some good list here Here's one of the Zidik fan bags show It's already on there unfortunately on the TV guide list We got the TV guide top 50 shows of all time According to a bunch of assholes of work for TV guide Who picked these names out of a hat Dik fan deck is number 13 And it makes me want to cry Flintstone says not on there. What do you say? I don't think so Rocky and Pullman kill he's got on his list That's on there too. Rocky and his friends 47 Mission impossible. That's on our list 60 minutes. Isn't that on there? 60 minutes? Yes it is It's number six Could be good thing they don't call it 70 minutes. It will be number seven Batman he says I don't see why not To the mouth will be Let's go A tomac batteries to power Charmines to speed Roger Ready low down See a lot of people would think why do you want to put Batman on Because you like ver warning was weren't all those tights with a banana And that's true that's definitely true But the fact is that Batman was a Definitely way ahead of its time Would I less stunts right? And the capals and everything it was cute It was a cutting edge kind of a show It was way ahead of its time Didn't last all that long About four or five scenes and I was the end of it for Every star wanted to be on there Either as the villain or at least as the person who popped out of the window Did you know that even Vincent Price was on there I forget the name of the character he played but he was on there for was a egghead And Virges Meredith and Caesar Romero and Frank Worschen And who played Catwoman? There were three Oh, there was a trick Virges Meredith Virges Meredith was the a the Mary weather The Mary weather and who was the other one Julie new mark Well very good Yeah, Virges Meredith I'll have to mount the penguin anyway Let's see he's got the 60 minutes is on there batman We're there will put Batman on there for fun Consumult number 40 on the TV guide list he says better than banana Well, but answer they've only got number 43 So they agree with you, but the public out there says bananas is the best show of all time Which I find to be obnoxious and you know something That ties in with what I'm a little bit slow folks. I've been under a lot of stress But that ties in with what I said the beginning the people who read TV guide are likely the ones who went to their website to vote on that crap Right other than the punks who probably got like a Daisy chain going to vote for buffy the vampire slave, which is what's number two That's gotta be that has to be one of those email things while the punks got together and said let's vote for that Don't you think It was a very popular show. I don't know that I was very popular, but I don't know if you can find looking young people on their feet stop killing them off in every episode But yeah, see that's the best like Friday the 13th it's like parts one through a hundred of them You know there's some wonderful people on there, but they just keep killing off the one the better they look the more quicker they're going to get killed Sky King oh that goes back away is what do you think that for a guy king the sky king Thunderbirds right What the thunderbirds oh by the way, have you seen the new thunderbird? Oh, yeah, it's cute actually sleek and I just as much as I detest forwards and I despise for the new T-birds a beautiful car the convertible, but anyway how do you do we put on there on our list? Which didn't make their list? I'm gonna say it again. This to me proves that TV guide is unamerican Who's that the scumbag that bought TV guide and turned it into a right wing rag who used to be a great liberal and turned it to a right wing what's up with his name? Don't know here talk somebody will facts it somebody will facts that intercolidine speaking of our list Yes, if I fall any further behind it won't be able to facts this right away. Well, can I just finish these couple of taxes? I got them then I'll get to it Maybe cook the frananali what do you say? Love that show and we played a little little thing from that the other day, but no and kept in kangaroo come on come on little rascals No, now leave it to beaver did we decide to put that on there sure it's on my list why not leave it in beaver Beverly Hillbillies Hawaii five. Oh, that's on air drag net and Batman are both on our list Okay, see that coming caught up now. What about Beverly Hillbillies you want that on that list? Yeah Well, let me make sure it's not on there list. Okay We said we don't want to do any duplicates because then we'll never hit the end of it from the audience right you screwed up Yeah, we screw up every day Beverly Hillbillies, okay I'll put it on there for all you y'all who's I thought any griffled with a pacify those bastards They were making fun of Hillbillies. It wasn't for okay. You got the top 17 shows you got some Emmy-coordinated TV guy Those are gonna be on our survey today Sign filled. I love loosely the honey moaners all in a family soprano 60 minutes later with David Letterman the Simpsons the Andy Griffith show Saturday night live the Mary Tatter Morse show and the tonight show with Johnny Carson dick van Dyke show Hill Street blues Ed Sullivan show the Carol Bernatio and today show which today is it like I said so in name Which today show are we talking about TV guide which one the one with Dave Giro way the one with Joe Dodgeola the one with terminally boring Matt Lauer Which one are we talking about anyway? Just another one of their mistakes like nightline. Okay. That's so that's the 17 you got that got it now. Here's what we've added so far. Steve Allen show Are you know you have these or not? I'm writing them down in short hand I thought you already had him. I'm writing down. I'm keeping track of what you said, but I want to make sure that we're on the same count Dragnet Okay Studio one Put the whole that it was like playhouse 90 was like a live drama like a great the live Show is every week. Okay, I'm the bus With all an aliciter cook that was a great show, but again, it was kind of like for intellectuals or you wouldn't know what was all about Perry Mason Hawaii five oh Howdy duty Before your time, but but I mean talk about pioneering talk about having enormous impact on the lives of millions and millions and millions of us Americans look what we turned in today. Well, like I said, it was not like good Mission impossible How could they leave that off? What kind of a guide damn communist bunch of crap is that they leave off mission impossible? Jesus Christ TV guys sucks The Larry Sanders show my ass and Rose and and about the heart show. It no machine impossible I'm gonna tell you right now that's a top 10 show Absolutely, there is no debate. I agree is there any debate about it? I loved it Yeah, that's a mention the theme Milton Burl Show, which was called the technical but nobody don't know what it is. So just put a real show You are absolutely correct, maw it's about time you got with some right anyway the Milton Burl Show Alfred Hitchcock presents Which the reason we have to say that is because he had like 85 different shows, but that was the classic one You know the original one. It was on for half hour very scary stuff man scary crap great shows always with the trick endings You know the surprise in And he'd come right on at the a very end and then try and try like to defuse the a grotesqueness of the ending by saying oh Well, you know, he didn't really die after all and everybody lived happily a raptor But it's Marocon is post like that smug look on his post like he just did something with to be headwind again Well, he was sure a dirty old man. He was pervert a ledge. Okay, let me do the break and then we'll come back and we'll get caught up And then we'll take some more and we'll kill a couple of days with his stuff. Okay, it's kind of it's a kind of stuff like I said heck melted yesterday Moal melted like like a cow this morning nice going and well why don't not us since we're the pull-exports on his show There's nothing else going on we got a few more child molesting priests Had another amtrak de-realment there in South Carolina they got a few I'm seeing that it's a few in injuries at the scene Do you understand what that means in other words like not at the scene if they were on a trains and it was a a train crash or something When you assume that the injuries would be at the scene Well, maybe the ambulance got an erect on the way to the hospital. I see Or maybe somebody from CNN got an erect which here we can only hope it's not one of our friends. Okay, which we do have a few like Susan candy I mean 20 to 11 at 560 WQM Joe Rose for the mad dog at one Hey summer time is already in South Florida. It's a hundred and forty two degrees in the shade It's gonna get hotter and more humid. It's gonna be one of the worst of all time But all you might as a product that'll make you feel your best and keep you in good health No matter how humid and insufferable it gets in South Florida because all you might as a soft yel capsule That lets you get all the benefits of the best olive oil that money can buy into your system along with vitamins and minerals And herbal supermodel health for all different parts of your body. There's one for your prostate One for your heart for your blood pressure for your cholesterol All you might also got supplements to promote helping your circulatory system your digestive and endocrine system your skin and bones even your mind Such as it is all using the benefits of pharmaceutical grade olive oil and don't forget how I would understand how you could forget Because we tell you this all the time all your meds got supplements for man and also for your ladies as well It's available all over town so pick some up today. You'll find it at Walgreens whole food markets tomorrow pharmacy and sedanos If you want to get more information before your bi-tis give me a call and they're toll free number that tell you what it's all about Call 1 866 Oliomad that's one 866 Oliomad or their products on their website Oliomad America And rocking you tonight from course field in Colorado Starts a 3 on sport when you're five 16 you weigh him It's day My guest tonight is the rare person who wouldn't have to change her name if she became a porn star Jewel is here. Where's the weirdest place you've ever had sex? I love sex really You This is the practice over the where do you fall? I mean are you good at it or Yeah, sure. I'm so good at it now. Can you show me? Not a you guys You're right No, you should have sex in as many places as possible Hey, how about that Carson daily? How what an asshole 1046 at 560 WCM? So what do we get down to and look at what's on his one of those you just facts me look at that? Oh, what am I least favorite choice? But what is not be tuned? Exciting You Always get that confused with the zip planes it played but that was fantasy island correct Would the evavillisiers see always like how come I always gravitate to it those shows with widgets like to me on passions Port any boy he's in deep crap Almost got he almost got spangled by a garden hose yesterday. Maybe you have a zombie charred it No, actually I don't like fantasy on that he didn't hervail of shoes He was about that that one thing those you play in Zimba. I mean that was cute, but that was like making fun of widgets, you know And that's supposed to make fun of widgets, sorry Not unless they're in the room with you. I see. Okay now what do we got mission and pot Milton Burrell how far you got through well for this guy presents yes I dream of jee Leave it to beaver Okay Columbo Okay, so don't drop it all right The Jefferson's I mean how I what kind of a goddamnless TV guide doesn't put the freaking Jefferson's on your list I think there's something subversive about that. I think we ought to have a congressional investigation about it I mean don't you find that bizarre? No, it's not as popular as we'd like to think You like it a lot. I like it most other people and it's loves it. Well, they're just agreeing with you No, they are not it was a very funny show in spite of what time check time check it all like it's to know it's got to be good. He likes cheese Cheese Yeah, we got your cheese over here at time rhymes with queers What's that? Oh, we got the it's different no speaking of queers it is enough Always like that Willie games. Oh, hey wait a minute. We're really putting that on there. He doesn't know Yeah, okay What was that show he was on with Scott Beill what the was name of that Charles and charge Charles and see George watch that show No, it's not on second of it. Yes, you did I didn't want you saw when we like did leave So that didn't watch 10 seconds of the open I actually fantasized about Willie Ems and Scott Beill like doing it But they were probably very head of research will button nevertheless Happy days speaking of Scott Beill happy days Hey did that show. I'm probably the only person in America just despise that show In fact, oh and Scott Beill. I never would have watched it in the first place everybody at a faunsy Henry Winchler Oh, it makes me want a puk and richy. Oh, what's his name? It's a big producing an hour record of what a Run-how what's his real name run-how it yeah running-how or Ron Howard. I'm sorry Excuse me Ron that's Mr Howard to you who is that guy that was on Ron now or his name on Apple's way that Another one that you can talk in about a show. I don't know You better get with it. Apple's a way happy days Leaver and Shirley Off-al-show. Shlameel. Slum-azle. Oh, I wonder if I have the theme to that which would make me just want a scream I'm sure you do you've played it before the theme from Leaver and Scorley What what kind of a show is that okay? Yetish for glam like I do I miss show this was like an action on network TV show and they're doing slum-y Llamazel on it Thank you God put me out of ice suffering Leaver and Shirley Benny Hill Okay, what about Benny Hill? Hey my favorite Beverly Hill Billies Okay, and that's only because you insisted that it be on there It was how many how many we got we got the 17 plus we got our out while you're I got 37 counting Beverly Hill Billy's I'm numbering them. Okay, so we can do like a few more here Well we got that I go down that you didn't okay Well we can we can expand the list but we don't have to put all of money today We're gonna have to go through like tomorrow and Thursday Batman S.C. TV the Walton's which again is shocking that it's not on there if banana can be on it What those wrong with John boy, huh? Is he like chop-liver plus he's still alive? Maybe that's what they don't like about it John boy is still alive Little house on a curry poor Michael Landon I can't stop thinking about that biography thing about Michael Landon. He was a good guy. You know, yes, he was a mech. He was a real man. That's right and Dallas What about how he digges I Said how do you do do do do I said how I know how he's how do you do he was right after Hawaii five right after that Oh, dude, I did right it done. Okay. Yeah cut the crap you better get with that mister We're gonna report you asked to the bridge tender So there's what we got on list so far. We'll cut up Because we're gonna need a whole bunch of because I'm not gonna do the thing with taking the calls the next two days also and kill a whole show with that Am I? No, I don't think so. What might take a few more? You know suggestions But that would be really pondress and Last thing we want to be on a show is freaking pondress WQA. I'm hello. Hey, Mr. New. How are you today? Pretty good. How you doing? Not too bad. Uh, there was a show last night. I may be see you about that about that 50 How do you like that never heard of it? Yep We write after dyna toopia My favorite of all time was in the name of the game or the name of the game I'm a bird vaguely yeah, I had like a dream fairy Was on it right right, you know things like that and then my favorite is a kid was romper room Yeah, and other than that you know you can also put ding-dong school on there with Francis Horowitz who still dead I never saw that one And I definitely and not gonna vote for Sherry Lewis and lamb chop good for you excellent all right Thank you. She still dead too. Sherry Lewis lamb chop still live. I think Sherry Lewis sleeps with the fishes would look a brassy and Frado Hey, maybe this weekend if you're gonna be looking for something you have a cone out fish and with Frado, huh? He's got his lucky. Where's that cat like charm? Rubs his rosary beats wasn't he robbing a rosary beats and doing hell Mary's while it were fishing It was doing a hell Mary was the magic formula to make right. He did that was just secret that's right He told what's his name. He told Anthony that's a much-me-catch of big what I do some hell Mary's out there didn't work Fredo Didn't work not as smart as you thought you were WQ I am good morning. Yes, sir good morning. How are you great? One show that I didn't see on there and I was disgusted by was the odd couple with Tony Randall and Jack Logba Yeah, that certainly beats the crap out of a lot unlike the Larry Sanders show Oh big time and I'm with you with the Jeffices. I mean I love that show as a kid. It was hilarious Everybody who saw that show except for Tom Jika was one of their favorite all-time shows what about Bonnie Miller did that make it? Why sure hope not Didn't didn't make it, but it's worth putting on our list you're right. I mean better than some other stuff that was on there Better than nightline Oh god, yeah, what about for kids shows that they have little ridiculous things like the banana splits and McGill and you'll realize no I can't well TV guys sucks anyway Amen well said Have a great day pal. Thank you God bless America Yeah, TV guide sucks. We know that but hey, they give us this something to sink our teeth in new all the shows now since there's nothing else going on Although we just got a priest and next priest I've got shots and CNN But that went on a you know it's funny how the websites of some of these organizations are very very slow CNN especially But all of them you know they have that APT minute by minute ticker I even went on near cuz I saw the thing about this ex priest. I've got shot on CNN He didn't get shot on CNN He got shot and CNN reported it get it straight injuries at the scene But I can't find out the score, but I'm sure somebody will have it somewhere and we'll you know, it's not a big deal I don't know if he got killed or what the deal was he was dark by the way. I thought I mentioned that Is that okay if I mention that or not you can mention Hey, the Jefferson's word dark and I like that. Let's hear it. What does that prove to you? Oh, here is one that how could we have left this one off the list? All of those shows somebody somebody needs to have been put in a rubber room whoever invented that whole series of shows The facts of life and what were the other ones? You know the one's talking about broke different strokes. That's it silver spoons right silver spoon Now which one was blacky on John Stamos? Oh Who's the boss who's the boss now? How come that's not on it? I think I'm not sure about that. I don't think we're wrong Different stroke know which was the one ahead What's his name? Let's go up the shakes Family type Michael J. Fox family ties oh family tie Yes, or he's got a really bad to his block. He was testifying before Congressy of it He can't even sit still and John I'm not making fun it's a terrible thing, you know, they'll be making fun of him in janirino Unless it's for a different reason, but boy, he's got a really bad. Oh, and here's another one Here's another one of the same genre that you're gonna get sick when you hear the theme song That's all I can handle one gate of time But on the other hand I think that belongs on there Good times you don't I just don't like jj I don't mind Sick I hated it then and I hated him. I didn't like the show, but I think good times it was it was just for the theme song a lot That was my all-time favorite show. I think what we did the TV themes. I love that And this gives us an excuse to come back and do it again You don't like good time. I don't care whether you like it or not. I'm putting it on the list. Okay. I already wrote it down for what it's good Good for you don't stay up playing butch boss with this crap because you're still you're still like in limbo man Oh beyond limbo that that thing can be brought back on a moment's notice what he means brought somebody back It's a lot of fart if somebody farts the wrong flavor. It's gonna be like well, you know, George's job is still in limbo, you know That scene from the godfather's uh comes to mind Exactly, you should get shot while trying to escape right? That's right by lightning. I'm gonna blame George Yeah, I'm trying Just like the old t-shirts we used to have says it's kneels fault on the back everything that ever happened bad And this really human race was listed on the back of the t-shirt. It's kneels fault that fill in the blank now. It's George's fault He had your fault if you don't get good shoes if you're not shopping at Brande's that's right when you shop for quality footwear Selection and professional service are mighty important which you always get but the bottom line is price and brandy's prices are Unbeatable that's why people keep coming back over and over again Papquaddy names like rock ports S.A.S. Spirits, Timberland, Naturalizer and lots more and with their big selection chances are you'll never hear anybody in the A floor say sorry we don't have that style in your size. They got it find out why most of Brande's customers not only keep coming back But usually by several pairs on each visit and maybe a couple of pineapples and a come-quad Brande's open daily 9 to 9 Sunday 10 to 5 you'll find Brande's shoes at 1290 North federal highway in Papeno Beach for price and selection and service They are unbeatable and don't forget this week only. It's the red label clearance sale at Brande's 30 to 60% off in the suck-group of favorite brands I think that's this week because when you deal with what's his name with the Troy you aren't really sure it anyway go in there and ask him what else going on You're good no a one-on-one interview with Aziraz Born Azir has this television show changed I mean how's it going this camera's all over the house every time I try to do something aside I look and whoa there's a lot in me face I'm in the bathroom right I'm trying to go you can't poop But there's a camera right in your face can you have you ever tried to poop with a camera in your I mean you can't do it you can't push because I can push my handle blow up I'm not in my head anyway How's the point every time I'm in there my wife Sharon comes in everybody's trying to talk to me I just want to be left alone Well, I can understand that just leave me the balloon has the foot the foys or stuff I mean every time I move on I have bunk making noise and cracking I mean I can't do anything Hamazi Osmo Oh, what is it Kelly? I'm doing Kelly shut the f**k up. I'm doing an interview. Why is it? I'm sad this off and yeah Well, what do you want me to do about a Kelly you want me to say something to him? Does he want to my panty drill? What? Why? He wants it in my panty drill I mean Kelly if you're brother or so away if Panties what am I supposed to do do you want me to tell him get to the I want me to tell him to not wait your panties Kelly You see what he did check He's crazy Jack wait a minute now. Don't wait your sister Wait a minute. Where's the dog? You where's the f**k dog again? He got out you know don't wait your Sisters panties if got You can't wait panties if you've got a What do you say as you when people say you are the new Where do you know I say I mean I don't even know what to say You're asking me questions. I've got my daughter Kelly Fitching and mown it about him brother. Where in a panty? So I mean what's the f**k big deal if you want so where panties I mean why can't you just get over it already? Did you ever want? Enough already me. I'm wearing panties right now. I'm wearing Kelly's panties She doesn't know will be right back I bet okay so was a part of our priest who was shot who had admitted to having sex with the boy and that's all I know because I went all on every damn website in history and I couldn't find it You see anything? I mean CNN's got it, but that's all I can see so far Water can more to come more to Kai a Judged yesterday ordered the arts dice is a Boston to immediately turn over psychiatric and medical records of retired priest and accused Child rapist Paul Shanley, federal father Shanley The records have been set by the family of Gregory Ford 24 was filed a civil lawsuit against the arts dice Shanley repeatedly raped him when he was a boy middle sex uh, superior court justice jane Janet L Sanders ruled the channel It already waived any rights to keep the records private we'll turn them over to the arts dice Shanley appeared anxious to convince the arts dice season the early 1990s That he should remain in California on extended medically but he turned over the records the judge said can't imagine why All these documents are clearly relevant to show the relationship between the arts dice isn't Shanley and the Defendants knowledge of Shanley's activities and a state of health Sanders ruled Rod Rick McLean should turn you for the forts that he was delighted with the rollings already Foss successfully for the release of 1600 pages of documents in Shanley's personnel file The court recognizes the enormous public interest in that the arts dice is simply trying every way to prevent the truth from coming out McLean said but it's coming in dribs and drives and even if it's by quamma god court order it will come out when it doubt Squirtch court will come out Shanley essential figure in the church's sex abuse scandals being held on $300,000 bail after pleading innocent to three charges He repeatedly raped another boy Donna Marisi a spokesman for the arts dice. He said she had No Come in me the comment very good. What a good guess A 5.2 omega to 2 earthquake are you from any of the world care where I'll quite the headline last night? Nope Really who had one on a west coast at a big one a 5.2 magnitude earthquake shook the San Francisco Bay Area Yes, they violently rattling hockey and baseball games and knocking out phone service in parts of San Jose You know the way the quick you'll do the compact cinnamon San Jose where the sharks are playing the Colorado Avalanche and a playoff game avalanche one by the way The upper stands of the minis shook strongly for about 10 seconds and life pictures continue to sway for several seconds afterward The game continued uninterrupted however. That's right the game must go on baby Everything was shaking said Michelle Gullay if I present a player personnel for the avalanche Who was sitting in the stadiums upper level you start thinking should I run or what I wasn't sure what to do we said no significant damage was reported The US geological service reported that the quick struck at 10 p.m. and at a preliminary magnitude of 5.2 Senator three miles southwest of Gilroy outside of San Jose of several aftershocks the biggest was a 2.5 Kind of like some numbers we're gonna be seen pretty soon a 2.5 HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA It felt like a sharp jolt to Danny Sharma managed you're at the roadway in in Gilroy He said the motel shirt violently and knocked off coffee pots and glasses off room counters It was the worst one I've ever felt Charm I said the whole building was shaking and it was just this rumbling sound it was a bad Quakey said Okay 560550560 on the AT&T on a give it little clue there is to one that I can't believe you haven't suggested already Especially since the Simpsons is number eight on the list. Yeah. South Park? Yeah. You're asking with a question mark. Why is that on the list? I don't know. I wanted to say it. Well, why didn't you say it? Well, we only got six more entries left over. What do you mean by that? And we have further future subsequent lists that we can get it on. No, you don't understand. See what we're doing is we're making a pool of other shows. Okay. And we'll make a total of 50. Don't you understand where we're going with this? Okay. So South Park is South Park. It's on there. And the people they're good. I just sent you a couple of facts. I think a couple of them say the Osborns. Well, that's why I just played that bit. I guess so. I guess the Osborns can be on her. I mean, if David Lebr would let them. I mean, there's no qualification in there about the current shows don't qualify because they've letterments on there. And 60 minutes is on there. They're both still current shows. Am I right about that? Last time I checked. Correct. What else? Are there any other current show? Well, it's not really important where they are now. But the fact that there are some doesn't the discolored by the Simpsons is on there. Ed Sullivan show. They still got him propped up. Okay. Here's the fact this is the Asls of TV Guide. Our ex-herald Putsis. Steve Sonsky and Steve Reddickliff. Oh, no. Oh, my God. Are you kidding me? Oh, my God. Wow. No wonder it's such a bogus list. It says, Rupert Murdoch. You don't TV Guide. No, that's not the name I'm looking for though. There was a guy who was the publisher of TV Guide. Who was a real piece of direct. He turned into a worse John. How did these days? I have a good question. Where is John? How did it? Super sales says this one. I don't think so. Too old. Too dated. Good show though. Funny show. Too old. And co-jack. Who loves you, baby? I'm George Alseino because he hates that genre of shows. He eats cop shows. But certainly if we get somebody. And what about Canon God, Dana? What about that? I think anybody who doesn't like to listen to Values' Aekha Munista, that could be wrong about that, but that's my own personal opinion. You know how I put it, you start to be, but that's am I feeling abandoned? You don't agree with the co-jack in Canon? Well, no. Too bad. Put them on there. Both of them, what do you mean just both of what's on the screen and how could we possibly leave off? How could we be in Miami and leave off? I'm running it. Got it? Got it. There, too, Miami cops with a hot dubie. There are the streets fighting crime. They pops at the hand of camp face there. Yeah, yeah, yeah. In hell and they'll face. We got a problem. The gregain is such a little trace. Lieutenant, in that group a senior citizens who went around trying to get the early bird special after seven. Yeah, they're back and down. Let's go get them. Yeah, stop it nothing. Clean up the streets. Hey, lady, you can't cross here. You'll have to cross in the line there. There's a term as we clean up the smuggling business. All right, sister, you're under arrest. Also, now you're arresting my wife, what's the charm? Session of powder. I'm going to first, uh, let's see that white stuff. Yeah, I just thought you got over 100 bags in here. Over. Sweet and low. And that restaurant just came out of. What's the second? Yeah, there are kids in my house on a hot movie. Here in Helladeo, guys. We're being disqualified on MBC. Somebody said this, right? It's on the morning Miller. It's on the list. It's on the morning Miller. It's on the list. Hey, did that show. But hey, it's not a list. A lot of people like to. This isn't a question of what Neger likes. What George likes? Well, Miguel likes. Besides, K. Pasa, you were saying, you know what's how silent he's been all day? Oh, he's got a pen and his mouth. He's sucking on it. No, chew it. Oh, here's the fact this is the wonder years. I wonder about that, you know? I wonder who wrote the book a lot. I don't think so. What, what the was the wonder years? Is that a little bit more than a genre of Fred Savage when he was a little kid? Oh, family. Oh, my God. No chance. No chance. Man, so close to lunchtime here to describe an echo. Growing pains. Didn't we just already discuss this growing pains? Growing pains? Growing pains. Wasn't that another one of that same genre? Yes, exactly. Like one day, one day at a time, and all that other kind of no chance. It was no idea. It was a one of the most family in that kind of stuff. What about family? I didn't like it with Willie. And what's his name? James Rodrick. Well, I'm pretty good on that thing. I was the fat woman of a Sarah. Sarah. What was your name? It played my. She was a great actress. You never know what I know. She was a great actress. Oh, geez. You don't know what I'm talking about? What did you not watch that show? I watched that show. I hated that kind of stuff. You weren't hung up on Willie like I was. No. Sarah knows how there was no hot babes on that show. And we not nobody Willie was going out. We're a lead. I think. No, not Sarah. Nobody doesn't like Sarah. Sarah Michelle Taylor. No. No. No. No. Hold on up to be their grandma. Okay. You never saw that show. So bug off. Hey, there's Miguel's contribution. He's still looking for Debbie does Dallas. And quite frankly, I don't blame him. 12 minutes after 11 at 5. 6. You can't wait for him. If you're looking for some hair. Here's the answer for him. I got a good buddy. Check out. You know, I'm wearing these headphones over one side. And the strange part of it is the side of my head that I'm not wearing it on. Yeah. That's the part that's bothering me. You know what I'm saying? Why would that be? I don't know. It's a very interesting thing. Anyway, maybe that's where my big bald spot is. Like all over the top of my head. If you guys out there are sure and with a big ugly bald spot. And they are ugly. Believe me. Of course with me, at least I'm consistent. But if you'd like to look better when younger call my good buddy Chuck Alphiary. He's appeared as a guest on Good Morning America. And the very famous today show according to TV guide. And Charlie's got the latest technology that provides sensational results for guys who want more here. And we look younger and better for amazing natural look. The natural hairline system is the best in the universe at any price. And speaking of price when you call Charlie Alphiary, imagine your Rogers and he'll not $200 off the regular price. It's mighty affordable. And it looks better than anything at any price you can get. So if you want holes in your head, go right ahead. If you want a dead musk right on your head, be my guest. But if you want to look better when younger like I said, then you have an accruing zage. Pick up that phone right now and call Charles Alphiary. There's no obligation. They'll give you a free consultation. And show you just how great they can make you look. 1-800-3-2-1-24-13. I can't wear this thing. It's killing my head. 1-800-3-1-24-13. Or log onto their website. From Mark Lake's TV, the original is underway in 7th. Us, which we do 5-60. Can we have? Anybody have a heart or a liver? It works the lotion in the basket. It starts up front. And if they know that, goes out the door and then way outside. There's me next to Qui-Gon-J, and the Bob of that. That's contract on a bed up with all of this. I'm surrounded by everyone's and how fatene, strange man dressed like Toma Dawa, not who queen it to seem like. So I wanted to avoid crying together with Jedi's and Highland Joy. Jumping up on his feet. Dr. Bakes, Rakes, the hokey on behind has a day to week. Star Wars Cravers holding on the lights. And if I'm not lying to the same thing like a year, I'm standing here, I'm moving in and pushing to the theater. And if you're not here, I'm here like a scene for the Twilight Zone. And if you're tack on the floor, I'm here to go. And it's gone, falling into the floor. We're at the end, but the damage doesn't matter. It's more too low, better close. We're at the end, but the damage doesn't matter. And if you're not here, I'm here like a year. Exactly. 1118 at 5.60 Qm. I'll tell you CNN must be way ahead of everybody else on that story. I can't find anything on it anywhere. I'm a father Maurice Blackwell. That's a guy's name. He's a black priest. Former priest to a shot and killed on the streets of Baltimore, who had admitted from a listing of boy. That's all we got so far. Also, once he can't hitchcock is going to be named today, as the new coach of the Philadelphia Flyers. There's number two. And number three, thank you whoever called it in. Walter Annemberg was the guy I was trying to think of. Who owned TV guy to one point, but I don't think that's anyways. He did. I hope Walter Annemberg. Boy, he had a guy turned in more real, right wing piece of turn. Used to be a great liberal many years ago, and then turned for the work took a turn for the worst. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. This is like trying to pick the five to the best. Have we talked about this many, many times trying to pick the best. Hundred movies and many times. I mean, how do you differentiate between number 98 and number 99? You see what I'm saying? I mean, when it's 50 TV shows, there are, I mean, I don't know. After you get past the top five, how do you really decide? Which, what deserves number six and what's number seven? Other than you say, oh, well, this was a little bit better than that one. Right? Isn't that about the only way you can do it? It's an excellent point. But then when you get down to like number 41 and 42, well, okay, well, for example, I got like, Buffy the Vampire Slayer 41 and Rowan and Martin's laugh in 42. That's laugh. I mean, that's laughable on the face of it. Is there any question that laughin was a better show than, Buffy the Vampire Slayer? I know that's a very popular show with, with punks and everything, but I mean, that's in, that's like a slap in a face. Even though Buffy the Vampire Slayer's number two on TV guides website, but it's got to be a rig deal. It's got to be bogus. And butanza, which is number one on there, they got it at number 43. So it's fun. It kills a lot of good time, but you can argue and you can argue and you can carry on and you can all whip up into a frenzy like we did because the Jefferson's wasn't on this list. Happy days wasn't on this list. Uncle, milty wasn't on the list. South parks, not on the list. They're freaking Osbord's aren't on there list. Like I said, they should only cloak a TV guide. Okay? Not that we take it personally. Not that we take it to serious, but to them. Okay? That's my sentiments. That's my best wishes for our good friends a TV guide. And now that we know that somebody exes going from the Harold are there and Jews as well, to them. That's probably what they get kicked out of the Harold. They found out they were Jewish. Just like Bob Ruben got relegated to a page. And in fact, I don't think even Howard Kleinberg's right next to stuff anymore. After all these years, they found out that Howard Kleinberg was Jewish. Well, they're a little slow over there at the Harold, you know? WDQAM. Ah, goody. WDQAM, hello. Hello? Yes, sir. Hey Neil, how you doing? First I'll... Great. Thank you for turning me on to farewell to God by Charles Temple Thin. It's a great book. It's a raise. And I have a couple suggestions. I don't know if you're on the list. But one was a long live show, Gunsmoke. And the other... Gunsmoke is number... Gunsmoke's number 40 on the TV guide list. Do you hear me? And twilight's own. Not on there. Can you believe that? Thanks Neil. Okay, thank you. He was shocked. He couldn't believe it. Do we have it on ours? At least? No, not yet. We don't have the freaking twilight's own on our list. Well, what's wrong with us? I'm going to have to start another page here because this is getting very confusing. Twilight's own. No question about it. I mean, are we lies it's no nightline, you know? Nightline. Number 23. Nightline. Although they... No twilight's own. I take it back. It's number 26 on their list. We don't have to put it on ours. It's on their list. Number 26. Okay. I like I said always like those people at TV guide. It's on there. 560505060 on the AT&T and Verizon line. My phone just rang you know what that means? What does that mean? I mean, my toners are here, right? My toning cartridge is for the Facts Machine. You know, there's temporary Facts Machine. That's only going to be here a short time to realize you want to show it to us. That's quite good right now. I'm very, very well. Yeah. So much noise that I can barely hear the noise. The temporary one for three months. See, I would bug clearance with that. But he's got so many other things to worry about. While we wait for stuff to come back, you know, from extended vacation. WQAM. Hello. Did I punch one up or not? Yeah, I did. There's nobody there. WQAM. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Yes. I'd like to just put it in the list. Roots. The series? In 1977 or 1976? Right. Wow. I mean, it drew huge ratings and got a lot of people thinking about, not just slavery, but about learning about their own family history. People have already. Yeah. But it was a mini series. We're going to put the thing here. It's a really great show of all time. I don't think you can really put a mini series on her, can you? Well, it's your list. You can do what you want. Then that's a good point. We'll take it under consider under advisement. Thank you very much. Thanks a lot. Alex, say they remember today. I interviewed him on KAT. There's another name dropping job. That's when he was alive. Does he dead? Alex, say I think he is. Yeah, he's dead. He was a good guy, Alex, certainly. Let's see. Family. Now, did we put family on there? Because you give me a big argument about that. And say the Thompson that was your name. It just came to me. Because I saw it out of the corner of my eye. And it didn't. Man, am I sneaky or what? Yeah, say the Thompson. What a genius. It's right there in front of you. So you're not full of us. You're not full of us. We know your feeble and old. And you got Alzheimer's. Okay. Well, it's a way. It goes. Got a big game tonight. Okay. We're under a lot of pressure here. And Toronto under a lot of stress. So just calm down. Everybody stay calm. Like we are. Okay. We're bringing Darlesit. We're back in the day. Calm like we are. Okay. We're bringing Darlesit. We're back in the morning. Just suit them up for the game. We did not. Maybe Matt's put family on there. Well, why not? I don't know. That was not good. It's not going to get any votes. No. You think? No. Joe votes. Craig votes. If we talk about it enough. Well, see if you see you start that now. So now we can't put it on there. Shmuck. I think Mo had a point about you. You know what I think he had you fingered. Let's see. Here's one. If you show us that may or may not be considered by TV guide for the. Let's see. Hawaii five. Oh, we got it. Honeymooners is on there. Honeymooners is. It's actually probably read that whole list again. But that that'd be boring. Honeymooners is number three on the TV guide list. Barnaby bones. Hey, Barnaby Jones always gets his man is what I hear. And it's not on there. Come on. Just the old time. Say. Huh? Just for all time. Say, which would give me an excuse to play the theme again. Then I just that I love that everybody else hates. I don't know why. Oh, yeah. Man. Look at this. You're going to stop it. I feel lost back again now. That was time. But how's he doing? Go lost. You know who I wonder. He's still alive. Remember Dick Fennel on channel 4. Maybe that's before you came here. Must be. I don't know who that is. On original channel 4. Bob Weaver and Dick Fennel were the weatherman when Ralph Redneck was doing the news on channel 4. The original one. Okay. You know Bob Weaver. Of course. My good close personal friend Bob Weaver who's ballooned up a little bit but haven't we all. But Dick Fennel. He in fact he used to do a lot of production for channel 4. He was kind of like the voice of channel 4. Like Bill Ross was a channel 7. Please don't tell me that Dick Fennel has gone the name to see it after him. And they also because he was a weather guy. We all made you around as the name of a cloud after him. Have you ever seen when we have tornadoes in the area those Fennel clouds? Was that where that comes from? Yes. Dick Fennel. You don't have no idea who that is? Nope. Well somebody will inform us whether he's still dead or alive. Dick Fennel. Good guy. Who is pretty good? Okay. The honey moaners is on there. Barnaby boons. So where are we decide about that? Green acres. Nope. Then when we help all these people out there. Oh it says new we love you. Showed tell George the hang in there. He doesn't like that term hang these days. He don't mind being hungry. He doesn't like that term hang. Not a good word to use. Not a good choice of words but thank you. 26 after 11 at 5. 60 WQM Tom Lamin loves Neil Rogers. Listeners. He loves George. That's why he's created the Neil Deal and Hal at Pontiac. Say big bucks on all Pontiacs and GMC's in stock. Right now as I speak. All you have to do is tell Tom and gang down there at Hal at the end. And then you have to do it. Now as I speak all you have to do is tell Tom and gang down there at Hal at that. That you heard this spot right here on the world famous Neil Rogers show. Stop by Hal at Pontiac GMC at 134.01. That's on US one right across from the falls where they've been doing it right for over 35 years. And that same great location right now every vehicle on a lot is marked with the lowest price in the world. But if you mentioned Neil Rogers deal, you'll save even more. Which means it isn't really the lowest yet until they mention my name. Check out the complete line of GMC SUVs and completely envoy. Boated by motor trend is the SUV of the year and take a peek at that brand new all. What did I just say all new VMS UV I thought that's what I said. Vibes got the power of a sports car at a fraction of the price. Hal it's also got a great selection of pre-owned cars production SUVs too. And if you've been during a turn down for quite a buy some goof. Oh you know what they said in all and just as for all. No what when a judge was telling the guy that the diabetes has nothing to do with compulsive swearing. He said the judge Jack Ward says I never heard of that before and he said that's because you were a douchebag. Remember that line? Yes. And if you've been turned down for quite a buy some douchebag dealership, no problem and how they'll get you to deal somehow. So get a Neil Rogers deal right now at Hal it potty at GMC 134 on South Tixie Highway. On US one across from the falls open every day seven days a week or give McCall and ask him what it's all about. Call 305 238 4040 that's 305 238 4040 and Hal it potty at GMC where they definitely. Who won seven? Call Ma. Hey, Koko Bridge! We days have free on Sports Radio 560. You A-M. W-Q-A-A-M. Go fuck yourself. How is it pretty happy kid? I suppose it was 1978 when I first saw him. Darth Vader. I became a sad star. I started breathing happy. I took voice lessons. I did evil things, didn't listen people. And I couldn't quit. I knew I needed help so I called Darth Vader on a misfit. And they were able to help me. I took off the plastic helmet thing and the big cape. And I started to be a normal person. I talked to my normal voice. I didn't breathe heavily anymore. I stopped hurting people. If you're obsessed with the dark side, you lose heart. Call Darth Vader on a misfit. Call one. Eight in eight. The light. Rectom. It's 1132 at 560 W-Q-A-M. Join us on the dark side folks. That's what we are. We're the dark side of your radio. Anyway, Neil's favorite. How could I have forgotten about Blossom? How could you? And what was his name? His name? Her boyfriend. Don't you remember we went through that whole business? I was obsessed with Blossom's boyfriend. Well, how quick you forget? I never bought my voice. I never bought my voice. Blossom. She was a grotesque man. She was eugly. She was nasty looking. So lay moon fry. And also punky Bruce. I know that was pretty Bruce. I'm sorry. I always got those confused. Yeah. Well, punky Bruce does on his face. I don't think we're going to put either of mine here, but maybe somebody remembers his name. His name was David Sumpham. Oh, and you know what? He was in that movie about the sailboat, the big sailboat, white Sumpham or other. White, scorch, scorch, scorch. I think he was called white. You know what I'm talking about? That might have been a white. I remember somebody sent me the video. And it was very disappointing. Very disappointing because in a movie he was like a naked, most of the were pretty close to it. And he was like a little scrawny boy, which I'm not in little boys. I leave them for the priest. But he was very disappointing. David, whatever his name was. And it was not David Charles V. Okay. Give me a break. Here's a suggestion. How about him? Here we come. Oh, come this way. Get on his last one. Everyone lay me. I'm on the air. I'm on the air. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. I'm on the air. I think we say we won't be around. So he's got that. That old day's got a muscle in on everything. You know what? Monkeys has got to be honored. It wasn't. It was a very innovative, very avant-garde, very, uh, huh? It was cute. No, seriously, it was a very innovative show. And when NBC did their 75th anniversary, we could go yesterday. They were Sunday, whatever the hell was. They did a lot of stuff on that for like at least 30 seconds. And David Jones was on a show, boy. Oh, you think you think you've seen people that look bad. Oh, wow. He makes news. Another show is from time to time. Somebody touched that child with a eugly stick that just, uh, terminal. Not that he ever looked all like good in the first place. But compared to the other guys. By the way, sorry. Oh, yes. Joey Lawrence. Is that who you're talking about? That's one. No. No, Joey Lawrence was not in blossom, was he? Yeah. Oh, yeah. He, yeah. He was the brother, I think. Wasn't he? Donny Russo, whoever that is. Ted. No, no, no, no, no, no, who? Ted was. No. Wait, Nick. Joey, no, you're looking in the book. He's online. I'm online. I'm blossoming. You haven't found her boyfriend's name yet? Joey. Joey. Joey Lawrence played her brother. Brother. Yeah. Okay. Right. Come on. Let's hear it. He's looking. I can go down the list. I lean brim and Richard Massour. Yeah. I think he was I lean brinning. Very young fella. No. Was it different young fella? No. He's not listed. Well, I'll be just kick right in the old fat ass. You know what? That's, uh, but we'll find out. Before the day is out, did we decide to put the monkeys down or not? Yes, we did. I got it down there now, man. That's number 50. Get with it. The freaking monkey. I heard them hockin' a Chinese this morning on a mo show about the American Bands stand ought to be on there. I don't agree with that. I mean, it was a very big show and it was very popular and it was on for a hundred years. But if, if, if, if, if you think that that's one of the top 50 shows of all time, no. But you see now you're just being a prick. Well, so I don't have the seam from it anyway. See, there goes George again. Just being argumentative just because most of the American Bands stand. Now, we don't agree with that. We agree with Milton Burrell, wholeheartedly. But American Bands stand, no. Now, did somebody, did we already put it on there? Did somebody mention this, I think so. You got it. It's on there. Number 42. Or 42 on the, uh, Jeff. Keep it got there. No, an already. What do you mean on ours? We threw that on there. I remember it was your, your numbering mission. Just don't start showing numbers. You're numbers, which I, you know, you never thought my numbers. It's on there. You know, it's on there. Well, I just wanted to chance to play. It seems to me like we just got through it doing this like five minutes ago. I don't know, but hey, it's timely now. There was a show on last night. And like I said, Hank and Mo, they, they milked the whole, uh, they, they milked his for all. It's worth them. Why the hell not us? Huh? It's like a free pass. It's like a free day. Which we could use a free day. Although I do have this story, which you might be interested in. I'm sure that McGill will be sitting up for a erect and a seat when he hears this. Alien case figure S. Ascrop to investigate the INS. All right. One of the central figures in the Alien Gonzalez case is asking US attorney general John Ascrop to investigate whether high ranking INS officials ordered internal documents on the case destroyed. Armando Gutierrez obnoxious disgusting fat, pud-wacker, a goofball. Armando Gutierrez former spokesman for Aliens Miami relatives submitted his request to letter address to Ascrop to a local US attorney's office yesterday. Gutierrez wants Ascrop to investigate whether Doris Meizner, chief of the INS during the Cuban voice custody battle, ordered the destruction of case documents. In other words, he just doesn't want to let it go. He's hanging on for dear life. Let it go, uh, Armando goofball. A copy of an internal INS email memo on the Alien case made public last month contains a handwritten note by the memo's author. INS attorney Rebecca Sanchez Rouig, saying that Meizner would order all other copies of the memo to be destroyed. It also said Meizner ordered that no more discussions related to Aliens case be put in writing. Good go and Doris, nice to scut thought. The copy of the memo was released by a judicial watch that right wing of noxious fascist Washington based conservative watchdog group. The copy surface in the civil service hearing on an INS special agent is made claims of anti-cuban American bias at the INS headquarters in Miami. Right. Meizner said she doesn't be call ordering a specific document destroyed by a acknowledged policy that no notes be taken or memos disseminated about the voice case because of the sensitivity of the issue. Messages left with the justice department of the office of Inspector General, which Gutierrez also copy and letter were not immediately cured on Monday. And then it could go around in every story. Nobody's calling nobody except us their call us because they got a lot of good suggestions. WDQAM hello. Yes sir. How are you doing? George made a big mistake in one of the shows this morning. Uh-oh. He called the defenders he was thinking of the Avengers. We already got that. We got him straight now. Oh sorry about that. One of the thing, how come you can't keep attacking moke because he deserves to be attacked? Well, we're supposed to be having a true snow because he can't handle it. That's all. He answered your question. Don't you think we can. Correct. It's amazing. Yeah. He can't take. Go ahead. Go ahead. I was going to say he never would say you could predict an advance what he's going to say on any issue. Yeah. He would never take your controversial stand. He has to get along with everybody. I wish you could attack him all the time. Okay. I'll start tomorrow. Now we got a little truest going on now because he got a little bit carried away. That one day would hold it in the head stuff and we just decided that you know everybody's getting a little bit emotional there. We wanted to keep George's job which keeps to get in the throne back in my face. So you know trying to keep George in, you know, everybody in line trying to make trying to beat. Because what do who said it? Blessed are the beloved are the peacemakers. Somebody said it. I think Jesus. No, no, who said that in one of those movies were always quote. Blessed are the peacemakers. Oh, what's his name? Hi, man. Rozza. Did he? Oh. I don't remember that one. And Godfather 3 when they were having the meeting in Sicilia there toward the end. I'm trying to block that movie. Rozza and Hi, man. Rozza was what's his name? The other old guy who said the blessed are the peacemakers. When he introduced Andy Garcia to Tomas Locaisy before they killed him in the eyeglasses. One of the bodyguards, maybe? No. The old who the hell played the role in there? The Eli Wallick. Oh, before he ate the canolees at the opera. Yeah, don't. Blessed are the peacemakers. Don't be ridiculous. Your mind is just, you know, it's going from the last time. Godfather 3, well you better get with him Mr. You've got a lot of you in just the go before you catch up with what you should be watching. It was not horrible. You just, you guys didn't like it because it was on your Catholic brainwashing. Would you claim to be a, no, you just put it on your left about it. What are you talking about? Yeah, look Catholic bashing. Well, you sure do. You bet I'm going to call the Catholic league about you next. You think you got mole on your back way to lay went till William Donney who were whatever's name. You know, Phil Donney gets on your back. 19 to in fact, you'll be like George Michael. You'll be running around with that same monkey on your back. 19 to noon is 560 WQM. Here's a simple question for you. If somebody offered to give you several thousand dollars over the next few years, would you accept it? It will be stupid not to do it. Which makes it really stupid to pass up a chance to refinance a by home. And just 3.95%. Here's the deal. There's a fanty may program out there 3.95% for both refinancing and purchasing of homes. Think about it just 3.95% and all you got to do is confidential group at 1-800-9405363. 1-800-9405363 to be more specific. You can get yourself 100 grand with payment to just 475 bucks a month or borrow 200 grand with payments of only $950 a month. You'll save yourself a Schmittloader cash. It'd be done right stupid to pass up a chance like that. So do the math and then do the smart thing. Get the details by calling financial group with absolutely no obligation. They'll answer your questions exactly how this works. Call 1-800-940-940-9405363 equal housing lender. Credit restrictions do apply and rates are subject to. I'm Motorola. Candid Catholics, G9, sweet banks and tad on SportsReel 560. QAM. Man confesses the shooting priest who molested him. That's their show on CNN right now. It was in Robinson controversy. He had admitted to having a homosexual affair with a teenage boy. Some years ago, it was removed from the church that he was leaving. So once again, Baltimore police are saying that a 26-year-old man has come forward and confessed to the best of shooting that priest father Maurice Blackwell in Baltimore. How do you like that? She and Anne's on top of me. It's Howard. Howard David. Oh, possibly with my aviage part. They changed the name to Alien Art. The exploitation is out. Down to a fine art. That's where the fuck's out. I get this exiled on laser away. Until you see the blue in the cave. And giant water right where you grab a june where a raft. That's if you blow up in and up to what the fuck does she sound. Back up to the fuel will fall. Underwater and drown in back around. To a corrupt filetown. The ins and the biggest party ever seen. Down people make your all the toilets are clean. Those scientists ought to grab like a big shock media saw. And then the party or a car. It's all about how important you feel with the rest of the country. Things that's no big deal for a thousand people. Start down to Alien Art. There's an in fear from the road coast. And rock and music by Los Bands. And politicians, friends, bands. Ain't been there, they're bands. On the reclombies, black. At least the rod is when they're probably playing. That human's way by aviage. But it is too big. That's for me, toilet that sucks. They now call alien art. The home would yell on the street. Oh, alien art. Oh, great boy. Oh, alien art. Oh, alien art. Oh, alien art. Oh, alien art. Oh, alien art. Oh, alien art. Oh, alien art. Oh, alien art. Oh, alien art. Oh, alien art. Oh, alien art. Oh, alien art. Okay, I don't like the rest of this I'm killing it. I can't stand it. Last part where they're right. And then you know that stuff that the Boker Brian was doing there when he became obsessed. Yes. No one I'm talking about. I know what you're talking about. The part where they go. Coca-Cola. Like that. Anyway, it's not only was that judge sitting on a ledge that's, uh, uh, what's his name? The character record that I mentioned before. 100 times now. I think of his name sitting on ledge at the building where he was lunch. He also takes Petune. That's why that's why Tara tune in. I was like, they weren't a helicopter ride and the helicopter, uh, didn't quite make it. And goes past the fail safe limit with regard to the amount of fuel he has to get back and a landing leg. That's just why I turned it on and came in the middle of the scene. So to speak. The best scene was when the same judge during the trial was in the bathroom Stover. Oh, yeah. I did see that. What was your. With a shotgun and it is mild. Somebody comes in and disrupts him and he comes out choking because he has the barrel half halfway down his throat. You had to be there, okay. You know that scene. I remember it. That's the way I'm right. All right. Ha ha ha ha. Oh, God. He's sitting on the can. He's got this shotgun halfway down his throat. What the message in the movie is the legal system is a little bit screwed up because the message that they're trying to convey. Uh-huh. Yeah. Oh, God. I almost forgot about that. Oh, no. Oh, I got some bad news from our facts machine. He died. Last I heard Dick Fennel passed and died to one of the good guys. Oh, this is a book of Brian. Why just attacked. Also dead. Del Frank and Prescott Robinson. Remember Del Frank used to be on channel 4 news. He was a great newsman. In fact, it seems to me I once had him on a show. Del Frank. He was an outstanding newsman on W. He was a very serious news ahead of him. I believe once upon a time. God, he was good. And Prescott Robinson, of course, used to work at W. News as well as what our main news anchor, him and Steve Daley. And Tom Schaffer. You know what? About Tom Schaffer? He's also dead. Well, I sure a lot of dead news people running around. You know what? On the loose? So thanks for the bad news about Dick Fennel, Book of Brian. You are depressing. Man, at least consistent, though, but very depressing. Here's a fact from Ira who wants to know is Twilight Zone on the list. It's number 26 on the TV a guide list. He says it should be on there and you are right. You are correct. How about outer limits? Why is that not on there? I give up. Why is I'm not saying don't put it on the list, but that was pretty damn good. Some pretty heavy duty stuff. By the way, I'm very, a lasting stuff that's still pretty interesting. Anyway, here's speaking of interesting. Another one of these. Poresners in the city of Sto O'Hiole learned that their pre-design administrative leave. The reason? A past allegation of sexual involvement with the minor news channel five reported. I'm assuming that's like Cleveland or somewhere. It's hard for parishners and holy family parish to talk about it. The whole thing is just it flabbergasted me. I can't imagine a priest that you trust doing anything to children. Surely Skull of Icon said. Reverend Joe Lieberth, 60, passed through the Holy Family parish, is accused of past allegations of sexual abuse of a minor. Holy Family is the second largest parish in Summit County. I don't know where that is. Anybody know about O'Hiole? Nope. Because I think Cleveland's Kyohoga County. I don't know where Summer County is. About 3000 families come to pray in more than 700 children attend school at the parish. W.E.W.S. reported. Where was that is? Somewhere in O'Hiole. Ask manager. That's where he's on the way to Ireland. Ask him. He's the O'Hiole boy. CNN would still can't get it on their website about this a priest Maurice Blackwell that just got shot. But one of his former molesties. But they do get this on their website. Jimmy Kimmelands, late night slot at ABC. Let's hear it. And you want to know why? Because that means that Bill Mar and the politically correct. Yeah. Politically incorrect is off the air. Good. ABC because he's an asshole. And it's a terrible, terrible show. The whole concept of that show. You know what it is? The concept of that show? I've one word for it. Yeah. Stupid. ABC is in Comic Jimmy Kimmel the man showed a host a new post-night line late night talker. Effectively killing the Bill Mar hosted politically incorrect varieties reporting today. Friday magazine says it's got to be true. The half hour show will bow in January with most likely in conjunction with ABC's broadcast of the Super Bowl. Kimmel be on hand Wednesday when ABC unveils its new line advertisers in New York. Nightline anchor Ted Coples also expected to appear on stage at New Amsterdam theater as ABC execs attempt to put behind them. The controversy that erupted from the network's failed effort to replace the veteran newsman would see the main stage David Letterman. Details of Kimmel's yet untitled talker are still sketchy that what's expected to be heavy on comedy with some celebrity guests. Jack Hole Industries. That's the name of it. How do you like I'm a surprise they don't call a Jack Ball Industries. Jack Hole Industries which is probably a close cousin of asshole industries. They production banner Kimmel runs with on man show co-host Adam Corolla and Daniel Kellison will likely be involved. Do you understand what that just said? I don't understand it. Kimmel's hiring by ABC will mark the end of the man show the testosterone so comedy sent for laugh hour that he host. It will continue to air original episodes for several more months with Kimmel completing production on his final cycle of 24 episodes and it goes on at great line. By the way, we watch it anyway. Who the hell stays up to one o'clock at a morning while I watch some stupid as TV show right? Tom the ox co-cads. David Lashers the name you're looking for. Thank you Miguel. I just had a pain in my groin. The problem with David Lashers was he like he just he like you know he evolved to a certain point and he just like kind of like Robbie Benson you know he's his development was like frozen in time it was like stilted. Do you know what I'm saying? Yes. And he never changed the name or matured beyond that. He never got like any flesh on his bones and became like a you know a fine young man like what's his name. I don't equal what tells his name. They played the godfather thing later on on a mafia thing on CBS. Jason get Rick. You better catch up with this because you're not on top of a man while I was thinking Luke got the junior but I'm sure that's not who you were thinking up. Was he that was that this part that I wasn't a guy that you're not going to go that that was a chapy that's right. Chappy. And I understand that Jason get Rick was a little chapy after that movie was filmed but that's another story for another day boys and girls how come we never saw him naked. Bad move Jason bad move. I already had this story much longer and more I guess not longer since you've asked me a hundred pages of this. The child molestation case against now wobby and leader now what is new wobby and I won't get to that what it is. Uh, new wobby and leader Dwight York escalated the estate in state and federal court in Eatonton. Well that's like an Atlanta somewhere. In Eaton they put him county grand jury issued a hundred sixteen counted diamond of the 56 year old leader of the United now wobby and nation of morrs a quince hour religious group was hundred fifty to two hundred members live in a rural compound that features huge pyramids and a large gate covered with higher glyphics. York was charged with seventy four counts of child molestation 29 counts of aggravated child molestation and related charges including one count of rape. Oh, in making FBI agent testified at a bond hearing industry court that authorities have identified as many as 35 victims whose age at the time of the alleged crimes range from four to 18. Now they're good religious guy manning now wobbians. Huh? Why they relate to the wasobians I think so. Okay, here's some more lists. These people are probably getting pretty impatient. That's okay. We got an hour to go just relax. Now how are we going to do this when it comes to be at the end of the hour in the next hour? I don't know. I'll fax it. You're faxed to Eric right? And then but I'm talking about compiling list. You got those seventeen. Each of the three days will take seventeen or seventeen seventeen and sixteen last day to make fifty. We can't make fifty divisible by three even though we would like to. And then we'll put on a bunch of our own on there and we'll put them off and we'll have a run off. So we have another week which since we have fifty already, you want me to just send this to him now. Yeah, let's cut it off right now. We'll do a positive people on the phones that I can take this stupid thing off my head. I'm going to have to get some of those real lightweight sinhizer's you know the ones I'm talking about. I got some cheap lightweight ones that work just great. It's a piece of the thing is just killing me. I do not go for the headphones but I read it can't hear you are to call us all that well but quite frankly who wants you anyway. Now, sure stuff just have to take that off. I can't work for the whole four hours. It's too heavy duty. You know. I suppose to how do you do. Can you believe they'll end us here? I know that's before your time but seriously, stop and think about this. These are people who are supposed to know about television. TV guide. I mean, it's supposed to be their business and they leave off how do you freaking doody? Man. How do you think if he were still alive today? How do you think Buffalo Bob would feel about a thing like that? I snob like that. Well, that makes us feel like duty. Exactly. Howdy, suds. 1156 at 560 WQN the weather start to get really man oppressively hot again. Some are storms are on a way in the possibility of hurricane soon follows. So get prepared for a major storm and discover what thousands of people will under protect their homes. Do the smart thing. Call all weather systems. All weather systems has been in business for over 15 years. There are state license FEMA project impact contractor. All weather systems carries the brand news. State of the art shutterless impact resistant windows and French doors. No one's slightly rugby shutters to ruin the look of your home. And you'll also have the convenience of not having to put up heavy plywood or storm panels. All weather systems offers you 100% unsickered bank financing with no payments for 90 days. And payments as low as just 69 bucks a month. The impact resistant windows and French doors have insulated glass which saves you energy reduces outside noises. And the non-breakable glass helps keep up criminals and burrs too. All weather systems also manufactures a full-on of accordion style shutters. Electric rollups and hurricane panels as well. So give all weather systems a call today. Herkain season starting this month. Save yourself the headache of putting up shutters protect your family from storms and crime. And keep your house looking beautiful and energy efficient at the same time. Call all weather systems toll free. 1-800-725-126. That's 1-800-725-126. They provide home protection to the highest quality with service reliability and profession-lism-comparable to none. If you be sure and tell that your largest authority to call all weather systems at 1-800-728.