Now! Now! Now! The Neil Rogers Show on 5.60, till you be new A&M. What did he have for Neil Rogers season to hear that? Absolutely correct, correct. Oh! Here's another one for you, Holly. The extra church. Wasn't that for an against who sent this another one for you? I think it was. I'll be a student. I'll play the tuba. The odd odd old one. That is the present. Goes a thought door. Swim-linked old rock to that old one. Just be my tuba. Just be my tuba. But tuba's don't make you gay. I'll kill Bob Kiccher. It wasn't accident. I must have covered his head. Yo. I know 2 at 5.60, WQA. I'm happy Tuesday to you. And paradise everybody. 971 votes on our survey yesterday. And of course, so we asked one of those strange questions that we asked on the show. Because unlike a lot of other boring shows, Terminal shows where they pontificate and say nothing. This is a strange show and it's always going to continue to be a strange show. And no asshole is going to come in and tell us what to say on the show. Whether it's politically correct or incorrect, they can stop it. Whether it's stick or they can just stick it as a matter of fact. Well, we'll get to that in a second. 971 votes on a survey. We asked if you ever been required to swim naked in gym class. Because and you see, when things happen to you in life, you assume that everybody else is required to go through the same crap in high school and candidate were cadmium candidate when New York a little time of 10,000 people. We were forced to re- required. We were required to swim naked in gym class. Not that it's a big deal, but it seems to me it's rather dehumanizing and embarrassing, especially if a very small penis. Anyway, no absolutely not 830 people said that 85 and a half percent. But that means 14 and a half percent share that experience. Let's hear it because misery loves company. Right Howard? Yes in public school, 62. Yes into YMCA 57. Yes in private or perical school 21. So almost 15 percent of the audience had to be subjected to the same ignominious crap embarrassment and humiliation as I wasn't that makes me feel better. Then I make you feel better George. Much. Since you were the one to talk that all Neil just made that up. He's just talking more than that. I think he did up. I just thought it was unique to your situation. Maybe that town. That time. Well, candidate was kind of an unusual town. But anyway, here's a facts. Our first facts are the morning and a very good one too. And it fits right in with what I'm going to talk about. Because I was sitting here 715 this morning. See howard, I know you're frustrated because you couldn't get George fired. And that was a very good call. Right toward the end of the show. That was excellent. I know you're very upset because you got all been out of shape about that baby Schmidt in all that baby crap about those silly facts. Is all of which basically said the same silly crap that we've been seeing here on a show. But you see, we actually have an office pool. That's what I discovered from most of the contacts. I had not George, George isn't them all anymore. But from that big QA ratings party last night, they were taken up an office pool. How many people will Howard David try to get fired by the fourth of July? And the way it's working so far, it's not going to happen. Although we just have a lot of people very intimidated. Some of the underlings who are very, very nervous because they know if they don't genuine luck. Kisses ringing and look at them crosswise. Then they're probably going to get the rat fired at least till do his best. See, here's a guy that came into town and if you'll recall. Try to remember. I was the only one after that article in very Jackass when he made the comment. About how the sports talk is boring and he's going to do this. And of course, Hank took exception to that and Mad Dog took exception to it. And the other people on the station were like, yeah, like that. You know, like, what's this guy all about? He's an asshole, things like that. Which I guess maybe they were more perceptive than I was. But at any rate, I stood up. I thought, hey, here's a guy who's like a national. I'll play by play guy. I've heard his play by play. He's very good at that. And it's, you know, it's great. As opposed to having like some pun from off the street come in here. So I actually did give the guy a chance. And then I heard that show. And now, of course, I hear the great, the biting social commentary, the riveting social commentary that goes on every morning. Most of which are incorrect. But nevertheless, I don't know about you. But when I get up in the morning, I now grant you sports talk can be pretty podress and boring, especially now when there's nothing really going on there. Nothing except the baseball team that nobody cares about. But the fact of the matter is when I get up and roll out of the second morning, I don't want to be like hit the blindsided with all the morbid depressing stuff first in a morning. With somebody pontificating like the authority of mankind. Anyway, here's this facts. And then we'll get to back to Mohourden and his most, and in fact, I would say that what I heard at 715 this morning was the most Intembrate irresponsible comment in the history of radio. That's going, Mo. Not everybody can say that. I mean, the comment he made about Dave Johnson, that was just Mo being stupid. You see, this goes back to Greg Reed again. Just because some guys are good to play by play guy. Doesn't make him into a talk show host. You can sit any asshole in a world down behind a microphone. And that doesn't make them a talk show host. That doesn't mean that they know where to draw the line, where they have any common sense or concept of the things that you say and the things that you don't say. Such as the irresponsible crap I heard about 715 this morning, as I was sitting here downloading some stories. Anyway, here's a facts. From our young African American soldier, and by the way, I'd like to point this out to you, how I guarantee we got a lot more dark folks listening to this show right now than you'll ever have if you're on ear for like a little more than five more minutes. You're indeed. We have many, many dark folks who listen to this show, and you know something they understand is show the understand the humor that got a good sense of humor, which they have to have to survive. And this isn't the meteorologist showed didn't just start when you came offline in the town, okay sweetheart. I've been doing this stuff and tried to desensitize people and light them up a few shades for a year's on this program. And you can call it stick or you can just plain stick it if you like. But the fact is, no slot from out of town with a bad hairpiece is going to come into this town with his lime green pants and tell me your Rogers or anybody else. And I don't think what to say on the ear, it isn't going to work sweetheart, not going to happen. I'm not worried about being politically correct, as a matter of fact, Bill Mars getting fired, not because politically incorrect is out these days, but because it was a crappy show. Just keep that in mind, hoe it, how we, mojo, whatever the hell your name is, just keep that in mind, people do bad shows get canceled. Anyway, here's the facts from our young African and so American soldiers says no callers, stay firm. Well, I'm trying I'm squeezing it right now, although this time in the morning it's not too firm. It says, Neil, I don't know if you were listening to the station this morning, yes, I was, but there was something said that really annoyed me, an asshole caller named Pat called in and jumped Howard about the race issue and reference to the reporting of the young Hispanic girl and her boyfriend being kidnapped on the beach and later the female killed. The caller was upset because Howard did not report it about the young black girl that was burned in a car a few nights ago, well, first of all she was Haitian, secondly I'm afraid of the entire report being released because needed the police nor we know the entire story. So guys, with a Jamaican accent and dreadlocks, just to walk up to a female for no reason, push her into a car and set it on fire, they've got better things to do, like monitor their street pharmaceutical sales. See, here's the guy that knows where it is, where it be at. Howard then, the suck the ass of the asshole caller named Pat played a very white song, I guess to prove that he's not a racist. And then when I'm to say that he listened to that stuff on a very, he listens to stuff on that very station, the guy would be shot in the head of who was any other place. Facet he was talking about mad dog. Well, at least the African soldier got a good sense of humor. Why is it his responsibility report on local news? He's being paid to talk sports. It sucks that he's making so much and you are. Absolutely correct. Talk sports, dammit. Why does he constantly try to slip in little and you end to as to get it you are your show? Well, the fact of the matter is he's an overgrown child. And there's nothing worse than people who live to be a certain age like, you know, 65, 70 whatever he is. And just never outgrow their childishness because it comes back to ego. Here is a man who really, nobody needs. He needs an ego transplant. He needs an ego adjustment. You know, they're always talking about having attitude adjustment. He needs an ego adjustment. Because those of us who've been in a business more than five minutes were not impressed by your ego by your impomposity Howard. We don't care. We don't give a crap. But anyway, the actual comment was in regard that in the context of that conversation about race and everybody, he's saying that everybody is so sensitive. Now, which I find amusing because here's a guy that just a few months ago wrote this book called Nigger. And now we're desensitizing people from using that word and the idea of being which I've been trying to do for years using word like kai can speak in Nigger. Because they're just words. They're just words. It's desensitizing people to that stuff. So they're not all uptight and getting better out of shape over just words. But here's a guy that says, well, we've got, and of course it's never by name. He won't dignify me since the email episode by mentioning me by name on here. And certainly not George at that little spick. I'm sorry. Under the guys of stick, we've got certain day parts on this day. And somebody, if he was saying these things in other market, he would have a bullet through his head. Actually wrote it down just to make sure I got it fairly close. Of course, we could have the clip from the audio from on the ear. But he's got everybody so intimidated in the other room who work on a show that they don't dare provide that audio to us because then Howard be running around. He'd be on a phone with Greg and with corporate and have an nervous breakdown trying to get them fired. And we don't want to see that happen. So we don't really need to have the audio to play it because I'm sure a few of you actually heard it. Under the guys of stick, here's a guy if he was saying these things in another market, he would wind up with a bullet through his head. The most irresponsible comment in the history of talk radio, Mojo. And if it was coming from somebody that I felt had any idea what that they were doing, I might be concerned about it. Anyway, thanks to my africanist soldier for your facts because you're right on target. At least you got your thumb right on it. But I guess it's the outpouring of frustration from the fact that George isn't getting suspended. George isn't getting fired. And we're not going to overreact how much a baby crap. In fact, I'm not at liberty to tell you all of the stuff that's happened as if he's all of his tantrum so far and how it affected some of the people in our building. But needless suffice it to say, there's been a lot of angst and anguish and ringing of hands in the psychosis because of much to do about nothing. Grow up sweetheart. That's my best suggestion to you. Check your ego at the door every morning when you walk in there. Grow up and maybe let Gelly say something once in a while. Even though that squeaky voice he actually knows what they're talking about on occasion. Especially about hockey. I didn't hear anything about hockey this morning. I heard somebody hockin a chynek about race in about politically correct and everybody's a pipe and we're all sensitive. I don't think that's the case at all. And if matter of fact we're going to take a poll on that just to see whether I'm right or wrong. And whether I'm some kind of a racist son of a bitch. Now we have asked that in a past but this is a little bit different. Not that long ago we asked whether I was a racist member there. I do. Yes. But anyway, we are questioned today which is a little bit different. Do you have any problem with deals comedy bits or comments about race? Eric, let's make sure that races and capitals letters in dark black, let I'm sorry. Race. Here are your four choices. Know their funny is hell. Know I agree with them. Yes, he's a racist or know and how our David is an asshole. Those are your four choices this morning. Do you have any problem with deals comedy bits or comments about race? Race and I, talex or capitals. I'll leave it up to you, Eric. Since you're the expert in putting things in big dark black. Know their funny is hell. Know I agree with them. Yes, he's a racist or know and how our David is an asshole. Those are your four choices. Let me see which one I'm going to vote for. I'm thinking. Twelve minutes after nine at five, 60 your family station WQA and that's right. We're family, baby. We be family. See and I wasted all that time talking about that crap. I got a lot of important stuff to take care of here today. You know what? I got some important stories. Oh, don't put any of these people on hold Miguel. Don't waste your time. In fact, let me take care of that one for you. There you go. Bye bye. No calls today. Remember that song no milk today with the Herman Cermits? Yes. There's a good vid for Boca Brian. No calls today. The callers went away. We might have a day. We do what is a call. It might be called no calls. Huh? I don't know. I'll find it or call it. When you work on it, okay, and you know something more. I hear you babbling about this in Mumbling. I'm thinking maybe Mojo's got a point. Just a joke. So how was the party last night? Fine. Wonderful. And you let me down again. Did I say call me when the party started? I thought I said that. Oh, I'm sorry. Of course, that was Mo Green who said that. And look what happened to him. I shot right in the head right through the glasses. Hey, it's Howard. Howard David. He night, a special history channel presentation. A re-enactment from the actual transcripts of the Tuskegee Airband. Berlin 1944. The German sky is darkened. The very star, black B17, Barbers Quadrant. Where'd our chauffeur, how are we being looking back down? Not a taxi from our team. Are you happy later? Just tell him when we open the talk. Yeah, go in, doctor. You. We're just no balls. Oh, we got the phone. I'm Ellen. How'd that be? We're still free. We'll drop on anyway. On these coordinates. Perhaps six, seven. Oh. Oh. What's going on? What does that mean? What are these wonderful things doing here? Look as Geeky Hermann's watermelon sorting. Two nights. Only on the history channel. Here you go again. You relentless son of a bitch. You racist bastard. You 19, at five, 60 WCWM. A Maverick Dutch right wing politician. Pim Fortune has been shot dead. Nine days before a general election, which his party was expected to make big gains in the Nittalons. Fortune 54 was shot in the head in chest at least three times a close-range 6 p.m. yesterday as he was leaving a radio station in Hilversum 20 miles southeast of Amsterdam at 12 miles southeast of Amsterdam. The killing is cast out over by the elections may 15 will actually go ahead. His death was officially announced later in evening by Prime Minister Wim Koch. After this assassination, Pim Fortune is gone. Cokes had in the Hague after breaking off a campaign of engagement. This is a deep tragedy. I'm shocked. It's a tragedy for those post-women for his loved ones and for our country and our democracy Audiodi. Amanda was believed to have been carrying a gun as reported. It had been arrested outside the media park in Hilversum. Journalist, Sandra Van Horan told CNN, Fortune was shot in the head just behind his left ear and in his neck and his chest. Fortune spokesman Matt Herbentold wrote, The cigar-chomping politician received regular death threats. Most duck political leaders travel without body guards, often using public transport. The only exceptions were co-cus head of government. Fortune, however, had his own body guards and his upper headquarters in Rotterdam, were always guarded. He had been involved in minor scuffles with protesters in the past. Opinion pulls show that Fortune's newly formed leaf bar needle and party, livable Netherlands, running on an anti-immigration platform was uncoordinated by 15% of the vote in parliamentary elections. In the European political editor Robin Oakley said Fortune might have been part of a coalition government. Fortune, a former TV analyst, was a plain-spiqued politician who targeted fierce over immigration, saying that the Netherlands was full-up, he criticized Muslims for not embracing Dutch culture. He also said that being gay, he would be persecuted in a Muslim country. He was a gay, right-winger. Eh? Well, that's what he was. Fortune's rise mirrors a right-wing resurgence in Saudi European countries, which we've talked about in France and said it. So on British Prime Minister Tony Blair cancelled his visit to the Netherlands, saying whatever feelings political figures aroused, the ballot box is the place to express them. In other words, please don't shoot me as what he said. So there you go with that. And it goes to show you, crazy people with guns no matter where they have men in the world. They are dangerous, crazy people with guns. I just mentioned that for my good friend Glenn and Miramar, and please don't facts me, okay, I waste their facts paper. I just mentioned that for your benefit and all the other NRA guns queezing assholes out there. How's that new pull coming on there? Because this one I think is going to be pretty interesting. And I'm going to tell you right now, if I find that I'm offending a lot of people out there, I may have to reconsider those comedy bits, you know what? Do you think? How do you think? Yeah, that's grapple-mo. Although it's funny when we took the pull about the comedy bits about the broker-briam bits a few days ago, what was the most popular one? The rest of Tussian song Kiss and I grew good morning, which was very funny to some people including our new morning guy up until those emails that little incident. But now this is way like a little child of getting back. Done in the name of Stich, bu-pup-pup-pup-pup-pup-pup. Hey, give it a rest, how are we, okay? Blow it out your ass. Pantificating, bu-pup-pup-pup-pup-pup-pup-pup. You know, I'm on impressed. Anyway, car arson burns north Miami women. And this is the story that they were seeing how come he and the other media people weren't talking more about this, and also that little girl, which we have a story about. And the judge there about really a little five-year-old, really a judge, Joe Letterman. She's having an nervous breakdown. In fact, they keep showing her outburst on CNN this morning. I said, go on, let's vote for her. What do you say? If she's elected judge, she's the best. Absolutely. What's happening on the pool is your screen blank on there now. Is he working on it? No, I- Well, there it is. What did I tell you? I'm telling you, my psychic, how about yesterday? Remember I was talking to you on the phone about very much matters? And I mentioned Clarence's name, our, you know, who's taken over while that's on vacation. And I mentioned it, and the other phone rang. And who was it? Clarence. How do you like that? My psychic powers are, I'm put that misclio to shame that bitch. And I wouldn't even have to rip anybody off. Let's put on our website, Neal psychic reading, something like that. Let's see, here's the initial seven votes on there. Do you have any problems with Neal's comedy bits or comments about race? No, and Howard David's an asshole, three. No, their funny is held, too. No, I agree with them one, and yes, he's a racist one. I didn't know Howard had access to a computer this early. I guess maybe in a bullpen. Carl Arson burns North Miami woman in North Miami, police are trying to piece together. The events had led to 21 year old Odeline Modestine almost being burned alive, inside her car early Monday morning. Modestine's injuries were so severe she couldn't speak as today. So detective, Camvister, North Miami neighborhood and interviewing relatives and neighbors and sifting through the charred remains of her green Toyota Camry. Lead detective, Alonzo Rimer called the case very unusual. He said, Monestine's family told police, she arrived at her house on the 1300 block of northeast 135. She's 135th Street about 2 a.m. Monday, but soon went out to get a book from her car. That's when two men with dreadlocks who spoke with Jamaica and accents asked for her came up to her and asked for her keys rhyme or said, when she refused, they heard it inside the car. Doused it with a flammable liquid and set it on fire. Laughing, they set the car on fire and ran, said Monestine's brother, Patrick's. That's when she got out of the car and started screaming. At first we thought that she was crying because her car was burning. Come on. But he quickly realized his sister's cries were due to her burning skin and not because of the flaming car. Unable to put his emotions into words all her father, Pierre Monestine, could say was that his daughter was studying to be a teacher. It's bad, very bad is he motion to these sections of the body where his daughter was burned, face neck torso arms and legs. Otolein Monestine was in critical yet stable condition late Monday, Jackson Memorial Hospital's Wider trauma center with burns covering more than 36% of her body. They never said they smelled what they thought were chemicals or wires burning. We thought maybe it was an air conditioner then we heard this boom said blood vitaeler who was staying with nearby relatives. When outside saw it was a fire we didn't know the girl was in the car. Monestine recently graduated from IMMEDIAT community college and is majoring in secondary education at FIU. At IMMEDIATE, he was introduced to a high school friend who would eventually become her husband. Elsie Cole in 25 and Monestine were married Friday in a private civil ceremony. He said the first time he saw he told her he was going to marry her Monday when he saw her at the hospital. He wasn't sure what to say. She doesn't think she's going to be the same he said. On Saturday the day after their wedding, here comes the very suspicious part. The day after their wedding, the back seat of Monestine's car was slashed. Police are looking for a possible connection between the Dewinson and said Northami police spokeswoman Kathleen Rujiro. Cole and Sidious and have any ID whom I do this, she didn't have any enemies. How do you like that? So a couple of Jamaican scumbags. I just mentioned that in PASIC. Now is that a racial comment? What I say that? Yeah sure who cares? Oh it's not. No matter who the hell did it they did it. I thought you were talking about the word Jamaican. Don't pick up what is that? All right, don't pick up. Is that to the tune of the word? Don't hang up by the words. You know only broke a brand and I remember don't hang up by little even the, that was the cookies. Little even the cookies. But the Orleans did don't hang up. Oh don't pick up. Is that what it's called? That's what it's called. That's what we're gonna do. Don't pick up. Don't need those brand and crawlers. Don't pick up. The same sort of accoles That always calls you on the phone on a hear their voice on the radio They contribute nothing to the show No, no We've already heard it all think God he'll not have the balls to do his show without the call On a Let them go find something else to do Don't more chronic wounds like the guy with the eyes No more armies you're too and that is gone Thanks to you Pick up We like the way it's going to don't pick up No more Actually look timey NF observations Okay Oh A, it's how it, how it's spam. Okay, let me just interrupt you. Very important facts here. It says, D'you know, please don't play that song that goes, kiss a end blank blank, blank good morning. I listen from work and there are a lot of colored people. Or yesterday I cut myself singing that song out loud. God damn it, I'm gonna get fired and by the way, F, Mo. P.S. It's a freaking catchy song, Love We We. Love common we we, that wasn't like an intro comment as in Love We We. Hey, want those to find a way. The reimbursed more back pain. Yes. From 200 years ago, when they were slaves. Longest to last. When I only have a mobile home, a pitfall in a pinch of snow. So if you wanna ask, they have here what I gotta say. You've got to, kiss a nigger good morning. All right. Feeling that we started pouring slay of a moan. Kiss a nigger good morning. And that's where everybody who is dead at home. If I was born a day, people too. Hold it slay thing something I do. But when we're dead people, they do you. I have to take the fly. I'm just a little boring old man. With the canvas fairly cherry impact. It's a little boring acres and the new life. I have a better way. You've got to, kiss a nigger good morning. I wanna give you a kiss. And put on how I fare it more in favor. Oh, right. Kiss a nigger good morning. And that's your business. Kiss a nigger good morning. Kiss a nigger good morning. And give that you sorry, Lawrence Lavin, a moan. Yeah, got to, kiss a nigger good morning. And that's where everybody who is dead at home. There you go. We meet that's for you. 9.32 to 5.65. Father's Shanley is getting a rain there in Cambridge, man. Tonight that he is dumbfounded by apparently a new batch of documents that have been unearthed at the archdiocese of Boston on Monday. What we do know so far is the documents that had been released by the archdiocese have been incredibly damaging. They showed a Shanley advocated sex between children and adults. And that he was an early adherent of a group that later became the North American man. Yeah, we know all that Paul. That's old stuff. We give us something new. Give us something exciting and new that we don't already know, bitch. God. God. God. Are you watching CNN? Right now. You see that he's standing there with that look on his post. What a model. He's really troll. Oh, brother. Old troll is an understanding of the century. And there were reading documents before during the break I was listening to some of the audio about some of the documents that were passed from the archdiocese from the honorable Cardinal law. And back and forth from this one and that one about well how he had plans to like live in a foreign country. And like to be anonymous and with a PO box in the US, which probably would be the best advice at this time. And so in other words, let's ship him off somewhere. We're working to go hide instead of putting him in jail where he belongs. I'll guess what? Did it work? No. No. Thank the Lord. Thank you. Right. Come back. I know. I don't know. I don't know. You hear from the first time this morning. This is his lawyer. How'd you like to be his attorney? How'd you like to be in this poor guy shoe? No thanks. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. Very well. You know the arc? Of course. Don't eat there. Never been there. Good. Don't eat there. The former altar boy is 45-year-old Jose Albino Chariah's junior. He's the second male to come forward. Climney was the victim of the two priest. While they worked in the church of the little flower and curled geobals. The pseudo-legious Chariahs then around 15 was sexually abused by the two priest. Then forced to join a sex ring and sexually service visiting priest over three-year period. Chariahs said he told numerous people over the years about the abuse including friends in his therapist but never went public because of the shame. I didn't want to be here. I don't want to be here. I'm here to stop this from happening to other kids. Chariahs said noting that Castalana's in be sure are still priest in South Florida. Chariahs maybe I'm pronouncing that right at wrong. You see, you are our AIS. You got me. Well, whatever. He also said he could have sued anonymously but the only way to handle this is to confront this in Same I name. Chariahs specifically charges that both Castalana's in be sure had hosted orgys. At the church of a little flower, the priest had sex with numerous teenage boys. Chariahs also alleges that he had a child in his family. Chariahs also alleges Castalana's operated a teenage prostitution ring where he and other boys had sex with visiting seminarians from Rome. The abuse occurred between 1971 and 1974. He said he's seeking unspecified damages in the suit which was filed in Circuit Court in Fort Lauderdale yesterday. Archdiocese of Miami spokeswoman Mary Ross Augusta said yesterday she couldn't come out of the allegations because the Archdiocese of course has never received a copy of the lawsuit. We shared now works at St. Francis de Sales Catholic Church in Miami Beach, Castalana's pastor at Sanacitro Catholic Church in Papano Beach. The new allegations against the two priest Kim just two weeks after Rita Tinchilla and Miguel Tinchilla senior Coral Gables filed a lawsuit in dates or could court-ledging that Miguel Tinchilla Jr. was repeatedly molested in the 70s by two priest who may not have been local arts dices. Tinchilla Jr. died in 1993, 831 after years of drug abuse and from Esquita was sex that his family said was triggered by the abuse. Church officials in Miami denied the charges and has been resharred in Castalanos. All of them said the family is hoping to make money. They specifically point to an 1988 F. David Sinbiach in Chilajunun, which he exonerated the priest and said he was pressured by a therapist to make up the allegations. That was later. That story was later recanted. So there you go. You believe whoever you want. Okay. I would say that they're threatened. They're credibility at this point. A little bit then. Right. The church I'm talking about. Just a little bit then. Any of them. Any of them. There's father, Shanley. Great. Who pleats innocent. Who has no inclination to run. Right. Lock the door through a way to keep just like I'm guiding light. Okay. Want a lollipop little boy? There's no good who that is. Everybody looking who that is. No good who that is. That way this he wins. These are racing with. Race around in his car. That is. The race driver that never wins. That he wins. Now see here on you. They call me Mr. Reels. Oh, Mr. Moon are win over his. In my rocket, he de- Oh, where are they? Maybe. You showed a fan today. Oh, how the Mr. Reels, he de- Oh, where are they? Well, you heard yourself so we're on a plane. Go get that on him. How's about a date? Oh, no. Hey, go to date. That chance. Not you can't call me in advance. Since that why you don't go out with me. You wait until snow. You can't see. Where'd I make his snow on the street? But I show beef as to my feet. 946 happy Tuesday to hear on 560 QM. We got the mad dog Jim Manditch. One hack is back from Louisville. Hankled me on from 3 to 630. Baseball pregame at 630. The first time he's been playing with the game. The first time he's been playing with the game. 946 happy Tuesday to hear on 560 QM. We got the mad dog Jim Manditch. One hack is back from Louisville. Hankled me on from 3 to 630. Baseball pregame at 630. The pod raise in town to play the floor to baseball team at the 705. A to K after baseball and Joe and Mark the dirty boys overnight to the 6 in the AM. And then we start all over 6 o'clock in the morning with Mohon. $750,000 bail. They were a prosecutor once for Reverend Chandley. Wittness. Wittness. I'd be like that. I sure hope the arts dice. He's done all of a sudden find that money real quick. Since they're quite in form off to the victims. And Cardinal law is making it up as he goes along. But I beat bad at boop. That's stuff. Here's a fact. Did you read this before you facts this to me? Yes, I did. Here's an idea for a new pool. Ways to get a bit of Mohon Howard. Now see, first of all, I don't unlike other people on the station. I don't try to get anybody fired. Either George or anybody else, including some of the other host. I've never played that game before. I'm not going to start now. But nevertheless, here's an interesting list. One chokam with his wig. Two sent him on a weekend trip to the Middle East. Three cinnamon room alone and make him listen to the best of the most show. That should be painful. Four hang-in-by is nuts. Oh, never mind it doesn't have any. See? These are a nasty vision. In fact, you know what they are, George? They're not nice. No, they're not. Signed from a Mohator, PSM Hispanic, and think you're hilarious and do not find your racist. So, tell Moh to a kiss your ass. You can kiss my ruin. There you go, Mohon. That's for you sweetheart. Kiss my fat old pimple ass. On second thought, stay the whole way. DCF worker told Judge Five year old Rilia was fine after her disappearance. He said, Oh, we're fine. Yeah. My Emmy on this, this judge. Judge Letterman and my pronouncing the writers at Leiterman. I don't know. LED-E-R-M-A, and I think it's Letterman. It's Leiterman. No relation to David and Miss Filling. Oh, a child welfare worker in charge of a missing five-year-old girl told a judge during the 16 months after the child's disappearance. That the girl was just fine. The judge said yesterday. Oh, we're fine. Nearly two months after Rilia Wilson was last seen in January of 2001. Case worker Deborah Muskelly, a circuit judge, Cindy Letterman, ruled the child was in daycare. What is it? Case worker Deborah Muskelly told Sir Guy Say I left the word out. Then I asked because of this damn article. Ask because of the Sun Sentinel. Okay. And when you print stuff out off your website, it's on Sentinel. Every now and then it leaves words off the edge of the page and it makes it like indesciparable and it makes it everybody look like an ass. Okay. I just mentioned that for the Sun Sentinel, there we doesn't care about details and make mistakes. And reports submitted August 31st, 2001. Muskelly said, Rilia's custodian was addressing her needs that juvenile court judge said. The website from everything else she misrepresented the child's well being to this court letter and said, and she was smoking. She was pissed off. In case you haven't seen that video of a 500 times, she was fired up and pissed off. Detectors are now treating Rilia's disappearance as a possible homicide. Investigators are waiting for DNA test results from police in Kansas City, Missouri. The see if a girl found beheaded their last April was Rilia. The actions of Muskelly who resigned in March for her performance in other cases are among the targets of an investigation into Rilia's whereabouts. It is absolutely despicable what happened in this case, George Letterman said. Dispicable. What did you say? It really was ultimately the courts responsibility, but since he held the Department of Children and Families to blame and hinted that Muskelly could face charges of surgery and making false statements. Ed Griffith, a state attorney's office spokesman declined to come out whether Muskelly is facing any charges calling it a broad ongoing investigation. The Department of Children and Family said Saturday that now it requires supervisors as well as case workers to visit every child's home and caregivers and children old enough to be required to sign a log after every visit. They're going to make them sign their log. I think that's what the priest were doing to weren't they? They said here sign this sign my log. God. And like I told you last week, when everybody was getting all psychotic and it was a horrible story about the girl that got killed in their boyfriend but his next life. Crap happens every single day. There's more and more of these stories, whether they're white, Hispanic, they're black, whatever they are. It's grotesque and barbaric and unacceptable, but it's partly American, if and way, it's just it's life life and death because it's a violence society with a bunch of animals running around with no respect for human life. For priest of the Jolie et dici's accused of sexual misconduct have been relieved of their duties bringing to ten. The number of priest to dici's has removed a medias sexual scandal, whorling the church. Dice's official city yesterday. Whorling don't you like that word? It's like boiling but better. Isn't that what they say in that CCR song, whorling? That's what they'd be saying. Maybe they're just not pronouncing it right. See, there we go again. How's that pull coming before I continue with this story? Do you have any problems with the old comedy bits or comments about race? Race? Not the horse race, not the derby? Race? Not pop it apart. And here's the results so far out of a hundred nine votes. No and Howard David is an asshole 65. That seems to be leading by a large margin. No, there are funniest hell 32. Yes, these are racist eight and no, I agree with them for. So, 101 are like, you know, don't have any problem. Then there's eight folks out there who are still listening, but they think it's racist. They think it'd be bad. Anyway, getting back to this story from Joel yet, Illinois's last month. Then she'll have people say Illinois's. No, I hate them. Oh, and there's another thing about people from the midwives. Not that I want to generalize. But they have this way of pronouncing words like, M-I-L-K, they pronounce the eyes and E, they say milk? Yeah. Have you ever heard people do that? Yes, I have. Yeah. Why do they do that? I don't just like when Bill Kullin on a price is right. Love Bill Kullin on the original prices right. But he was from the Pittsburgh area. And there's another Midwestern affectation they have like in Pittsburgh, which is not really the Midwest, but it's kind of like sometimes lumped in with it for some reason. And they'll say he's used to say doors instead of dollars, doors, doors. Doleers. Why do some people down here say Miami? Oh, because there are guys. Yahoo, what have you done? You've got a lot of old crackers, even her, Schindler, an old Jew that used to work with me on KT. He used to say, WKT, Miami Beach, Miami. And that's because he's a good old Southern Jew, I guess, that he would say that. Can I get back to this story, please? Since we've only got 7,000 child molesting stories. Last month, and a delayed response to lawsuits brought by alleged victims, Bishop Joseph Imesh of Juliet turned her child's over to local prosecutors, covering all cases of alleged sexual abuse by priests. No charges have yet been brought against them. The same mission auxiliary bishop Roger Kaffer informed personers of the affected churches during mass unsunday. Those removed were father Edward Puff. A semi-retired priest who assisted with mass in the same patch church in Juliet. It was accused 1994, father Lowell Fisher. Oh, and it goes out with a bunch of names of people. You all know who they are. Just a bunch of child molesters alleged. Here's another one. Ah, cheese. And you know, when you're hearing all these stories and they're coming from all these different parts of the country, you're wondering, well, all of this story's got to come in from green bay and Kalamazoo and Rochester, and Albany, and you see what I'm saying in Su City. See, we're only hearing a selected group, and obviously wherever there are priests, there are pedophiles. I hate to make that generalization, but I think I am. I think I'm safe in saying that since there seems to be this epidemic. For example, here's another one from Charlotte. Didn't we have one last week from Charlotte? I think we did. Because I was talking about the Carolinas and your affinity from North Carolina, because you have a place up there in its sheep and the mountains, right? And there's no people around. A sixth priest in the Roman Catholic Dysies of Charlotte's been accused of sexual misconduct. How do you like that? Oh, I see. Dysies, postwoman John Joanne Keene said yesterday, the reports stems from in Lege case of sexual abuse that occurred nearly 40 years ago involving a priest who since died. She said the Dysies is required by law attorney with the allegation to it. Oh, we don't care about that. You know what I mean? That's not worth our time. We don't have time for that crap. There's too many dead child molesters. Let's stick with the ones who are alive. And for example. Oh, yeah. Here's my favorite. This is the pre-story of the day. Oh, even more exciting than Reverend Chandley getting... And I hung on the cross there in Cambridge. I was going to say a rain, but that's not fun. He's getting the elder of the cross. Wouldn't that be great? You think they would burn them at the stake in Boston like down there in front of a... You're right in the middle of a copy square, like I said the other day. I think it would be great. In fact, I'd like to match. It burns. Priest resigns over Marty Grappicure. This is one of the great stories in history of mankind. And I want to start with the word, whomeoulousey Anna. I wonder where the hell I did. He's H O U M A. My pronounce in that word. No clue. How ma-who ma-hama? In fact, you know the first person that ever told me about that place was Rimmer. How ma-hama? Yeah, that's what he said. That's what he called it. Anyway, whomeoulousey Anna. And see when you're Louisiana, don't make any different story. I've pronounced names anyway because everybody there's pretty much a literate. A Roman Catholic priest is resigned. His pastor Vachurch after a coffee table book showed him shirtless in a Mardi Gras crowd. crowd next to a drag queen and well-muscled men in biking shorts. The Reverend Thomas Bouteri 47 passed through the St. Louis Church in Bayou Blue. Oh, I love them. New Orleans names, don't you? Bayou Blue appeared in the book, Masking and the Madness. The Dicis of Huma. Or I see it's also, it's like a one of those like Nina Monashawas' content. The Dicis of Huma Thibeto feels that these photographs could be a source of scandal for some and thus prevent father Bouteri from effectively exercising his ministry. Well, that's like a little little little to a dozen. A little. Prevent father Bouteri from effectively exercising his ministry. Dicis, Bouteri, St. Louis, Aguri, St. Louis, St. Louis, and Monade yesterday. In a statement, Bouteri said no allegations of abuse of any kind of been made against and the photos were taken last year in New Orleans, French Quarter, which is known for rock is parting on Monagra and lots of factory and drag queens and stuff like that. Percussion or Richard Luchette said he was troubled by Bouteri's resignation. If you're going to judge somebody's dress in Mardi Gras, you must not be from here, Luke had said, if Jesus came to Mardi Gras, where would he be? I have a feeling he'd be right there. That's right, right next to the drag queen and the well muscle men in biking shorts. Right about that. Oh, you bet. You should be on it. He'd be there. He'd be on a float. In fact, didn't they always say that Jesus was coming back on a motorcycle? And for a while, there's Haz McCay was trying to prove, you know, claim that he was he was he for a little while. There I think the cost people were buying it until they opened up that crypt. A state judge yesterday ordered Cardinal law to be deposed tomorrow in the sex abuse case of the Frog Priest John Gagan. Suffolk Superior Court Judge Constance Swiny who's also by the way pissed off just like Judge Letterman ordered law to answer questions in the case tomorrow morning, but then I'd request by plaintiff's attorney, Michigan, or a beating that lobby required to post a $10 million bond if he left the state. Swiny said the court had significant concerns whether law would be available for deposition unless it was ordered soon. His choice of whether he, uh, he's available for deposition is done entirely belonging to him. She said if the Pope tells him to go to Rome, he goes. She denied a request by the arts star. She's for a seven day notice before the deposition. Her a beating who represents 86 alleged victims of Gagan was pressing on with litigation following Fridays decision by the arts dice. He's to back out of a settlement agreement. The arts dice. He's finance council rejected the settlement agreement with your obedience clients because of concern about the growing number of people that you've heard abuses we reported yesterday. If only got 30 million, it might be like hundreds of millions. Meanwhile, another attorney representing 150 alleged sex abuse victims wrote to the arts dice as a Boston to suggest a mediator be appointed to provide a vehicle for those alleged victims who want to settle their cases. The lawyer Rodrick McLean said many clients intended to pursue lawsuits, especially after the arts dice he's backed out of its settlement in the Gagan case on Friday. So cardinal law, unless he shipped off to Rome in the interim, he's going to testify with the parlaments tomorrow morning. How do you like that? I'm just going to have to be given a sworn deposition as you can swear on the Bible. I guarantee you I ain't the first time you swear on especially lately. Were you fudge back? My guest tonight is the rare person who wouldn't have to change her name if she became a porn star of jewels here. Where's the weirdest place you've ever had sex? I love sex really. There's something you practice every day? Where do you fall? I mean, are you good at it? Yeah sure. I'm so good at it now. Can you show me? Oh my god. Oh my god. So naughty you guys. Are you all right? I think I'm sorry. No, you should have sex in as many places as possible. Hopefully not with Carson daily though. We pray for that. It's a 10 out to a 5 60 WQM happy Tuesday to you. Guess what's starting right now? There's just letterman again. About the status and well-being and placement of his child for one year. Why would you think I would allow the department to remove this child sibling without my consent? Why would you even think that? And why would you try? What is the department hiding? I had a Gana girl. You go girl. Well, she's the best ancient. I love that. They keep showing that over and over again. As poor radio, I mean, I don't think you see her no more. Little five-year-old girl. And I don't care what anybody says, but the fact of the matter is George and I were discussing this before the show today. She's considered to be like another little crack baby. And nobody cares. We can't find a real father and a mother in the grandma and, you know, just another little kid lost in the system vanished. Pathetic. And what I started to say is Michael Skaker, a skakeles murder defense could get a boost. It members of the famous Kennedy clan is show up to support their relative that says this is from the AP, but prosecutors have their own asset in a charming and graceful old degenerates widespread sympathy. The trial is starting right now. This hour. Let's hear it. Oh, finally. You think they're gonna ever convict the Kennedy of anything. I don't think so. Maybe this time. Just this once. I don't think so. Dorothy Moxley who's daughter Martha was bloodied in the blood into the death of the golf club in 75 is expected to be the first prosecution witness to testify as Skakeles murder trial starts in just a matter of moments this hour. This hour could on the edge of your seats. Moxley is not expected to offer concrete evidence. Though her diminutive presence looms large, she campaign that sounds like something defa would say looms large. She campaigned for nearly 27 years to $500 killer. Michael Sherman Skakeles defensive attorney is recognized as a sympathy factor. He repeatedly asked for a prospective jurors if they be swayed by a desire to provide Moxley closure, even if the state could not prove its case, closure as in closure, mouthy drab and his nuts. I just think it's important for the jurors to understand it to a quick Michael Skakele they're gonna have to look at her and make her on happy Sherman said she's a fact of in this case. I think it's better to address it than to ignore it. Now 41 Michael Skakele is accused of killing Martha Moxley when the defendant victim were 14 year old 15 year old neighbors. Skakele is the nephew of Ethel Kennedy who's crazier than a bedbug, by the way, and talks to Bobby through the psychics through the amediums. She ought to be on that show. What's that quack show which I still have no idea whether where they're after Miss Cleo and yet they let this asshole on the day Carcine over that show crossing over John Edward. Nothing real name crossing over with John Edward. Oh, this real name is John McGee. What a how can they put that on the ear and assholes watching that crap talking to dead people on the ear? That's even worse than the I'm a show At least he's got a few live people on with him like that news guy that sucks his ass. Everything is brother Fred on a phone We never see probably just as well Anyway, there you go the Skakele trials getting out of way. There's a little something to sink your teeth into while we wait for the Robert Blake trial Or George is gonna go and personally testify that the bitch deserved it In fact, you know something you really blew it because you should have taken a suspension you could have taken some time off if you could like pick the dates, you know Now I seriously you could have you had to had them fly you out there. I'm sure they would love to have a witness for the Blake decide They need all the help they can get Had you go out there and say hey, she's a piece of crap. She's trailer trash. She's a devious Dangerous A con our scams their right Here's that more on that story like right here where I am a Which I told you about a couple of weeks ago and it's coming to a head I better not say hidden conjunction with the story That's a bad choice of words in order to get a prom date Mark call has a court date The gay aoshua teen that's aoshua Ontario right up the road a From me the aoshua Ontario teen is taken a fight to have his boyfriend accompany him to a dance to the Ontario Superior Court in Whitby The drum catlick school board has already vetoed the idea claiming it's against the homosexual lifestyle See what I understand is are they gonna have like sex at the prom? No, I don't think so So what the differences is it make? Hallfields he's been discriminated against on the basis of sexual orientation is seeking a hundred thousand dollars in damages. You go boy He believes his chances are good. I have my toxicito I'm getting a limo soon so I'm pretty optimistic so is his lawyer David Elliott who argues the board's position Violates the charter of rights and freedoms this notion that somehow because of the Constitution Catholic schools are above the law is just wrong he insists and we have a public policy in Ontario That says the discrimination based on sexual orientation is wrong and that applies to Catholic schools Lawyers for the school board get their say two day a quick decisions imperative the Promot monsoon your John Perimer Catholics secondary school is scheduled for this Friday So we'll keep you posted on that okay because I know everybody's on pins and needles waiting to hear about that aren't you? Absolutely But there's an interesting line in there from that attorney David Elliott who says the notion that somehow because of the Constitution Catholic schools are above the law is just wrong and of course isn't that what we hear like with this business about cannon law And well, we'll just ship him off and we'll do this or we'll just you know We'll defraught them or something like that as opposed to anybody else the brick layer the plumber the radio sales guy Anybody down the streets if they molest to get they're going to jail for 20 years at least and locked the door and throw the key away This idea once again, you know, it's not just enough that they don't pay taxes and they can go on and like a kind of public with all his Fakerie and just fleece the money out of their pockets. That's not bad enough But hey, we're above the law, baby. We make our own laws. We'll decide and we'll sit around and you know talk to the old man over there and see if he'll let us do anything about it Or not as the case may be Depending on who's pulling his strings and how things are insistently this week In Satyria Yeah, let me show you Sicily Tyson I better get to this story now because I don't want to get I don't want to I don't want to let down my dark folks out there Myth or reality do black men have larger penises. This was fact to me by one of our chronic fractures yesterday Now is this picking on dark folks to talk about this or not because it seems to me That if black people have larger penises like men anyway, I'm not sure about the women But if black men have larger penises that that's probably a feather in their cap or so or something Yeah When there's Michael Skakele we're going to court. Dakele's brother Tommy and tutor Ken Lillton Little tin will likely take the stand early on in the trial Prosecutors grant him full immunity Skakele all next on another 12 and a half points we can make it in the 14 hundreds by the end of the day anybody got any mind life no All the people from CNBC we want to know when your trial starts We want to know when your our ass is all going to be in jail all you fakers all you fraud mysters speaking of misclio She's a piker compared to them and the fraud that they helped the perpet of barbiturate No question about it. They put one over on the public while that bull crap about well, you know P.E. Ray shows don't mean anything and the new economy all this other crap and then all of a sudden I guess what we had to bubble Burst sorry And all those people that those broke ridgages like Merrill Lynch and the other ones who were touting stocks to their clients while behind closed doors They were saying it's a piece of crap. You know things like that Major major fraud and you know something I thought that certain people I don't want to mention matursion others were same before the election You're in a half ago. I thought they were saying that the the market wanted bush isn't that what they were saying? That's what they heard this wasn't the bush that they were thinking about it He was good for the economy because big business wanted bush They wanted all those nice tax cuts which he's doing the best to give them but nevertheless everything continues We didn't like those eight years of prosperity things were going a little bit too well Thanks a lot, Al Gore. Thanks a lot, Julie. We're meant thanks a lot to Ralph Nader And thanks a lot all you a little bit idiots out there to punch Papu cannon and pombie Thank you very much for helping give us this craft this direct this right wing twisted swill So what do you think should we do the story about the Oblac Penis is or not? I think it's a well is it a long story? Yeah, then you might have to pay it very close Let's see here's another one from an everyday listener. My me left a choice off the pole you forgot to ask if we think they're funny and you're racist Hey, don't be picky with my pole, okay One thing about this kid. I do good pole. Believe you. Me have been told by many. I do some of the best pole anywhere So don't be give me a bunch of crap, but that's a good point We could we could have put a whole variety of money, but let's keep it simple for nice choices Don't you think that's a good number yet? It doesn't make it do complicated We got 171 votes out there already and much less in an hour You have any problems with meals comments or our comedy bits about race in other words about dark folks and white folks and stuff like that And of course race doesn't just mean about black people how about the trailer trash stuff that we play about white trash is not like also racial stuff That's cultural anyway It's racial man White is a race because you would know that because you're Cuban. Oh, I wouldn't know that anyway And let me can I give the results and don't start getting all defensive again you and team up over with your buddy there, you know I'm gonna have to talk to Greg again And if there's one thing I'd like you to keep in mind Greg, you okay. I don't want to get you nervous again. Now that we got you off the hook. I'll never forget Do you have any problems? I mean that's a seriously I want to say this to the audience right now to think that this man who's worked this show for 10 years Who maybe he mumbles a lot. Okay never stole our freight train He may not be the most dynamic guy you'll ever meet to say the very best But the fact of the matter is to think that he was on a virgin at a crap his pants who just his wife had that unwanted baby and put his a whole life in a ringer and you know his life is flashing me for his eyes That he had to go through all kinds of crap because we got an egotistical arrogant Humorless pompous ass that came in out of from out of town in a morning to think that this guy had to have his job threat and there were a bunch of baby crap over Fucially emails is unconscionable unconscionable See, and I'm not gonna pay back stupidity with more stupidity because there's nothing worse than being stupid But I will say this that maybe a public hanging maybe in order at least a threat of it Because there are a lot of people who would love to be hung speaking of black penises anyway Can I give the pull results before I do the break please please? Because you get me side tracked. I'm getting all emotional about this crap and I shouldn't get emotional. I should consider the source And I'll tell you one thing. Did I have this guy pegged right from the get go or what after those first couple days on here? Did I have him pegged Well, that's right. You can't speak well. You can speak now. You're off the hook. They can't start all over again They can't bring that you whether they call it like a double jeopardy No, that's not the I don't think that applies it double jeopardy and that is one of your favorite shows only suits what that's what's that show It's for idiots. Can't we all just get along can we get along when you stop promoting this story about long black penises? Do you have any problems with your mind guess I better do the break then we'll get to it See you back me up again. So thing here. Since we have a lot of spots on here. Oh The most what's kids show on television? Maybe going off the air Sponge Bob Square pants couldn't wrap up production at the end of this year the show is executive producer and head writer Steve Hillenberg Says he needs a break and wants to try something new We get reaction now from the star of the show Sponge Bob Square pants Oh What the hell do I do now? I just signed the papers to put a big addition on the pineapple and I'm up to my bikini bottom in debt My girlfriend's here. They cheaks this pregnant and Patrick poor Patrick good morning Lala good morning Patrick I got a surprise for you. Yeah. I've got a surprise for you too pal the sex change operations off We're getting kids They are their Patrick take your paxle Hang way lower by volume play Squidward no more crevvy patties no more happy a ninja sizes We're fired No no No more parties with Robert daddy junior Square down they have shut up standing I was about to do for Heidi clume where I'm fired it's over Albert now maybe you because you got you know kids maybe you can tell me what that's all about Sponge Bob Square pants what do you want to know Well, what's it all about it's just a cartoon? It's just a cartoon that happens to be very popular with teenagers. I see En Miguel and it ain't have that it's funny. It's cute Now is square uh what is it Sponge Bob is he like shoe Steve? Oh and guess what the deal at the assertion the activity is just about done to have a trial no matter What you say the Israelis are the only ones where some they've been saying this for long time And then as they just went in the minus column again and the stocks are falling one more time I don't know how much lower they can go, but it's getting real grim and really ugly Nice going air bush myster Oh look at this Our black men shlong's bigger That's not what it's all information Well, doesn't say shlong it's just something about Nixon But anyway, I got something more the other articles much more significant and meaningful So anyway, that was okay that bit that we just played because I thought it sounded amazing, but I have no idea what that show is There it is it was a no no It was weak the bit yeah, okay, well, I won't play it again. Okay. I'll take off the checkmark Because you know me I always put a checkmark on one side. I like I guess you do okay. I'm right now Right next to whatever it'll be no Myth or reality do black men have larger penises and I think that this is something that just about everybody's concerned about white black Chinese Of course you have poor you know, I still am in amazement, you know That there can be a billion Chinese people is it one or two no it's one billion When Chinese men are in doubt like But mushrooms in fact, they're an enormous number of Chinese here in Toronto and it this is one of the reasons that I'm here because it certainly makes me feel much better about myself I'm not saying that the stereotype is always true with Chinese men, but my goodness. They are there But mushroom would be like an exaggeration like an acorn Like a Thumbnail but anyway, we'll get to the Chinese another day Myth or reality do black men have larger penises in any case because the difficulties of the sort Research comparing black and white sexuality has been rather scarce Why is that? Indeed, many people working in the field of human sexuality consider the question itself to be racist Given that human sexuality means just that human sexuality According to these scientists the very notion of racist suspect with skin tone and hair type existing among human populations Along a continuum for example like to darkstrate to kinky et cetera, and we all like kinky These researchers believe that there's simply no scientific validity of claims that such trivial differences Constituent evidence of the existence of actual racial groups that differ to any appreciable degree in behavior or capability Nevertheless for better or worse For richer or poorer most people believe the idea of race in some of considered research and race differences to be useful So what does the research say regarding sexuality and here are some of the answers Although it says be Before reporting results of studies, let's look at the stereotypes of whites and blacks and comparison to black men for example White men are often expected to show less sexual interest to have started sexual activity at a later age to masturbate more often to have fewer extramarital partners and fewer partners overall Black men are thought to have larger genitals genitals to scorn for a four play especially kind of lingers and to be generally more viral Yeah, that's right viral As in making lots of babies like a vander holy moly feel White women are often thought to be more virginal than black women who are suspected of being more loose Overall blacks are thought to be more permissive and casual about sexuality than whites both an attitude and behavior So how do the stereotypes hold up are they myths first of the stereotypes or reality? They'd be describing general trends not to behave your volume individuals in the group That is even if black men really did have larger penises that would not be that any given black man had larger penis than any given white man For example like a guilty for example In fact you know something that just dawned on me finally see how you fall into some stuff once in a while How it all ties together now we know why mobile look guilty speak what he's jealous of Anyway, goes on to say you cannot predict the characteristics of any member of a group based on the average characteristic of that group For example men tend to be taller than women but most American women are taller than most Japanese men and even an America or in Japan You can find many women or taller than many of their male co-nationals. You following this I'm following Take notes in any event in a review of research conducted between 1938 and 1979 Martin Weinberg and colon William Stons of pricing support for some of these stereotypes Black Americans at least during those years truly did seem to display greater overall sexual autonomy and attitudes in behavior Then did their white counterparts this greater autonomy did not seem to result from social class But from an African American culture itself That is white Americans from similar social classes not display the autonomy of their black counterparts The differences between blacks and whites were also found to be more pronounced among men than among women In other words black and white men differed quite a lot whereas black and white women differed But to a lesser degree for example although black men and black women were more likely than white men and women to be engaged in Primeroidal sex earlier and more frequently only black men not black women were more likely to have done so with a greater number of partners Similarly both black men and women more more likely than whites who have had extra marital sex But only black men were found were done so with a greater number of potnus In addition the samples of black Americans appear to be more accepting of sex generally and report fewer sexual problems than whites. How do you like that? How to do it I mean if they reproduce in like crazy in the jungles of Africa they sure is how to know how to do it Without too much learning over there and without too much protects neither unfortunately Sex tended to be taken more and stride by the black samples as for penis eyes while this question seems absurd and has seen in this board mission in here To reports regarding sexual autonomy all these claims are made based on what's called self report data In other words nobody took cameras into black and white bedrooms They simply asked people about their sexual behavior however Americans are notoriously poor reporters of their sexual experiences Therefore the differences between blacks and whites simply to be a difference in accuracy and honesty and stuff reports A problem that plays studies of sexuality in general in other words people lie a lot about sex Just ask bubble Hill tight and none of your business There are only theories no facts to explain why whites and blacks different sexual matters However some earlier theories proved to be false for example was one thought the differences were the result of Social economics since blacks tend to come from lower social past and whites as mentioned However this does not seem to be the reason Weinberg and Williams believe that due to particular historical conditions of slavery and its aftermath Black Americans developed a distinct subculture that was not subject to the more realistic restrictions that emerge under controls of Traditional families and societies stolen from their own families nations and societies forced to marry or divorce raped and enslaved more realistic dictates were less from a established you follow in out of course yes Why were the differences more pronounced among men? Weinberg and Williams are you that black men are in the peculiar position of being outnumbered by black women In addition it appears that white women are more interested in black men than black women are interested in white men Should I read that again? I've heard that yeah go ahead it appears that white women are more interested in black men Then black women are interested in white men does black men have more sexual opportunities again refer to event or holy moly field There's their recession Secondly according to Weinberg and Williams white women have traditionally been seen as protected class Who form a contract with men in marriage whereby they give up independence exchange for protection support from the man White men therefore live in a cultural environment that restrains their sexuality more and provides more opportunities for getting into trouble Because of the degradation of slavery however black women were not so protected in their marriage contracts with men Were more subject to interference from whites therefore within black subculture men are less restricted in matters of sex Are these explanations reasonable and as perhaps one thing is for certain the series of research will continue when gender strong opinions and Passions for long time. It says well, there's a little bit of missing in there which really frost my ass, but we'll get to it one of these days You call that a penis Oh People are watching Women are staring on their green blue and green But I'm not sure Some say he's brainless Not much don't talk here Not much to look at I ain't looking this males just a little too much That's all the little too close His love is just a little too long What about they grown in I will be mown in your name He's got a really big travel trap So go to the screen if you let it have He's got a really big travel trap Fish and follow He's got a really big travel trap A grave like That fucking make me a just twist and shout He's got a really big travel trap A fish and follow He's got a really big travel trap He's got a really big travel trap He's got a really big travel trap Fish and follow Oh 33 or 560 here's the other story which fortunately is brief because we don't want to spend a lot of time on this We don't want to be like penis heavy on the show today It says everyone knows this story blackman have big Penises indeed if you were to believe some an African-American man has one that hangs to his knees The idea has been embedded in white consciousness for centuries and maybe a motivation behind some of the fear and hatred that black people have experience for so long And why would you hate somebody because they're I guess it makes them dangerous threatening yeah penis on V penis hate penis hate but is it true what asked here? It says according to the definitive The definitive penis size survey I guess they didn't take this in my swimming pool at the high school The definitive penis size survey says the average penis size is around 6.4 inches with 10.2 inches being the largest in the sample A survey found that blackman on average were only slightly bigger than any other man Now because these are statistics we're only talking averages here. It says rest assured there are blackmen out there We're hung like a donkey and of course there are white men also nonetheless You won't be guaranteed a trouser monster with every black man So where is the perception come from evolutionary scientists to point it out that blackman's penis is do not expand as much when he wrecked And thus are closer to their maximum size when flaccid a Caucasian man on the other hand experience Significant differences in likely between the erect and flaccid state The theory behind the states that white people have all been quarter climates where it was not necessarily Adventigious to have a longer tiger hanging at what that was tiger I'm gonna look it up right now. There's a new one for a TOD GER. There's a new one It was not necessarily advantageous to have a longer tiger hanging out in the snow constantly and danger of frostbite Thus the Caucasian penis evolved to be smaller when it was not being used blackman however had no such constraints And thus were able to let the old fellow swing free at all times all right is now swing free sweet cherry was nothing Amethyst song swing low As matter fact don't you've ever timed yeah time dolly Kingston trio hang down your head time dolly. I knew it draft tiger Pipom spread the Colorado while you're looking that up are you really looking up the word Absolutely, yeah, but That's your inquiry minds want to know we can learn something else. It's not even loving a clock yet That's all and be side the fact that Howard's even a bigger asshole than we thought See if it was me if I'm running at place already I would have an investigation In the what and I'd have that tape going on my desk I'd have everybody been at building listening that interpret grotesque comment it was made around the circa 715 this morning on WQA and by a big gapompas piece of turd How are we still in a budget? TOD GER about in the name of stick this man certain people on the station meaning of course The unmentioned of all one is saying things in the name of stick that if he was doing it someplace Somebody would put a bullet through his head and unacceptable in temperate comment the worst in the history of Talk radio of course I use the term talk radio loosely when you include him Stick to the play by place we'd are okay do something you know about because this year is how I name it Solidic Colorado have you found the tigeria? No, it's not online so we're going to the encyclopedias Maybe that maybe there is no such word maybe it was just like it sounded cute, but I I never heard a such a thing Tiger like old tiger old codger how the like Dodger how do you Dodgers doing tonight By the way, don't forget the local baseball teams playing the pod raise should be a big crowd on Tuesday night for that Especially like 100 degrees in the shade should be a trend see they need to stadium Oh, and I got a story on that too later on if we have time, but I doubt it I got too much good crap here today. I got a pile. That's just the shocking and FBI official said a pipe bomb found in a Colorado mailbox yesterday appeared linked to 16 others found in three Midwestern states Raising concerns that the domestic terrorism spree is spreading Boy We have a rather disturbing pattern where the subjects are moving west rather quickly at the iage and mark murshons said we're looking for somebody who is mobile Or moving mountains to determine who that is A resident found the device in a sandwich bag with a piece of folded paper in a small mountain community of Silly to Colorado about a hundred miles southwest of Denver. It did not explode Murshons said he didn't know whether the uh Now, where the hell did he all mark murshons? That's his name. He said he didn't know whether the paper found with the device was another anti government later Like those found with other pipe bombs the fact that the other devices were found in clusters Makes authorities fear that more bombs maybe deliver neariumurshons said postal carriers New Silly to been told not to deliver to close mailboxes, but that they could deliver to the homestron door in steam Also yesterday another mailbox bomb was found in rural Nebraska the eighth found in the state The latest Nebraska bomb was found near Hastings in the mailbox to somebody who'd been away for a week in authority said This one also think than is did not explode the latest bombs were found as hundreds of nervous letter carriers Return to work across the Midwest Mailed delivery had also been suspended Saturday and rural residents in at least four midwest states in Colorado We actually leave their mailboxes open or remove their mailbox doors as a safety measure How do you like that? Just over the last several months now seven eight months what it's been like I said yesterday first We had to worry about Antrax and every piece of mail in the mailbox and now we got to worry about a goddamn pipe bomb Because there's a lot of crazy crazy people running around on the loose did you find what was ever Hotjar no, but there is a site called Tajard dot com that Miguel found Which is about what penises? Yeah Really yeah So maybe it's like an internet penis Maybe there's not really such a word, but maybe on the internet they've got their own lingo Ben van mungolingo remember him used to pitch for the dodges I think and see there's dodges and dodges and all ties in now Told ya, but I tell you folks Don't forget we got the mad dog. How many of a one-gim man is one to three Hank Goldberg three o'clock Six thirty to pregame show 705 you're a team taken on the pod raise of pp park And you can't after baseball and the dirty boys join mark who are highly rated overnight number two the dirty boys between two and six At five sixty w q a m we just can't seem to get the morning show right so once again We softly advise if our crackhead chicken hop insulted that we apologize for that too And now five sixty w q a m proudly presents the mogen David show One at mull That they said could go in a hole m mogen David Good good good I forgot who I was Have what you name again felchie Oh Downy but you can call me tell me That is this year Locks Locks We're the baker Two shalties Stop Let's get back I've on fresh Nova That's why That's that That's why you're out get me coffee. I got a punch card full here for school I get a free cup Wait a minute. Oh, he's supposed to talk about sports Oh, yeah, yes I've never tell you about the time I had lunch with Joe Peppetone How about that? How are he can shuffle board team? They don't got that no more since when since they got rid of the rocket board She's on Colin's Avenue That's a good thing I bought the normal Jean rules I see the card Yeah Cracking band cracking Yeah I got you crack right here Bam What was that? I flip my wig You It smells bad in here like toe cheese So buddy, I say we do a nice remote from the festival flea market Sounds good to me Yeah, they got a lot of nice benches, dude Okay, let's go Okay But let's get out of here Yeah, I can use another vacation We got gas 1045 at 560 WGM Jefferson can reject the slave descendants The descendants of a Thomas Jefferson slave reputed to aborn several of his children Will not be welcomed into an organization for Jefferson relative to dammit And a close meeting Sunday the Montessente Association voted a continued restrict membership to Jefferson's descendants to his daughter's Martha and Maria That excludes descendants of Sally Hemings a slave at Montessente with him Jefferson is rumored to have at a Sexual relationship The association cited a panel of scholars who concluded there was insufficient evidence Who established Jefferson's paternity of Hemings children Let me ask you this. How come they didn't have it like an impeachment trial? For Jefferson? He had a wife you know Maybe he was all around with screw on the slaves course. They didn't have any CNN or MSNBC or Fox dang god But how come there was no impeachment for Thomas Jefferson? I don't know During the meeting Lusian trust got the fourth a supporter of the Hemings claims Display to photograph of a black man with a zipper across his mouth which he said John works junior a former Montessente or President email to him after the meeting works Eddie regretted sending the photo which he called in sensitive He said his intention was to remind trust could have a pledge association members made not to discuss damming's issue with the media I just sent this is reminded to keep his mouth shut works said I regret that it was a black face and have had a been a white face I would use that instead right The scholars committee that concluded there was insufficient evidence of Jefferson's paternity was formed at works behest DNA test of shown a male in Jefferson's family fathered Hemings son Estin But the study commission by works are given the Jefferson's younger brother Randolph was likely to find a pedico's on and I'm not See I think I'm right those dark folks can't catch your break Uh-oh Texas have been slightly less sensitive not as inclined to explode when the male Pipes found an amoreloid Texas up the device and so that's what we've learned so far They're obviously very concerned that this is happening very quickly that this person just is on the road and Has no plans of stopping anytime soon Leon and Beth it is the same person Rusty this person's been driving around quite a bit because what's some 300 more plus 300 some miles in between the last two sites correct Exactly, I mean it's 400 I'm not sure how far amoreloids from Salida, but I know Salida from Hastings is at least 400 miles So yes traveling very quickly of course the residents in Colorado have already A work alerted last night to keep their mailboxes open as well. Now. Let me ask you stupid question. How do they know it's the same person? I'm sure they don't right but if the bombs are all you know looking similar or whatever when they find them the ones that aren't detonated Yes, then maybe it's the same person It may be it's the same person. Maybe it's a group. Maybe it's not good-pert if they all look the same Maybe the group are like making them like by the dozens. I don't want to get anybody panicky But I'm just it's just another example of how the media rushes to judgment and you know this business about well He's sure moving around real fast maybe he isn't maybe he's not who the hell knows we don't know Just like all the latest reports about the Osama Yamama again, and he's he alive and he's hanging out there And the mountains by Pakistan between Afghanistan and Pakistan and is he doing this and is he doing that and is he is he and they still haven't found anybody and let me say it again They never would have found the unibommer if it's if the brother wouldn't have recognized the goddamn Messages in there that they've published it Never what have taken about six hundred years to find him right and I was only by a stroke of luck We don't find anybody we haven't found them all all mar we haven't found the any of these people We found out who killed cock robin no Speaking that priest who ran youth home and 70s accused This from the Boston Globe again. Boy, this is it's just a mind boggling a priest who ran the alpha omega home for troubled use and little During the 70s was accused yesterday of molesting 18 age boys all but one of them at the home or at a vacation house in New Hampshire The Reverend Bernard J. Lane was named in seven separate lawsuits filed in suffix superior court The arts dicey sub Boston had previously said a let me six cases of abuse involving Lane who is now retired in living in Barnes-thed, New Hampshire Two of the boys were not identified and their suit content that Lane said he had adopted them because their families were unfit and dangerous According to the suit Lane allegedly moved the boys into his private home in little tin and enrolled him in local schools. They just moved them on in After about six months the boys had Lane abandoned them and they returned to their families and a separate suit the boys say two other men In addition to Lane allegedly molested them Neither of them men the Reverend C. Melvin Sirat who succeeded later the alpha omega and Dr Scott Ward a former psychiatrist at the home when olives in Philadelphia could be reached for comment What is a lot of that going around Ward later face criminal charges in Philadelphia for allegedly abusing a teenage boy a Tony Nance lions who filed a suit said that Ward called one of the boys allegedly abused in Massachusetts to ask if he would appear as a character witness at the trial All can I read that sentence again? Could you please Jesus? Ward later face criminal charges in Philadelphia for allegedly abusing a teenage boy a turning-ance lions who filed a suit said that Ward called one of the boys He allegedly abused in Massachusetts to ask if he would appear as a character witness at the trial What is he supposed to say he liked it? He wanted it It wasn't so bad in the history of my life. I just he's supposed to you know go on the witness stand and say I wanted it. Yeah One planet David Lemieux no relation to myrio now 40 living in Leo, Mr said I don't think I pronounce him that right. That's one of those new England names Is that Lemunster? I don't know said later abused him an alpha omega when he was 15 though he's now married with three chillin Lemieux said the abuse led the struggles with drug addiction alcoholism initiatives of his own sexuality Lane stole away a good portion of my life said Lemieux the only alleged victim identified in the suits Lane was also accused of molesting a family friend from Walburn for four years starting when the boy was 13 Need the lane or his attorney could be reached for comment Alpha Omega's got had a contract with the state to house you'd who would run into trouble with the law Lane was removed from the home in 1978 after abuse allegations led to a state investigation he remained a priest until his retirement three years ago However the globe is reported that the state Department of Youth Services started an investigation in the lane around 1976 or 77 but the probe stall when Lane refused to cooperate and would not let a team of Investigators into the home The lawsuit's also named several defendants life resources ink and the alpha omega corporation both nonprofits life resources Alpha Omega's parent corporation And it goes on and on and where it stops nobody knows. I don't think anytime soon Amoralot Texas we got another pipe bomb this one did not explode Now it is interesting that the pattern from as compared to the first ones in Nebraska and Illinois and Iowa the ones that did explode the Eurasia ones another them have exploded Right do we have any idea why that is I think we're finding them without triggering them But I'm just speculating I don't I think the answer is we really don't know that's the answer I don't think the FBI knows course the FBI couldn't find you know a needle in a goddamn glass of water That's the FBI for you People in the news ABC appears ready to dump Bill Marr All right ABC is in discussions with comedian Jimmy Kimmel co-host of comedy sentules the man show anybody know who Jimmy Kimmel is yes co-host of the man show is he funny? Yeah Probably funnier than Bill Marr Okay Anyway, he sees in discussions with Jimmy Kimmel to serve as a host of a program that would replace Bill Marr and then it was trouble late night show Politically incorrect with Bill Marr court to several sources in L.A It was not known when former sure with Kimmel his host would take but ABC a unit of Walt Disney come Company a state it is decided to attract younger viewers to late night This was a primary motivation behind the network spin in March to boot David Letterman from CBS to a show that what is placed night line Kimmel would bring a niche following a niche particularly among many team to 34 demographic popular with advertisers many team to 34 Never let it be said Johnny Carson doesn't pay as that's even a half century later Bob sweet do the former king of late night TV when Carson McGeeow friends with magic tricks at the seven seas lounge in Omaha Nebraska One night nearly 1950s the W O W radio personality stopped by the vars hanging in $10 for campar Are those great colleges by the way? Yes, they are W O W O W W Sweet game the money after making bartender named Zim right out of I O you on an afghan Sweet kept the paper for years but eventually misplaced at figuring it was gone with a $10 Carson borrowed On a whim he recently wrote to Carson reminding the star not only about the loan but ribbing him about interest due The money was promptly mailed back to $10 with a note Bob in my opinion it was a no interest loans and silly Johnny Carson and that cute Yes, it is so at least he pays back his That's as small as they may be from years ago as opposed to some other people we know in show business who made millions in million Longest you don't want to mention names of course because that would be bad because I'm sure he's a very nice person even though I know him and he's not Spider-Man star Toby McGuire says the scene where he's hanging upside down in the rainwalk kissing coast our Carson Dunst wasn't much fun to shoot There was rain pouring up or down my nose I couldn't breathe and I was gasping for breath out of the corner of Kristen's mouth McGuire 26 and LA Corridor I was giving her mouth the mouth rather than kissing her but in the midst of that I was sneaking some pleasure out of it He'd be saying McGuire plays a science geek who becomes a web sling here after bite from a mutant spider William to folk well, I'm sorry. I always do that don't yes, you do Why do I do that? It's because I don't know anybody. I don't know anybody else name will him do you he's the only one his parents were well under fo Coastars has his nemesis the green goblin and Dunst plays the object of spider-man's affection and that movie is Gross, I mean it's gross and huge money which I'll get to that later on huge mechanic And I saw some of the clips from there and you know I guess if you like spider-man I never even like spider-man in the comics all that much. I thought it was adequate was it okay? It was fine not great, but okay not perfect I like dick the just crazy myself I think we'll take that pull one day. Maybe tomorrow Since spider-man is so hot right now Your favorite comic book Action hero now. I would dick Tracy being that category because I love dick Tracy You know that's a good question because I don't recall him ever having a comic book he was in comics strips No, I'm talking about comic strips. I'm not okay comic books in that case then sure You can remember that the crime stoppers thing they used to have that little Thing and with every your cartoon right Did you read dick Tracy? Yes, I did and here I thought you didn't know that and once you told just the other You don't know dick Captain Marvel and Prince valiant and spider-man and so many Now we can do like comic strip or like any of them there was rocket man course that was in the movies While I'd rocket man every Saturday at the cameo theater and Rochester They would have the the serial well what did what's her name call it in the other movie with James Khan Misery can't Kathy bates what did she call it? I think she did the game serial No, no she didn't calm cereals this something oh she had a funny well, you're right Yeah, the passion plays the something she had a name for a very funny name anyway rocket man was one of those and I loved it And used to have the thing on his back. You know it looked like oxygen tanks on his back and he would like yeah, he fly He flew a lot It's got to get me fired up when I hear someone say that The America's number one motion picture Planet of the ape's rakes in almost $70 million Opening weekend but the movie was not without its problems here's a scene and wound up on the cutting room floor Hey You're mocking mock No, no, no, no, I mean your Leo Davidson from the US Air Force No, you wanted a new kiss on the blocking No We should 1102 East up real quick 1102 at 516 WQM happy a Tuesday to here Spider-Man scales new box office I told at have this spider-man the latest comic book super hero to wind up and feature Phil's one at an North American box or a fishery with a record smashing 114 million dollar Halphaments first three days a release studio executive said on Sunday The film released by Sony Corpse Columbia Pictures trashed a three-year-old record of 90.3 million and said last November by Harry Potter and the source of roost stone You know, I'm sorry is it me? I understand why these huh What's your point now? My point is the movies that break all these box office records. I guess it's all like kid movies where the kids hardly It all seems you're absolutely correct movies are a youthful thing boy Spider-Man also broke the boy wizard's benchmarks for high single-day receipts and fastest to reach the century mark Said Jeff Blake Columbia's president of worldwide marketing and distribution Additionally Spider-Man posted record setting weekend bows in Malaysia single-port Thailand and the Philippines and will open in Japan the world's second biggest market next Saturday As the first major release of the liquid of summer season begins it sits a high standard for other Kimi anticipated movies including two other franchises star wars episode two attack of the clones may 16 and Austin powers in gold member to lie 26 though they find they got a name for that movie. Yes Spider-Man crushed the other movies at this weekend's box office two other new releases were still born I love that line the gang drama dooses wild open at number seven with 2.7 million while what he Allen's Hollywood ending began with 2.2 million tied at number 10 with Columbia's panic room still born These scorpion king which had ruled the box office last two weekends up to number two 9.6 million the 17 day total for the accident venture rose to 74.8 million dollars Spider-Man's about a high school geek play by Toby McGuire was bitten by a spider and soon able to scale walls and shoe webs from his wrist Cursed and dunce coasters his love interest and William to see I did it again God when you stop doing it What is wrong with you man you're an asshole? I think maybe most got a point Willem de foe Stars is the film is green goblin Sam Rayme directed a film which reportedly was budgeted between 120 and 130 million dollars or status was expensive film to make yeah what you could still gonna make a lot of money on a but not like it sounds The audience was evenly split between males and females and between viewers aged over and under 25 Like said an exit polls were bullish exit polls. They do exit polls now on movies not just live The critics were also enthusiastic as George he said it was okay I gave it a beat that's high for me Yeah, it is very high In other words you were bullish be as in bullish as in volishment It had all the bells and whistles and the latest technology, but it's also moved with a lot of heart and real romance at its core He added spider-man Saturday gross of 43.7 million dollars broke Harry Potter single day record of 33 and a half million also said on a Saturday and the new film reached a hundred million in three days On Harry Potter took five days to do that Yeah stick at Harry Potter, okay. What do you know? It grossed 31,000 plus per theater a record for film released more than 3,000 outlets 3615 in this case Blake said a script's already being written for the first of what the films producers Hope will be many sequels said Avi Arod CEO of Marvel Studios the Marvel Enterprise. How come they never made it? Will be out of uh Captain Marvel? They did In the 70s or early 80s and it was really bad He couldn't say Shazam right. Oh wrong Captain Marvel. I'm sorry You don't know Captain Marvel. Well there were two The old one and the newer updated Captain Marvel. Well, what does that mean? How do I understand? There was the original Shazam Captain Marvel and then there was an updated other cosmic Captain Marvel Who did who didn't say Shazam he didn't say Shazam he didn't have it well screw a him Who'd I would know? What do they didn't go to see that they've been a little kids who I believe in Santa Claus even those kids know That Captain Marvel says Shazam so they know about the idea A movie about the old Captain Marvel which would be nice by the way. They just had that TV series of few recall Anyway, Avi Arod CEO of Marvel Studios the Marvel Enterprise Inc. Unachars with turning its stable of comic book characters such as Blade and X-Men in the future franchises the world was waiting to see Spider-Man Arod said it's nice clean interesting character What else clean about a spider spiders are? Fah Teenage girls consider the film over romance the Nassupar hero film. Myoboys were drawn to dust and Order audiences to the special effects in drama. He said the boys were drawn to Dundst they wanted to see her naked. They wanted to see her boobies. They wanted to see her doing it Was there like any anything even mildly sexual in them movie? Well that rain scene that you were talking about with the water flowing up his eyes. I saw that they showed that on TV Yeah, she saw West by the way. He's extremely a sheer her dress is all clingy and everything that's pretty sexy But that's about as good as it gets and like I said he's extremely heavy. Yes, I'm extremely just he's a geek Speaking of how people look which of course is what the world revolves around because where that's just the way we are folks You can deny it you can lie about it there's more than life than looks like money maybe A Manhattan this is from the New York Daily News no less a Manhattan federal judge flipped through a penthouse photo Spread yesterday Before ruling the steamy snapshots almost certainly show a shapeally former model not Penis tempress and a cornajuda I have it in full color said judge Denny chin Who order who plays a mean chin ball by the way? Who order the magazine to stop distributing its tune issue? Which claims to have topless pictures of cornajjuda? After sending a secretary to buy a copy of the skin mag chin said the 12th photo is a purity picked Judith salt has been atten Who suit pen out yesterday for ten million dollars? Salt has been atten 28 who married in the been atten clothing fortune and I say in their writers event Betta on oh Well, he's never corrected myself nice going you I'm gonna says the pictures were taken seven years ago without her knowledge. How do you like this? That's how desperate they are at penthouse That's Bob Gucci on you, right? Yes, it is they are in trouble and we we've been reading they were in big trouble They're on a verge of going bust and so this is how desperate they are at penthouse is he's running Fake he's running stunt pictures of people famous people and Neither party knows what what else going on even a cursory glance at the sunbathing shots reveal that cornacova is not the sexy star of the pictorial a judge said and the judge knows his porno stars Okay, he knows his naked babes It's hard to believe any reason the will of server would believe they show her said chin referring to the ten page layout Pen out said insisted the pictures were definitely of cornacova, but lower back the way from the claim yesterday It appears penthouse may have well made him a stake said Victor Covner a lawyer for that magazine Cornacova denied being the woman pictured in the sexy photos and is planning a nice fat lawsuit of her own I'm going Anna even sure the money with Pavelle. He needs it So let me make him what nine ten minute in he needs it. He could use it chin yesterday branded penthouse reckless and ordered it to halt distribution of the junice You even though almost all the one point too many copies of it the new stance. Yeah cut it out now stop it too late The way penthouse is used this suggests to me it doesn't care whether it's true just that will help Salle issues said chin who said another hearing for a week from today next Tuesday Soeltae's been aton who's married to a tenant clothing here Rocco benetton my side Why do I keep saying it like it while it looks like benetton to me. It's got two teas and Rocco benetton William Duffo says the 12 snapshots were taken after she peel off her bikini top in Miami in 1995 Miami how do you like that at the root of every story where there's two molten Sorris and stuff like that at the root of everyone those stories that sooner later comes back to Miami She didn't know at the time that anyone at photograph here, but she says she started a specces She was the subject of the controversial penthouse spread when she heard about on a syndicated TV show last week The next day she said she picked up copy of the magazine at a at what airport you think Miami international And said she was stunned to see herself It's a fraud on the public but outrageous to my clients had judge bursting alert for soltez Benetton Benetton Besides her resemblance to the woman in the pictures soltez Benetton is more evidence a photograph of herself wearing the sun rest scene One of the penthouse shots the gorgeous woman in the pictures appears to be about the same ages corner Hold you is 20 soltez Benetton was about 20 bent bent at times about 21 when the pictures were taken Why do I have to keep saying that I'm called or soltez? Okay, I'm not sure that's right Coventy were former city corporation council refused to stay with the photographer was or how penthouse obtained the pictures Corner cova's rank number 68 of the women's tennis tour But his number one the hearts of male tennis fans she is now dating Latin pop star and rique a glacius after a stint with a hunky hockey Hunk Sergei Fedorov the Detroit ruins who's about as hunky is my little dog Hunky hunk hunk oh give me a break with that hunker. Maybe that's what they met He's got a hunky hunker Sergei Fedorov. They don't even mention pop love burying there How do you like that? So she's hanging out with Enrique you see the pattern developing here. I mean do you believe that with her and Enrique? Are you buying that? ah Yeah, likely story God, where do these people fool and evidently a lot of folks Problem is past eleven and five sixty w q a m Reverend Chandley arranging a rape case a flight she said that if Chandley could make bail Must have to do underpass board and see the issue. Would have to surrender his passport he would have to remain in the commonwealth of Massachusetts Also that he was not to have any contact with any children under the age of 16 and he was not to have any contact with any potential witnesses Well, what is that mean under 16 so in other words? If you can go to the local penny arcade and find some 16 year olds that's okay or seven time pedabody. Oh, is that? God that's America for you. There's justice baby Oh 118 at five sixty w q a m boy. They're up tight here. They are really up tight. Remember I was talking a few days ago about the Canadian psyche Right what an inferiority complex these people have it very sad because it's a great country a Wonderful people friendly people very progressive country, but they are so Like back to any Olympics when they had that big scandal with the Russians and the figure skaters and the French judge and all that business and when during the Hockey Games and Don Cherry who's a good friend of mine but a real xenophobic when these people are all screaming all the whole world hates Canada They hate Canadians and we're all laughing our ass off because all of the rest of us know that For better or worse nobody gives a flying crap about Canada right right it's America's hat nobody hates him nobody loves him nobody nobody even knows from him. Okay So on the the national post. Oh, this is hysterical headline story on a front page today US thinks little of Canada says pool A tendency to take the near neighbor for granted all at least it doesn't say US hates us like poison While Canadians embrace their southern neighbor that spelled any i g h v o u r as their closest friend and trading partner The majority of Americans dismiss Canada is almost irrelevant in economics and foreign policy According to a new poll of citizens in both countries Only a few of the Americans contacted for the if-sost-read poll provided to the national post identified Canada's their countries Greatest friend and ally more than half to his Britain instead and we talk about inferiority complex God they must know mo Americans also wonder estimate a Canada's economic importance the poll suggested the vast majority of Canadians 82% New the U.S. is our largest trading partner but only 14% of Americans pick Canada's their countries most important trading nation So in other words, you know Canadians are smart and Americans are dumb. Well, we know that Japan was a country named most often by the Americans surveyed follow closely by China The poll of a thousand Canadians in 791 Americans highlight a deep disconnect and how the two nations perceive each other It's a function of Canada's size and significance politically economically strategic in terms of the radar screen for most Americans Said Ronald Prusen professor of U.S. foreign policy and international relations in head of the history department at the University of Toronto a There's a tendency to take the near neighbor especially when that neighbor isn't very powerful or very threatening very much for granted He said Several observers said the views of Americans on Canada's political and military importance reflect reality while there must take and use an Economic role our clear case of ignorance in other words. They're stupid And you know we don't like stupid and that say it again stupid We don't like that on this show. We don't like stupid and fact people are stupid maybe should be shot like in the toe not pull it through the head Shot in the toenail maybe not pull it through the head I just mentioned that in passing okay mo use silly old fart you out of control lunatic Speak in a world man and here's one right around mosaics is a matter of fact in this story satellite beach Florida A $6.34 and plumbing bill nearly across a WW2 veteran the roof over a set are you familiar with this story? Nope another one of those wonderful Florida stories Before and alert friend notice James Provenzano 81 like I said about mosaic was almost depicted from a subsidized department because he neglected to pay for repairs a $6.34 and plumbing bill The friend paid the bill in the eviction notice for province onos home and garden apartment was rescinded The notice arrived on April 12 giving two weeks for payment it was paid on the 17th when they start doing things like that I get furious province onos said last week. I was furious. I was mad and probably because it wasn't nice Eviction proceedings are initiated if a tenant doesn't pay a bill regardless of the amount and does not ask for a hearing within 14 days Said Frank Chabber's executive director of reward family of housing authorities were a satellite beach up by Melbourne no idea I got a not well What is that all about You're supposed to be the one who knows all of this crap That's what I was trying to tell Greg when all the stuff was guys. I say I literally know something we don't know what it is yet But you know something Anyway, it's pretty straightforward Chabber said if the repairs because of negligence or caused by a tenant they have to pay for it Provanced onos said he had a leak from a kitchen drain which was fixed months later The notice that the eviction came showing it failed a pay the bill a $6.34. I got some advice for your old man Jimmy Pay it just pay it. Oh, it's paid okay. Don't be dicking around with a goddamn Whoever you deal with with the repair people just pay it could be in a deadbeat. So we're satellite beach Probably up by the cape They have all those pop names probably isn't good enough. Well, my map is probably isn't good enough. I have a crappy ass map That's what that the beneton abroad told me you know closest not a match, but you know Canaveral is by Melbourne the penthouse it's by what? Cape Canaveral is by Melbourne so I think you're right See I know where Cape Canaveral's been I've been there I've been to the beaches and Cape Canaveral which are beautiful I've been in Melbourne. I have a friend who was in Melbourne or used to But satellite beach that's it well if it's in Provard County. It's got to be right up in that neck of the with somebody We'll let us know somebody will call in look at that there people on the phone right now Calm to try to tell us where it is and Gilmo talked to him now He's on strike so let me just do a cubist to make him feel better All of this one won't make anybody feel better US concerned by cubist relationship with enemies the bush administration This is from USA today the bush administration said yesterday believes Cuba has at least a limited offensive biological warfare Program and maybe transferring its expertise to other countries hostile to the US We are concerned that such technology could support biological warfare programs in those states and under secretary of state John Bolton Bolton did not identify these nations, but no to the Cuban president Fidel Castro visited Iraq Syrian Libya last year all of which like Cuba are in the state department list of states sponsors of terrorism Bolton said all are attending develop weapons of mass destruction Bolton the state departments top down proliferation official called on Cuba to seize transfer is a biological weapons Technology to rogue states and to fully comply with all its obligations under the biological weapons convention His remarks are prepared for delivery to have the heritage foundation and ultra right wing Way off on a right conservative research group is what it says here way off on a far right Heritage foundation Bolton said that despite Cuba's membership on the terrorism list that nation's threat to Americans society has been underplayed For four decades, he says Cuba's maintained a well developed and sophisticated biomedical industry Supported until 1990 by the Soviet Union Bolton said see I'm always trying to tell you guys that we ought to talk more about Cuba and what a threat they are and Miguel always is ah, and I'm trying to forget about that stuff Did you find satellite beach? We're looking for it. We're both looking This industry is one of the most advanced in Latin America leads in the production of pharmaceuticals and vaccines that are sold worldwide Inlust and Cuba defectors have long cast suspicion on the activities conducted in these biomedical facilities. He said he noted official U.S. government report nineteen ninety a concluded that Cuba did not represent a significant military threat to the U.S. or the region Bolton said the Clinton administration may have overlooked Cuba's potential threat because of the influence of what he called the country's aggressive intelligence operations in the U.S He said this included recruiting the defense intelligence agency senior Cuba analyst Anna Bellon Montes to Spyford Cuba was that Montez Whatever he request Montez unless dance remember that song not as Montez not only had a hand in drafting the 1990 Cuba report, but also pass him of our most sensitive information about Cuba back to Avanna he said Montez was arrested last fall and pleaded guilty to espionage on March 19 How do you like that bitch huh? So I say it's time to invade Cuba. What do you say? Let's do it You're getting it over with already Epina you know before they get us we have them before they hit us Speaking of your health speaking of staying alive. I see I'm very dubious about this stuff because every few days Another one of these stories come out in you just have to know that the the people are pedaling these products are the ones who are promulgating all this Propaganda T. May help survive heart attack Heavy tea drinking and I thought that heavy tea drink was bad because of the tannic acid and tea That's what I was thought that's supposed to like tear your guts out But anyway now they're saying heavy tea drinking could reduce the risk of dying after heart attack Studies suggest shouldn't they be able to tell from the brits they drink a lot of tea The study of 19 under heart attack victim is found those who drank the most TV for their heart attacks about 19 cups a week Were 44% less likely than non-riggers to die in the three or four years afterward Moderate drinkers of those who had fewer than 14 cups had a 28% lower death rate the study looked at deaths from all causes not just heart disease I have to say the magnitude of the association we found between teed drinking and mortality and people's survival heart attack was pretty dramatic Certainly more so than I think I would have expected said doctor Kenneth Muckamall assistant professor medicine at Harvard Medical School Where their famous for doing a lot of these bogus studies the study was published in today's issue of the American Heart Association Journal Circulation Several studies have found their regular teed reekers. He never lower risk of heart attacks though remains unclear why Researchers involved in latest studies suspect the findings are linked to flavonoids and the Oxidon found naturally in various foods derived from plants T is a major source of flavonoids in the American diets We found that teed drinkers generally had lower death rates regardless of age gender smoking status Obesity hypertension diabetes or previous heart attack Muckamall said Alice looked in steam Why then don't they have a country named after her? At least a nutrition professor at tough universities said more research must be done before a Formulation chips established between tea and heart health She said there might be other aspects of the participants diets that could account for the results The researchers acknowledge and this is always the case that more study is needed in other ways They don't know what goddamn thing so anyway, they yes satellite beach is just south of cocoa beach right by Patrick Air Force base What did I tell you cocoa beach So they got the great beaches man beautiful beaches in cocoa beach. I'm going there right now as a matter of fact I'm heading for there. I'm gonna get on my surfboard and hang 10 centimeters God Leo Club are living in the back seat of a Camaro meet in my wallet to do it yourself Home dentistry kit my brothers cheating on me nine kids in a winner Bego It's not incest after their marriage Curious George in the hungry rotteweller and pots and soup for the soul the Jerry springer book club at boredom's books 1132 at 5.16 WQM We need some help from some of our stock broker friends out there in radio land that one in particular That's always facts me good stuff because I see the Dows up about 55 points, but the Nas deck which is just that's all vanishing all of text stuff is down another 10 or 11 points And there's no wait and so I just keep going down every single day in a low 15 hundred's and on a way to like who knows maybe a thousand All brekkie news from CNN I love when they're here Early word of a plane crash we're getting work in the associated press of an Egypt airplane that apparently has crashed according to the Associated press and Tunis Tunisia once again this would involve an Egypt aircraft an Egypt airplane And that's about all we have we're okay. Thank you That's it That's all they got and It could have just been an accident it could have been like something else or might not have been it could be this it could be that and let's have a big discussion about that on Talk back to Sabina three o'clock. Oh, that's you. Yeah. What do you think what do you think it was? You think it was like Sabata you think it's like some crazed loan around there and what about these pipe bombs? What about that? Huh? What do you think and what about that guy that flew into that building in Milan? Oh my god CNN the hysterical news network and of course the reason there are hysterical is because nobody's watching them anymore People are watching fox which is kind of scary, but at least it's an alternative in the watching MSNBC not that many of them though, which is why they're changing their lineup all around And they're just they're watching other stuff. You know like tonight is Tuesday so none of the clock could be watching smallville I guarantee everybody connected with this show. We watch in it I will be yep McGill be watching it Gotta check out Ali is not to Alien he ain't here no more. Okay, get over like I said forget the cube of stuff when you please Yeah, we got nine o'clock. We got the small villain and I of course no important hockey game We got some of the other stuff going on, but you know we can wait till tomorrow for another desperate losing hockey performance by the Leafs And that's okay, you know, they'll get it over with already enough is enough. It's almost June for Christ's Man passes their port security with guns All right In New Orleans, no less isn't the funny how they really are the smagmas seem to like good drift south It just kind of like you know You can just see it in the streams and in the emissances to be river and Man carry two loaded handguns to a security checkpoint at Louis arms to can you believe that I never even know there was such a place Louis Armstrong International Airport on Monday, but was arrested at random check before boarded or flight to LA I've been into Orleans for in so many years and I'm think I ever flew there anyway. Did you I've never been to New Orleans? Oh good man, believe me. That's one of the highlights of your life is the fact you've never been there. What a turlet God in fact when you steer that flushing sound on all in a family when Archie would go upstairs That was no leans used to hear a Turlet That's the one FBI special agent Julian Gonzalez said the semi automatic handguns were fathered the man's backpack at the condon and Airlines gate at Louis Armstrong International Airport I wonder if you have to wipe your forehead over there when you go there in zreal hot Man Carlos Steven's dirty city worked for no limits records until investigators He needed the guns in his work according to acting US Attorney Jim Letton But I don't think they're letting them do it again. However Roy mom Junior a joy I'd lawyer for no limits. It's Steven's is not a play by the company, but it's an independent contractory's work with no limit Steven's with charge with attempting to carry weapons aboard near crap Steven's carry the guns through an extra security Checkpoint run by St Louis based Huntley USA Corp Airport officials said a call to homely was not immediately return it again I can see this a massive failure whoever's responsible is messing up terribly Letton said as they keep letting them through there with the weapons again Only just a random check today actually find the guy had the guns before I got on a plane They're doing a hell of a job So speaking of getting all choked up about the stock market not that I want to talk about it because I know it's boring and very depressing Maybe some of our experts out there because it cuz you see in somebody stocks like Oracle and Like a son which we were you know son is like under six dollars now. I think it's around six bucks six bucks A bargain and and Pama course, which I have a Schmidt load of palm like two bucks in change and small change And you have to begin to wonder whether some of these companies are gonna go out of business Whether it's not a good idea to just dump it for whatever you can get out of it now while it's still getting is still good Whether the somebody a lot of these companies is just gonna go bust like maybe even Cisco and Oracle for crying out loud Which Oracle is about huh? Oracle's about eight bucks now I mean everything in anything connected with tech anything anybody who even knew a somebody with a tech industry Automatically it's just in the toilet single digits most of the stuff and close to it Nokia a well all of it So we need to inquiring minds one and all maybe you'll fax is something 305 650198 not then necessarily we're gonna take your advice but least you know a little pet on the head would be good 305 65. Oh 190 because we're not taking any calls are we no absolutely not Absolutely positively not Hey, by the way for some of you hot babes out there which we know we don't have listen Fox looking for talented Miami Beach Brittany wannabes here's your chance This from the Harold no less so there's a chance it might be true Fox TV is looking for talented 16 to 24 year olds to audition in Miami Beach to compete that they never knew TV series American Idol the search for a super star premiering June 11 A panel of judges would evaluate each town each individual on talent ability looking style to come up with a short list of contestants to perform on air weekly The home audience although weekly via phone for their favorite contestant and his or her future status as an American Idol Oh his or her Okay, open additions will be at idiom Saturday at the font blue hotel 4441 Collins Avenue Miami Beach Parents please accompany youngsters under 18 priest will not be allowed in Auditions will be featured during the premiere show of the June 11 on Fox for addition rules and requirements visit www.fox.com slash idle How do you like that? 8 16 to 24 year olds being Miami Beach Saturday 8 a.m. at the font blue hotel 4441 Collins Avenue, I mean if you think you're hot If you think you're talented if you think you're both the above you're probably not George is gonna be there like done just hang out Check out the scene see you as number if I wanted to arrange an appearance it would be good as a reporter Yeah, we're probably gonna I would bring a few sandwiches over there something like that. I'm but she'd want to take a peek Hey, it's Howard how it dated Yeah The full that West Bank said hey Working on his play and every night in the day while he was talking y'all so asleep And dreaming about those team Palestinian The deal is peace and concern Oh I'm 44, by the way, maybe I want to reveal a leave a message for the old man in a morning the grumpy old man that politically corrects his out and long has been politically incorrect is in not the show because Bill Maher has been in the terrible show, but politically correct his definitely much more in than it ever was before politically correct is out its old it's outdated it's outmoded only old for old folkies want to be politically correct 367 votes on our survey today speaking of politically correct do you have any problems with Neil's comedy bits or comments about race we asked today in the wake of the in tempered grotesque remark that was made about 715 this morning on the old Howard show about in the guys of stick I'm saying these horrible things on the air and if they were done in any other market I would certainly have a bullet in the head I scorn airmo brilliant I say instances pension least still football season starts no mistake about it do you have any problems with the Neil's comments about race in the comedy bits uh no on Howard David is an asshole is leading the ways it has been from the get go 159 votes on that no they're funny is hell 136 votes yes he's a racist 47 but down to 12.8% now on that would think I'm a racist in addition with let me ask you is there something wrong with being a racist no not really least wrong and then no I and I always said that that I have a problem I have a problem with dark folks because they're just too many dark folks where I scumbags that does make me a bad guy because I have the balls to say that okay some other people just want to sugarcoded everything just like talking about but see they can say I'm sure he's a very nice man he's not a nice man he's an asshole he's an asshole he's a game player he's a liar he's devious he makes all kinds of dishonest backdoor deals he went right in front of congress and lie through his teeth about the baseball owners losing all that money but I'm sure he's a very nice man why why say that you know all this old funny that he's stuff about well if you can't say something nice about somebody yeah that's pretty entertaining let's just do a nice show from now on and see how many people will continue to be listening who would help wants to be nice it's one thing to be nice and real life this is a radio show and this old man still don't get it anyway might get worked up again about that little bit hey I got news for if I was his grumpy and grouchy in the binotoshapis this guy gets about little my new shell like those emails I already have the lawyers on a guy they're in phone I'd be calling the FBI I mean here's a guy that's like uh I don't even want to say it you know I'm you know I'm thinking right now no well good but that's right you got to stay out of it you just you just got to reprieve anyway they're funny is held 139 yes these are racist 47 12.6% and now I agree with this comments in the comedy but it's 25 so like 80 uh what 88% almost 87.5% 373 I just mentioned that in passing okay because we're not thin skin on this show we even give the audience every now and then just like on this pool a chance to take a little shot here in here no not not that kind of a shot howard not that kind of a shot you maniac you lunatic you just obsessive silly hair-to-old man with your lime green pants pontificating with a social commentary about the day I yeah see I would like to follow somebody that I could really get excited about look at the way with Rick and Sudge the way we bonded there and even though you know they were okay when they were doing the mornings and I come in an hour really we would bond look at the uh little spill over the hand can I had their little cross over and to a clock that was fun because Hank and I love each other okay we like each other a lot I'm not talking about you know we're too big to love each other that way and Hank's got too many hookers online but the fact of the matter is we're good friends like uh on the air anyway nothing we go on eat together like hang out of the strip joints together but the fact of the matter is I like Hank and he likes me we get along just fine and spite of all the ask his knits or another people are trying to do to him which it ain't having no effect by the way mo it has no impact he's unimpressed and by the way sure if Dave Johnson so as Dave Johnson unimpressed with you and your hairpiece anyway did I make my point three cats dismissed against X-Doff and Star and Arson case see I try to play it fair in other words I don't just bring the stories on when some jok or X-Dok is got you know if he gets off so to speak score score it will be delighted to put it on although it's still in limbo four lotterdale says the son sent a circuit judge Joe Lazarus on monday dismissed three charges fire bombing attempted murder and attempted aggravated battery against former army to often the safety gene at conciting a lack of evidence the only remaining charges left against acquins is solicitation to commit a fire bombing a third degree felony punishable by up to five years in prison he had faced a maximum of ten years on the four charges how come we haven't any facts as yet from our stock broker friends like the guy Raymond James I don't think they understand what the question is the question is is it time to dump all of those like uh like uh uh shit ricks and the Cisco and uh and all of those what was the other one's i mentioned oracle son are they gonna go out of business is what i'm worried about and i'd like to get something out of me before they go bust because the next act seems to be uh having a hole in it just like my portfolio it's like a siv you keep putting water in it keeps leaking out the bottom there is no evidence of direct participation Lazarus said he also said there was no evidence that met the reasonable mind standard one on which most people would agree that that can do an advance about the crime Lazarus will probably be asked by the prosecution to reconsider the dismissal of three counts when trial resumes today early in the day yesterday heck incidentally in court ever asking anyone to fire bomb or otherwise harm is ex-business partner at consunt trial at a bribe county court room for attempted second to be murder and related charges stemming from the April 1998 fire bombing in suburban Miramar testified about 20 minutes in its own defense defensive attorney Fred Hadad and gaged that consen a rapid fire question answers session about the early morning attack with mild-to-off cocktails that left the home of Alfred Simmons in flames it was flaming. Atkins said he supplied the money for the construction partnership and Simmons atkins college roommate brought the know-how and contacts the business folded months after Simmons left to join a rival firm in his denial's atkins contradicted testimony of three prosecution witnesses that he hired them to mess up Simmons and revenge for leaving the construction business that to its started around 1996 they three men were convicted in a fire bombing but he liked that and Tony O'Halloway on Tony O'Hallow it isn't now here it's printed entiano now that can't be right can it never heard of that before no once a dark name I know they butcher those names and see there he goes again and Tony O'Halloway served the year and wasn't it sweet scene on Tony O'Hallow that's right you'll see it today down there on NBC the Antonio calls uh pilar today calls mama sita from a vermuter where we're going to hang out just as that guys about to shoot him he's everybody's getting shot these days get ready to shoot him and share it in that guy for because he's pissed off I'm going to get even revenge for something that we don't know about yet that's on passions for those of you who don't have good taste in a watch and TV or busy wasting your time watching stupid stuff like meet the press I'll tell you one thing that Tim Russell he ought to be red in the face you know for the way he's sucked up on a cantilever church thing who are you kidding Tim baby who are you kidding huh huh here's another one which how come nobody's talking about this and tracks guarantee Lewis that's right let me say it again and tracks guarantee Lewis authorities are investigating the possibility that a white powder inside a letter opened yesterday and the Thomas E. Golden federal building at downtown say Lewis might be anthrax we ran a task force over there for an anthrax gear said fire department kept in Bob Heinakey the letter was postmark indicated been sent from out of state was open at one p m in the building central mail locations had done hines chief public affairs for the west marshal service in Washington emergency protocols went into effect the appropriations he's been notified has mad fire public health he said they were on a scene conducting investigation yesterday but evidently since we have a number about sometimes it takes a couple days right at least like everything else we just don't know not that we should be coming on glued by this but it just seems to me that when it comes to things that the government ought to know about we just don't know like where's uh oh some of your mama's he's still alive we don't know where's this lunatic that's putting the pipe bombs in a mailboxes all over the uh west and now in Texas today and I'm a real no no yeah we don't know how's uh Ted Kazinsky doing well he's called his brother up until his brother still the beans we didn't know about that either come and listen to my story about a man named Ted a Harvard graduate here in Voices in his head and then one day he was feeling kind of weird he moved to Montana and proved himself a beard crazy that is cycle path strange eyes well the first thing you know Ted begins to prove can both said Ted that's a unit of bomber dude said California's where the trials gonna be so they loaded up the shack and moved it carefully exhibit jury port weird smells his lawyer says that Ted's the craziest did you don't believe it just read his manifest Ted says he did it cuz he hates technology and that's why he mailed all those people tNT male call letter bomb looking cook well now it's time to sing about it Ted his defense and he would like to thank you folks of pain the expense you're all invited back again to physical caliphate to buy the first decision of his son of a beat suit to be a movie hb oh jerry spirit y'all tony now you hear and speaking I've I don't know guess why we're not getting no facts from our friend of Raymond James I don't know the other brokerage pew that's right they don't know they don't know maybe they don't like him any advice because their fam gonna rip them an ass on the air if I like sells his score a son and they wind up going up in about six months to like triple what they are right now or quadruple or like up to a hundred bucks see nobody knows the trouble we've seen with all this chicane with a so-called investment crap and that's what it is it's a pile of crap all all citrus is gonna do this and this one's gonna do that and he's our great companies they're not gonna go out of business and that was part of the line for my old friend midchurch oh these people are gonna go out of business so they said what he worried about it always comes back right how's it doing right now and I didn't mention it okay Mitch Dallas now is it come on flip flip that thing on air flip at you jackasses or the S&T is up point 22 22 cent what we do baby the now's up 52 but of course the down's only 30 stocks let's see that we don't care over the next next on as the actually down four and a half let's have a party let's rekindle a goddamn QM ratings party then as the actually down less than five points down maybe coming back today might make about 23 cent in fact it seems to me the last time that as that had an update which is like one out of the last 18 something like that it was up about 23 cent or 36 cent I'm pretty sure that because I remember the day boy I don't want to get people all the other shape just because the fact we're watching our money vanish and more you keep putting in there it just keeps falling out the bottom and I'm not talking about putting more in these stocks but no matter what you put it in the total value of your portfolio keeps vanishing and vanishing and vanishing because every day just keeps disappearing nice going air w you doing a help a job of the economy baby just a few more tax cuts for the rich people let you do it my me cop charge with stealing and burning on squad car a city my me police officers have been charged with torching his own police car which was found burned after reported at stolen Dave County police said in addition to arson Kenny Carpenter 39 was charged Friday with tampering with evidence and official misconduct for the April 25 report Carpenter bought it out of Dave County jail Sunday for 15 grand said jail spokeswoman Sean Ragavan Carpenter Sean Raghan Carpenter repeatedly changes statements about the incident and had asked the investigating detective to ignore his previous statements Dave police said and assistant public defender was at the bonhearing but the office said that yesterday Carpenter would like they have his own attorney of future hearings city of mommy police spokesman Delvish masterford questions on a case to mommy day detectives yesterday Moss and Dave police spokesman Ed Mun said they didn't know why Carpenter would torches police car Carpenter statement to police following his arrest will not be made public for another three weeks months said what that would that be all about that's interesting Carpenter first told city police that the white nineteen ninety eight tourist complete with shotgun pistol and lights was stolen from in front of his house in the kind of area for twenty-third the car was found a day later burned away hawk that's what it says you burned to a hawk it's not the west of seventeen thv152nd street in unincorporated the county patrol by mommy day I'd like that he burned his own patrol car but maybe in three weeks they'll tell us and maybe not just like you said we don't know like fifty six at five sixty w come are we getting any more facts is there maybe your fact machine is working because I'm sure the four renowned James still getting bull crap from chronic facts or is that nothing good nothing good about the stock market nothing good about anything see you can't get any advice you can't get any guidance you can't get any council reject we're just been turned to drift here with all our money like down the toilet and any hopes of getting it back or forget about it just kiss it goodbye I want to bang you in the butt honey what you don't have to go down to get what you got or come on to bang I think all to me you're going to tell me whenever I'm in town I listen to wait a minute I am in town don't step on it i'm in the I can't drive strained I hear my heart is by the moon, yeah, I have a cycle on it. Yeah, my heart is long, cycle on. Yeah, my heart is long, cycle on. Yeah, I can't stop, I can't stop. Maybe it's a big part, maybe it's a big part. I can't stop, it's a life, it's a life, it's a life, it's a life, it's a life. It's a life, it's a life, it's a life, it's a life. There all around, there being around, there all around. You You I'm gonna go to the beach, I'm gonna go to the beach, I'm gonna go to the beach, I'm gonna go to the beach, I'm gonna go to the beach, I'm gonna go to the beach, I'm gonna go to the beach, I'm gonna go to the beach, I'm gonna go to the beach, I'm gonna go to the beach, I'm gonna go to the beach, I'm gonna go to the beach, I'm gonna go to the beach, I'm gonna go to the beach, I'm gonna go to the beach, I'm gonna go to the beach, I'm gonna go to the beach, I'm gonna go to the beach, I'm gonna go to the beach, I'm gonna go to the beach, I'm gonna go to the beach, I'm gonna go to the beach, I'm gonna go to the beach, I'm gonna go to the beach, I'm gonna go to the beach, I'm gonna go to the beach, I'm gonna go to the beach, I'm gonna go to the beach We're there baby, our channel That's when the Land Ofes where it wasn't yours You know just Saturday during the running of the Durby they were like um with the 25th anniversary of Seattle the winning the derby 1977 and the head of these features they were showing us the three races etc. and so on. Guess what happened? All right, back surgery he died. He died? Yeah. Seattle slew dead at 20. Oh, hey. Of course even Georgia remember Seattle slew. Sure. You've heard the name. Absolutely. Written by Frenchman John Kruget. The Frenchman. Hey, he was a jockey and of course everybody was a little bit nervous about him because he was known to be a little bit erratic. And after he won the first two legs, the prickness and the the Kentucky derby and then the prickness. A lot of people said, hey, he's definitely a cinch to win the triple crown as long as the Frenchman doesn't fall off. That was the joke as long as he doesn't fall off. And then of course during the stretch run as he was several lengths ahead in the Belmont and on the way to the triple crown as they approached the wire, John Kruget stood up in a saddle and raised the whip to salute the crowd and everybody held their breath. Exactly. Just like that. Seattle slew dead at 28. Oi. Pean on our parade. Sorry about that. Sorry. I've always got to give you bad news. Here's something that's pretty interesting that I've been holding on to for several days and I appreciate this being facts to me and probably whoever facts it said, well, what, what, what are you going to read this? No facts is yet on the stock market, huh? No. Look at all the times that I didn't want any advice that I was saying I'm never going to put another dime in my life into market and look at all the times I was getting those taxes unsolicited from our good friend, especially the guy at the Raymond James and associate stockbrokers. Maybe they were all in jail or something. Maybe all the stockbrokers are in jail together. Oh, we can only hope. I'm sure not that guy. All that we'd never know. But now that I'm asking for advice, should I get rid of this? Should we all dump it? Should we get rid of our Cisco? Should we get rid of our shithrikes? Should we get rid of our son, palm, all of these things? Nothing. Nothing. That's okay. But anyway, the following is a letter read by author Claire Bras Valentine at this year's celebration of the muse at Cabrio College. Are you know where Cabrio College is? No idea. Neither do I. Anyway, it's worth knowing that the author is a woman of 60 plus years, conservatively dressed and obviously quite talented. It's an open letter to John Ascroft, a training general of the United States. It says on January 28, 2002, a training general John Ascroft announced he spent $8,000 of taxpayers' money for drapes to cover up the exposed breast of the spirit of justice and 18 foot aluminum statue of a woman that stands in the Department of Justice's Hall of Justice. John John John, you've got your priorities all wrong. While men fly airplanes into size skyscrapers, dive on the Pentagon while they stick explosives into their shoes and then book a seat right next to us. While they hide knives in their luggage, steal kids on school buses, take little girls from veds at night, drive trucks into our state capital buildings while our president calls dangerous men all over the world evil doers and devils while we live in the threat of biological warfare nuclear destruction and isolation. You are out buying yardage to save Americans from the appalling, alarming a vulnerable aluminum alloy of evil, the terrible 10 foot titty. You might not be able to find bin Laden but you sure is health on the hood or in the hologestus. It's not that we aren't grateful, but while we're begging the woman of Afghanistan to not cover up their faces, you're begging your staff members to just cover up that nipple to save the American people from that monstrous metal memory. How can we ever thank you? So in your office every morning in your secret prayer meeting, while an American woman is sexually assaulted every six seconds while anthrax floats around a post office and settles in the chest of senior citizens, you've got another chest on your mind. While American sons arrive home in body bags and heat-seeking missiles fly around a foreign country looking for any warm body, you think of another body. And you pray for the biggest bra in the world, John, because you see that breast on the spirit of justice in the spirit of your own inhibited sexuality. And when we see when we women see our grandmothers, our mothers, our daughters, our granddaughters, our sisters, ourselves, when we women see that statue, the spirit of justice, we see the spirit of strength, the spirit of survival, while every day we view innocent bodies dragged out of rubble and women and children laid out like thin-limbed dolls and baptized into death as collateral damage. And the hoload Afghani mothers milk has dried up underneath her burka in famine and shaman or children are dead at her breast. Why do you look at that breast, John? That jugg on the spirit of justice, and deal with your thoughts of lost insects and nakedness, we see it as a testimony to motherhood, and you see it as a tit. It's not the money it caused, it's the message you send. We've got the right to live in freedom, we've got the right to cheat Americans out of millions of dollars and then just not want to tell Congress about it. We've got the right to drop bombs night in day on a small country that has no army, no navy, no military at all, because we've got the right to bear arms, but just we better not even think about the right to bear breasts. So now, John, you can be photographed, I just stand there and talk about guns and bombs and poisons, but not the breast appearing over your right shoulder, or not that bodacious bosom bothering you, and we just wanted to tell you, in the spirit of justice, in the spirit of truth, John, there's still one very big boob left standing there in that picture. Pretty good, huh? Yeah, let's hear it for Claire Brass Valentine at Cabrio College, where would it have had? I'm saving that over my column of stuff to save, which I don't have that many of that I save. Any stock market stuff in this stuff that your fact in here is his all crap. I normally win a fat drug thing, but I thought this begged to be fast, and he listens to the show mad drug. He's probably looking for a little publicity here, can't hurt. I thought he took thousands of stations. Oh, this is the only thing that you fact is a bunch of like, oh geez, I thought we had some good stock advice on here for Kranowla. Oh, yes, stock broke is out there. No one you've got in the hiding. You assholes, you grave robbers, you you hoxers of crap. You direct mysters. Anyway, in the drug report, which you write, we seldom do read because he's a silly person. He's a silly lady. He says, made dramatic reversal from normal radio practice. Stations are being paid big bucks to carry Bill O'Reilly's new nationally-syndicated talk show. The drug report can out of disclose, O'Reilly's radio flagship in New York City, W-O-R, alone is being paid 300 grand according to sources, just to carry the cable stars radio program which launches tomorrow. By the way, did we find out what Stations carrying it in the South Florida or if I'm just carrying it? No, no. Difficult at clearing O'Reilly in the Washington DC market raised the payout price to 200,000 agreement to win scientists, a payout that was rejected by all major stations in the region. How do you like that? I like it. It is not known if K ABC and LA was awarded a cash to run the daily program. In Senifstakurio, O'Reilly came after syndicator Westwood-1 and fitted a viacom, which is all together, had trouble placing the controversial TV host and bestselling author. Unlike his targeted radio competitor, Flush Limbaugh, who's never paid attention to paid stations to carry his, but that's not right. Oh, no, no, no. When Russia Limbaugh was on QAM, they were paying the station to carry it. I know that for a fact. I know that for a fact. So once again, Matt Drogs, who came up with Tom Jika. Unlike Lush Limbaugh, who's never paid stations to carry his broadcast, which is incorrect. Rightly launches this week under a cloud of controversy, says Matt Drogs. This is not precedent in the spoken word format of commercial radio. Note that they broadcast executive or personally rejected nor widely offer, but a source posted the Orally No Spin Team explains, this is simply money for marketing. As first reported in the space last November, Fox News host Orally has been planning to join the Radio Awards. Initially, the denying a deal was a foot months later or while in syndicator Westwood-1 struck a deal. The radio factor with Orally is the biggest launch in the history of talk radio to air record 25 radio stations nationwide, trumpeted a business via press release issued by Orally syndicated this week. Stations ready to air the program include W-A-I-T-N-Chicago, W-T-C-K-C, I can't even say K-T-C-T San Francisco, K-R-L-D-N-D-L-S, and W-A-L-K in Atlanta, which I never heard of in my life. I scored in our math drugs, but a bad mistake because the Limbaugh people did play the P-W-Q-M to carry it before went over to wherever it went. I-N-Z-I-D, where we want to. So you need a lot of people making a lot of mistakes, so tell you that. Twelve minutes after noon at Q-M-Doch, you'll make a mistake this year by sending flowers to mom again from others' day because it's old, it's stale, you know? It just keeps getting bigger. The story that rocked on beach in the world. Uncle Ted did throw us some boxer shorts, but screws up bark and rage with some babes. Excellent. Our money, women, and co-ntay. Uncle Ted did let use our interest to splash in a freshly-based and do the wild thing in the compound. No way, Bill. Just wait, Jack. Excellent. They're rich, they're powerful, they like this women naked. Oh, wow. They're gonna be Smith and Ted Kennedy and Bill and Ted's ex-floor adventure. Hard to the next genitalia. Excellent. Coming soon to a new venue. Pretty next. Excellent. Thank you Paul. Callcaster Noah and one of the two great bits he ever did in his life. One of the original ideas, one of the two he ever had in his life. How's John Rondo? Is he okay? What's wrong with? Nestle's turtle, baby, so I went to my dominion yesterday. I got some very good news for you. Yeah, now you can imagine in a big, beautiful brand-new supermarket that has, that's got like a, about like a dozen different parts of the store where they have freezer compartments with all kinds of frozen like peaches and vegetables. Everything, desserts. So the ice cream, my area is like enormous huge. But the good news is they only had Nestle's turtle and half gallons. Lucky you. No, I'm a died-in by it. But probably in the half gallon, I probably wouldn't be here right now. I would have brought it home and edit. But they do have it. And why would that be? I wonder. I think I guess to get the smaller containers, you have to go like to convenience stores in little dinky places to get little dinky sizes, only one liter, which is more than a quart by the way. I just mentioned everybody down there has been trying to find Nestle's turtle and you won't find it because it's not down there, right? Can't get it. No, half a gallon though. I guess I could like, you know, eat a little bit of it at a time, like a little bit. Yeah, sure. No, I wouldn't. Command O'Cody, I think, was the real name of Rocket Man. When I'm going to take that survey either tomorrow like someday about your favorite action figure, cartoon comic book, Serials. No, no, no, no, no, we figure was it the passion plays? Was that what she called it? You know what? I think you're right. The passion plays. I mean, well, what does that mean? Passion plays. They were, there were Serials. They were like 15 minute little Serials. They were continued every Saturday. There was a Superman one and Rocket Man, which I think it was really officially called Command O'Cody. Maybe somebody will fax me that answer too, but I don't think so. I think so. In fact, now it's only been used for crap from what you're telling me. Got a nice Wall Street article here. No advice. Just talk her up there. No, I don't want articles about Wall Street. I don't want stories. I don't want exposs. I want advice. I want information. The audience, I'm sure there are a lot of people out there who are like crap in her pants. Let's see the dows up. 88. Let's hear from the dows. Oh. Oh, look. Suming that from all of that information, they were able to glean something. John Heldernend is type bomb suspect. For sure, all they're saying is we are interested at this time in talking to the we being law enforcement. Interested in talking to him. And again, he has not been charged. And Kelly oftentimes law enforcement will have a list of suspects, a list of people that they essentially track based on previous run-ins or previous experiences was this a man who was on that list. Do we know? I do not know about. Okay. So I tell you we're not alive in Washington. There's a whole lot we do not know, but certainly Kelly, when I cut you loose so that you can able. Yeah, cut or loose. Luke John Heldernend is type bomb suspect. Does that mean they got him in custody? Twenty-two years old is that right? That's right. Why dark hair blue eyes until? Okay, hum the cord with Minnesota. Green eyes. I'm sorry, Bill Green eyes. We don't want to get that right. We don't get that right. Thank you Kelly. Come back when we get more. Okay. So obviously they don't have him in custody yet. But Luke John Heldern, Heldern, Heldern named this pipe bomb suspect. Oh, the next act. Five and a half point. Oh, like I said, don't semi-enate advice. Okay. Ha ha ha. Oh, man, investing my ass. What did I tell you? Wasn't I the one guy that had the balls to sit? It's not investing. It's gambling. There's no more investing anymore in America. It's gambling. Wild, highly speculative gambling. Only for people who got lots of money to lose. Speaking of losing money, what about a vagus story? Sounds good to me. The mobsters who brought Las Vegas to life may soon be called upon to save its sad old downtown. Bugsy Seagull and his boys are long gone and organized crime is the last thing the saltons of these scrubbed up strip one to talk about these days. But Las Vegas Mayor Oscar Goodman has just suggested that the city start showcasing its sort of gangster era by opening a mob museum. Boy, a lot of people here want to forget the pastor keep trying to erase them. He said, but I've never been ashamed of where the city came from. We ought to bring back some of the mystique. I think he's got a good point, you know what? More than just a museum. Yeah. I mean, the mystique, I think is what it's all about. That's why everybody loves the godfather. There's that or they, the family thing and the, uh, the, uh, the conciliary, the whole organization of the family and the food and the throwing your sausages and the meatballs, all these things, you know, and the church and the baptizing counties baby weather blowing everybody away. Yeah. That's what it's all about. That's why everybody loves the godfather. It's the mystique. It's the mystique. It was I suggested to mold this morning, mystique it up your ass. Anyway, it goes on to say. Goodman, I celebrated lawyer who spent his career defending underworld figures before being elected mayor three years ago. The kind of guy who likes to sip martinis and his shiny suit and dream up ideas is crazy enough to work. And this one could be a beauty. It says, I think it's a winner. Las Vegas is luck would have it is about to take control of a 70 year old federal building. That's an architectural gym and it's only a few miles from the vibrant strip in a very corner of downtown that most tourists avoid and that city leaders are desperately trying to be vitalized. Yeah, downtown to me. I mean, I know they did a lot of stuff down. I don't like downtown. And so many people say to me, oh, when you go to Vegas next time, we've got to go downtown. That's where everybody wins down there. It's an elected. No one's decided what to do with the building yet, but goodman recently unveiled his vision for it, a museum filled with mom and brabelia. Goodman even promised to donate treasures from his personal collection of gangster artifacts, including an original tape of a mafia induction ceremony. Wow. Would you love to hear that? Absolutely. Right now. We're talking about the real thing. Not some glamorized, romanticized thing from Francis Ford, Coppola. The building, a former federal courthouse, was the side of a famous 1950s Senate hearing that an investigated the gaming industry's long story and eyes crime, the irony of opening a mob museum in the same place delights the mayor. Many in Las Vegas, which has spent the past decade trying to clean up much of its act, aren't so sure they want to remind anybody about that part of the city's history. Still the idea seems to be winning some support. I guess you can't deny the city's colorful pass at Erica Brandvic, a spokesman for Las Vegas convention and visitors authority. I think it's a great idea. Let's do it. Let's get the goddamn body of myor landscape. I may have like even a mummy of his little dog and put him in there in a museum. Huh? The little dog he is to walk on Collins Avenue. See, at one point he must have lived there, Miami Beach must have had a condo on a beach because he lived in Hallendale and when you noticed him, Godfather II, they went to visit him. It was in Hallendale. Right. Remember that? Sure. But evidently at one point in his illustrious, I think toward the end. He got to be a real old Jew. He just lived in one of the high rises on Collins Avenue and they always said all the old ladies used to really like him because he was very friendly when he was out walking his dog and would say good morning and you'd seem like at Wolfies, which is probably why isn't there anymore? Have we heard any more by the way speaking of Wolfies about the new we furnished and revitalized Wolfies? They were going to build? No. You should send that article? No. See what I mean? I mean, I'm not saying that I don't want to pull a cold water on their parade, but when I had that article, those couple of days we talked about Wolfies. Just one more nail in the coffin, baby. All the good stuff. They're dying down there. All vanishing. Pretty soon all you're going to have left is about 50 lacaretas all around town. That's going to be it. No more delies, no more nothing. No, you know, other than Ambulk Coast probably no more chinks. We got to save Ambulk Coast. Very sad when Wolfies closed down. And the articles kept saying, oh yeah, but they're going to build a brand new like it's going to be better. And I hope so for your sake. But don't depend on it. How many votes on that pool? 442 heavy duty man, heavy duty. That's why they're not busy facts and right now they're busy on the pool. They're working on it. Do you have any problems with meals? Oh, and by the way, the caller, the caller who was on the phone, just like most of the caller is being an assucker that he was, whatever Howard would have said, Howard could have said, I think that anybody who makes a racist comment should be like we should bring him in here and shoot him right on it. No matter what it was, he would have said, the caller said, oh, absolutely right. Howard, that's exactly what he said. He made that grotesque comment about people who are doing things allegedly tongue and cheek or allegedly doing stick in the name. No, hiding under the guy's of stick doing things that they could take a bullet in the head for in any other market. The most in tempered comment, the most irresponsible assonine comment in the history of talk radio. That's going, how are you? Oh, and a caller, oh yeah, you're right. Oh, you're so right. Socks, socks, socks up. You're so right. That's another reason callers suck. Most of our just a bunch of suck holes. You can to ingratiate themselves and agree with whatever. Don't you think that, yeah, don't you agree that no. Yeah, I agree that most callers are assholes. Yes. I was saying the judge before the show today, most normal people. I say normal. That covers a lot of territory, especially coming from me. But most your average pedestrian random old people would not call a radio talk show. Would you agree with that? Absolutely. I wouldn't. It's just not something you do. Well, what's the point? Why didn't 42 votes on the survey? The question is, did you have any problems with the old comedy bits or comments about race? No, and Howard David is an asshole. 195 people said that. No, their funny is hell. 165 said that. Yes, he's a racist. 53, 11.9% said that. And no, I agree with those comments. 29. So in other words, we got like 88%. On our side. Pretty good for this crowd. 88%. Oh, stick that in your pipe and wherever you'd like. Back to Maui. Come play with these titties. Come play with these titties. Come play with these titties. Come play with these titties. Come play with these titties. Come play with these titties. Come play with these titties. Come play with these titties. Come play with these titties. Come play with these titties. Come play with these titties. Come play with these titties. Come play with these titties. Come play with these titties. Come play with these titties. Come play with these titties. Come play with these titties. Come play with these titties. Come play with these titties. Come play with these titties. Come play with these titties. Come play with these titties. Come play with these titties. Come play with these titties. Come play with these titties. Come play with these titties. Come play with these titties. Get ready, get ready, get ready, get ready, get ready, get ready, get ready. Most of you, but I'm not ignorant, but I have a lot of white you. Most of them are doing it to ten. They can have their weapons in the pen. I just mentioned I played that because of the fact that they got a lead on this guy. They're searching for him in Texas, the pipe bomb guy, whatever the hell his name was before. Or is his name? I'm a copic. They're searching for him in Texas. Here's a fact from Chris who says, how our David should suck your f***. If it wasn't for you, WQM couldn't afford to pay him that ridiculous sound or you make that station, then it says f*** him, Chris F.M. Thank you, Chris. And you are absolutely correct. But that's okay because he's a star-post with no sense of humor. I guess, came in a town thinking we were all going to like Jenny Fleck and get on our hands and ease and kisses and ask. It doesn't work that way, Howard. It's like, that's why people listen to this radio station because it's outrageous because we actually say something. We just don't sit around name dropping and kissing each other's hands. And even Hank who likes the name drop, Ripsan. Okay, he kicks ass and Ripsan. As opposed to just kissing ass, just like that bit about bud ceiling. I'm sure he's a very nice man. If I hear that one more time, I'm gonna kick my gut out. Okay, how we finally, after much begging and pleading out again, this guy named Don and I thank him for fact seeing me. This is, I serve on the pension board for a multimillion dollar company and I can barely read this. A multimillion dollar fund in Broward County. Last winter I attended an investment conference in New Orleans. It featured many top money managers from New York and elsewhere. At these conferences, the managers tend to tell the truth because they know institutional investors are invested for the long haul. Your local stock breakers are afraid to scare you out of the market so they tend to present a rosy scenario. Yeah, like Mitch Hirsch, oh, no, it always comes back. Right. The outlook from the majority of speakers was rather dismal. The most logical speaker, my opinion was a guy from Boston who had 30 years experience running funds. He said that the Dow would have had best to break even year in 2002, but that the Nasdaq was over-videed and should eventually sink to a true value of about 1200. He said the only thing keeping it up was too much wishful thinking by people remember igniting 99 valuations, or refusing to accept 3% bonds. Only when reality sets in, would they begin to sell an earnest looks like we may be reaching that point. Hope this helps us as Don. It helps a lot, Don. Thank you. God bless you for telling the truth. Instead of this crap that they've peddled 24 hours, or at least whether or not to do an infermerschel's and pretending to be a news station, Round to clock about 15 hours a day on that frequency NBC. And I don't give a crap how many of bags she's got under rise. Maria Bartiroma wouldn't know a guy damn stack of stock if they stuck it up her ass, okay? All these losers, they got all these pretenders, they got on that network on CNBC, the gambling channel. They should be in jail right now, okay? They should find Osama Yamaman, stick his ass right into it all of them. Every one of them, even our good friend Ted David, I'll give him a separate cell of a kosher. Oh, by the way, the good news is finally we got some good news today. Thank goodness. The Egypt Air Crash and Tunis, they were talking about before. Yeah, they had an emergency landing, no injuries, no fatalities, maybe no fatalities. No big one. Yeah. Will the US let coalition never find Osama or his body, they asked on CNN, yes, 41%. No. 59% of the American public said, I think I could have find him or his body. No Osama Yamaman. That goes to show you how little confidence we have and rightfully so. They couldn't fight a guy damn egg in an omelette, the FBI. But maybe they got this guy Texas and then again, maybe not. Man, that for stocking Caroline Kennedy, what a Kennedy should have got their problems these days, you know? A Canadian man apparently obsessed with the Kennedy's was awaiting a Rayman yesterday on charges that he stocked Caroline Kennedy's broke in the lobby of her upper East side apartment building official. That's the first name that I pronounced right today and I'm very proud of it. Police said Sydney wait, 39ers too, a Richmond British Columbia has been sending Schlossberg on solicited letters and parcels for the past two years. Some of the letters contained threats, police said. Wait apparently never tried to contact Schlossberg in person before police said, but last week, can he venture to see her more than 3,000 miles from his home in Canada? Although he arrived at 430 pm Sunday, he told the door man he had a one-paying appointment with Schlossberg. The door man grew suspicious because he knew Schlossberg wasn't home police said, that's generally not a good idea. To see having appointment with somebody when they're not home or expecting a call from somebody, unless it's Greg Reed of course, because then you know you won't get to call anyway. The door man then recognized wait's name, which the man had given him and linked it to many letters and packages, Schlossberg received police said. The door man called the 19th precinct on offices of five ten minutes later and took wait into custody police said, that's right away. Resolution is in limbo and a standoff of the insurance and the activity in Bethlehem. Aren't you surprised by that? No. Oh, we got to deal. We don't have a deal. I give money haul in there to make a deal. Okay, because you guys over there between the Arabs and the Jews and the Jews and the Arabs, Christ, they couldn't decide on where to eat, Delhi. Oh, I think it's a lot of hold that they don't chew. Anyway, this guy was charged by police with harassment aggravated harassment and stalking all the other people. Mr. Minters, Schlossberg 44 is the last surviving member of former president Kennedy's first family. She has a reputation for keeping a far lower profile than other relatives including your brother, John, of Kennedy Jr. who started a political magazine before he died in that plane crash in 1999. And just keep in mind that we're irrelevant. See, we're also bastards on the show because we didn't suck his ass. JFK Jr. Just like all the tabloids did and all the other magazines that, oh, he was wonderful. What did he ever do? Started that magazine. Yeah, exactly. Plus, most people would too eyes even one eye believe that he was never, he was never JFK's son anyway. He looked like Aristotle. And we know that Jackie bitch. We know what a slut she was. She was banging everything in a course. Or was JFK so there was a lot of banging going on baby. So why is everybody so many other shape above? Bubba, that's what just, that's what kills me about America. Such hypocrites. Your presidents have been screwing their brains out for years. I mean, and Roosevelt died there with his mistress at his side. And warm springs or hot springs or, you know, I don't think they were too hot with him. But nevertheless, to go on forever, Jefferson, with a good with the slaves he was banging. And now they're arguing about who's really the descendants of Jefferson and the slave women in all of this crap. Last time I checked he was the the third president. You turned. So that goes back a few ways. But oh my god, Bubba, and then they talk about while she was so young. But what the hell difference is that make every old fart with somebody wants to bang some hot young chick. All you old fart out there that is salivating that are yanking yourselves raw would pictures a Brittany there when there was Pepsi spots. What how are you kidding man? See, now with this, this no deal where you can like eliminate the spots. What was I was talking about yesterday? I don't have that. What do they call it? I don't have that one. But with a new technology where you can like eliminate the spots. That's out because now people are going back to the VCRs. They want to make sure they get the spots when Brittany's on there. They don't want to miss any sporting events. If Brittany's Pepsi spots are going to be on there. And when she was 17, in fact, I guarantee if she would have been famous when she was 16, she still probably looked pretty sick. I can't even say it because I know that smallville's on tonight. She still looked pretty damn good when she was 16. Okay, I'll guarantee that. And he's same old leches that were sitting there screaming about God damn J. About JFK and about the Bubba and this one and that one. At least JFK had better taste. He was banging some hot looking chicks. One thing about Bubba, he don't care, you know. He's a dog. If it's warm, he's into it more ways than one. Hey, how'd you like to have a big one? We're talking now. And I see don't right away they want to put two and two together. Get five and a half. We're talking about a big paycheck. A big impressive paycheck that you can do something with. If you do want one and fast-ranking up, you get it. Jim Mandage, I fucking do a m-o. This is Senator Ted Kennedy and I want to talk about one of the most important priorities for America's future cuts in education for every child in America. We cannot rebuild and modernize America's schools. The doors will be closed for many students. We ask you the American people to stand with us by letting the president and Congress know there's not one dollar in the budget for education. Democrats ask the president to join with us to keep billions of dollars and $600 billion in new tax breaks for the wealthy. Thank you for listening. You're welcome. 1246 at 560 WQA. I'm so anyway Luke John Helder. That's the name of the skumbag that they're looking for. Who's got is a greenizer blue eye. Green? You sure? Not what they said. Green? Are you sure? Well, whatever he's got. He's got two eyes. And a nose and he's 22 and he's a punk. So somebody facts me the text which I already had this, but it'll kill some good time. The text of the wording of the letter found with the pipe bomb and this was the one in Scott County, Iowa. It says it doesn't know if it matches, this is from CNN.com. It's not known if it matches, let us connect to the other mailbox pipe bombs. And the content is, it says mailboxes are exploding. And why you ask attention people, you do things because you can and want desire to. If the government controls what they want you to do, they control what you can do. If you're under the impression that death exists and you fear it, you do anything to avoid it. This is the same way pain operates naturally. We strive to avoid negative emotions slash pain. You allow yourself to fear death. World authorities allowed and still allow you to fear death. In avoiding death, you're forced to conform. If you fail to conform yourself or mentally and physically, our world powers utilizing the natural survival instincts in a way that allows them to capitalize on the people. To live a void death in this society, you're forced to conform slash slave away. I'm here to help you realize slash understand that you live no matter what. It's up to you people to open your hearts and minds. There's no such thing as death. The people I've dismissed from this reality are not all dead. Huh? They're not at all dead. Conforming to the boundaries and restrictions imposed by the government, only reduces the substance in your lives. So there's that substance again. When 1% of the nation controls 99% of the nation's total wealth, it's a wonder that why there are controlled problems. Is it a wonder? Is it? The United States drafts to provide freedom for their people. Do we really have personal freedom I've lived here for many years? And I see so much limitation. Does the definition of freedom include limitation? I've learned about the history of various civilizations in history. And I see more and more limitation. Do people enjoy this trend of limitation if not? Change it. As long as you're uninformed about death, you'll continue to say, how high when the government tells you to jump. As long as the government's uninformed about death, they'll continue to tell you to jump is the government uninformed about death or are they pretending? You've been missing how things are for a very long, for very long. I'm obtaining your attention in the only way I can. More info is on its way. More attention geters around away. If I could have a change only one person, unfortunately the resources are not accessible. It seems killing a single famous person will give the same media attention as killing numerous unfamous humans. There was less risk of being detained associated with dismissing certain people. Since there are some who cares, P.S. more info will be delivered to various locations around the country. Sign a crazy person. Like that. A stark craving. Crazy person. How do you like them apples, huh? Remember when we used to get reams and reams of faxes, just like that from someone in the audience? Crazy person. We haven't called the cops on. Yeah, kind of like bubbles up in my mind now thinking about it. Yeah. Right. Mm-hmm. Anyway, there you go. Zyna America, baby, more support there for what I've been talking about for years. Forced sterilization. When they find this come back and you look in the background, I'll give you a damn tea. You'll find some real, smart, me crappy, I'm saying. I wonder which side of the trailer park he grew up on? I see there we go again. Make an allows comment. So, the racist comments about white trailer trash, which has nothing to do with dark people, by the way. Well, I was thinking before, which I neglected to mention is, who do you think is the white is the dark folks in south Florida, their favorite, cracker, radio personality? That's a good question. Who do you think? Well, we don't have enough dark folks to take a poll on it. Plus other people would dick with our poll. But you see what I'm getting at? Sure. I have a feeling it's almost certainly. Yeah, good. I could be wrong about that. But I think if you went out there like tonight about 10, you know, just drive over there in overtime, Liberty City, drive around town and just roll down your windows and acts. Who do you be like? And what white guy you like on the radio? Who do you listen to? Do you want to do that? No, I'm not going to be the one to do that. Why not? I don't go to that point. We just asked and the most said that's a good idea. That'd be a good place to send George. He said he would go because he's stupid. He's stupid. 10. Roll another point. 1. 1. One, two, three. One, two, three. One, two. One, two, three. I was gonna clean my room until I got home. I was gonna cheat up and find the room. boom but then I got hot. Hey, cause I got hot. You could like a hot. You could like a hot. You could like a hot. You could like a hot. I was gonna go to court. You're the boy I got hot. I was gonna pay my child support. But then I got hot. No you went. Hey, let I think, turn on my whole paycheck. And I know why. Why, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. Because I got hot. You could like a hot. You could like a hot. I was gonna pull right over and stop. But I was hot. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. You could like a hot. You could like a hot. You could like a hot. I was gonna make love to you. You could like a hot. I was gonna heat your pussy too. Oh, yeah. Now I'm Jacket off. And I know why. You could like a hot. You could like a hot. You could like a hot. You could like a hot. Go, go, go. I missed you. I'm inside your life. You could like a hot. Go, go. You could like a hot. You could like a hot. You could like a hot. You could like a hot. You could say our own best friend of yours. OK. And never don't pass everybody's tricks as I thought you just was okay. What do you think? I'm hot I'm hot I'm hot I'm hot