Now the Neil Rajusho on 560 WQAM. Summer 1990 is the summer of Dick Tracy. You'll see the movie, listen to the soundtrack, wear the T-shirt and read the comic book. And now just in time for Father's Day, you can enjoy the fragrance that was inspired by the movie, the soundtrack the T-shirt and the comic book. New Dick Tracy Colone. Why smell like other guys? Now you can smell like Dick. We're going to show you the movie. It's a nice movie. I've never watched his hair or seen to have a care combain. His name was Kirk. Now he's pushing up their combain. Why finger from his chin? Doin' heroin co-bain. New Vada was hot and now his curt they ain't got co-bain. He got hot, sick, goodbye, then he died. Co-bain. Made a minute hour never took a shower, co-bain. He's a number one hit in Heaven's Big Mosh Pit, co-bain. He'll be Elvis the King and say grunge was my thing, co-bain. So with your fill-with doubt, don't take curts way out co-bain. He got hot, sick, goodbye, then he died. Co-bain. It is punk yesterday. Luke John Matthew Mark and whatever we call Walker, Lynn Hullder. He was wearing a Kirk co-bain t-shirt when he rested him. Yeah, just like that. He's trying to over-simplify anything, but the problem in the world is that there are too many assholes who don't know right from wrong. Just basic simple things, you know, like right from wrong. We're not talking about religion about the 10 commandments because that doesn't seem to be working too well. Just basic common sense things, you know? Like you don't kill people for starters, you don't put pipe bombs in people's mailboxes. And the best part of that he is, this kid is such a simple and spite of the fact that everybody said, Oh, he was so sweet and such a wonderful young man. He told him he told one of the arresting cops that he wanted to do. He was trying to put the bombs in a pattern of patterns of homes and states that when he finished would resemble a happy face. Cute. Yeah, a happy face. Yeah. And they said when he rested him, he seemed amused and carefree. And if you see the pictures they keep showing on TV every five seconds over and over again, as they're putting him in a car, he like as soon as he sees the cameras there. Big joke. 21 year old simple thing who doesn't know the difference between right and wrong seemed to have an epidemic of that. Last night on after the hockey game nice going or by the way maple leaves. What I tell you Pat, you predicted yesterday. No, I did not predict that. See you wrong. I said whoever wins a game that I will win the series. See you better keep up on these things. Start taking notes. You're going to too many of those baseball games. Wraiting your mind with that crap with that direct that nobody cares about. But anyway, 60, 900 people are last night in patses. Really been at least 5,500. That's pretty damn good on a week night. Oh, I can just imagine going to a Panther game and seeing 5,500 people in that arena. You just pee in your pants. It's inconceivable. And nobody there cares about hockey. So if they're drawn like, you know, they're usual 11 or 12 or 13,000. You can just imagine how many people read a car about that baseball team. But it sure takes up a lot of airtime and a station. I'll tell you that. But anyway, on all the shows, I should point out except this one because nobody cares. So last night on a biography on a and e. They showed that Pam Smart bitch and those three kids at killed her husband. Yep. And again, I keep thinking to myself, and I'll show that one. I really want to see what she was a banging. Whatever her name was, the one that was 15 when she was banging. At least take somebody to look good. Okay, Pam, but she didn't. Of course, she didn't look all like what anyway. But she looked like a female maddie vell when he came right down to it. And I'm looking at these kids and I'm thinking to myself again, Don't you know the basic difference between right and wrong. No, you don't kill somebody. I mean, if it's in self defense, if they send you off, the ward, a kill the enemy, the evil doors, that's one thing. But you just don't kill people. Well, the 10 commandments, the good books, that well, like I said, that ain't been working too good because all those religious assholes. They've been killing each other since the beginning of recorded time. And of course, see it. And let's breathlessly last night. Give us the word that, oh, that confrontation is standoff and Bethlehem was over. They're going to become not any second. And then they're hugging and kissing. And oh, yeah, it's all over now. Guess what? Not the little hang up. See, when you get the Israelis and the Palestinians together, there isn't anything they can't screw up. They could even screw up a Passover Sator, even when it's, Jesus was at. So they just couldn't get it right. In fact, you heard, like I told you before the show, there was one voice came from inside that church. And you guys said, just when we thought we were out, and you know the rest of that. No, how does it go? It goes like, yeah, holy crap. We're not getting out. Well, they're still in limbo. They're still working on that. So you know, it's amazing. Talk about psychic abilities again, the story that you just facts me that somebody sent from CNN about the heresy Irish priest. Yes, I. I had that was my first thing I had sitting right here. How do you like that? Shocking. And Irish priest who has repeatedly stated he doesn't believe Jesus Christ with a son of God has resigned. Anybody out there believe Jesus Christ was a son of God? No, anybody believe those fairy tales? Sure was a snappy dress, though. The resignation of Reverend Andrew Furlong, 54, but this is pretty good right after the Kentucky Derby, but this is only one for long. Who was facing a church trial for heresy was accepted by church of Ireland Bishop Richard Clark Church official said, yesterday, but a church seems to be having a lot of problems. You know what? A lot of them, which we've only got about 6000 of those stories today. Furlong's been unrepentant in the face of a fewer sparked by his controversial views and as we stated in repeatedly emails sent to journalists and articles published on the internet writers news agency be saying, he repeated them again in article for new Irish pages. Turn will be published today. The Irish Times newspaper saved. Furlong startled worshipers when his unconventional views on traditional Christian teachings were aired in articles published on his website. I don't believe the traditional understanding of Christmas that God took human form and was born as a batelame told orders and interviewed last December. So what are they getting all bent about about that church anyway, the church in the activity? There was no savior born in that church. In fact, they probably would know that they would know that church. But they sure have a lot of interesting getchies with some snappy outfits in that place. Furlong 54, who was ordained in the Anglican Church of Ireland the early 70s, as said he has held his unorthodox beliefs for more than 30 years, but hadn't shared them previously with his parish news, church officials have declined to come further. She's that line just keeps popping up and every story we get, you know? Everybody's mum. Well let's see, we had a pool I told yesterday. This was not going to go over that big, they didn't like yesterday's pool. And you wanted to know why what it attended. A lot of it was too dated. Yeah. Hey, are you old farads? I want to talk about cat and marva. We don't know from that in your right era. But you know something? What's wrong with what's in a great while as old farads have a little fun? Nothing. Which was your old time favorite cartoon or comic book action figure we asked? Over 900 votes on the survey and the survey said, Superman! Oh, 240. I played that enough yesterday. I'm not going to, let that back out again. 240, winning hands down. And the good news is that the top three came out just the way we anticipated. That man who was like, uh, fell the third for a little while. There, but he climbed or he slid right back up that that pool. Got back up in a second 152. Spider-Man, 137. The Hulk 49, Wonder Woman Only 39, was kind of weak. Poor Linda Carter. Nobody cares about her anymore. Silver surfer, which I have no idea what that is. 31. Yeah, you know what it is? Yeah, that was a late facts why wrote them on the sheet before it facts it to Eric. He's a galactic he serves around on a surfboard and he's silver. It was big. Dick Tracy 27, Captain American 22, Space Ghost Ed 21, Green Lantern, another one I never heard of, which was tied with flash Gordon with 18 and the Tickhead 18. The flash had 17, Captain Marvel and the Green Heronette each had 16. Iron Man had 15. Plastic Man, which I voted for it only 14. That's not acceptable. That's a very low number for plastic man. The Phantom had 11 Aquaman 10, dear Devil 9, Supergirl 8, Ghost Rider 5, Prince Vaggyn 5, Superboy 1 up with 2 with a pair, Superboy had a big pair and Green Heronette only won. So that's why it came out 9 and 9 and 9 are a plus votes, which is not that bad, but you could tell he just didn't have their heart in it yesterday, you know? It was just not up there, Ali. There was nothing for them to monkey round with either. Here's our pool today, Eric. And it's similar to ones we've taken before, but I think in honor of Luke Heldor, John Paul, Matthew and whatever the other ones are. And that interesting that he's got such a religious name too, you know? He's got all the apostles in there as many as they could jam in. Too bad he wasn't his fan of he could add a few more men there. You could add one of those eight part names, right, three last names and a couple of days and dos in there. So here's our pool today, Eric. Who would you most like to pull this switch on? Now see, last time we took a pool similar to this, all it was different, but you know, along with the same lines, people pissed off it up this comeback. We took OJ out of there. I don't want to take away their fun. You want to know why one of the greatest outlets that the people are so far to have, and a people of America have is like, you know, doing their thing with OJ. Let's get them. Let's pull the switch. I'd pull the switch. I don't know, prominent. So he's on there, but also we got a very good list I think today. Andry Yates, Robert Blake, and George is absolutely not. George is still working on that statue. Susan Smith, see, to problem with this, is that I can remember some of these people. Susan Smith, who drowned or two kids in a car because they were in a way for a fair trailer, trash, Susan Smith in South Carolina. The fact that she still live really frost my ass and Pamela's smart, who I wouldn't have put on her except I saw that thing on biography last night. Pamela's smart who had the affair with a 15 year old kid. She was the school teacher. He was a student and then she enticed the three kids to kill her husband, convincing the, so she could get the insurance money number one and convincing the one kid that that was the way that could continue their affair and look happily ever after if they got her husband on the way. And so they shot him, they shot his ass. Interesting, we're off in watching the, in watching at, trial, the segments they had on biography last night. The kid who did the shooting, the boyfriend? Yes. He started out with he had a big, a huge kitchen knife. And the prosecutor, and she said, well, how come you didn't go through with it? And of course he's crying and doing the thing with a clean accident in her of his break time. Well, I just couldn't get myself to do it. But of course, a gun. And there's so much cleaner and need are in so much easier, you know? Sure. So thank God that John Ascroft and this administration is gun-loving, gun-squeezing gun-toning. We'll get to that story a little later on. Have even more reinforced that second-end of bull crap about the right to a, a bear arms. And people are up in arms about that, anybody with a brain except a quest for Glen and Miramar. Go buy some more Glen. Come on, get some more. Of course, a Luke Skywalker, he had a few guns on him and six more bombs too. And way Pamela Smart, Luke Heldard, the mailbox bomber, we've got to put that in parentheses, you're nobody in love who that is. And John Walker, Lynn. Go to think it's pretty good. I mean Paul Lind, he was obvious too, but he's dead. Who would you like to most pull the switch on? O.J. Andre Yates, Robert Blake, Susan Smith, Pamela Smart, Luke Heldard, the mailbox bomber, we've got to put that in parentheses. Or John Walker, Lynn. That's come back from Afghanistan. So of course, a abused bi-agreament in treat it so poorly. I say, you know, given I shave in a baton and blow his brains out. 9.13 at 5.60 W.Q.M. summertime is already arrived early in Sunday. It's how it's going to be 90 again today. You can't find a spot where you're not just schfits and out there. If you want to stay healthy in a heat, all your meds and product that'll make you feed your best and keep you in good health even in Southfree, South Florida. O.J. andre Yates, the soft L caps and the left contains pharmaceutical grade, olive oil along with vitamins, minerals and robbles to promote health for your prostate. Your heart, your blood pressure and your cholesterol. In fact, you for the show today, George was saying to me, he can't imagine anybody in a right mind who wouldn't want to buy some of this good stuff. O.J. andre Yates, supplements to be in good health. In a right mind who wouldn't want to buy some of this good stuff. O.J. andre Yates, supplements to promote health in your circulatory system, your digestive, your endocrine system, your skin and bones, even your mind, all using the benefits of the best, the purest, the bestest olive oil that money can buy. And O.J. andre Yates, products for men and also for your ladies out there as well. O.J. andre Yates, all over town, it's getting more popular by the men that picks them up today at Walgreens, at Whole Food Markets, Neuro Pharmacy and Sedanos as well. Or if you'd like to get more information about O.J. andre Yates products, only got to do his column that even the call is free, toll free, 1-8-6-Oliomed, that's 1-8-6-O-L-E-O-M-E-D, or to their products on their website, if you prefer at Oliomed America. Information. The show in March, over 9 times, for which video 5-6-1. You a-you a-yeah. A-Cool-a-Cool. We now go live to the Vatican. Welcome to the Cardinals of the Vatican meeting. Please step inside and shut the door so we can begin. All right, let's pray on the voice! Yeah, whatever happened to him, by the way. Good old-time cocks. He kind of like vanished into the woodwork somewhere. I don't know. I didn't like that. Why do you mind he's not going to know? I do know this. Yesterday speaking of finally, what were you supposed to be a babbling about? We have some suggestions on the fact machine for the list. Okay. Now how about Michael Skakels, should we have him on there? Why not? I don't think he'll do so well. That's so old. Yeah. But Gagan and Shanley. Okay. Yeah. Father Shanley. That's very good. Well, I must be a little slow today, you know it? Father Gagan, GEO, GEO, GHAN. I should know how to spell it by now, because I sure read enough articles about him. Yeah, and in fact, you know, I may have to vote for Father Shanley. I'd love to pull this switch on the father. And maybe a cardinal law could sit in his left too while he was doing it. Why is getting it? They probably have a good time. We could stack a three high. So anyway yesterday, I mentioned that vanilla coke was being debuted. Some bum fork place in Connecticut yesterday, but won't be available to the end of the month or something like that. And the other product you were talking about Pepsi and we were confused about what it was. Coming out this summer is Pepsi Blue. And let me just tell you right now, our good friends at champion light. They got the one leg up on him. They got the jump on him. Because their blue raspberry is I'm assuming very much what Pepsi Blue is going to be without the fizz though. Champion light doesn't have all the carbonation so that you're, you're just getting and farting all day. But Pepsi Blue. I don't know. I do. And I'm sure that they'll have die of Pepsi Blue too. Don't you think? I would think. Although I'm a little bit confused about one thing. We have like a dietary coke. Do we? We must. Maybe it's hard on. I don't think so. I think seven upmix like diet the cherry seven up. I never saw like no dietary coke. I just mentioned that in passing. Plus if I get my shipment of champion light, I don't care anyway, but you know, it lasted a few days. It's all gone. Hey, look for the QM fan that a from 11 to 12 30. It Verizon wireless located at 132 56 viscane Boulevard. Stop by to find out about Verizon's great phone plans. I'm sure it's a good idea. That's correct. That is correct. So you can go out there and see just how good he looks. And maybe he'll let you give it a little squeeze. Okay. Oh, speaking of horrendous things. Miami Grand jury and Dites 5 Orlando men and kidnapped rape murder of Anna Onhill. A grand jury now. I suppose to say angel or Onhill because I know his panicronunciation would be Onhill. You know, mud as well as say angel. Oh, well, how would you say it? Angel. A grand jury sitting in Dade County yesterday returned kidnapped rape and murder indictments against 4 Orlando men and teen boy in the death of Anna Moria Angel. The indictment charges each one with one kind of first to be murder one kind of attempted first to be murder and one kind of sexual battery slash arm gang rape and two counts each of robbery with a firearm and kidnapping with a weapon. I think we'd all like to get together and pull the switch on them. Uh-huh. Together. The four men Victor manual car bio 34. Brother hector manual car bio 30. Cesar Antonio Mena 22 and Joel G. Lebron 23 continue to be held without bond thank goodness in the Dade County jail. A judge has said may 20th the arrangements for Mena Lebron and hector car bio Victor car bio be around on May 21th. Just have a fast trial. Let's all say fast trial get it over the then. You know what we do with the rest. I think it's time to bring back old sparky. What do you say? I'm not. You know, I don't want to sound like one of those real heavy duty gun hope capital punishment people because that makes you sound like some right wing lunatic. But what it does blow down to is that we're pissed off. You know, pissed off gets me fired up when I hear that. And I think that this lethal injections a little bit too. It's too sanitary, you know. It's too medicinal to an aseptic. You like to see them shimmer and shake. Yeah. We like to know that old sparky's going off. You see knows what was he movie. They made a million of them. No, no, oh, you know the one I'm talking about. The black guy that they fried the green mile. Is that the one? Was not the green mile with the red. I didn't remember he would have seen that. No, with Kevin Costner, cost the cause of whatever his name. Costner. Uh, costner. See, I came into the case name. I can't thank Kevin Costner. He was in it. And some big black guy they fried in the south. And anyway, you didn't even move on. I'm talking about. No. Well, somebody will somebody will fax in. Don't call in because the pad is absolutely not going to talk to you. He's no god no interest. In fact, pad beg me to play the old Bob Cole. What I'd leave for a second go from last night because he was busy watching some stupid baseball game. He's a bad boy. He's a bad boy. He's a bad boy. He's over there. All right. It's not him. Ronald has a good brother. So, what? Kind of jab it in. He's going. Oh, God. He's a bad boy. It's a second go all the game. And it's a two-one lead. Four-two-on-one. Always love the Nella McColley. Not. Well, hey, listen to Coach Deshoye when you're playing on the first line. Instead of in the fourth line, your ability is actually come out. You don't talk about it. Probably not. Sorry. Now, let's get down to the meat of the matter. As long as we're taking this pull on this, uh, and I know it sounds very simplistic, but let me say it again. Just I want you to soak this in, okay? Very simple. Nothing complicated. Nothing. You're not doing a good job of teaching your kids right from wrong. You can go back to everyone of these horrible, horrible, grotesque stories. You can look at the, uh, those, uh, suicide homicide bombers there in the Middle East. You can look at what's happening all over the world in some way along the line. We're not doing a real good job. Not a very effective job of teaching people the basic differences between right and wrong. We're not talking about absolute rights and absolute wrongs, but just playing common sense. Common sense. We don't have any common sense. And this kid with these pipe funds who had people crapping in their pants all over the country, especially male carriers and people were living in rural areas in the Midwest, waiting to see if they're going to get their hands or heads blown up on the open of the mailbox. He thought he was on a lark. He thought he was having a, uh, a great old time. It was a hoot. Yeah, real hoot in the holler. And when he talked to his parents on a phone yesterday morning for ten minutes, come to find out he said he asked them, oh, you think I'm going to spend jail time for this? Oh, no, it only sounds like 18 counts of attempted murder to me, uh, the Luke Skywalker. You think I'm going to spend any jail time for this? Smart ass punks. That's what we're dealing with in America boys and girls. Smart ass punks. You don't know the difference between right and wrong. Like the ones who get on the, oh, and by the way, how about that stock market? Oh, you don't think it's going to happen again today. Do I dare? Do I dare turn that on for even just one second? Are there an expot right now? Just to see those futures, then I'll turn it off real quick. I promise. You see how it wound up? Down up to 0. I know. Five. You down went up 305 points and then as deck 122. Oh, if we can just repeat that every day for the next six years, I might get my money back. It was a lot of other poor, a lot of other poor bastards out there too. I can't, you know, something I can't even imagine for the life of me. I cannot imagine what they've got. They're life savings in like in Ron. And in some of those other high-fliers stocks that turned out to be like worthless. Right. The ones that were like 150 and 200 bucks a share during that bubble just beginning blown up. And then they just, they did blow up. They just, yeah, the bottom fella. And others people have got nothing. You work all your life and those people are now going to say, well, I've got to work another 20 years. I'm only 75, but working another 20 years because all my return money's gone. Makes me want to cry. I know, I know. It doesn't make me want to cry. It makes me very, very angry. It makes me wonder how to help people can be so passive. I'm not getting ripped off like that. Makes you understand why they keep sending all their goddamn money. It makes you understand why people keep going back to church every Sunday. See, I'm going to tell you, you know, this business about why, you know, if you do drugs, you're supporting terrorism. I'm going to tell you something right now that's beyond a shadow of a doubt. If you go to church on Sunday is Catholic Church is what I'm talking about. And you put money in a collection plate. You're, you're contributing to this ongoing problem. You're supporting a corrupt institution. You're lending your, your tangible support to a corrupt, and corrupt,? You're trying to make you think about this. And the worst part of the whole deal is that in spite of the fact that donations are down, there's still are a ton of, a ton of people. I'll shredload of people, give an instrumental loan to money. I don't understand that. It goes to show you how brainwashed, how deeply inculcated they are with this horse crab. That's a good word. I love you inculcated. That's one of my favorite, what does it mean? It's down. It's down. I love it. I'd like to see if I could spell it. Yeah, I could. Pretty good spell, I don't know what any of the words mean, but I spell them real good. I'm real good. 926-560. I like the tone of the show today, you know, and I just like the tone of the show. I don't know why, I just have that feeling. Maybe because I didn't eat any goddamn nestle's turtle or any crappiest today. I'm off all live crappable. Okay. Wonderful talking about it. It's a lot of fun. I can't do that. I just can't keep doing that. So, die. Because I saw Mary Tyler Moore on King last night for about three seconds while I was channel surfing. And, you know, she's a diabetic, but I think she's type one. But she was talking about diabetes. Now, horrendous it is and about how the blood vessels in your eyes start leaking blood. You know, when you're... She was diagnosed with a diabetes when she was pregnant, they put her in a hospital, her blood should have been 750. I don't even know what that means. 750 when normal is like between 75 and 130, 750? That's like sugar like. God, yeah, it's like having sugar in your veins. It's like eating at nestle's turtle ice cream. Hey, listen if your hair has gone down the drain. Here's the answer for you. Boy, there's so many different things you can do. Everybody in their brother saw all kinds of pills and their saw all kinds of mouse he's looking at hairpieces. If you want to know on people laugh at you. If you want to look like a real man, if you don't want to have that Sam Donaldson Bob Eisenberg look, here's the answer. Charles Alfieri. For over 25 years, Charlie's appeared as a guest on Good Morning America and the today show. He's been helping guys look their best and I'm not just talking about slippers. Even a multimedia nurse go to Charles Alfieri because no matter how much money they got, they can't get a better look and head of here than his natural hairline system. And the same applies to you. No matter how hopeless it may appear to be. No matter how big that bald spot is. Charlie can make you look better and younger than you have in years. When you mention the images when you call him, he'll like $200 off the regular prices. It's affordable. It looks spectacular. What's not to like? And there's no obligation. You have nothing to lose but the bald spot. So pick up your instrument today and call Charles Alfieri toll free and get your hair back. 1-800-321-2413. That's 1-800-321-2413. Or log onto their website. Do you suffer from occasional stress? Now there's relief with relaxer and just one relaxer in a day and your world is at ease. Relaxer and gentle natural. Use only as director. 1-800-US of relaxer and may cause bleeding ulcers, lesions, osteoporosis and my proceed cataracts blindness gastrointestinal bleeding, explosive bombinics, severe diarrhea and headaches, loss of hair, burning skin, appetite, a slound ringing in ears, leading to deafness, bone disintegration, bussy borles and warts face-to-sfiguration, wine, and a sensaneous sudden loss of limbs and causes paranoia of oily skin, sensation of bugs, crawling on skin, loss of appetite, loss of breath, choking and possible death. So, for occasional daily stress to get you feeling back to yourself again, you can feel confident. With relaxerine. 932, it sounds like pretty good stuff at 560 WQAM. And see, every time we have another one of these unacceptable rotests stories like this Luke Skywalker held her. There are always those people. I'm sure my mother would say I can just hear her right now. Oh, look at him. He's just a kid. He's just he's confused. You've heard that crap. Oh, sure. And a news day, the story that I got here from News Day, pipe bomb suspect described as a mellow kid next door. Isn't that great? That's what they said about Ted Bundy, too, wasn't it? Right, and Tim McVeigh. Right. In John Wayne Gacy who played the clown all the time for the kids, he was just climbing around. He just had a good shovel. On the day, the FBI said college student Luke J. Hell, and by the way, there's no D in the father's shandley. I don't want Eric to get all that out of shape, but it's not shandley. It was like Gary shandling, you're thinking about S-S-H-A-N-L-U-I-W-I. Get the D out of there. Well, yeah, we know what the D stands for in father's shandley. And his first name is not Dick. On the day, the FBI said college student Luke J. Hellder had confessed to planning 18 pipe bombs in mailboxes in five Midwestern states. His song was played on the radio for the first time. Along with tunes by Bob Seger and Brian Adams, a twin-city's classic rock station played conformity recorded three years ago by Helders Nodezov Rock band Apathy. If only is a way for the FM shockjocks to mercilessly make fun of the accused mailbox bomber, he had a grunge band, seeing was a big Kurt Cobain fan. What does that say? And also smoke the Wikau, the Wakie weed. See this pattern there? Uh-oh. I'll be right back. Yeah. Helders homemade bombs injured four male carriers in two residents. Let me say it again, 18 attempts to kill. 18 counts of attempted murder if you ask my advice which they won't. Helders homemade bombs injured four male carriers in two residents in Iowa and Illinois. In notes accompanying his bombs he wrote a conformity as a scores to society. In order to avoid death, you are forced to conform if you fail to conform you suffer mentally and physically, conforming to the boundaries and restrictions imposed by the government only reduces the substance in your life. There we go again. More substance you can smell it all the way up here. But there is little in Helders life to suggest he had any predilection to be a terrorist. Teach his friends acquaintances in neighbor's uniformly described Helders 21 in unremarkable terms. If he was misunderstood if he brewed it if he harbored vengeful thoughts, nobody seemed to notice. Mostly they remember a mild mannered kind of like Clark Kent, a mild mannered person with young man with few strong convictions beyond his obsession with dead rock star Kurt Cobain, lead singer of the group Nirvana. Oliver College Jr has been studying industrial design at the University of Wisconsin Stout in Manomani, Wisconsin, about 60 miles northeast of his hometown. Nancy Bloom coming, who tell one of Helders' art classes, remembered that Helders was always delicate in his critiques of other classmates' work. He was delicate. Oh, gee, I hope not. The class first met the morning of September 11th and held his reaction to that event with the same as all his students, shock. A classmate who shared a locker with Helders said he worked hard on his project and seemed proficient at soldering and welding. Evidently. He was friendly, mellow, polite, never-nervous or anything said the classmate Jeremy Johnson. He smoked a lot of marijuana and liked the party, so I didn't hang out with him very much. He kept himself about his girlfriend, but he was outspoken about Nirvana. He was really into them. Helders was wearing Nirvana T-shirt yesterday as he was led to federal court in handcuffs. In an affidavit the FBI said Helders had made 24 bombs, most of them in a room in a motel in Nebraska. Six bombs were found with him when he was arrested Tuesday, along Interstate 80 in Nevada. Helders held the lab bond for transfer to Iowa, one of the three states where he faces charges. I'm going to tell you if they don't put this kid away for at least 20 years, I'm going to want to know a lot to that right now. How many so confused you just a kid? Yeah. You know all the bleeding hurts, especially the women are going to be coming up with that crap. Yep. Helders father, Cameron Helder, contacted the FBI on Monday after receiving a letter from his son with an Omaha postmark in which he referred to the bombings. He sent a similar letter to the college newspaper at the University of Wisconsin Madison. Cameron Helder also told the FBI his son's roommate had found bomb making materials beneath the Luke Helders' bed. Then information in the letters led to the FBI to pursue. Helder, they located in a highway in Nevada after he made a cell phone call from the car. Before authorities realized he might be the bomb, and they were looking for he was stopped three times for traffic offenses, including speeding and outwaring a seatbelt, when he finally surrendered he did not put up a fight dropping gun out the car window and he was kind of like, he huckin' it up. When he saw those cameras on him, he was having a great time. Pine Island is grown into a bedroom community of almost 3,000 people for the larger cities have Rochester to the south of Minneapolis and Saint Paul to the north. On Pine Island's Main Street there's one place to get your hair done, one place to get your cavities filled, one place to eat breakfast. Charlie Gorman owns the only butcher shop in the Helders are among his kindest customers. He said, most folks trust one another Gorman often leaves the doors of his shop unlike when he steps out to run an errand. It can't be the Helders' I know Gorman thought when he heard the news. Right. Growth is the town's biggest civic issue, Yadiyati, and until this week of visit from Governor Jessi Venture with the biggest news there, Mark Valsing, the city administrator said the community is changing while many people know their neighbors and is now large enough that many are also virtual, strangers, whoo. Students who remember Helders described him as, from the in-worm person rather than a brooding anarchist, if he was frustrated senior Lucas Burie said it was in the same way many, Pine Island teens are frustrated. At Monomani the talk of the campus was of the TV satellite trucks conversation between students revealed that Helders wasn't known by many. One student then realized he had a class with Helders telly saw him on TV, senior Michael Akadi last saw Helder on one day in their philosophy of religion class, see it as a religious training again, drove over the edge. In structure Jerry Kappers said Helder was not a star student, then he wasn't the worst student, he didn't do or say anything fast that would have explained what happened. Lakadi said the class encouraged open conversation and that Helder was one of the more outspoken students, not too many people spoke out Lakadi said he did, but he never spoke of violence, there was that ever really a subject. You can tell he had his mindset and how he felt about things, I'd remember one strange thing, the professor asked him if he'd find the makeup a test that he missed he said, I don't really care. I don't give a Schmidt anymore. How do you like that, huh? Just another kid, just another pun, twenty one, it looks like he's going on about sixteen. You don't look no twenty one to me, does he? Not really. And I still say fry his ass, release do something really grotesque, how about torture sounds good, huh? After all the torture he put those people through, after the people that he named just open up their goddamn mailbox, is if we didn't have enough grief already, a few months ago, going through all of that, and track. Trap in a mailbox where every piece of mail, wherever he'd let or wherever he got them, object in a mailbox, people were crap in their pants about. How much money, how do you like to have an event, the money all across the country, they had to be spent for all those phony anthrax gears, where they had to send a hazmat truck in the alia, oh my gosh, each and every one of them would cost a fortune. So I rest my case, all that he's just a kid, he's just a punk, right? It's again, the difference not being annoying the difference between right and wrong, between civilized and being a barbarian, and all the religious bull crap, and all the hocus pocus, and all the ten commandments is a pile of crap, common sense. You don't put pipe bombs in people's mailboxes or in their... RECOM! Anywhere, and you don't shoot somebody in the back of the guy they had because you want to bang his wife, and all these things. Oh yeah, but you just don't understand, oh I don't, I really don't, I don't know, maybe even explain to me George, but I don't think so. In the ten seconds before the break, I'd see times up. Twenty four ten at five sixty, WQM, we got the mad dog in one Hank Goldberg at three, and another big ball game tonight, that bunch of pets growing up for that again. Yes I am. There you go, he's better be there. Mr. Sportsniffer, six thirty to pre-game, San Diego Padrae's in town again at 705, Eddie K. after the baseball, you'll mark the dirty boys over and I noticed that my appellation for them, and were appellating you, I noticed that that my nickname for them the dirty boys seems to be sticking. Did I invent that or did somebody else come up with that? I can't recall. I did. Trust me. I'll trust. Last time I checked it was good. Everybody likes that, the dirty boys. Hey Tom Laman's one of the dirty boys, that's why he loves this show. He's a great guy though, and that's why they've been doing a business for over 35 years in the same place. There would hell up Pontiac GMC. And right now, he's created the Neil Dealer Hallit because he loves the show and if people listen to it. Save big dollars in all Pontiacs and GMC's in stock. Just mention when you stop into hell at that you heard about it here on the World Famous Neil Rogers show. Stop by hell up Pontiac GMC at 134-01 South Tixie Highway on U.S. 1. Right across from the falls were ordinarily every vehicle's market low as price, but when you mention my name, the price goes even lower. Check out the complete line of GMC SUVs including the On-Voy, voted by Motor Trend as the SUV of the year plus the all new Vibus SUV. It's got the power of a sports car just a fraction of the price. And as always, how it's got a dependable selection and unbeatable selection of pre-owned cars and trucks and SUVs. And if you've been turned on for credit by any other car dealer in the universe, have no fear. Hallits here they'll make a deal for ya. So get yourself a Neil Rogers deal right now at Hallit Pontiac GMC. 134-01 South Tixie Highway on U.S. 1. Right across the street from the falls open every single day, seven days a week. And I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. Sometimes when I'm at the urinal, I get a stage fright. I have a shy bladder. Then it hits me. These other guys next to me must think I'm a tool gaser. Damn. So I get more and more nervous. One time, I stood there for hours. I meant some pretty nice fellas though. I'm 45 at 5. I'm 60. WQAM. Just like Don Dine, I notice he's doing okay on the survey too. John Walker Lynn. Same thing. Remember when those pictures started coming back, he would all of the schmutz on his face, and he looked like all the days and confused. Same thing. People like my mother said, Oh, gee, he's so confused. Right. Everybody's confused. How much a Ted Bundy was confused too? And David Berkowitz. Everybody's confused. That's why they'd like to put a bullet in your brain. Who would you most like to pull the switch on? Oh, Jay seems to be off to the races. Okay. We might actually have to put him in a separate category. Oh, Jay's got 20. But you know, this is a chance for you to vent. Out of 53 votes, oh, Jay's already got 20. Susan Smith has gotten nine, which is excellent. And re-eight's eight. John Walker Lynn's six. He's doing pretty good. Father Gaggan's got five and five of the shandley four. Maybe we can get a twin cedar for him. Robert Blake has got one. Pam Smart has gotten on because they forgot who the hell she was already. And Luke held her the mailbox bomber guess how many he's got. I don't have to guess. None. Well, you don't have to visit right there in front of you. None. Zero. How's that possible? Well, we only tried to kill 18 people. Yeah, but he failed. I see. I pulled the switch on him right now. Sure. He's got his confusion. Take away his dinner. Vanillacard's just, you know, enough. Enough already. Miami arts dicey's removed two priest accused of sexually abusing former alter boys. Oh, the arts dicey's a Miami yesterday. We moved two South Florida priest accused him of lusting two former date alter boys in the 1970s while church officials conduct an internal investigation in the allegations. The arts dicey said it placed a reference Ricardo Castellonis and an alvaro Guisher on the administrative leave with pay until the sex abuse allegations have been investigated by a response team chosen by archbishop John Favillara. Right. The fox is investigating the chicken coop. Underfloor to Catholic conference guidelines, the six-person team will consist of a Favillara representative in arts dicey's lawyer, a church communications director, a psychologist, and two lay representatives. The policy says any church employee find who have engaged in sexual misconduct will be removed from act of ministry. Doesn't say anything and hear that about go to jail. The response team will report back to when the archbishop will use that information to make his final decision. The police spokeswoman Mary Ross Augusta said that a decision comes at a after date state attorney cap in Fernandez Rundell said a roughest plan to review art dicey's records abuse allegations against current and former priests. So there's those two which we talked about the other day. Finally, they've been removed. While they're conducting investigation, and of course if they don't find out exactly what anybody would like them to find out, they'll say, OK, don't do it again. See, there's nothing in there that says to me anything about an equiminal activity about the fact that these people broke the law and they ought to be in jail. The church continues being oblivious. They're above the law. Those of you who are going to go this Sunday or any other Sunday and continue helping to perpetuate this crap. Shame on you. That's all I can tell you. And I'm not going to change anybody out there. But you're perpetuating you're helping to promote it. This unbelievable grotesque activity and the cover up of same. And I'll be talking up there in Boston. Well, they may have to sell this property and they're looking how they can raise some money. That's beautiful. Not money to feed the poor or how's the sick or do we take care of all the desperate people in the world, all these unwanted babies that they help to make, that they promoted. No, so that they can pay off all these all the hush money, all the lawsuits. Here's another one. St. Louis, priest, please guilty and poor in case. Rectom, keep them coming, baby. A Roman Catholic priest, plea to guilty, yesterday to federal child pornography possession charges, after he was caught in FBI sting. The Reverend John P. Hess, faces up to five years in prison when he sentenced July 26th. Hess 56 was moved from Sacred Heart Catholic Church in suburban Flora Sant in March. That's in Missouri. After the FBI sees this computer kept in a public area of the church rectumary. Federal prosecutor, Ray Grunder, said, has become a suspect. The organization might FBI sting called Operation Candyman, focusing on child pornography traded over the internet. A hard drive on Hess's computer contained hundreds of images of kiddie porn, including video clips of children, involved in sexual explicit conduct of prosecutor B. San. If you break the law, you can't hide in cyberspace, Grunder said. Asked in court if he had any reservations about entering the plea, has only replied, none whatsoever, your honor. Pleaded guilty. Waiting in the elevator after the hearing ended, Hess didn't silence when asked if he had anything to say to prisoners at Sacred Heart, is attorney also decline combat. What a surprise. Eight priests have resigned or been moved in the arts' diocese since the nationwide scandal involving sex abuse by priest began to unfold in January. The arts' diocese about Hess had no immediate combat. Aren't you shocked? No. Their mom. Oh, and look at this. Who facts me this? What kind of chronic facts you've seen? Well, you must be doing some real bad weed, baby. You must be doing some wacky weed. And also, their facts to me, their facts to me, Otis Blackwell's, uh, a little bit from New York Times. Just put the tape in the history. Yeah, but for the sake of the picture shows that he's black. Now see, didn't I say that yesterday, and you gave me a bunch of crap? Yeah, that's how it went down. Because this guy wrote, don't be cruel and all those other. He had red man. He had soul. This guy had film or you said it. George said he has to. I mean, I didn't know. See, I don't like something conclusions because I've been accused of all kinds of, you know, racial stuff. Otis Blackwell, who died the other day, who wrote don't be cruel and great balls of fire, etc. And so he's dead at 70, and he was black. George wants you to know he was black. Okay, here's some more suggestion. Oh, and he's fell. Oh, yeah. Also, more, one of our facts is, Philan Cros Springs says you're a stupid, Eric. Not only father Shanley, which he corrected, but Linda, you've got LY and DE. That was Paul Lind, okay? This isn't Paul Lind. Maybe he did that on purpose to be funny. No, he did not do that on purpose. He's a literate. I mean, he's a good guy. We appreciate him. He's fat and all that, but he's a literate. Lind, L-I-N-D-H. I know that's a very unusual spelling, but that's how he'd be spelling. Okay, so we start L-I-N-D-H. Let's get it right. So, at least you put the appearance on our website. I'm having an IQ bigger than our guy named left the nut. So, somebody says Charles Manson and the men and his brothers. I don't know. Yeah. Oh, that's old nose. Stale. Just like Michael Skakele. By the way, what do you think something? Yeah, by the way, something. What do you think Susan Smith has more votes than Andrea Yates? Didn't Andrea kill more kids? Yeah, but Andrea had a crazy ass husband. Oh. Who forced her to have all those kids because he was a religious nut? In fact, you should know that because, you know, you're the one that's going to know the name of that guy, because it's long out of my memory. Mike Warniki. Right, very good. Mike Warniki is the religious nut that had them all... Oh, it was an old movie. It wasn't an old movie. It had lemon and lemon and a bust. Don't you remember that? She was living in. And the part where family was also been there for a while? Yeah. If you had to live with the remnants of whatever Danny Bonneau douchebag left behind, you'd probably go nuts too. And so they were both like, whew, whew, whew, whew. I'm not making excuses because I'd be happy to pull the switch and end re-aids that bitch. She should have gotten the death penalty. No question. No question. But Susan Smith. Yeah, she made up that story about the black guy kid. Oh, and then talk about a racist bitch. He made up the story because it happened to be in South Carolina where there happened to be a few real racist there. And made up the story about some black dude done it. And don't you remember, was out there in a goddamn middle of the woods somewhere. The black dude held her up and took off with a car with a kid's in it. And Yaddi, Yaddi, all this other sandscore. Coming to find out she drowned the two kids. I mean, seriously, if that's just a question of right from wrong, this is barbaric. It is grotesquets unacceptable. And the fact that we as a society let this bitch live. And our tax dollars are helping a feeder or somebody's tax dollars. Help an a feed and cloth her every guy damn day and take care of her medical and dental crap. So that she can duck it up and jail her whatever that hell she's doing. This is unacceptable to me. On freaking acceptable. Susan Freak and Smith that drowns her too little kid because they were getting in the way, you know. Get in the way for a fair with some schmuck. They were crap under style. Yeah, that's right. They'd be cramping my thaw, baby. You talk about trailer trash. In fact, you know something that's an insult to all the trailer trash in America. Is to call Susan Smith trailer trash. She was 50 steps below whatever trailer trash is Susan Freak and Smith that drowns her too little kids. And I'll say it again. I don't care what anybody says because I happen to be an expert in these matters. Her original husband David, remember David right. He was one pretty good looking. He was I mean he was a moron. He was a real guy who but as long as he kept his mouth shut. He was a good looking guy and she was she was oh, she's a mouse. He's looking bitch. He's nasty looking. Yeah. So she could have kissed. She should have been kissing the ground and his whatever he wanted. Because that anybody looked like that. It was like that. He wasn't, you know, he was less a little bit than she is. You see what I'm saying? She had a pretty good. But that wasn't good enough. Of course he was screwing around on the side too. But who gives a crap? I mean, is that an excuse? Because your husband was screwing around on the side and you got a divorce. And you got some other guy that you want to get hooked up with. But the kids are in a way because you don't want kids. So you're going to drown your kids? Yeah, that's money by the way. Remember the guy that she was had the hotsefore was a money. Right. He wrote a letter and said, hey, guess what? Forget it. Bitch get lost. And oh, well, she figured if she got rid of the kids, he might change his mind. Right. I like you, but she's not the instant fan. And she's still alive because we have all her neighbors. The people of that town. What town was it? Oh, geez. No. I don't know. But the people living in that community grew up with her. They said, oh, they just didn't have the heart to go vote for the death penalty. Well, what that was that mean? I guess they don't have the heart to care about those two little dead kids that you won't be going to be a scene no more. Just like all those NBA 8 kids. Oh, you know, you wouldn't go to bring that chase chase the 70 year old down the hall. So she could get a hold of him and stick his ass in the bathtub to finish the job off. Good. Golly Miss Molly. But hey, that's just the way it goes in America. All the religions out there. They got all the answers, but doesn't seem to be working too well. Hey, if we could just bring God back in a school and put up the 10 commandments on a wall, that'll take care of it. No problem. No problem. You mark my words because you can just tell with his kids name Luke John Wapal Walker, Lynn, whatever that was name was. Helped. What's his name be Heldor? You can just tell that his kid had his ultra religious family. Of course, I mean, he's busy doing a lot of weed. Probably his ribbon against all that bull crap. And listen to Irvan and doing Kurt Cobain crap. I think probably when Kurt Cobain died, I was going to put him over the agenda. Sounds like you're good excuse. Let me do the defense. I'll get my mother in there. We can make a team that defense for this punk and then we'll pull the switch. OJ's got 30. The one you'd most like to pull the switch on. Maybe we should have put a category for people that couldn't pull the switch, but I don't think there are any such people anymore in America. Do you? No. No. We're ready right now. Okay. And of course, this is only for fun anyway. It's just for fun. We're not really going to pull the switch. Literally, we don't have that. Do we even do that stuff anymore? Unfortunately. I say bring back old sparky this weekend. And we can take this whole list here and just line them up one after the other execute them on TV. We can make a mini series out of it. What do you say? I love it. Bring back the arena. Get a 90-share easy. Put hill street blues to shame. OJ's got 31. Susan Smith's 17. And re-813. John Walker Paul in 10. Father's Shanley's moving up on list. Now that we got his name spelled right. And nice going on John Walker Lynn. We got that. Thank you very much. I did notice that Miss Filling. That grotesque era by Eric. Father's Shanley's up to seven. Father Gagan got six. Robert Flakes got one. And Pamela Smart and Luke Felder. The mailbox bomber still have the big- Oh, have any. If I would have known that, I'd have gotten for Luke. 18 counts of attempted murder there. If he asked me. I mean, what else would you call it? 18 counts of attempted murder. Exactly. That's what it sounds like to me. But we don't want to mess with him because he's just a kid. And he's confused. And nobody would play his record on here. 957-560 W.M. Hey, Mother's Day is just a couple of days away. It's this Sunday. This year more than ever, you ought to be showing mom that you love and appreciate her by sending you Vermont, Tiniberr. It's a great gift. Your mom, wife, or grandmother will receive a beautiful little bear. Made in Vermont and delivered with a free card and candy and a fun gift box. Just call a bear counselor at this toll-free number and don't forget even though it's Thursday. They can still have it there in plenty of time from Tuesday. Call 1-829-Bear. They'll help you pick out a bear just for her. So she'll know that you put some real thought into that gift. And it's something worthwhile. Ask about the new spa mob here or the mom is bored with the heart. The mom is bored with the heart shape tattoo. And that's don't forget every year it's your job to get a gift for mom from the kids. And the mother and cup set is perfect. That is many cups is needed with their little lanes, right on the little outfits. It's a lot more personal and flowers which are dead no time at all. And the little bear lasts for a lifetime. So call 1-828-2-9 bear or shop online at Vermonttiniberr.com. In order to take just a few minutes to order, you can even send her to the office if you like. Give her a gift this mother day. She'll remember and keep and cherish forever from the Vermonttiniberr company. Be sure to tell that Neil Tony call 1-828-2-9bear. That's 1-800-8. Oh, thank heaven. The Neil Wajr show unficies his own new QA and Miami for L'Arale. When it's course in part. In stores now the job of the hides home life as such in kids. For the skill you love with the kids. Oh, back in kids! Woo! Woo! Oh, my heart's at home. You might have hide someone. It's funny when friends get hurt. It looks like years younger in a matter of minutes. Yeah, that's great. And right with job of the hides home life as such in kids. And coming soon, the Yoda home pathology kids. Yo! Let me start a boat! Ow! Thank you, Jim and Able probe. 10-01 is 5-60. WQM, happy Thursday, too. Well, it's a miserable day here. It's murky and raining and like in the, I don't know what's going to be like 60 something. But murky, so I feel so bad, okay? I don't want to rub in the fact that the weather's been fairly decent. While you're sweltering in the schfits and over there. Yeah. Here's an uplifting story for it. It'll make you feel real good about your tax dollars and about your government. Hey, why can't you be more positive Neil? Because I can't lie that much. I can lie a little bit, but not that much. Feds, criminals give in jobs and airports. Oh, right. Oh, this is good. Philadelphia. A woman who hired screeners at the Philadelphia airport which charged with all-diving job applications and allowing people with murder and weapons convictions to get jobs. Oh, right. That's the kind of people we want, especially if those screening places. Where she'll miles an employee of hotly USA Corporation was charged Tuesday with making false statements to the FAA about at least 20 airports screeners hired between August 1997 and January 1999. St. Louis based on the English provides airport security and screening services to about 50 airports nationwide, stop providing security at Philadelphia in September of 2000. Miles falsely told the FAA that each screener's five-year employment has been verified in accordance with FAA regulations authority said she also falsely told the agency that each employee passed a test with quite a ballerport screener's prosecutor said. Miles has also charged with failing to request a criminal history report for employees with known gaps in their employment history as a result prosecutors alleged Miles hired several employees with criminal convictions. On Monday, as we know, a man carried two loaded semi-automatic campgun through a hotly run security checkpoint at Louis Armstrong International in New Orleans, a message letter on hotly spoke to him and Tuesday was not... Available? Immediately. Or returned. There was no telephone listing for Miles. You could not immediately be reached. For attorney John Turlik declined to comment. I love it! The Philadelphia airport's got a history of security problems. Argon Brits security anchored more than a dozen guards with criminal convictions to run security checkpoints in Philadelphia. As we know, Argon Brits has since left the airport security business, we can't imagine why. God. You know, when you go to the airport, I don't want to start picking on anybody, but when you go to the airport and you take a look at the people who are working there. Yeah. And you say to yourself, who are they? Who are these people? It's like when they had the National Guard people all standing there. We know where their rifles put it up in the air. You know, standing there with attention. What did that accomplish? And I'm not putting those people down, but I'm just saying in general, did that accomplish anything at all? No. And you'll notice, in spite of the fact that they had them standing there, time and time again, we found people who had like suitcases and then they discovered after they were like their luggage went through the screen device. Oh, there's a gun in there or something like that. And then they would grab the device and they would disappear in the middle of the airport. Right. So, in spite of the fact that they put on this incredibly unbelievably massive dog and pony show, it didn't know how to allow dog crap. Nothing. And if they think they're kiddin' anybody, boy, forget about it. So, once again, your tax dollars harder work as, what's that kind of little, a torque, normeneta. The Secretary of Transportation gives you a big song in advance, but then turns around and says, well, you know, we still have to hire back a lot of those people that we can in the first place. The ones, the hamburger flippers, the ones that fell off the turn of truck, that crowd. We have to hire him back because there's a shortage of these screeners, etc. And so on. And the fact that this guy sent me, this is so astonishing to me. One of our usually more common sense factors. Democrats, since Governor Bush or Florida could be beaten, and the essence of the circle, which I certainly won't waste your time reading from New York Times yesterday, sensing vulnerability in Governor Bush's reelection, but state Democratic Party leaves our pressing Mr. Bush to act more forcefully in the case of really a Wilson to five-year-old girl who disappeared while under state supervision, which we have more about in a second, but nevertheless, I don't know why you people keep dreaming. Is there anybody in the Saudi Institute's got any ID who Bill McBride is? No, no. And of course, the bad news is we all know who Jenner Reno is. Has either one of them got any chance at all? No. No. No. None. Slim chance, not a miniscule chance, no chance, not a Chinaman's chance in hell. Am I wrong about that? No, you're not. Although I'll put my money on Bill McBride over Jenner, you mean? Yeah. Well, sure, because he doesn't have as many liabilities as she does. I mean, the main liabilities she's got is that she's Jenner Reno. And of course in Florida she's beloved in the Hispanic community in South Florida. Right. And maybe she could run like with the campaign postes of alien sitting on her shoulder, or something like that. That would be good. Or maybe she would like to pose with a fisherman would be good. That'd be a good campaign poster. Here's Janet with a fisherman they kissed and made up. Or maybe with Maris Greesius. You know, something I think it's time to go back to those wonderful days. No wonder they kept replaying those vestineel tapes from Ali on. Forget about the Pope. He's old news. He can barely stand up. But the Ali on days boy, those were as they say in a business the salad days. Don't you agree? It was fun. Lots of fun. I mean, nobody got hurt. Nobody got killed. Right. I mean, we're a lot of, you know, anxiety and hysteria. A tire fire. I didn't say nobody got hurt. Remember the one in Hispanic lawyer that got like kicked around on the sidewalk there. And she sued by the counter her. Yeah. Right. But I'm talking about nobody got to see this. No, just a scratch. Maybe I'm wrong about that. In fact, the only major episode that we hit in that regard could have happened when Rick Sanchez was frankly trying to call the cart. It was on his way across the causeway there to Miami Beach. Remember that? You were trying to intercept the motorcade. You had them turn around and go back and luckily the film the cell phone was busy. I remember that. And because just like Elliott Rodriguez was busy and those and around down in Cuba right now Rick Sanchez, it wasn't enough to be a reporter. He was going to make the news. Just like well, Blitz Creek is over there now in CNN last couple of days. Oh, we've got these exclusive pictures. And nobody else has been able to see this rubble here in Bethlehem and look at look at looking at me what I'm doing over here. I'm a big shot, you know. He's a freaking news reader. That's all he is. Just like Rick Sanchez is another one on news reader who squats over to Mappalash and drops the big bomb. But he was going to make that call and get that cart turned around over there. I don't remember the reasons why and I don't want to remember because there was so much crap that when I'm going to deal. But he was a hairs breath away from it. Oh, that was when they were taking a kid over to see sister Jean. That is anything we've seen. Right? Yes. And they finally worked out that deal. It was even tougher negotiations than the Israelis and the Palestinians. And they finally got the cavalcade, the motorcade going over there across the cosway of the beach. And here's the schmuck, this tub of crap. And the guy that hit in that car by the way is still there. I've just thought I mentioned that. And don't talk about that too much anymore, but that guy is still there. All stalled in missing girl case. A clash between laws respecting privacy and those urging open government installed a panel's investigation into the disappearance of that five-year-old girl, Lydia. No soon read Governor Jeff Bush's Blue Ribbon panel met for the first time yesterday. When the head of the child welfare agency that lost track of the girl blocked it sharing case records. That's more boxed in psychopaths out the baseball game last night. See, I always got to keep that sports stuff going for him. Okay, to keep his interest. Keep me awake, please. It is a sports nerd. The only incurrenting head of Florida's Department of Children's Families told panelists that making the documents relating to really Wilson's public, uh, public would violate the girl's privacy rights. I would like nothing better than have the records open to the media, but also incredibly mindful of the confidentiality and that we have a missing child TV. The governor's office in the state of attorney general will still try to work out how the panel could discuss the case in private without violating the state's laws governing opening mean. Oh yeah, right. Who the hell are these people? Can this is something from like a comedy show? This is a news day, no less from the associated press. This is more like something out of a certain act live governing opening mean he's government in the sunshine, right? And I'd like to remind anybody who forgot that that basketball arena downtown was built because of the fact that Mayor Pinguapakania got elected largely in part on his pledge to the public that he wasn't going to give any more public money to build any more stadiums or arenas for these multi-billionaires. That was what put him over the top and being elected mayor the first time. And then as soon as he got in there, the first thing he did was have a back door and not in the sunshine, but in the dark, in the dark in an alley somewhere with Mickey Eros and and they cut that deal. And they put that thing on a ballot and they were to the cock guys so if you're for it, you vote no and you're against it, you vote yes and Mickey's going to pay for the building itself and we'll cost anything except millions and millions for the rest of your life. And they pulled it over on the public because again, there's no such thing as government in the sunshine and corrupt Florida, especially South Florida. Anyway, authorities are trying to determine still how really a van is 50 months ago while in state custody. The tech is our treating or disappearances a possible homicide. Don't you think that's a little bit of an understatement? Uh, yeah. Bush wants the panels in a report made 20th and a final report June 3rd. panel members said those deadlines will be difficult to meet if they can't review records. I would like every piece of information but the privacy and confidentiality issues and so on must respect said David Lawrence Jr., the panels chairman. Kurnie's department reported William missing April 25 after losing contact with the girl. She was placed in state custody in 1996. They reported her missing long after losing contact with her. We will never ever be perfect ever said Kurnie who took over the department 1999 except full responsibility. Well, let's put his name on list to our at it. Let's put him on Aaron, who'd you like to pull a switch on? Who'd you like to fry this week? In fact, you know something that might be a good feature on the show, the fry e of the week on the new Rogers show. We can have some of these notes sparky anymore. We can like wheeler right in there. I'm sure we'll find some room. In fact, maybe we can put in the old place over there on Sheridan Street. Don't you think that the ambiance is perfect for that? I drove by at the other day. I don't think there's anything in the right now. Yeah, we can put old sparky in there with the rats and roaches crawling around like Hank used to say the right and fest that bug and fest it. And like we can the fry people are right on the air. Sounds like a winner. Oh, 98. Share. Did we find out if Bill O'Reilly shows on an end market by the way? Not yet. Ha ha ha ha. It debuted yesterday, but evidently not in South Florida or if it is, nobody's talking about it. I'd be delighted to promote that show. Why not? Who cares? We got this one and we got that one. Why the hell not? We like everybody are getting a shot. Even our fascist, the pompous ass like him like Bill O'Reilly. Twelve minutes after 10 at 5, 60, WCM don't forget to go to the ball game. And I've had lots of company out there. We want to break the 7,000 market about Mark. Don't you? Wouldn't that be great? Get over 7,000 for the first place, Marlons, of course. I think they see pets in trouble already. He said the m word on issue. We don't say that for the first place, not Florida baseball team. I'm going to tell you right now, if they can get over 7,000 for the game tonight. I said, I can smell new stadiums. Get you smell it. I think so. If you're new to the area, you've been living under a rock. You don't know what you're missing until you try the world famous, little Alkabus in their boss carpenters in your field beach. Crazy John is still at it boy. Pump it him out by the millions. Don't forget the awesome taste of White Castle up north. They stayed with you for a week. Only at the little Kabus, they don't stay with you that long. They'll keep you busy. The little Kabus burgers are got those great, real onions, pickles, ketchup, must do cheese if you prefer. And of course they serve mind- Delicious score just steaming little buns. The little Kabus also serves Kone Island to cut french fries, sobriety hot dogs with all kinds of good crap on them. And great chicken fingers, wings and chicken sandwiches. If you came to Florida to fish diving with tasty fried fish sandwich, add onion rings in a soda, you're right unless they're in a cost of feet of family of 20 in a third world country. The little Kabus eat in draft through or down onto the stars right outside on the patio. Why do they watch all the goofballs who work up there? They're at that train that keeps going around and round right over their head. The little Kabus lunch in dinner every day, seven days a week Friday and Saturday, open late till 10. The Kabus is on power line, bro, just something else, bro, and dear field. And be sure to tell that old pity, Lenny, lose my number, pity, sent you by. I don't care what mommy says about the meat, guys. What's to know, your day? The McDonald's, the days in one, the sports video 5, 60, 2 a.m. The old Rogers God. What kind of a father was Robert Blake? Not your average mother? What does that mean? I was frightened. Constantly in a fetal position was really horrible. Was he ever violent with you? Yes, absolutely. So in the do you think there is any way that your father might have committed this crime or ordered this crime to be committed? Yes. Has your father said to you, can you guilty? Yeah, did he? And daddy's guilty. Is that correct? Absolutely. I have a signed piece of paper from him that says he did it. My father is severely guilty. And a whisperer that he does is he's only got one vote. He's tied for last with Pan's smart on our survey. We got 136 votes. Who would you most like to pull a switch on? And a good old Bobby Blake and Pan's smarty table. And I think you brainwashed the audience, George. With all that crap about the bitch had to come in. The bitch had it coming. And Luke held her, the mailbox bomber that we've been talking a lot about today. He's only got four votes. I guarantee him, Tia, that if he wouldn't have been planting his damn mailbox bombs out there in a Midwest and in Texas and all those places distant from South Florida, if he would have put him like in for Ryan and plantation in Hailea and in a four-laterdale and people would have been crapping in their pants about open up their mailbox again and people would have been their hands and heads maybe blown off. I guarantee you'd have more than four votes, see. But it's kind of a distant thing. It really is exciting. It's Alihan. In addition, which he's like, you know, he's harmless looking. He's like, nerdy looking. He looks like a nerd. A nubbish. Exactly. Couldn't have said it better myself. They said a nerd and probably smoke too much bad pot. Just look normal. No, I can't. Same thing. Smoke too much bad pot. There's a good lesson for all you kids. You're going to start doing a lot of unacceptable things in destroy your life. So smoke some good pot. That's a message on the meal Roger show. If you're going to smoke some wacky weed, get some good crap. George, you'll hook you up. No, I won't. Tom. Okay, Simcent. What do you give him some good numbers? Just like Hank, what is book? He's given good numbers. In fact, when he heard George's cell phone rang during the middle of the show, it's a good thing. One, you know how we get how we get the faxes from the sports there. We also get the book he's calling our cell phones, which really pisses me off. Oh, I'd rather hear from them than T Lane. Now, see, OJ will win this hands down, but like I said, I put them on there so that a lot of people don't feel like they've had their venue, their taken away from them. They had the new to lunch or whatever. They want to vent. They hate you like poison OJ. Go away. Move the Mississippi, okay? Go to Alabama with a van to one, you need. Just get that out of here. We can't stand you, but the only guy likes you is Roy. In fact, I wouldn't be surprised if he even fill us in Scuran or get a little sour on that piece of deck all the way down it. Guess who else is a big fan? I give up. Somebody that hates you loves OJ. Remember that golf tournament? Break HHU. I just, I don't want to bring up old, uh, open up old wounds again, but another disgraceful chapter in a long, long sad saga of the QAM deal. OJ 55 Susan Smith 23 and creates 21 John Walker Lim 14, father, Shanley 11, father Gagon 10, Luke held her only four in Panespart and Bobby Blake like I certainly want to piece as far as we'd love to pull the switch on. Well, here's some good stuff, okay? For those of you who slabs out there like me, group fights for your right to eat that fatty burger. All right. Always getting all these other groups, these goody two shoes groups, and I think a lot of people are getting sick and tired of them. Because I know every time I mention about this is bad for you and about diabetes and stuff, you ought to insert going into a coma. They don't want to hear that. They want to be encouraged to eat crap. They like crap. Don't you agree? There's no one who likes somebody preaching on the water, bad, and summery, and artichoke on a new way. Good. So, it's a happy sort of to feel today and all right, they want to eat some good tasting crap. A lot of fat dripping down their fat fingers and sugar. On to their shirt like fat rich with a show in at least that way you can see what they had for lunch when they were in it on their shirt. You talk about wearing your feelings on your sleeve. We're talking about wearing your meals on your on your, on your, on your, public like on your shirt. I'm then you. Yeah, like a road map to what I ate today. In fact, when surprised me if Eric's sitting up there, probably in his T shirt and shorts up there in Orlando, he's probably sitting there with like a several, I don't even want to think about it. Several remnants from this morning's breakfasts. There are groups in Washington lobbying for the environment for the environment endangered species, public health, and hundreds of other causes, but who looks out for junk food? A group called the Center for Consumer Freedom is taken up the cause. A coalition of more than 30,000 restaurant and tavern owners is standing tall in defensive fatening food, its motto, protecting personal responsibility and protecting consumer choice. The Center, which was set up in 1995, sees itself on the front lines of the battle to defend Americans' right to gorge on artery clogging burgers, splurge on waistline expanding donuts and guzz a liver-hardening alcohol. Oh, it's big and donuts, guess what they got up here now, crispy cream. That's all you need, no, I have not had any. Yeah, I can't believe they had only three. The group has stepped up at efforts beginning with an advertising blince on Washington's radio air wave. It says it fears government meddling in America's diets through the imposition of fat taxes on foods ranging from fatty meats to sugary treats, fat tax. That's not a bad idea, you know what? What took him so long? Fat tax, in fact, just in that building alone, we could help support the whole goddamn economy for about six years, just in a week. Fat tax on Josh Friedman, the beast, me, Hank, who else? I'm some other people we don't want to mention because we'd like them. Or we like Hank too and a beast, but we're fat. No specific proposals have been presented to Congress, but the Center for isn't taking any chances. It plans to spend hundreds of thousands of dollars taking the edge to other cities soon. For a coalition of restaurant and tavern operators, Ally, to get the defythegrowing movement of food cups and public health cell, it's people who want to technically want to eat and drink and how to live your life said, Mike Burrita. Burrita, the communications director, what a cute name I want to feed to Taco Bell. Probably, probably his favorite is that Burrita Supreme. In one of its radio ads, the Center warns a fat tax on such foods as nachos and donuts, would make you all make all you weak snack food centers pay for your polyunsaturated transgressions. The Center's principal targets are the Center for Science in the Public Interest, the CSPI, which advocates health your eating habits and you're very favorite, you're favorite in the world, people for the ethical treatment of animals which urges people to stop eating meat, petta, file. It's basically sophomore egg-none-nothing propaganda that seems to be into discouraging people from paying attention to the impact of diet on health and microjacups and the CSPI's executive director. They're trying to deny a huge body of scientific evidence that associates the high-chloric, fat and salt content of restaurant foods with obesity, heart disease and other health problems. Both the CSPI and petta endure a stetitable taxes on fatty foods and other unhealthy now here's an interesting word. Yeah, COME, STI, BLES, Commissables. Yes, what am I favorite? Tell us that. Should? Anything you can eat? A Mestables? Anything that you can ingest is a commissable. In the history of my life I never heard or saw that would be full. I love that word. It's not even 10, 30, we're learning again boys and girls. All our words, they never heard before on the new Roger show commissable. It's like vittles but bigger. I see. Are they tender? Both the CSPI and petta endure a stetitable taxes on fatty foods and other unhealthy commissables, but they're concentrating their efforts at the state level where they see better chances for success. They reason that since states and federal government tax alcohol and tobacco which can have health consequences, why not tax junk food too? They're finding sympathetic ears in some state legislatures. California considering imposing a US-2 sense of can and attacks on soda and other pop CSS US because this is the Canadian national post. So they always put in their US because Canadian money worth a crap. They're considering imposing two-centic attacks on soda and other pop and devoting the $250 million that would raise defying childhood obesity. Did you say other pop? Pop. That's what we call soda up here. I know. Well, I'm Rochester Ontario, Western New York. We call it pop in New York City to call it soda. You want a soda? See to me, soda is like with ice cream in it. That's a soda. I know. I've got in lots of arguments. I used to call it pop. I've got a lot of crap for it. Well, guess what, you're right, and they're all wrong. They're all full of crap. Let me go back to New York, okay? Let him pop this. The move was abandoned after it failed to win the support of legislators, but the Center for Consumer Freedom Group season is just one battle in the war on junk food. Several other states already impose additional taxes on soft drinks. How do you like that, huh? The government fraternity of food cops, health enforcers, militant activists, meddling bureaucrats and violent radicals who think they can decide better for you what's best for you are not just attacking restaurants, they're attacking liberty to center ones on its website. People should be making their own decisions about what products they choose to consume. I don't want anybody imposing their dietary beliefs on me, he'd be saying. Lin Beckworth, who's the Senior Vice President of the National Association of Convenience Stores, where they want to pedal a lot of that fattening crap, because that's mostly what they sell convenience stores is booze, a lot of retickets, and crap. FNA, amen. That's why we like convenient stores, because it's convenient to get a lot of crap there. 1026, so there's something to this for all new people out there that like just picking out. Don't be interfere with my Nestle's turtle, okay? I'll eat whatever it hell I want and I'll serve the consequences. And you'll all pay for it. Hey, speak in a pan for it, you'll have to pay big bucks to get you a great name brand mattress. In fact, you can save a ton of cash and time and money. Isn't cash and money the same thing? Like I said, time cash money by calling 1-800 mattress. These are the best people in the world who do business with when solving your next mattress that's why I always use them because they make it a piece of cake to do it. It's easy, just one easy phone call, and that's all you have to do. You'll talk with people who read their crap, they'll hook you up with exactly the type of mattress that you want and the brand name that you love the most. They carry all the top brands like Serta and Celi Simmons and King Coil. And when you do business with that, a mattress on like any place else in the universe, you pick the day and the two are window. Any day, seven days a week, any time like between one and three, two and four, three and five etcetera. When you want to deliver it, other words, when it's convenient for you when you're going to be home. So instead of sitting around wasting even more time waiting for delivery truck to show up, they'll be there on time. And you also get a third day, 30 day in home comfort guarantee. So you can test the mattress the right way by sleeping on it and doing your thing on it. So if you want to get a great new mattress, top brands in the name on Vitable prices, call dial a mattress, they'll be there knocking on the door no time at all. Call 1-800 mattress, 1-800-MATT-T-R-R-S, or check them on them at the wicked worldwide. So you know, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I love chocolate. I love chocolate. I think people who don't like chocolate are unammeric, and I think they're communists. Commonista, commonista, are you as chocolate big with Cubans? Yeah, you better believe it. Well, maybe I don't believe it. What does that mean? I don't know any group that it's not big with. Palestinians, maybe they could get some. I don't think they could afford it. Certainly not the good Belgian chocolate, like the Diva. Anyway, an environmental group sued chocolate manufacturers yesterday, containing chocolate contains, wait a year, this. Potentially hazardous levels of lead and cadmium, and should carry warning labels, just like cigarettes and other certain products that are forced to carry warning labels, like this product's going to kill your ass dead. The E. D. dead. The suit by the nonprofit American Environmental Safety Institute alleges chocolate products exposed consumers, especially children, to potentially dangerous levels of the metals. Our state investigation last year discounted lawsuits claims on the US Food and Drug Administration researchers have found children younger than six weeks lots of chocolate taken six percent or less of the total day amount of lead allowed by law. So even these kids are eaten chocolate by the pound full, they're still getting like six percent or less of the total day amount of lead allowed by law. And attorney for the company's name in the suit including Hershey Foods Corp, Nestle, USA Inc. Uh-oh. And of course, you know what, uh, Nestle turtle, what most of that is beside the sugar. Chocolate? Chocolate? And craft food's North America Inc. said the lawsuit was baseless and attempt to extort a settlement. The lawsuit filed in Los Angeles Superior Court Six in part the force to victim the firms to include warning labels on the products under requirement of California's Proposition 65 that individuals be warned before they're exposed to dangerous chemicals. Scientific testing found lead in cadmium levels and products like M&M's presented a clear and present danger to the health of our children and maybe that's the reason why those strange people are out there in the street court is selling? M&M's? Right, absolutely correct. Have you ever taken a look at those folks and we've tried to get the answers on a million times. I'm not sure what's that all about? Who are those people and where did they steal? I mean, where did they get those M&M's? It's about to try to poison your children. Michelle Corrash, no relation to David and attorney for the chocolate company said the two metals are present naturally in chocolate and other foods but in levels two low to poison he has it. In other words, you know, past me to God name Hershey Bar. Pass me the stickers, pass me the turtle candies. Pass me the fish food. Pass me the chocolate marshmallow, pass me the rocky freaking road baby. Pass me that big half thing of cadmaries, chocolate crunch. Okay, you need to stop. Why? Pass me the big- oh, oh and you're gonna, you're gonna start hyperventilating when I tell you this. Let me just finish this thing. We will vigorously defend the safety of our products Corrash. And our greater concern is getting the word out to these claims are totally without basis and just designed to scare people. Get them all worked up into a frenzy. Just like that. Anyway, I don't think you're ready to hear this. I'm ready. Yes, what kind speaking of candy was it where we talking the other day? See, we talked too much about fatening food on the show. That's why I'm still fat. Not that I'm eating any of it, but I am. Remember I was talking about Hano. It's really big. I mean, they started this a few years ago, but now every kind of candy bar that's ever been invented is got an ice cream that's loaded. In fact, the ones up here, like in a leader, which is a little more than a court, we figured out, it shows you on a package more than two bars of whatever kind of candy that is around here, two full bars, crunched up in the inner. Yes, what candy? Yes, what candy? And I don't want to admit that I had any. He's got its own ice cream. Smarties. That they do have that, but I mentioned that the other day. Score. Oh. Well, this isn't that going to be just like it. And of course, there's a heat bar crunch. Ice cream has been out for a long time. Right. The Ben and Jerry's thing. So is it not going to be like real similar to that? No. They had to change that name didn't they? For one. To English. I don't know. I don't know the flavor. I think heat bar is there. I have a little one you're talking about. It's pretty good. You put that in the microwave and all the toffee in there starts melting in the ice cream. Oh, my god. About 35 seconds for a pint. Okay. Take it from the expert 35 seconds on high and you microwave. And then you just when you put your spoon in it and the spoon starts like leaning over a little bit. Then you know, it's cooked. It's cooked. It's cooked. It's melted. That's right. Stick it right in your back. Don't use the erectile thermometer. Please. Not any rice cream. Not a good idea. Ice cream. We all scream when we found out it was the wrong thermometer. And then the score ice cream and experience that will lead you breathless as Jerry Lewis would say. Guess who wrote breathless? Otis Blackwell. Well, who was black and he's dead. And he was well. He was a great guy. He was great. He was great. He wrote all of it. Don't be cruel. Was the other of us stuff he wrote? I forget. But he's dead anyway. I'm not ready. Outstanding. Oh, this is he those those guys back there and those days fats, water and fats, domino and all those all those charges. They were the best. They were the real, the R&B crowd. See Bill Haley had that little little that strange, curly cuter when they call those spits. Spit the thing. Spit curl. Now what they call them? That's what it was. A spit curl. Right. Great balls of fire, fever. I'm looking at this so bit again. Yeah. Mother's spreading it out. Okay. Well, I think we covered that adequately. It seemed to be extremely worked up about this because you got to talk about. It's just a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a quiver night talking about breasts and the armpits and eating ants. How do you like to have a big one speaking of the dirty boys? We're talking of course about a big impressive worthwhile paycheck. If you'd like to have one if you'd like to be able to have a few bucks who can do whatever you want to do and maybe you could afford to get laid once in a while even respectively, then fast-ranking up your achieve all those things you want in a brand new career and they can up your do that in just four short months too. You can literally double the size of yours your paycheck by becoming a computer professionally for the summer's over. Fast train offers Microsoft certified instructors no payments for a four year job placement Assistance they in even classes too and of course now because they've got four convenient locations and they'd brown and including that brand new one and highly congested Kindle there's no excuse to wait any more Okay, we've been talking about these until you're blue and a face so call these people right now There's no obligation column toll free at 1 866 fast train or check out their website Who want to get more info at fast train dot com fast train can really have you certified and ready for that new career in his little four months So instead of selling you for a small puny one Get yourself a big impressive paycheck by calling fast train and getting started on that training to a great job right away Call 1 866 fast train and don't forget all fast train locations are licensed by these state commission for independent For more information Can beat that gator me I So roll the 83 Cadillac build It's the take to the cities just don't sell I bet my caviar wheel It was just sundown in a small white town They calling each cop on the hill Well, in the app from man walks through the white land Houses when I'm the sail I was standing on a corner selling rat CDs One of the little grenade jams Yeah, get it right in my teddy c'mon The teddy c'mon, the needin' no idea It was the leader of a two-club flag We've been on the bed Don't the pole Oh, it's the line I grew up In the afternoon I'm a two-to-lab Two to ride high I suck my f**k through the sh**t Turn right I hop to the cell and stay beside the Got my fast looking like a sea star I put them across and I was on my way Into a dirty pool I'm pretty sure I've been raised for so long I jumped up the back window But I did it He was right in my two-bop Oh, we need to do the left He beat me to the right And the mother f**k with my ass Wow, yeah, yeah But I ain't mad And I'm pretty just dead That's the best damn f**k you I ever had I'm a family leader The bottle of wine Come on f**k you there We're just one month Go fuck the time The two-z ex Baby that's how we meet Come on, we go to the hall Got the door Smoke that come we'll And that the mayor won't bear We take our turn Sinking in pretty rapsomes Stop it, hit the moon like teachings All we sell takes a bunch And I'm called So roll, roll, roll my joint Pick out the seats And stand up A rock You and I are sailing along the palm And there's a scape No beaten rear to the moon So roll, roll The 83 Calacum to build And the tapes in the cities Just don't sell I bet my cabby win A miffy snitty And Holly will eat Can't agree But damn she looked good. You took her to my house because she was fine, but she went down a That was bigger than mine I mean, please copy from Japan Never made up with the Africa I Just want to To our squad eight that Fuck you like shrimp brother. I don't pay it Hey, stories I tell you tell you Women in the heart of all school You had a big button big titties too So I hopped in her ass like a candy move See I met this woman from the waist Snuck it in her ass and she said hey Lips was breakfast She was like dinner titties busted up and with a wide deep punch That girl said it was life in this baby Kentucky Did you set up for us in chicken head? You just Fuck me Oh It was a crazy hat I gave her my secret blender herbs and spices Go fuck god The two zeds Baby that's how we meet Oh We go to go back to the house Smoke that come we move And that the mayor won't hurt We take our turn We got a command George for a great job editing that thing I don't know I'm gonna go six years to get all the bleach in there It was a labor of love You don't hear those sirens do you get out too? I window we do All right good summer for its manager for real Anyway, we got two hundred and five oats on our survey Which one of these people do you're most like to pull the swish on? OJ 78 and we're eight thirty five minutes no contest We know in the beginning he went by our glance live but that's okay We can never stick it to his ass enough and Re8 35 Susan Smith 33 John Walker Lynn 20 Father Stanley 17 Father gig in 12 Luke Skywalker held her the mailbox bomber and I see most people don't know who that is still They know who that led is Two's got eight and pan smart. Yeah, he was a little too fresh Pan smart and Robert Blake each have one see I got a perfect punishment by the way for Luke Lock him in a room with father's family and father game about six months. Yeah, although he's a little bit for them. Don't you think? Wow, he looked he's 21 going on. He looks like about 16. I would say I think he's like on the upper edge of their limit on the outer limits But of course if they're locked in there, I guess they'd have to make do maybe they could shave him up Can't you see the hiss he fight over that? Oh, man They're continuing to like a human sandwich He could be like the meat in the middle of the sal well anyway. You can just use your imagination But I see I don't have any sympathy and you know it's just a matter of time because already You're starting here and you were reading to me some of the stuff from different articles this morning before the show About well he seemed so nice and he was laid back and he never stole a freight train And we have to examine you know what was in that we that he was smoking and how did he listen to one too many curd co-bain records and all this other horse crap You know It's just so basic and simple and the fact is that this society takes things that are so elementary might your Watson and make it into like this big complex So there's nothing complex about it if you can't teach your children the basic difference between right and wrong With or without any religious hullaballu or consequences that go along with it if you have to like have some threatened the threat of punishment Then there's no hope for the human race if you have to threat that you're gonna burn in hell if you break one of the commandments to some of that horse crap Nobody believes that anyway. That's got a brain So that's what it really boils down to just knowing the basic difference like when a dog walks out in the you know in the middle of the road Runs out and run in your driving you don't like run it over. You know you do your best to avoid it They're just certain basic things just because you know it's common basic decency God I think that was your good idea and we can also put cardinal on your like supervised okay, since we got this story next Cardinal law answers questions from victims lawyers and civil lawsuits yesterday He'll be back again tomorrow by the way for more for part two And how come they're calling him burnered now? I thought his name was burnard People do that and I don't know why and I don't know if there's two ways of saying it, but I've always heard You know, I'm I'm looking at this picture And this is from the Aboston Globe he looks like a Saint burnard. Yes got Charles. He's got big fat jowls Cardinal burnard law maintain under oath yesterday They relied on the advice of doctors and subordinates when he approved the transfer of priest accused of sexually abusing children to a new parish There isn't one word that comes out of his mouth that I believe Oh Law was ordered to answer questions from the attorney for 86 people who filed civil lawsuits alleged in law in the Boston Arts Dicis which he heads was negligent and supervising pedophile defraught priest John Gagan and Fail to prevent abuse which we all know everybody with an IQ larger than their goddamn thumbnail No, it's true including you Catholics out there who continue to subsidize this crap The deposition was ordered at the arts Dicis last week back out of a settlement with the gig and victims that would have been worth up to 30 million dollars Law who was withstood repeated calls for his rights and resignation from people to say he's mishabited Sex abuse cases arrived at the downtown court house a mid-heavy security Can imagine why can you know why I mean after all he's a man of the cloth the closed-door Deposition open with his attorney Wilson Rogers Jr No relation by the way making a standing objective the question he's saying the inquiry into the inner workings of the church was In appropriate Oh Right the inquiry into the inner workings of the church was inappropriate. No, you're business. Yeah, or is the mad dog Would say if you say something negative about a damn arena? It's disrespectful. That's his favorite word. This is inappropriate under questioning locks plan They was both a US citizen and a citizen of the Vatican as a cardinal He's technically a prince He said he recently learned of that status. Maybe like to hang out with Prince Can't ask my motto prince or cardinal law. That's gonna be our poll question tomorrow But I must say that it hasn't been something that I've been conscious of in the past 17 years Laws said according to an 88 page transcript of the morning session released by attorneys for the plaintiffs It has been suggested that law could enjoy diplomatic immunity from civil law So it's because did you realize that he's a dual citizen? No, I did not until yes. He's a citizen of the US A and he's citizen of a fraudulent country the Vatican which has its own national status You are aware that the vinyin I have aware of that pseudo nation. Yes, right a scale You could go there and have like diplomatic immunity and go out there and hang out and hide what a cropping a probably hangout with a swish guard Boy, they sure are pretty William Gordon and attorney for the plaintiffs challenge see and you know I'm thinking about this So what's his name again? See I don't know what his name is the your kid the bomb holder Oh Luke, well, that should be easy remember just take a star wars. I'm thinking about Luke And I'm sure that somebody out there would be saying to me. You know if he was like cute if he looked real cute if he looked like Tom Welling you wouldn't be talking about frying his ass You talk about talking about doing something else with it and maybe they might have a point But then we'd fry his ass William Gordon that attorney for the plaintiffs challenge a lot about why he approved gig and transfer in 1984 Even though he'd received letters and other evidence of abuse by gig if see and what I just said was true though You know we we've talked about that we always sympathize more with people that look good Right, you know for example if Susan Smith or Andrea's either one of them had been a real hot babe You wouldn't be having that real hostile attitude right now or a panel of smart No, I can't really With five kids I don't I don't know how attractive you can be to look over that I would say kind of like L.C. the board and cow Anyway, law said he didn't recall reading letters warning about gigans behavior and that doctor said gigan was not a threat I'm sure that the medical assurance was given law said whether was subsequently put in writing in earlier form Given early I cannot say but I can't say without a shadow of a doubt That the letter would never been put before me for a signature had we not the assurance of someone competent to give that assurance that the assignment was safe Right, we're gonna send him somewhere. We'll he'll be safe just like that meeting in Louise in the Bronx where we'll he'll be safe Yeah, he'll be a dollar tower How's the lot's so doing in the clasky Try to be a boy's it's the best in the city He acknowledged over that the arts dice he's had no written policy on handling allegations of sex abuse by priest at the time Gagan is currently serving a nine to ten year prison term after being convicted of sexual molesting a boy He's been accused of molesting more than 130 children That that position of laws a legal rarity for someone of such high church ranking and look at that They're coming to take him away again. There was another guy named ambulance Law said he didn't remember reading a letter from Margaret Gallon. They relative of seven-led's gigan victims Would express disbelief that the church gate gave in another chance to take bread and parish in Boston Nor did he recall a letter from Bishop John Darcy warning him that gigan was unfit to be reassigned. He doesn't remember that Right however law did say he recognized his handwriting on a note forwarding one of the talents letters to Bishop Thomas daily one of his subordinates with instructions Urgent please follow through I wish we had that. I do have that foreigner and urgent you do have that do have that. I'm too lazy to reach over and get it and the 1984 letter. It's much easier to play It's a much shorter reach and the 1984 letter Gallon alleged gigan at abuse seven people while the same end was parish in Roxbury It's just impossible for him not to remember that letter said gigan victim Mark Keen who attended the position I found that the cardinal had some selective amnesia. Oh, I love that term We we work for somebody like that who's always got selective amnesia. Don't say anything and I'm sure you won't Oh, and by the way Greg if you're listening I got the strawberries the ones you've been looking for he's been running up and down the hall last two weeks Rolling those steel balls in his hand looking for the strawberries. I just had a few here during the last break Slice drovers. God. I just love strawberries. You know I mean why don't you have to ask you all the other crap for something sweet When you got delicious sliced strawberries man I got him anyway Mitch Garabidi in the attorney he's kind of a sleaze ball too that lawyer. He looks like Maddie Bell on a bad day He's kind of an ambulance sacer, but nevertheless he happens to be right in this case He fell into a bucket of crap. So you go boy Mitch or Garabidi in the attorney for the gigan victims had law had been quiet and seemed sad during the questioning Laws deposition his schedule continue all day tomorrow and Monday at the art dices chanceyree in Boston He gave a lot of his standard speeches his standard responses to the situation here a BD and B sand laws lawyer Decline a comment law repeatedly emphasized that he relied on the judgment of others He said he was prompted with sign gig into a new parish on the advice of two doctors even though both lack proper credentials and sex abuse matters And what have been accused in the civil lawsuit of molesting one of his patients? Oh, and again please oh please read that again. I'm squeezing myself Law repeatedly emphasized that he had relied on the judgment of others law has said he was prompted to assign gig in a new parish on the advice of two doctors Even though both lack proper credentials and sex abuse matters and wanted been accused in the civil lawsuit of molesting one of his patients Let's hear it. All right. Let's hear it for the father and the son and the holy ghost See if you get upset about these things you might as well just blow your brains out. You know 1056 and 560 WQ I'm time to refresh with a nice I bet you it's coming today I bet you're gonna have a bunch of champion like when I get off the other be message down there you got some packages That's right Packages of delicious refreshing champion life if you're like overwhelmed and overcome not just by the south Florida He'd but by all these pressing issues of the day by all this insanity in the world in which we live and cool off with champion life It's the great news sports ring and you know something I mentioned before about that Pepsi gloothe Come out with this summer champion life beat him to the punch because they got that brand new blue raspberry Which I'm sure is exactly what they're talking about it without all the phison there. There's no phos in Champion lights. You don't have like your stomach churning all day just great delicious taste all the electrolytes You need after work up and no crap. They're using super low's now Which really gooseed up the taste it tastes fantastic in all six flavors of champion life You've got orange and lemon lime and grape and fruit punch and brand new lemonade in that blue raspberry Which is just delicious so instead of making gay to write another crap that's little with all kinds of sugar and calories and carbs Track champion light no sugar no carbs no calories no crap and certainly no Serbatoly there pick it up at your favorite to store if you want to find out where to get champion life All you got it was gonna hold a J. Feele or out there in the practice field. Are they practice and I sure hope not He's the spokesman. That's right J. Feele or maybe someday you can make $25 million and get it yours as big as his or just look up their website They'll tell you exactly where to be going champion light. Elbott I'll be you. Chancarles springs 14 South Florida stores I like it. I like it Hello, this is Bob Kucyony publisher of penthouse the magazine for men who Gensy McGetter real woman in our next issue I'm proud to say we are presenting pictures of that sexy Russian tennis star with the size 30 secs The lovely and I'm gonna cover She really turns me on Now, I'm sure you've heard that lawyers from his corner cover saying that those Hawking headlights and penthouse are tires Well, I'm looking at these photos right now and oh I am one extremely turned on 71 year old poor and better. Oh, I am so turned on and Well, let me ask you this does it matter if the sexy pictures of this gorgeous young topless thing are an accordicova or not Of course it doesn't the point is they're hot Oh, I'm but you're telling the penthouse the magazine that's fun to read in the outhouse I heard there were really pictures of Jan or Reno. I could be wrong 1102 or 560 WM It's thunder ring. It's lightning. It's cloudy. It's raining. It's great. I got the window open for some good sound effects Oh, it's here it. See one thing about spring and the northern hemisphere at least in the North America Is that every day is like something different follow what I'm saying little varieties of post-airvd It's like 92 and hot in human use fits right brains out not that I'm putting down the weather any place Because it's not a good day here. I have no complaints though. I want you in the can you hear that? No Oh, that yeah thunder thunder enlightened, baby So maybe the power go out and I'll have to go out to lunch early Anyway, this is good. This isn't good stuff here. Screen and rapsity over hit award London British rock band Queens and during hit bohemian rapsities the name the nation's favorite single of all time Oh, that's not a surprise is it no now how about when we did that long Oh, that like thing which we might have to do again very soon by the way I enjoyed that although I enjoyed the thing with the Things that we did a couple days ago that went over like a pregnant pole pole vault around the fourth of July and Miami Beach wasn't that yesterday Do we do yesterday or the pole with the themes right? I Thought you were just I'm lost. I'm lost. No, whatever was I'm just saying we we tried to reprise that other by playing those themes And just the nobody we're having interest as I told you British rock band Queens in during hit bohemian rapsities The name the nation's favorite single of all time the song beat John Lennon's imagined to claim the top slot in the pole organized by the Guinness World Records British hit Singles book what you say? I was just gonna ask myself that question the red the Guinness World records British hits Singles book the Guinness World Records British hit singles book. Well, they have to say it slowly you have to announce See a what was that word I learned before? Commestibles. Oh, I love that. I thought that was they built the people in the bill Cosby show Bohemian rapsity a six minute epic which was eight minutes Oh, so I when I was starting to say before I interrupted myself with a crap which we both got lost on when we did the pole on the music It was a stairway to heaven as usual came out on top right correct But wasn't Bohemian rapsity wait a hell up there also it ranked very well But stairway it haven't always wins in America Whenever the rock I don't want to hear stairway to heaven. Okay. I'll hear it ever again. No In fact, you know something I don't want to hear Bohemian rapsity again either. I still like I mean it was it was great But I just I don't want to hear it for him. I'm ratcheting a six minute epic which was I didn't know some people by one of the first videos First up the UK charts in 1975 and we've all seen it a million times back when Freddie Mercury was still alive by the way I remember that it did so again in 1991 when a fundraising version was released following death of the band singer Freddie Mercury There's my second powers again acting up all the way did see that it also gained for the repeal in 1992 and appeared one of the most memorable scenes in the American comedy film Wainsworld Wainsworld The band's guitarist Brian May said it's become a classic phenomenon in no one and one which no one will ever allow us to forget But they sure get carried away. Don't they those brits too much in that royalty crap too much pop and circumcised They sure get emotional. Just like with Diana and the queen mom they get to emotional about crap You know, it's sad when somebody dies like that or when somebody gets to be 100 one there's nothing sad about it Get over with already Per the inch you couldn't see a guy damn thing she couldn't hear she was like a like a breathing vegetable there put a route of her misery Well, he me'm rhapsody was the first single to go to number one twice in the same version. Did you know that? No Followed earlier this year by George Harrison's my sweet lord, which is on a charts in Britain at 49 That's because he died See now's a good lesson for all you would be musicians out there make yourself a pretty good record Then if you die especially prematurely then it'll come back and be bigger than ever like all of us is stuff Figure it out that never when he was alive. I mean he had gigantic hits number ones, et cetera But now he did like bigger than life itself Who the hell ever wanted to go to grace line when he was alive when it could actually see him in the flesh when he was living nobody might have go there But now that he's dead everybody's slump in a grace land Anyway Well, he mayn't rhapsody is also the only song to have hit the Christmas number one slot twice and because it straddle the new year period Has been number one in four different years. Wow, it has been a total of 14 weeks at the top of the charts again Keep in mind that's the bridge charts we're talking about. I'm assuming because this is a taken from Sunset on CNN.com But it's definitely a bridge thing may and Queen drummer Roger Taylor were presented with an award by British hit See there you go again British pit singles book editor David Roberts had London's Dominion theater yesterday Well, I said it right over presented the ward by British hit singles book editor Did I do something wrong? I didn't hear packet all been out of shape. Of course he's busy looking for the line for the baseball game He's still out of score card already. He's getting a head start leading off Yeah, get out of here with that crap, okay next to be doing Bob Shepherd limitations If by the way, you know Bob you're a great guy. We love the voice and everything But Bob Shepherd just turned 103's even older than the Queen mom time to hang it up Bob, okay? And by the way the Yankees are mediocre at best May said the song was apparently so far event of any rival that even must be for the deadline as positioned in the new poll was unimpeatable Thank you people for the memory. In other words. It was like O.J. on our survey today So far ahead that the result is beyond doubt beyond question Robert said Queen is a band who's achievements are legendary no band apart from the Beatles has had more top 10 hit singles Now that would be true here though, would it? No Fat stomano Elvis Crisley a lot of bands had more than I could look that up into book. Maybe a world during the break I don't want to waste your van your valuable time here Or by the way, let me interrupt myself because I almost forgot look for the QA in van from now to 1230 Verizon Wireless at 132.56 This game Boulevard because Miguel is there. He's got our usual crappy prices Maybe if you're nice, I let you spin it spin the QA in feel that's not 1230 if Verizon Wireless 132.56 Disgain Boulevard now. What were you just gonna mumble? I was gonna say yes. You should look it up because now I'm curious If you realize how far I had a reach for the book about two feet How about Madonna? Since I just happened open to that page. It's getting too close to lunch time to talk about Madonna Now they're classic example of hype don't give me a song that ends about Madonna, okay? You're broken up to wrong tree if you're gonna pedal me Madonna Queen here you go top 10 hits Position let's see, Bohemian rapsy you know that that only got as high as number nine in the States No, I didn't know that yeah, we we are the champions which if I have to hear that again. Oh, I'm gonna be Four but crazy little thing call love was number one for four weeks another one bites the dust was number one for three weeks Queen and David boy, well, that doesn't count does it? Yeah sure he counts for both of them they we did go hanging rapsy made the number two for a week But they didn't have a whole bunch of top what about what did it say again? They had more top 10 hits than any other group than the Beatles. Well not in the US not in the States See in England they were fear the queen here. We like you know They're okay, but we don't worship the queen it was really miles ahead of the opposition But it's interesting looking down the list where there's a good mixture of old and new unlike many polls Which seem to have an imbalance of hits from the last two years our readers voted across all six decades of the single chart Making it the most definitive top 100 ever more than 31,000 people voted the poll of readers of the reference book Half of the top 10 is by linen and the Beatles whose high entries are why what do they say high entries? Why can't they just tell us what number you best you see an end sucks? Who's high entries are hey Jude penny lane strash strash strash sli strawberry fields forever? Which was on one single both sides? Yes today and let it be in all the Beatles managed seven of the top 100 Well, that's not such a big deal not putting the Beatles down of course But seven out of a hundred is that big of a deal? Would you think no not for that in England? The most recent single in the top 10 is Robbie Williams unfortunately angels while the spice girls first hit Fuuuut wannabe is in the upper reaches of the chart with the groups no two become one at seven number 78 and their final release Howard 82 American acts also a fair feature in three and fees by Elvis suspicious minds is number 14 Heartbreak hotel 48 and jailhouse rock 94 two by Michael Jackson. Oh Jesus. I told you they worship Queens Billy Jean 15 and thriller 26 and the Eagles hotel California 17 the British punk scene of the 1970s is represented twice by the Sex pistols with God save the queen see every song over there that's big is got something to do with some queen It's either sung by a queen or it's about a queen and Johnny rotten to queen there. There you go Sex pistols with God save the queen at 65. How's he doing by the way? He's gonna be released later this year to mark the Golden Jubilee and energy at the UK at 96 by and by teenage kicks from the undertone to 74 Okay, well, I was interesting for a while and then as we started getting the real brick crap It got kind of boring. What we're gonna hear that loop go record Look helper the wood look could be helper to one of the were playing yesterday just to make fun of him because he's all that stuff See I don't find anything I'm using about that story to me. It's cut and ride 18 cases of attempted murder life in jail That's it. That's a good way of putting him to death as matter of fact now that you mentioned it cut You imagine how much of the taxpayer money we could save if they would just make me the king of the universe and just sit me up there with those flowing robes I look good in that covers up your fat real good I look real good with those black robes put that goddamn judge Judy's shame. I'll tell you that and Even that weapon or forget about him. He's old news. He's dead meat. Oh, and Rusty died. We did we have that on the ear and not Rusty a couple weeks ago, Rusty from No, I didn't know that he died see I think maybe there was on a weekend that happened and we somehow we try to get the good obituary Is here on the meteorologist show because when you do the show on a town It's dead as a door and anyway, so it fits right in Rusty's dead. What a shame if you don't know the rustiest You wait crap because on Judge Wopner he was the what do they call it the bailer very good the bailer but was he a commestable Not if he asked me 12 minutes after 11 at 5. 60 WCM. Oh, I got a lot of good stuff important stuff You were wasted a lot of time on the bohemian rhapsody. Let's play it You know, Mother's Day is coming up in just a couple days this Sunday this year more than ever We invite you to show mom your real love and appreciation by sending her something worthwhile of Vermont teddy bear Your mom why for grandma receive a beautiful little bear made in Vermont and live her with a free card and candy and a fun gift box Just call a bear counselor at toll free 180029 bear the happy Taylor a bear just for her social show Know you put some real thought into your gift ask about the new spa mob here when you call raks about the mama's boy with a heart shape tattoo Dad don't forget it's your job this year and every year to get a gift from mom from the kids and the mother and cub set is perfect You can add as many cubs as needed to pin in course how many kids you have legal ones that everybody knows about with their little names on the outfits It's a lot more personal and flowers than of course unlike flowers It'll ask the lifetime so call 1800829 bear Delivery is still guaranteed by mother's day no problem at all. It takes a few minutes order You can even send the bear right to the office if you prefer give her a gift this mother's day. She'll remember forever from the Vermont teddy bear company Be sure and tell them that crusty old Neil that old Fag on a radio told you to call 1800829 bear that's 18008 I D R I N dot com We nice and 10 on sports radio 560 2 AM please in our stock Oh Baby You are born to fame Teach me one woman to say your whole name baby My daughter Love the best and net Have you met your uncle son and mar and yet But doctor first be the when you wake up Suppose call me wire of people and the sun When they see a mother with a make up See how they run You want me is Madonna Brothers, they don't live So I'll share with you a call and get you rest Baby You Explore you Bucking up Work about the top 10 thing but in the meantime As a brother who still residence in the com over Massachusetts father Shanley's bail hearing is going on his attorneys asked them to be used to bail from the 750 thousand dollars so they can cut them loose It's called I say what we do is like hang them from a news for about an hour and a half and then we'll go and cut them loose Just like they did with Mussolini remember that I remember I bet you were there I was taking the picture There is a statue of Roots here Yeah, he's got roots that was Alex Hayley got the wrong guy so look what I found What's that Top 40 artist achievements see it's in this book. I said these billboard books if you're a music person the billboard book of top four The complete chart information about the artist and their songs 1955 to the present this one goes through 2000 top 40 artists achievements Now the most top 10 singles and of course this is the US we don't care about the British stuff nobody here Even those Brits out there will listen to the show the silly has Brits or busy with their queens. They don't care They want to know about the US. That's where the real music is plus of course in the on the main land continent not in England Well, they got a few really got a one Oh anyone's going to be released in the States is somewhere. I'm here a lot of other stuff that and I'm going to say it again kid career if you're playing that You're a PM music that we've been bringing here for the last couple months. Maybe you wouldn't be crapping your pants now that TYM is sucking away so much of that audience All that music that we brought that they're playing by the way over their own Disney station and getting that gigantic audience Now what didn't want to do what that over there for all those little punks that they're a programming to all those Lori little punks to once who ran away look about half our audience and that's okay I'm not worried about it. Are you worried about it? I'm not worried about it. Hey, if there's anybody that liked the way this show is going to can suck my ass okay because like today for example I love the tone of the show. I love it You're like the tone of the show today I was top 10's most top today You don't have to suck around okay your job is safe until the next time they bring that up. I don't know. I love the most top Yeah, you love it because you're not doing anything because you're sitting on your ass They're phone out your lineup card for the baseball game that I'm not having to talk to assholes on the telephone The two one like those like those idiots on with sports nerd shows my god fly ball the center field on our worst days Boy, you talk about the colors that we've had and believe me. We've had some of the worst morons in the history of the human race on our worst days We can't come close to those sports nerds those illiterate one dimensional morons and others baseball people to every year month after The every time we get to this time of the year since there's nothing else going on with the limbo period. Oh, yeah Well, we had a great time just like cycle path there give me a song and answer what a good time yet the game last night I'm happy for I'm glad I hope you haven't even better time than I've all the deep right runs. Yeah up up in a way And he's pretty exciting no wonder they don't have anybody out there Jesus they they stuck Jo Angel in the back. Yeah, I see this thing that amazes me. You know like I keep saying there's that certain element of the people like like Psychopath and Norma Kent or overgrown children and no matter how many times they stab you in the back You keep going back from our punishment just like me with the Panthers. They've this member that organization I live five minutes from the goddamn arena. They build it right close by my house Just so it'd be convenient. I get free tickets. I've got great seats And I got news for how many times did I go this season? A handful just a small handful because I'm not getting sucked in with that Fony dog and pony show there put none what's the point? You could take a book in a fly slide there and have a better time And then watch that product. They put out there on the ice that they call a hockey team and by the way last night Don Cherry and coaches corner between a first and second period of the leafs out of a game, which at least one two to one by the way So that's right now Scott Melon be as the best player in the NHL right now Not good enough for the Panther organization, which they basically gave him a way to say Lewis, but right now He's playing outstanding got six goals in a playoff already. Nice gone Scott Yeah, he found out who the real rats were in that organization. Okay Most top 10 singles. That's pretty obvious who all though. You know something that's pretty close I bet you're gonna be surprised at this. Oh hang on You're gonna be amazed Elvis 38 the Beatles 34 Madonna 32 Stevie Wonder 28. This is most singles in the top 10 since they've been recording these charts Elton John number five Michael Jackson 27 Janet Jackson 25 is and that right there together partners in crime I still say it's the same person rolling stones right then I'd big come back to her Maybe they're only they just turn 86 all of them rolling stones 23 Paul McCarty 22 Whitney Houston 22 Miss George Michael 21 Mariah Carey Lee Supreme's in Chicago, which have 20 Rick Nelson had 19 Prince with 19. Ooh Pat Boone 18 and I'll tell you one thing I'll say it again. I don't give a crap what I've right wing son of a bitch. He turned out to be a real major asshole and a folly by the way Well, remember he was doing that thing that guns and roses crap right to try to make her come back Where a lot of luck. One thing about those board again Christians man They would stab their grandma on the back to make 15 bucks easy Marvin gay 18 Then I say Pat Boone 18 like love letters in the sand He did the whistling on that song too by the way on dot records I just mentioned that and passing will screw me there for anybody care about that now Or you're rethrofact on 17 when I see Marvin gay had 18. I haven't got the beach boys yet Did you try to give me a song in advance you read through a 17 that'll make Hank happy Rod Stewart and the temptations each had 16 as did haul and floats and Connie Francis How's Connie they let her out yet? Is she still alive by the way Connie Francis? Yeah, I didn't hear that she died poor Connie I like Connie Francis. Let me her songs were you know kind of small scene. They were like you're not supposed to if you're respectable human being You're not supposed to say like Connie Francis, but I like Connie Francis because I'm not a respectable guy So what do I care did you like Connie Francis? Just fine as far as those kind of singers go right I'm not saying that that's what I'm trying to point on Everybody Somebody What's the I mean psychopat would like that because he's oh, you know a schmuck I like Ron Francis Will you stop with a hockey talk trying to impress me quit sucking around this work on his show Okay, in fact you can you can really be a wizard on a sports talk shows because other than guilty There's nobody in building would oh I got him hockey puck from I from near shoe What did his grace sports station and as a matter of fact I did let's say I don't want to start picking on him again because we have that true school and on right now So I'm not picking on anybody in particular But during the time I was sitting here this morning preparing for this show I didn't hear anything other than the score is just passing reference during the updates I heard no comment about the Stanley cup playoffs about the least one last night in Colorado evening up there series 41 I heard nothing and granted hockey's not a big subject in South Florida about Jesus you you baseball people like psychopat I want to keep you know trying to try to push up that nobody cares about we don't care get get over it Rob all the short yeah right through his legs all look at that he hit it in his rectum Until hidden ball trick again wow pitch. I didn't know billbuck and play short stuff Let's see BG's 15 the Beach Boys 15 Marvin gay had 18 Beach Boys 15 what I tell you George that proves it. Okay Four seasons 15 Olivia Newton John 15 Homerid Mike oh, you know something that's bothering me a lot what I'll tell you after the break Remind me about Olivia Newton John and also seriously it's disturbing me tremendously. Hey, it's a good thing we got side track with that Bohunian rap city those brits always love my brits Oh god, I want to hear that over and over at least till one o'clock 11 26 at 5 60 WQM. How do you like him a big one like what's his name used to Freddie Mercury when he was alive? That's a rumor in fact he might have been on it. Let's guess today if he was still alive. That was a pretty impressive list That thing about charm Cassidy left me speechless and jealous. How do you like to have a big one? Maybe not as big as Sean's I'm talking about a paycheck of course That's what we're talking about here because this is a family show if you'd like to have one and you like to start making your life like A little more meaningful with some cash to do the things you want to do then fast-ranking up you do it They can help you achieve a brand new career in just four months You can double size you paycheck by becoming a computer professional before the summers over So if you're at a dead end job if you're working for a real major asshole with some of us can relate to get you Self-a-great new career fast-trained offers Microsoft certified instructors no payments for a four-year job placement As systems they need in classes with four convenient locations in Dayton Brown included new campus in Kindle now There's no more excuses for you call fast-trained at 866 fast-trained or check them out on the worldwide wicked web at Fast-trained.com fast-trained can have you certified and ready honest to goodness for a brand new career in as little as four months So instead of selling for that small puny unimpressive one get yourself a big fat impressive useful paycheck By getting yourself a great career with our friends at fast-trained calm today. There's no obligation There'll be ecstatic to answer any and all of your questions call 1 866 fast-trained and be sure when you call no matter who answers the phone Tell me the Todd Dreck tour you to call fast-trained don't forget all fast-trained locations are licensed by the All-lay cow Neil Rogers is right the cubs start Craft little records is proud to present the Elvis album everyone's been waiting for it's Elvis in Seattle I don't mind Real man Roll the mouse and pick it up I'm getting hungry I hear it Give me a cheeseburger man and see if the close guy left the Rosaline. I'm getting hungry. That's right the king of rock and roll let's play the king go Have you got a front road ticket a little Jeremy spoke and Class today Elvis covers all the great Seattle baths Bro Jam sound garden and the one that started at all Nirvana no man I'm a lot of Mama Skido Milito Elvis is playing well and rocking Seattle only on Capital records and change Man's we get you Got some tea Hands and holes Man's we'll take Oh You're welcome at 5.60 WDC. I'm got step on me again Elvis. We're gonna do something grow test We'll melt that wax figure of yours. That's in Europe. Crypt that is just a wax figure you understand he's still alive Isn't that pathetic doesn't that bother you a lot? It's like the religion thing. It know it is a religion It absolutely is a religion all these again. It's the fat house wives who don't have time to watch opera because they do busy schlepping the grace land Maybe he was Jesus Could be the second coming it and maybe they'll both come back I'm motorcycle maybe he died for our sins Maybe the other you know something it's Thursday. What's Thursday at the pizza log? Fight night that's right. Maybe they'll be coming to the pizza all you better go out there and have a great dinner And I'd say how to Jeff Cohen in fact if he puts some sandals on he could pass for Jesus easy What do you think he'd have to trim those sideburns or go back here? Tell my CM I always say Jesus Christ. Are you gonna clean up your actor what? Those painted fingernails that long pony tail? Before we get back to the music stuff, which I love that stuff. I don't know about the audience and quite frankly I don't give a crap. How's the pull coming before we get to that? Who would you most like to pull the switch on? OJ as we knew there was no doubt he is off to the races. He's got a hundred need we'd have him lined up from here all the way to Jacksonville And it's a lot further from here to Jacksonville for more you are anyway. OJ's got a hundred here changing again Hate that hundred and ten more than double the next closest competitor which is Susan Smith with 52 and Rehates with 50 a very good race for second place between two of the most obnoxious bitches in the history of the human race Father Shanley and by the way the judges considering the arguments now will you know He'll issue his order at some time to be determined whether they're gonna reduce bail or not and let him go off to Thailand and Coaster week a and Rehates 50 five the Shanley 26 five the Gagon 23 John Walker, Lynn 22 Luke counter the mailbox bomber 12. He's moving up a little bit Luke Luke that's the one who had 18 attempted murders Okay Pamela Smith and Robert Blake still have Pamela smart I say Smith. Thomas Martin Bobby Blake he's have only one of peace So yeah, I think you've taken care of the Robert Blake problem Yeah, those all I've just bastard's in our audience agree with George that the bitch had a comment She was a conniving just obnoxious trailer trace piece of hard artists. He first of all he didn't have to knock her up in a first place I mean he don't look like too much with all his money in fame You would have thought that he could do a little bit better than that. Maybe he would try to She wouldn't tell no lies not the not Bonnie Bonnie Lee Oh, you're right. I think you got it. I think you got it. I started thinking about what she looked like and I mean the whole ambiance All those congreg yeah, she deserved it that bitch too many waited so long. Hey here's some good news What it's picking a janirino? West Wing TV president to stump arena one Florida that's gonna put it over the top So to speak boy no word yet another president Clinton will come to Florida stump for his old attorney general But janirino may have found the next best thing a pretend president Martin's sheen who plays president Joe's Josiah Bartlett NBC's hit Graham of the West Wing which have never watched and won't it's coming to Florida's a good show I've never seen a second of it neither why I don't know why I'm probably watching hockey games It's coming to Florida in early June to raise money and rally votes for the real former U.S. attorney Generals bid to one seat Republican governor Jim Bush we know campaign announced this week no chance Janet sorry no chance. I would I'd vote for if I was there if I felt like voting again, which I don't but you got no You got two chances none and much much much much much much much less than none no chance Bush of course is already gotten millions and dollars worth of help from his brother who just doesn't play president on TV That's right if you don't mind of this before name is president Bartlett Joe We know campaign spokeswoman Nicole Harberger when asked for details of sheen's visit Mr. Sheen is a great admirer of Janet's he believes he had tremendous record was very impressed with her 10 years attorney general Sheen will host fund raises an old fashioned political rallies in South Florida or land to And possibly one other location in the state Harbor grissette maybe this is a harbinger of things to come She did not offer specific dates Reno's dipped in the Hollywood of probably before for help. He raised money in Los Angeles and attended an Oscar's party with singer I'm ready. Come on Rocket man out in John right now. What do they have in common? Jan arena when I'm John That's right they both were big freaky glasses And you know something about it if he was still alive She'd probably been there with Freddie Mercury to it the Oscars Bob Joe host rosio Donald you see a pattern here now Huh who who was leading the charge to be vote floor does ban on gay adoptions Which even the brits are laughing at floor to not like everybody else in the world and certainly the Canadians here Also hosted a fundraiser for our last year in Miami rosio Donald Elton John and Martin Sheen Now at least we know Martin Sheen is a heterosexual because he's had like children you know a couple of kids Well, at least we think he is Charlie Sheen who can to get it Out of his own way and of course a mediocre estovaz or is the bird used to say a mediocre ester vase Was that good movie he was in it was the good movie but had a lot of those of people in it see Thomas how Um The outside the outside is yes, thank you Pat the outside is good pat outside is a play baseball outside in Los Angeles The dome stadium so pack him relate to that the outside is very good and the two one It was a little bit morbid though and depressing Tom cruisers in that movie too Tom cruisers in there and also the kid with the eyes that watch something and but he looked he looked pretty good in that movie Ralph Marcia I was in say that no, no, he wasn't like he was in there But I'm not talking about him. He's that did is a punk. You know he got married when it was about eight years old Ralph Machio to Pat Marida I think so I think that we're doing now he did. I'm serious he has a wife. You know he's got got married when it was about like 14-15 Something very young. I don't know something silly Maybe that's he maybe he was doing too many karate chops Who's the other one? I'm think of that's what the punk didn't I mad Dylan yeah, no He wasn't in that movie. Yes, he was sure I think that must have just seen it that Dylan was in the outside I got see I hate to break the news to you, but I'm way ahead of you right I think you're right, but the point of the and you left out see Thomas how it was is very important You already said that I know but I want to see it again outlaw blues out of order you're out of order Don't want to let him systems out of our I love that scene That is one of my favorite scenes in a history of mankind. Don't you love that? I love it But I like how but you know I like he put I love movies, you know So except of course that one movie that you didn't see which I hope if you live long enough you might see no Like the woman yeah, what is it? Oh, yeah Could be one of the all-time worse than certainly the worst movie he was ever okay the outsider Onal that's not it the outsiders yes, okay? That's still not it you know how many movies there are named the outsiders about a hundred Francis Ford copal has got to move with the outsider. That's it that's the one oh that's it I didn't know Francis Ford copal had to work to that movie I might see again we learned something my god I'm gonna have all kinds of commas tables for lunch Or maybe I'll invite maybe I'll invite Luke over have combustibles. You're not the one about Patrick's ways Are you if you know how I despise Patrick? I know how he was not in this movie Yes, he wasn't a movie. Yes, he was can I just read the list here without your mumlin around here What kills him good time the outsiders with tussie Thomas Hall Mac Dylan Ralph Machio who it says you're got married when he was three Patrick's waysie Roblo Right Emilio Estevez there were a lot of pretty boys that will be Tom Cruise blend with row Diane Lane leaf gear at oh leave I wonder if Tanner knows about that Tom waits and S.E. Hinton and doesn't even name the one I'm talking about but he was definitely in there He played the one the the kid that was visiting What's his name Emilio Estevez and jail with a sunken in eyes somebody will facet it to his please 305 65 O19 because we're not answering the phone for that you know what I'm talking about? Nope Well somebody will let us know somebody we know is their crap. He has something in eyes. Yeah Kind of kind of like a cool eyes. You know I'm talking about like with ring around a collar He had like ring around the eyes. You as soon as we tell you he was also in a movie called fire something fire eater fire something Was that it? I don't know I started it was a little girl. Who bear more? Sorry And the board goes back 10 for 1141 at 560 QAM the weather starting to get really hot again Summer storms and a possibility of her coupons follow soon get prepared for a major storm and discover What thousands of people have done to protect their homes call all weather systems all weather systems has been in business for over 15 years And their state license FEMA project impact contractor All right, I have one of those boys footboss when the kids in the middle of the year The plane over the road genius say our old no lion king listen How many hits songs to many but taking say I'll tell you You know that was that the people that has been hanging around with I was gonna suggest that maybe she's become a flag Hag but I think maybe there's one word too many in that sentence Anyways, 1146 at 560 WQM. It's a good thing I don't have to depend on the audience you didn't get any faxes about that Did you know you're not getting any faxes about anything or about anything no, it's been dead Really although it says receiving page one right now. I don't know how much you would know Like Craig Schaffers the name I'm looking for you don't know who that is doing That name before but I don't know what he was right Jeffrey wasn't some silly movie about this I think was a Catholic school and a girls academy was like across the street and they had this I saw that at the lead. Yeah, they had a big dance and he went with a girl and they He started to fire or something like that. I had that was how about and by the time you made that movie his eyes were like something in about an inch and a half like Rat Koon eyes Yeah, he was he was in the outside of everybody was in there Everybody who ever looked good including and also pepper swazzy who never looked good getting back to that Oh and also I got to get to that thing about the guns. I'll get to that next hour. Don't let me forget Okay about John asked croft in the abortion administration these champions of Freedom for gun nuts. Yeah, too, but of course this kid Luke he also beside the six other bombs yet in the car He had guns and he was the fastest when it cops could come out of his car when they find a got him He was quizzing them about their firearms. He might have no details about this one and that gun and how is your peace? What's your peace doing? Yeah, we need a lot more guns. That's what the bush people tell you And it's not just because the NRAs got their office right there in a White House like they were bragging and because they got them by the balls They control a whole goddamn government now. That's just a coincidence. Isn't it? No, no. Most charted singles. This is a very interesting page in fact. Maybe I'll just facts this page Everybody who's listening right now Which couldn't be too many because you tell me that nothing's coming in on the facts machine today. Maybe just a slow day 305 650198. I just you know that time What do you mean by that? Well, it was that every time I looked over there it was said receiving page one Up and I'm sitting here. This is like the days when we used to take phone calls the phone was dead And I thought we deserve yeah. Oh, I'll never forget that one day downstairs on the same floor as long as as long as I live I mean I'm screaming and I'm yelling and I'm practically saying now the seven dirty words on here and nothing is happening on the phone And finally after about a half an hour of this I finally punched down on the lines and I go up and down line They're all dead every line in the board the whole phone was dead And of course that's the QAMF in way because naturally that's the measly way We can't be bothered. I mean we have some stuff that looks fairly impressive some of it looks like crap and it all works pretty much the same like crap Most charted singles Elvis Presley 114 Guess who's number two. I'll give you hint. We just heard him Alton John very good guess well. Who else do we just here was that he is with right shepard? I don't think he's singing these days The Beatles 50 to I tell you me your estives was he was a good looking kid but boy. He was strange. You know in fact There was something about the role he played in that movie. You know that kind of dark brooding You know what I mean? Yeah Dark and you had a feeling that that was him. He was also an animal. What that was an anodied movie the something club The breakfast club the breakfast club you know the movie I'm talking about sure it was one of those teen Anx movies in Chicago. Yeah, where he also played a dark brooding kind of like the John They were all in trouble. They were all disturbed He always dark and brooding Emilio Eskervez you know he went on to direct several movies Did he really kind of like John stock well by the way did I ever correct myself about that because I don't like given any more In misinformation that I need to one year John stock well was not related Dean stock well He wasn't a son. I you know, I just assumed that just because you have the same name It's not like a real common movie name right not at all no relation Let's see deal no a dear Neil George and company guys are missing a boat on our whole class of people. It should get fried Oh, I look at this are there your wonderful American. I agree with the end of every one of these But this is not that what we're talking about okay. This is a different class of people He's got yes or Amaphart Muller Omar Muller, Muller, Omar or some of your mom have been laden. Sodom who's saying a MF crown prince I'm doing whoever the hell's in charge of Iran which is the new Iotola right and he goes on I fetched that because of the last paragraph was the one that I got to chuck a lot of he says unfortunately since I have to go to court this more in Canlesson the rest of the show, but I'll trick you on the pollator great show show George and Neil Yeah, oh, did you read this of course? I did I got a great guy Don't even and George and after George is as you raghead loving SOB I listen every day the show is better without phone calls Thank you. This is from a lawyer no less okay in attorney and Miami. Thank you Arthur. Keep reading He says Neil I know it's thick, but I prefer if you didn't bash Jesus in every opportunity after all He can't call and defend himself. He was a good Jew. We did a lot of great work on the earth It's unfortunate millions of morons have distorted him for their own benefit over last two thousand years a Jewish attorney No less I can tell by the name for a few for Jesus now He's not a Jew for Jesus. He said it was a good Jew. Did a lot of great work, but it's on for you You know what he's saying is that they made a minute something many wasn't see what he's saying I think he's a Jew for Jesus quite frankly. I don't think there was any Jesus. I hate to break the news here I don't think there was no Jesus Christ. Do you think there was a Moses? Oh, there was somebody named Moses I not have been him. Yeah We know most of the time We're not really all hey, you know Moses for he sure look good when I was there. I'll tell you that Hey Moses come on back. I'll be back in June, but We can't we're not too good on figure out about Shakespeare. It is all kind of question about Homer homo remember Homer yeah good friend of mine Yeah Rotto stories So we're not really too good about defining the about people live 2000 years ago We can't even tell you I still say you when you can tell me who shot cockrov and then I'll tell you if there was a Jesus Okay, and the meantime I knew a business and stop preaching to us We're tied to here in a craft who was talking with Pat tonight just go to the ball game and have a good time Eat some penis and cracker jacks Do it. How can I get can I get back look at that three three three we're halfway there Ground will double Robert Blake and Pam Smart are tied still for last place with two of these the first you'd most like to pull a Swiss on Luke held her the mailbox bomber 14 five the gig in 25 John Walker Lynn 25 five the shanley 28 Andre 8 55 Susan's 506, but that's a nip and tuck racer for second place and OJ of course in a legal 126 most charted singles Elvis 114, Elton John 59 Beatles 52 or is it solid? You say the Beatles boy, it's Sullivan was there did that guy have talent? No, or what I mean talk about being in the right place at the right time Did you ever say any clips from the old at Sullivan show many many and I never understood that now book a Brian 20 explain you one day He was as wooden as a cigar store Indian well a whole purpose of the head Sullivan show the toast of the town or whatever they called it Was that he would you know, he was the MC and a car and he was like a parody of himself and became a joke how wooden he was and lacking in personality He was he was a calmness in New York And it was a talent show and it would bring on these different acts in your wences was on there and Topo Gijo the god What is the talking singing mouse or whatever what I and then every now and then he would get a big exclusive like the Beatles or Elvis or whatever Of course when he had Elvis on they would only let them photograph him from the waist off right I remember that the first time he was on national TV to show you what a goddamn pure Technical country this is or you're in you only photographing Elvis from though. I'm not in it. I'm near it Let's see and then I say the Beatles 52 Stevie Wonder 46 you read there 45 James Brown 44 most charted singles and that surprised you No, not really rolling stones 41 the down of 40 Marvin Gave 40 Marvin Gave 40 the Beach Boys 36 I just mentioned those since you're always telling me that the beatboys are so much better Marvin Gave which you wrong. Hey, that's my pillow And I love the beach for what your opinions wrong. I just you know, it's just a pad blown 38 also 38 for the temptations and Neil Diamond Oh my god, that's very disheartening Paul McCartney 37 fat stomoro 37 love the fat man baby I might just have to play some fats down over here if I had any which I'm sure I don't you got some there Yes, we did Michael Jackson the Beach Boys Ricky Nelson had 36 Chicago 35 and down from there Most number one singles the Beatles had 20 number one singles Elvis with 18. Oh this this is scary in fact Number three Mariah Carey oh Oh my god, it's a good thing. I don't eat lunch during the show see what that chart means nothing What do you mean by that you care you disputing this is this is just they stood no single chart This is like subjective where to say oh these are the best people who ever did this or that it's just as statistical I'm saying the masses erasses and have crappy taste generally speaking Well, you're in tears. I have a lot more people eating them McDonald's every day than Ruth Krustach house. I think that's an economic decision I see Let me say again there's a lot more people eating them McDonald's and it Wendy's likewise right when he's is more expensive There's a lot more people eating a pizza hut every day than pizza loft But see what I'm saying there's a lot more people eating every day at Olive Garden and at Somewhere give me a place the shelf station sweet to made it right there. There are how about our friends over there macaroni macaroni gruel. Why is it that we have people that don't like that place what I mean the pasta Yeah, the pasta's not the greatest. It's okay, but the other dishes there are phenomenal Didn't you love that place it's infinite starcitor with singing old man River never had a bad meal there Oh, I love the macaroni gruel maybe we'll get you some free meals there maybe psycho pack go there one night instead of going to some stupid vlogging double the way for Four minutes still no need you're gonna be left you're gonna be let's sit not on a goddamn in the bleachers all by yourself I'm sitting in the dog out in my anyway night. Are you really which one the Pottery shop for quality footwear shut up and I'm doing a spot. Okay, don't be stepping on the spots very important Any you'll get you'll get what's his name all been on a shaped Troy and if you get tribe I push him on your kick your ass when you shop for quality footwear selects in professional Servers are mighty important for the bottom line is price dollars and sense would somebody just said moments ago It didn't judge us say that price That's what I said and Brandy shoes you'll find the largest selects and men's and women's shoes the best service in town And the best price in town period. It's a simple as that top quality names like rock ports SES Bury's timber the naturalizer and lots more and with their humongous selection You're probably never gonna hear anybody say sorry. We don't have that style in your size. Sorry Why did they say that here? Sorry, mister. I hate what they said and I have no complaints So we want to crappy whether they have no complaints. Hey brandy This is open daily 99 every Sunday 10 to 5 and you'll find brandy shoes at 12.90 North Edible Highway and Pompo Beach You can't beat them when it comes to price the lesson and service and of course be sure and tell them that old deal Sunch in there don't forget all this wicked brandys. It's the red label clearance sale labels felt LA BLA You know, it's choice account when he spells label like that the red label clearance sale at Brandy's 30 to 60% off on select group of all your favorite brand Hey, they stayed ghosting, but you can call me tells me whenever I'm in town. I listen to maybe minute. I am in town. It's the 12th of one hour Oh Striking past and going in circles by 100 miles getting nowhere Who's wasting lots of good gasoline everyone knows it's in the Oomphre And then it bites Then it bites Who's been the day in front of a TV Wanting the same old ATP's as Who won't get any clean down on Sunday Everyone watching in me Who's gotten fast to go in circles Level 2 at 5.60W Here's the fact that says Nina is talking about Craig Schafer, it says no chef or see He made one little mistake and of course I made a big mistake He was not on the outside or is it nice say that? No, no He didn't move it with the meagu ice device called That was then this is now What's I never saw? Different movie. You see that? No. No, you wouldn't want to see it Believe me, you wouldn't want to see it It was pretty good movie, it was alright Depressing though, morbid and dark Just like those circles around Craig's eyes Anyway, reversing decades of just into barren policy The Bush administration told us Supreme Court It believes the Constitution protects an Individuals right to possess firearms At the same time the administration's top Supreme Court Lawyer said the high court need not test that principle Now The administration's view represents a reversal The government interpretation of the second amendment Going back some 40 years through a four democratic and five Republican administrations The coalition is very disappointed that attorney general Ashcroft personal politics and debt to the NRA of climbed in the official position of the Justice Department Josh Hurowitz executive director the coalition to stop gun violence To old CBS radio news Laws like the Brady Bill like the assault weapons van Have met constitutional muster New York senator Charles Schumer Democrats said that during his Confirmation hearing Ashcroft promised to uphold the laws as they exist And not to promote his own agenda What happened to that pledged he asked reporters it's hard look at his actions And not question whether he's going back on his word Somehow the gun movement in this country has been captured by people bar Extreme and believe in no restrictions at all that seems to be the direction attorney general Ashcroft is moving in he has The action is proved positive that the worst fears about attorney general Ashcroft have come true his extreme ideology on guns has now become government policy Said Michael Barnes president of the Brady senator prevent gun violence Which promotes gun control Barnes noted that other federal appeals courts in the Supreme Court Have not found the same protection for individual gun ownership that the fifth Circuit asserted in the Emerson case in that case the fifth US Circuit Court of Appeals Rejected arguments from Texas physician Timothy Emerson that the 1994 federal gun law was unconstitutional The law was intended to deny guns to people under judicial restraining orders The current position of the United States is that the second amendment more broadly protects the rights of individuals Including persons who are not members of any militia or engaged in the military service or training to possess and bear their own firearms Solicitor general Ted Olson wrote in two court filings this week and of course member Ted Olson because of the Penis gate hearings and because his wife died in that plane crash. Yes, and because Larry King was a second his answer for a night after night that right However, subject to reasonable restrictions designed to prevent possession by unfit persons or to restrict the possession of types of firearms that are particularly suited to criminal misuse I think everybody should have at least one who's eat on you Also the administration's top Supreme Court lawyer and plenty of ammo was reflecting the view of Ashcroft that the second amendment Confirst the right to keep in bear arms to private citizens and not merely to the well-regulated militia mentioned the amendments text Ashcroft causes stir when he expressed a similar sentiment a year ago in a literally net the anxious national rifle association I'll blend in mirror our squeeze himself right now. He's rubbing it and his piece two while some of argued that the second amendment guarantees only a collective right of states to maintain militias I believe the amendments plain meaning original intent prove otherwise ascroft wrote At the time Ashcroft wrote the letter was unclear whether he was expressing his personal view or stating a new policy position for the government That question was mostly answered last November when he sent a letter to federal prosecutors Pracing an appeals court decision that found the second amendment does protect individual rights But noting that those rights could be sent to limited narrowly tailored specific exemptions in other words Maybe like crazy people should be running around with guns John is that way you're talking about crazy people I seem to have the most guns just like Luke in my view the emerson opinion and the balance it strikes generally reflect the correct understanding of the second amendment Ascroft told prosecutors Emerson appeal of the Supreme Court putting the justice department in an awkward position Although the government won its case in the lower court using the old interpretation of the second amendment ascroft had switched gears by the time the case reached the higher court Olson's court filing money urged the high court not to get involved and acknowledged the policy change in the lengthy footnote Olson also attached Ascroft's letter to prosecutors also made the same notation in the separate case involving man convicted of owning two machine guns in violation of federal law In that case the government also went a lower court decision endorsing a federal gun control law Justice Department issued a statement Tuesday night saying its latest comments reflecting attorney general's position in the November letter to prosecutors The Supreme Court last ruled on the scope of the second amendment in 1939 The men protect only those rights that have some reasonable relationship to the preservation of the efficiency of a well-regulated militia the high court said 1939 know what they were absolutely on target then and now see that was then and this is now remember that movie no Dammit, how do you like that? Oh, there's a lucky loop co-bane committed suicide and recent communications attributed to held or were peppered with references to death Including his own Fascinations with death and even anti-government viewpoints are not unusual in teenagers according to former FBI co-filer Clint Van Zant He still was experiencing basically what you and I and everybody else experienced and all of our kids experience in college What makes this guy? Bill bombs and go across America what change that a university class Did see changes in held or in recent weeks Key sort of had a real direct approach talked all over the professor They getting arguments to struck class, but at the service master franchise where held or had a part-time job Co-workers say they had seen no change in the young man they described as nice cheerful even sweet Gene Missouri CNN Monominate Wisconsin. Thank you, Jimmy. Not only if you're old bad after here night don't you feel sorry Yeah, no, oh yeah, I mean he just confused probably smoked a little bit too much bad weed And he just went off the deep in a little bit. Let's just give him like a little probation Say don't ever do it again a slap on a risk and let him go on with his life Maybe give him a scholarship to like University of Michigan He'll probably much much higher grade weed or maybe the university Miami would be good He sure won't get any trouble there Here's some good news all-aw-while. It's kind of like a mixed bag this story from the same Pete times By the way, I heard Hank mention that the same Pete times is a damn good paper at least certainly is compared to the two ranks We got in South Florida Loots oh my god a popular Catholic priest returned to work Wednesday cleared by the Nazis of Saint Petersburg after a ten-day suspension of Relications of sexual improprieties and late nineteen-eaties We got more Dan Catholic priest accused and this and that and molested them and you can shake your thing at you can shake your mighter at Parishners at St. Mary Catholic Church in Loots were delighted calling each other with the news that Reverend Bob Morris have been reinstated Let's hear it forever. Bye We always expected the truth to come out and I think we got it said Merra Bell about Dallas and member of the same Mary parish council Morris 45 said he was relieved and thankful I've been basically unhauled for last 10 days. He said George cumulay to that The reinstatement surprised his chief accuser Bridget Watkins Colisez 27 of Largo You've got to be kidding. She said when told by reporter then she called her attorney John Trevina of Clearwater She was literally sobbing he said later My reaction was I totally they were gonna do this for Vina called the Nazis investigation a sham Members and the sham and the Farad. Let's look him up. See if he's unlawless as a Catholic myself the lawyer Set him embarrassed by the way that the Nazis has behaved Morris we in St. Mary was ordered when they were morning by Bishop Robert Lynch that I she said it's 10 member response team at phone absolutely no credible evidence to substantiate any of the allegations Colleges accused Morris of filing her 14 years ago when she was a when he was a 31-year-old seminary student working in St. Catherine See in a Catholic church in Clearwater and she was a 13-year-old member of the church youth How do you like that? I'm an additional California College instructor was a part-time secretary in Catherine in 1989 A cute Morris of making an a lengthy obscene telephone called her that year the complaint was reported to the Nazis at the time This week to be sponsored and conclude to the incident was properly investigated and Morris properly cleared Oh my god The Nazis said more than 25 people were interviewed in a place of investigation including church members and employees at St. Catherine's in 1980s and on an on a coach Not another white wash You see the problem with all these stale stories is first of all that people are intimidated and as business about wealth You tell anybody nobody will believe you there's another area not only are parents not doing a good enough job of teaching their kids Right from wrong like you don't kill people or put pipe bombs in your mailbox But also they don't tell them I mean I know it we keep hearing that they tell them these things But I'm not so sure it's getting across that if somebody touches you in an inappropriate place I immediately tell us call up a police run for help scream bloody murders. I'm like that I just don't think that's getting done enough. What's in an appropriate place like church? Like in the rectumary would be an inappropriate place You know exactly what I'm talking about in an inappropriate way in an appropriate place like between the naval and the knees would probably be a good definition Or in the case of a female between the knees and the armpits the whole thing is the pits if you ask me It just yeah, and you can't get across to the public because so many of you are so brainwashed and so deeply in great In use since you were not even old enough to read you think for yourself. It's hopeless. It's just a hopeless case Did the greatest propagandist in the world and I have a protest thing again from a girl I don't think I don't think he's sorry look for the QA in fan from metal 1230 You got almost another half hour at Verizon Wireless at 132 56 this game full of art the lovely Miguel is there I probably not getting anybody coming by stop by to find out about the Verizon's great phone Plans and when some crappy QA prizes and see the lovely Miguel you can touch in between the armpits and knees once that's from now 1230 at Verizon Wireless 132 56 this game full of art I'm gonna tell you once more today that mother's days coming up this Sunday That's why I ought to give a really nifty gift this year from Vermont, Hitiber your mom wife a grandma get a beautiful little bear made in Vermont deliver with a free card and candy and a fun gift box just call a bear counselor at this toll free number 1-800-829 bear and no help you tailor a bear just for mom So if you're lucky you really put some thought in your gift this year unlike in previous years when you just screwed off Ask about the new spa mob here or the mama's boy with a heart shaped head too and dad don't forget every year At Mother's Day it's your job to get a gift from the kids for mom and the other and come set is a perfect idea You can add as many cubs as needed with their names on the outfits and like Harry says the cubs suck It's a lot more personal and flowers in the last of lifetime so call toll free On sports radio 560 QAM Gordon gives a Florida a major blow job. That was a two hour blow job Oh Just a brand new network that's unlike the victoryress Light was your favorite show Singants games So You see more holes is than most by a virus do You see more bare butts than nothing, why he de-blue If you're not home of all make his your chance To see a very big show when nobody's wearing pants Here comes G-C-V, full-naked handsome guy It's totally free Both wishes, goals and vibes Here comes G-C-V Better watch out if you see Oh, go 18 at 5.60 W-Q-A-M, sweat and we get back to the important stuff These lists in here How did I get the off track on that? We got the one here, I guess I purposely got off track, you know what? Oh yeah, that's skirtis She makes me gag Most number one singles of any artist in his debut wife In the last 50 years since they've been doing this stuff The Beatles 20 Elvis 18, Mariah Carey 14 And that is scary She couldn't sing her word about paper sack And by the way, Mariah Louise still says no way Jose Michael Jackson 13, Supreme 12, Madonna 11, what he used in 11 Whitney Houston 11 Why like to see her look with Mariah Carey Stevie Wonder in George Michael 10 Then Stevie Wonder by the way says George looks really bush these days Elton John and Paul McCartney and the B-G-Z Chab9 And then goes downhill from there Olivia Newton John 5, 5 number one single, will you ever guess that? Yeah, she was big guys Yes, well said 5 by the way, speaking of our good South Florida boys Oh, speaking of that bit I just got through playing G-C and a Sunshine band had 5 Good for them 5 number one hits, let's hear it for all K-C Did you didn't see him any airport? Let me drop a name or two I'll say it again I saw something mommy airport few weeks ago And didn't see me several weeks ago Were you gonna say something about Olivia Newton John earlier? Oh, yeah, I'm so glad to see these things just slip on by Well, I was an important story about that gun stuff that goes to sure that Asked Crop and Bush and all these assholes controlled by the NRA These right wing fanatics, you're not fooling anybody So let me again congratulate those of you more on Zvoted by accident for Papu Cannon And those of you real idiots who voted intentionally for Ralph Nader and help to put this president in there With all of his fascist henchmen Before I talk about Olivia Newton John, you know something I've noticed and it could be just me or could be the time of the year But we were really a smoke at a long here on a show for quite a while then on Friday And I don't know where we are. It was that fact and I think that guy for facts me I should be cursing him now. I took calls on Friday Right for the first time in a coon zage and since then since then I just I noticed that on the website It's like everything is down a little bit and the facts is you know this last couple of days I could be wrong about that we just could be going through a law phase that you can but I don't think so You're just paranoid No, I'm not the least bit paranoid. I'm not worried about that But the fact of the matter is that I think taking a calls that they was a bad mistake instead of what Dave Hagen says there Turn like you're dead when you're dead when you're hot. You hear that when a man when man just came on that day and maddops His old did I hear right then he'll take calls and they've says oh yeah, it was great. It was great. Hey, you you guys stick with your calls Okay, you a put out of this show. Okay, Dave you're good guy, but cut the crap was great Was there anything great about those calls Friday? I'm thinking I'll get back to you. Yeah Diana I was I just gonna do about a living Newton John. I don't know. He was mentioned there. I'm I'm two and burst to admit this. I can't I can't say it. She was married at one time I remember she came out of the closet on the night show on Johnny Carson. No and so this he was bisexual which is which in those days That was about as posted like Alton John to the same thing. I'm bisexual like anybody would believe it. He had a wife. You know Yeah, I know German German acrobat ah, what was the name of that song? Which one? I forget about it. You're you're you're not on your your off your feet. It's all the stress of the last couple weeks But anyways, so she was wait can I say it just please please stop mumbling around that I would agree with Greg Greg The name of the movie was With Matt Latanzi what that was the name of that movie my tutor. Okay. Remember that movie. Yes. I remember very well In fact, I saw just a few weeks ago was on again. I always watch it when the time because he's running around naked near and his tutor was pretty good She was okay. Yeah, little old for him. I thought but nevertheless. Why not? I think that was the idea. Yeah, Matt Latanzi so anyway Matt Latanzi kind of talk like this I don't want to say Matt Latanzi just because he had a very high squeaky voice and acted very faith I don't want to say that he was like, you know like that like the loafers But when you see that it was a very you know now guess who else talks just like that? Who's a big strapping guy who looks like you know who's probably about the same age at Mad Latanzi was in here like 25 Guess who else sounds just like that like Tyson? No, I'm serious I care Tom welling. Oh, no, I hadn't noticed that about Tom No, he talks he talks in much too high of a register and I find that very disturbing here reminds me I'm talking about vocally who reminds me very much of Matt Latanzi rhymes with pansy and see there would be people out there saying Well, you sure hope that no, I don't hope that I want I want Clark Kent to be very well and you know all all other things You see what I'm saying? I want him to be a real man not a man's man I want him to be a real man all man, but anyway, let's see most weeks held number one position See after your anti a one thing psychopathocative this kind of conversation on those four shows No, I do not good for you Most weeks held number one visit well, that's because they're all denial anyway, you know just like Mad Dog never took a shower with a fag in the locker My kidding is some names by the way, but I won't I'll write him down for you Most weeks held number one position in other words in most weeks they had a number one song as number one a following this I'm following Elvis had 80 but number two. It's scary Mariah Carey 60 beat out the Beatles. You know something. I'm gonna start a guy I'm gonna as have an investigation seriously when Mariah Carey I mean what what the hell song did if you Trying to force me to name you with song the cheer we're had I couldn't do it I'm gonna have to look it up in here. Can you name me a big Mariah Carey hit? I can't name you any There you go I think it's some kind of a stick-cloth if he has me a spik plod right where do they have to do it Mariah? Don't hang her on us She's black Mariah Carey's not black. She's white, but nevertheless She is black. She's why she can't African American no yes Her mother's Patricia Carey former sing with the New York City opera Raysang backup for Brenda case star Yaddi Addi Addi and his white as the driven snow it's his here. So she's black. She's black. See now I'm gonna get accused of not liking her because she's black I don't care if she's like his white as your face and believe me I haven't seen too many people wider than you are I don't care what she is she sucks the vision of love vision of love. Oh look at this This is I'm that I can't I can't go on vision of love number one for four weeks love takes time Number one for three weeks in these are in 1990 in 91 some day number one for two weeks I don't want to cry number one for two weeks Emotions in 91 number one for three weeks Those were all in the dream lover number one for eight weeks in 1993 all number one hits fantasy number one for eight weeks in 1995 One sweet day Rai carry and voice demand number one for 16 weeks. I do remember that remember that no Always be my baby number one for two weeks in 96 honey number one for three weeks in 97 my all number one for week in 98 heartbreaker Rai carry featuring jz number one for two weeks in 99 It's just I know something other than the one with the voice demand once we'd never heard any of those songs did you know not a one about cycle pad. I heard all of them Everyone I thought he'd be sitting up for Andy carry not Mariah carry what about Jim carry? Do you know who Andy carry was no I do not all right? See all these punks we got on this radio station to think they know something about sports talk What somebody knows about the great Yankees of the 50s okay? He was the third basement for the Yankees in fact. He was the third basement in the perfect game that don't last and pitch against the Dodgers How do you like that on 1956 that's are he carry? There were two great defensive plays in that game to preserve larcen's perfect game one by Andy carry a third base the other one by Mickey Madeline Center field How do you like that huh? Yeah, the sports experts on QAM Yeah, like I said he wouldn't know Andy carry from Mariah carry. It's kind of scary pad But have a good time at a baseball game 26 pass noon. You can exchange old stories with Norma Kent there tonight Sure you have a wonderful time. Hey show me on the outside corner may not be all that wonderful because it's gonna be hotter and held on there It's smoking Speaking of Norma Kent. It's really smoking only men's one product that will help you feel your best and keep you in great health And the pick of good health it's quite the heat the humidity all the spits and you're gonna be doing for next several months in South Florida Oldie went as a soft gel capsule that contains pharmaceutical rate olive oil on vitamins minerals and robbles Well promoting health for your prostate for your heart for your blood pressure your cholesterol and I bet you that Miguel didn't have anybody come out to his appearance to either advice and you think so no I think I he didn't have anybody I don't know I'm sure somebody showed up You are sour man you really sour. I'm starting to think about this whole deal I'll want really still thinking about two day two mornings ago and you know something it still frost my ass I'm having a good difficult time keeping my lip sealed the most grotesque moment in history of radio Only I'm also as supplements to promote health in your circulatory system your digestive your endocrine system Your skin bones even your mind all using the benefits of the best olive oil on the face of the earth And don't forget oldio meds got products for men and for ladies out there too Oldio meds available all over town You can pick it up right now just happen to car and go to Walgreens and get some or whole food markets The viral pharmaceutical sedanos if you want to get more information about all you went it by now She knows the number by heart because I sure do it's one eight six six Oldio meds the answer all your questions one eight six six OLEO MED or to their products off their website on the wicked worldwide web and I'm exhausted at least it's part of my people say if you had to lock around these boobs all day there's more to wait more than a never-sprick down Think there's some fusion though so here at the world When my dear comes along need the way to feel my bond I just love to get so high it's the coconut crack I buy so when all my stashes gone I'll be peeling more belong straight to my hospital room When I dear comes along I'll tell you one thing psychopath that Mariah Carey she should be playing for the hardford Whalers if they were still in business you wanted to why why is that because she's a whaler It's all she does she doesn't sing she whales she'd be whale in man she makes me sick Anyway speaking to make a me sick this thing you just asked me well first of all before we get to that Jeff Cohen called and if I was him I'd be pretty poor off about this because I'm sure he does a lot of business with delivery stuff My phone yes, they do and take out stuff and catering stuff anyway Jeff Cohen called to say his local phone provider went out of business So the pizza law phones may not work from tomorrow through Monday for a busy weekend all boy. Sorry Jeff Sorry pony tail Jeff once everybody know the law for will still be open seven days as usual even if you can't get to them by phone So if you call her and it says Goodbye don't try us again someday just go over there and get your stuff Okay Here is some of the worst news in the history I am looking at this is this for real is this a deal I'm sure it's for real this is the worst facts in the history of the human race bar none This has got to be going to shoot what is this show you huh? Yeah, oh here. It says Here's another faction Steve who says hi nearly will fag you that's me another good Amidio Estevez movie was called repo man. Oh, you should know that it was an excellent movie First he made it when he was very young just the way you like him Be careful now we check ages on this show check ID also since you're not taking calls anymore hardly ever Do you ever think about recording a couple shows ahead that aren't time specific that way you guys could take along We can do we would always take very good ideas That's an excellent idea. That's a great great good Wow, I liked that a lot we got these lines up right before an after the show keep them up Right good idea. We'll work on that But anyway get back to this facts. Thank goodness. I got a couple of good facts in there They're kind of lighten me up a little bit because I'm looking at this Broward County Chamber of Commerce. This is one of those notices like a invitation and also a solicitation because it's got a coupon at the bottom Broward County Chamber of Commerce please join us in welcoming the newest member to the Broward County Chamber of Commerce This Saturday may 11 from new to 2 p.m. You are gonna up check when year who it is Homeless voice helping people in America This is so disgusting and Broward County Broward County Chamber of Commerce. You people must be off your rocker man. You should hang your heads in shame Now now they're now they're endorsing cults That's number one. They're also endorsing people or all of a sudden coming up with these millions and millions of dollars Which we can't just get to figure out how or why So that they can buy up all these old hotels and buildings and put their homeless shelters alleged homeless shelters In places where nobody wants you to in the first place and try to inflict themselves on everybody and threaten people That if we don't let them go out on the street corners on the main thoroughfares that they're gonna come into the residential neighborhoods and bug the crap out of everybody And put the muscle on you with their orange shirts. I'm not I'm not gonna promote this thing and the only thing I'm gonna do is tell you You people at the Broward County Chamber of Commerce you people sucks myth. That's my comment today. That's my response. Okay You are a disgrace I'm embarrassed at this moment to live in Broward County. Thank God. I'm an Ontario candidate and not in Broward County By the way, my little dog is embarrassed to live in Broward County. In fact my little dog Just a phone didn't say he's gonna start crap and double outside from now on just to pollute the air and Broward Is that incredible? I'm shocked and dismayed way too close to home by the way for some of us And that's not a quick one about him there. That's a little thing but I'm not gonna be on here I'm not repeating right though. I mean I'm not really would you but I'm just I'm not given any promotion to that or any credibility Do it but the fact that the Broward County Chamber of Commerce is endorsing and welcoming and also promoting them and raising their funds Which got to know is where those funds go? But it sure is very interesting that Sean Cononis got that big expensive home and that they seem to keep coming up with these Millions and millions and millions of dollars to keep buying up all these hotel properties Well, see this is what's wrong with software. There's nobody with a conscience man You got crooked politicians. You got organizations like the Broward County Chamber of Commerce I'm gonna tell you if the Broward Chamber of Commerce ever endorsed a business I would I wouldn't give it two cents worth of credibility. I would say gee. I wonder who's smearing somebody there now And absolute disgrace software all I can say is Hang your heads in shame God You know I had to read that like two or three times you fact it during the break and I looked at that Or during that bid I was playing I looked at that and I kept looking over and over again like is this a joke? Is this some kind of a freaking joke? No, it's scary How does this guy do it? How does he keep pulling a wall over people's eyes? Big cans of grease That's another great thing first of all. I don't miss driving because I don't have any car up here Which I'm afraid of I didn't I certainly won't have one an Amsterdam because you don't need one here And you don't need one there so I don't miss the drive and try not to get killed by assholes But also to miss stop at a streetlights and being solicited by a bunch of jackasses running around the middle of a goddamn street Like a bunch of little kids who don't know better than get out of street corners Putting a muscle on me for cash. I mean here you got the people sitting on the street Spare some change mr. and you just you know keep walking you know in paying attention and don't anybody give me a song an advance about my being insensitive to homeless people Because we raised a crap load hundreds and hundreds of thousands of dollars for the Camille house Years ago on this show for homeless people all I'm sure glad that I stopped doing that you know because I wouldn't want to see that money going to the to bribe people To cover up for pedophiles I don't think we want to see money that we raised being used for that purpose But it's just the idea that this is so obvious it's so transparent at what it's really all about and the briar county chamber commerce Obviously really checking into things very carefully before you know endorsing somebody and raising money for them shame on you Cox La hoist that's my message for the briar county chamber commerce. Okay, and then I worded that come from the fact machine They facts that to us. No somebody did somebody found this in other words They obviously stuck this on somebody's window or in a door There's a little note about a torch. He's like a liar. Yeah, it's like a flyer Please join us in welcoming is your company have a heart to help the homeless please come and show your support Yeah, that's my support for you. Okay. I'm all for the homeless all right Nobody should have to be homeless, but the idea that these cults that come along these other shady shithers that come down to pike shady shithers shady shithers If that's open up a place called shady shithers sounds good to me. I guarantee a soft photo to be a big hit shady shithers man make a fortune because that's what South Florida's all about 21 till one at five 60 WQM hey, I'll tell you one thing. That's not shady. That's not a mattress These are great people. I know because I do business with them every time the mattress Where is out which of course is not like every five minutes because a mattress is not something like you know underwear That you change every few days a mattress is something hopefully last year for years when you get a really good one But even the best mattresses get lumpy and bumpy and worn out you get a sore back if you like crap If you want to get you a great new mattress so you start feeling better and get a great night sleep every night call the good people at dial a mattress like I do call 1800 mattress. There's no way in the world of be third deals You don't have to leave the house. You don't have to run around wasting a lot of gas and certainly not money because they have every day Unbelievable low prices on the top manufacturers and the universe They got Serta and Seely Simmons and King Coral and a really deep selection So they won't have to give you a little bait and swish and they also give you that 30 day in home comfort trial So you can test it out by sleeping on it and do whatever you like doing on it give them a call right now And you picked it to our window when you wanted to deliver it any day seven days a week like between 10 and noon or 11 and one or one and three It's set them in so on 1 800 mattresses the number to call. There'll be there in no time at all And you'll have a big smile on it. Puss and be safe and comfort night after night 1 800 mhtt RES please tell that Neil told you to call or check them out Who the moon the moon part is worth where the homeless men in the other and shirts? My name is number seventy three. I use the side of your house to be I am number seventy two my shiny pants alive Don't roll you window up Who the moon bubble the dollar we and all a drivers in their cars When your stuff got the traffic lies we will converge for your borders and dives Stand in all day in the blue and heat in the middle of the busy spring when we tap on the window They usually say in the hell away you stay I Try not to run over me The We have much to offer you Was your windshield work for food? How about a flower from someone young moon? We are quite useless, telling this way Only English hour when in range when the hot pavement melts my shoes I use my sock to brush my Pros I wipe on a corn cob Who the moon bubble the day? Bro, see us go to the cup of me in the rain turn for what we do We get a bigger box in the bottle of booze a cardboard box in the bottle of No So the judges taking five of the shamley's request for a reduction of bail under advisement In other words, don't hold your breath. He's thinking about it And how many businesses by the way in date and brow or have been? I mean not businesses, but how many communities municipalities have rejected? Soundly the attempts by these people have been true and like by a properties and to change the zoning etc. and so on and a base of it and try to ban them from their streets by 100 by 5,000 all of them And yet and despite the fact that the municipalities to communities they come and sense people in Broward County have said We don't want these shifters run it around on street corners and interfering with traffic and like a strong army The public and get them out of there. You're like a public dozens the Broward County chamber Commerce says hey come on down. We'll even do a fundraiser for you I don't want to say there's anything that smells bad there, but all I can say is Yeah, yeah, you can smell it make no mistake about it. So here's some information from one of our Factsors Ralph Machu I find this hard to believe though born November 4th 19s November 61 He's 41 years old now. It says married in 1987 he was 26 you met a double check that my friend because I think he was married Earlier than that I could be wrong maybe was 26 but of course in 26 he looked about 10 you know Ralph Roucho with that bad complexion and what was the guys name and all those kung-fu movies Pat Roddy movies Pat Marie the very good excellent. Did I say kung-fu movies karate movies? Sorry whatever Now it's not the same last movie 2002 a cool day in August for Ralph Machio And go away Ralph you bug me little punk here's a great story two Wyoming coaches face dismissal Casper Wyoming two volleyball coaches at Centennial Junior High face dismissal for allegedly taking part in Draping another coaches home with toilet paper The students who took part in the prank April 6 were supposed to be at a high school sponsored sleepover According to an atrona county school district officials Muffy Mahoney No, oh yes Muffy Well our program directors name Muff so why not why not a Muffy Muffy Mahoney and Cheryl Schroffel have been placed on administrative leave with pay Superintendents that also said to they'll recommend the school board dismiss the coaches We characterize the incident is something more serious than it's a toilet paper incident school District Attorney Stewart they said I thought it was a toilet paper incident Sure fell said in the interview last week that the parents of the students had signed permissions Folks for the party they said we're not to leave school district what is it that said they were not to leave school district Property I think is what a man. It's his party. Well, I tell you this is from the associated press I think they're hanging out too much too much comedy with a broad the school over the chamber commerce Several students parents have always support for the coaches under state law in Wyoming Schroffel is intent over hearing me for the school board. Olson said he assumed such a request will be made Mahoney hours not a full-time teacher and they said she'll probably get a hearing in front of only Olson Schroffel received letter April 30th. That said her coaching assignment at the school will not be renewed for her school year Said the actions were not commensurate with her punishment two these are two female That's why when I said muffie you've got all been out of shape two female volleyball coaches I mean guys don't have volleyball teams do they sure they do? They do I mean I know we played volleyball in gym also we swam naked, but we had they have guys volleyball teams in high school I'm not where I went to high school. They didn't have a lot of those kinds of things, but yeah, they have them about No, don't they pat Last time when I was in high school they only had girls not boys Next next thing you know we're gonna be hearing and take that like bad midden classes to an high school for the guys They don't There's men's volleyball on college Well, let's get this a lot of swimming in college too, you know don't want to get too close to that bad Lot of swimming in diving kind of like in some of those hockey games a lot of diving going on and nobody picking on Darcy Tucker by the way Okay, hey nice going leave Let's hear it. As a matter of fact I think what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna like we played a whole-day him hockey game from yesterday They kill the last minutes we got him. I would you explain the lack of offense. Well, I think we're both teams at a little You know patient trying to Create a whole somewhere Yeah, we got a whole summer. I'll write we don't want to hear about it. Okay, what he's trying to say is was terminal Yeah, that first ten minutes to that first period last night. Oh brother Wow You could go into a coma from that but nevertheless we'll take the win. Thank you and like I told Pat the team that one I came last night in Ottawa They're gonna win the series So go leave school injured and all battered and bruised the maple leaf warriors just continue to go on forever 12th I'm getting a little burned out 12. 52 a 5. 60 WQM. How's it you guys not getting burned out on the balance for life and S.R. Friend the beast He was gone from 284. What is it about seven weeks ago now? I had the exact date right here What is it eight flew away? Oh No, gone from 284 onto the 15th of March so yes, yeah, less than plus than to my spot seven weeks to 256 28 pounds Is here for the beast on balance for life and you can do the same thing if you try it all the other diets and believe me Oh, do I know it's frustrating as hell and most of those diets are quick stuff anyway They're certainly not a way to eat for very long time balance for life though the gourmet meal delivery service You can continue with as long as you need to because they deliver all the food right to your door and a little black sack by six in a morning every day Right to your home your orifice wherever you're gonna be hanging out the strip club the McKinney difference and in that little black sack is our three harmonally Balance gourmet meals delicious meals two delicious snacks even a 60 ounce bottle water and don't forget they let you two