WQAM. Boy. 80 C. C. But WMCA. Robby Young is on there. That alone is World War Planet. Jack Spector. Arlin Spector. Wush Inspector. WLS-42. WF-139, which is not good. I don't know. I don't see. I wasn't here when F-1 was playing rock. In fact, when I came here, I think W-1 was already off the air, where they not. Now, maybe they're on. Because I know that WF-1 went off the air briefly, and then WNWS went on on that frequency on 790. And that amazing? It went dead, it went dark. And we went on the air with a signal that you could hear like in about 10 blocks WNWS on Flagry Street. But anyway, that's an ancient history. Old news. WNBC had 25 vote, KDKA 20. And when he King or pissed off, they didn't do better than that. CKL-W17. I said, KL-W-1 on 17 votes. Should add more than that. CKL-W is dynamic. But like I told you, why is that? What's the reason that so many of the people came here from the Midwest? They wanted upon a west coast of Florida. Is it because they came down? Uh, yeah. I 75 was supposed to I-95. I'm taking too long to drive over to this side. I see. I understand that the people from New York and the Northeast, most of them, came to the East Coast of Florida. And the people from the Midwest, like from Ohio and Michigan, they went to the west coast of Florida. I don't understand that. But anyway, that CKL-W17 just should have a lot more than that. WNWS, New York, WNWS, 1010 had 16. We left off Cliff and Dallas, KL-I, and they're KF-WB, but couldn't have more on there. W-A-P-E, the big ape in Jacksonville at 13, W-M-C-A had 13. Home of the Good Guys in New York. Whoa, whoa, when Fort Wayne had 12, WBZ and Boston 12, should have a lot more net. Chumma Toronto had 12. Let me say again, Gildy, Rochester is not a Buffalo Suburb. Talk about the things you know something about, okay? Don't be talking about Buffalo Suburb. And how it is in some of the suburbs are really nice. Now, there are no nice suburbs in Buffalo. Buffalo, blows. Buffalo sucks, okay? Orchard Park for Don't You Depue a Hamburg. It all blows. Buffalo is a toilet. It's a sewer. And Rochester ain't no, uh, suburb of Buffalo. That's like saying, oh, you know those, those Toronto suburbs like Buffalo? I mean, what does that mean? You know, the Miami suburbs like they ton of beach. Gildy, get a cup of dinner road map sweetheart. And you know, there's a big hockey story going on. Not gonna hear it about on that show. Stephen Weist is great prospect. This, so, y'all, steering the organization is going to be one of these superstars of the future. He started the season with a team. Story was Mike Keenan was going to send down the juniors for the right to the season and Rick Dudley. The general manager over rules him. It says, hey, guess what, Stephen, don't call anywhere. Forget about Mike Keenan. He's an asshole. And so, Stevie, why is this still with the team? We lost again by the Wenzard Coggle last night. Forty one. Pretty dismal performance. But anyway, that's quite a big story there. I didn't hear nothing about, did you? No. On his morning show. I heard a lot of talk about New York Prime restaurant there and how they ought to go there and meet Hank. I heard Gildy throw that come in and all like it's a big joke. I hate to break the news, you Gildy. Hank, don't fight at humors. You don't fight at even slightly amusing all those shots in New York Prime. I've never been there, but have we had a lot of calls of all what a great place that is? Yeah, we had over the years. And if we should go, in fact, maybe we'll go all the way up there. We can go to Ruth Crisker. That would be free, say. And New York Prime would probably be free too. I just, I don't know. I'm just not interested in going to Boca. Who don't want to go to Boca? Not they? It's a long slap. Yeah, I don't even know what. I don't even like going all the way to Carl Springs, which is the damn good thing my close personal friends, the rumors move to Davy. Even though they have all those barnyard animals chasing them around up there, but then you can see it's so much more often. No, seriously, I don't like going to Carl Springs. I hate it up there. I don't want to say, hey, that's just a good way to get there. No, that's not just that. No, I can go right up 75 and be there in five minutes, but that's not the point. Is something about Carl Springs that leaves me cold, you know? Is it the punks? Punks are part of it, yeah? But it's just like everything Carl Springs looks the same. Yeah, what do I mean? I get lost there because everything looks the same. It's just one little strip shopping center after another one, you know? It doesn't have any character like, you know, like plantation. 10 after 9 at 5, 60, WDQM, happy Friday to be we're biting our time until Monday, baby, I'm going to tell you. This building is so tight, it might explode. You can smell the aroma in our hallway. I thought, well, must have brought an extra bag there or something when I walked in the door. Man, you could smell that all up and down a hall. It's the pressure from the summer book of an hour Monday. We'll have the numbers 11 30 in the morning between 11 30 and noon. What are you cold in there? A little bit. It's really nice, since Julio, or Judge, you seem used to be that was the cold room and this was the hot room, you can go out the way that the events blew heavy duty in there. Yeah. Now that it's balanced, I hear there's a lot of blowing going on. 11 after a 9 at 5, 60 WDQM, mattress shopping, a wasted time if you do it the old fashioned way. Don't be old fashioned, just like us. Yeah. In fact, even if you're an old-futty, daddy liked me, you don't have to do everything old fashioned. Pick up the phone and do it the new fangirl way by making one easy phone call and call to grade people at dial a mattress, 1-800 mattress. 1-800-MATT-RES, you'll be instantly not sooner connected to somebody that knows their crap. A bedding consultant who knows bedding inside and out, he'll hook you up with a greatest mattress you've ever put your ass on in your life. And we're talking to top ones in a world the best name brands you've ever heard of. Sirdus Sealy Simmons King Coal and they've got exactly the one you want in stock ready for nearly immediate delivery when it's convenient for you. I mean, this deal on delivery is so good it's almost too good to be true, but they do it as Miguel, he told us they were there when they promised to show up and interrupted his activities. 1-800-MATT-RES, you picked it to our window in the day any day seven days a week and they'll be there. And you also get that 30-day in-home comfort trial to check it out the real intelligence in way by sleeping on it for up to a month to make sure it's the right mattress for you and your back. So pick up that phone right now and they'll be there to help you get a great night sleep every night for years to come. Call 1-800-MATT-RES or you can also check them out on your web if you like it. MacRES.com. This is sports when you're 5-6 years. You way yeah. There's a butt-I smell and listen to the show. And one of the morning hosts was carbon up a restaurant that I think is terrific. He was talking about how he had gone to this restaurant for lower-day list day cast Jackson's which is I've never been there. I've been the Burton Jackson which is now closed but he was saying how great it was. And that was some reason he took a shot at New York Prime. I'm going to tell you something that's in Boca. I'm going to give them a make good because he said that the services bad and they try to rush you out of there. Maybe they just didn't kiss his inflated ass or something. I mean some guys were well known they like to go on a restaurant where people want over him if they don't get that they get unhappy with the place. I'm going to tell you something. I have been to that place probably a half dozen times. I know a lot of people who go there. The restaurant is fantastic and I will go out on a lemon. Tell you it's the best steak sauce you can get anywhere south of Peter Lures. And anybody who would knock that restaurant has got the problem. The restaurant is not the problem. You know we've never been there before together. Well we'll go anytime you want to and you can tell me if I'm right or wrong. Okay. That place is fantastic. It's where and you know what it's not that far. If you lift from here it's less than a 45 minute ride. It's right. It's right and my partner part. I'm not saying it's better than the other place because I haven't been to the other place. I'm just saying that didn't deserve to get knocked. Now maybe you had a bad experience there. Maybe they didn't want him around that one. Maybe he was a pain in the ass. You know and they said let's get this guy out of here. Get him a rose. If there's a butt I smell it. 917 at 560 WC. I just changed the pool. Why? I was inspired to change it because they showed a clip of El Presidente and I guess it was standing behind him. The caption was administration softens tone toward the one in the rack in the soul business which should they're doing their back in a way. But I guess it was standing right behind him. Kind of Lisa. Worst. Julie Breman. Oh. I want to tell you something seriously. If I have to, if I was forced to participate in this pool that's what inspired me to change the pool. I'm creating it as I sit here. Other than GW because he'd obviously win in this crowd which politician do you detest the most which one of these people gives you the creeps makes you your skin crawl. What's the right wing asshole from Texas who's these house major league leader? What's his name? Tom Tim Tom. Mick. I was confusing with the Tim La He Le. This is not the one. What does his name? You don't want to talk to him about him. Yeah. Tom. Tom. Come on. Ridge. Tom. Tom Delay. Very good. Anyone who goes down the list because we got a seven second delay. Somebody ought to tell him how that delay works by the way. Anyway. Other than George W. Which politician you detest the most. Julie Breman. Seriously. He to me. He is so much worse than George W. Because at least W. We know him for what he is. Okay. He's a vacuous. Dunderhead right wing a turd. Dangerous. But you, Lieberman man. This orthodox. And I think he ought to be forced if he's going to be an orthodox Jew. Don't put on a show for the public. Put on the the tallest in the past and the sits in the to fill in and come on here. And then you're smacked on your head. The head gear, the doily. And sure. Everybody. What you really all about. I mean the orthodox Jews that were that crap on her sleeve man. They're just as bad as fall while on the other a far business right wing assholes. Not just. But anyway. I don't want to twist the way you vote. Here's the list I have so far. I'm a good man. Ted Kennedy. Cause there a lot of you know the right wingers out to the can't stand Teddy. Oh, I know who else I should put on here should get a lot of votes. Hillary Clinton. Huh? Oh. She be doing very well. I guarantee Ted Kennedy. Jesse Helm strumming Dick Army. Tom Delay and Hillary Clinton. That's my short list so far. I'm sure the others we could add. Did you get those? Julie. But that Ted Kennedy. Jesse Helm strumming Dick Army. Tom Delay and Hillary Clinton. How about Jeb Bush? As to his ass on there. Don't let him off the hook even for all time sake. Anyway, getting back to yesterday's pull result. And we still have some more stuff I'm going to play today. But I'm not going to do a whole show of that because we got too many important bedtime stories. The greatest tough 40 a.m radio station ever was. WQA. I'm 167. Let's hear it for a little QIM. Which used to be really damn good. W ABC 90. WLS 44. See I disagree with that. But then again, I lived in Michigan for 12 years. I think WLS was much better than W ABC. W ABC was way too overproduced. But see I've looked at it from like a radio standpoint. WFUN 40 WNBC 26 KDK 20 CK LWW WIS 17 WMCN the big ape 14 of piece. Which was just coming to ROTO 13 WOLO 13 WBC 12 WOR KFI WFILE 10. WOR KO WIVG each had 9 WKNR and Detroit only had 8 and also WX was EDTRED EAT. Not enough Detroit people here, baby. I'll turn that right now. That's very sad. WAKY and Louisville had 7 home of Bill Bailey WPOP and Hartford had 7. And now this dancing is changing again and jumping all over the place. I hate that like poison. WLWN Cincinnati had 6 KAYY6 KAYO how can we do put WSA in Cincinnati on there? Dick Pertn used to work there too because we forgot. KOL6 WMX6 WKBW-only 5 only 5 for WKBW and Buffalo. That's probably because Joey used to work there. WCFL also had 5 3 WN Cleveland had 4 as the WN-O WN New Orleans. KHA had 3 KQB and WHK3 KJR had 3. How much a suds was one of those? Thank. Could be. WJBK and Detroit had a pair. KMPC had 1 WDRC and WMGMH had. Oh, none, which you know something that's just out of 624 votes. And especially WMGM with all the respect to Duff and this WDRC craft and Hartford. WMGM 1050 New York with Peter Tripp. How's that possible? Had no votes? When I was dropping Rochester which is a suburb of Buffalo. Even though the daytime MKWMGM although it had little problem was on the same frequency and still is obviously it's WHN. 1050 would see a chum in Toronto. So there would like, you know, it was depending on which way the wind was blowing. You know, Toronto is a suburb of a Rochester right. So that's our poll for today and I'm sure we'll get some solutions to add to that. Make no mistake about it. Here's the big news of the day. Big news. George Beesley sees Antsike becoming an upward trend. Norma, are you a good friend Norma? Facts this to me at the home house last night. Beesley would shoot me in big raises for everybody. What do you think? No. Huh? Come on. Oh, here you go. Here's a good choice for the poll. Thank you. I know that start coming in. Trent Lot. Oh, he makes me want to puke a lot. Thank you. Good choice. Anyway, Beesley broadcast group announced Monday. How come they have been talking about this here in the building? If they pay less attention to ball games and more attention what's being said by the executive officers of this company over in April's, the people in this building might have some idea what's going on. Then they will fear you. You know what I'm saying? Beesley broadcast group announced this week at Expresses O3 results to outpace guidance. Why it's as chairman CEO George Beesley so confident. I've been in this business for more than 40 years. I've seen the up cycles. I've seen the down cycles. He tells Bloomberg. This is an R&R. It seems that the cycle is beginning to turn up board. We've seen that through the first quarter. We've seen that through the second quarter. So I'm confident advertising. Proceeds to be picking up across the board. He also notes that his company was able to renegotiate the sports contract. It's WQM Miami head with the Dolphins, Marlins and Panthers, which means we're saving some of those millions of dollars. We were flushing down the toilet. Beesley's expected to report its Q3 results on October 30. A week from Wednesday. Ready for that? Big big profits, baby, which means big big pay increases for all. Oh. Especially George and Carlos and Miguel. All here's some good ones. Now I'm talking about president. They got Reagan on here. They want to put the porrani on there. Katherine Harris. Good choice. Make our skin crawl most of us. Katherine Harris. Got it? Got it? Okay. So one out of us several on that page ain't bad. Just keep them coming. Factsem and we'll, you know, we can start it on there anytime you want to. I don't want to get like way behind like we did yesterday. Oh, who's on the bat line there? I wonder who that could be? WQM bat line? It's either something that doesn't want to be on your or wrong number or facts. Hello? Nobody there. What is shame? Could have been somebody very important. Maybe it was your friend Norma. Could have been. Could have been Norma. He's got your idea all set up for without huge. I have to understand increase. What do you think? You know, this guy, this so called witness. Well, what would you like to, I'd like to put him in if a different Aver do catch the sniper, which I have my doubts, but if they ever do, I'd like to Put him in his lap when we stick him in the chair. This asshole that was inside the home depot, this to me, these kinds of people, these kinds of, Assholes. How long could we torture him before he finally kills. In a twist in the Washington area sniper case, a witness who told police he had seen a Cream-colored van speeding away from the latest shooting was apparently not telling the Truth forcing authorities yesterday to withdraw one of their few promising leads. The witness had described to investigators seeing a man's shoulder and assault rifle, take him in shootland, a friend of the park and a lot of home depot and a soldier's Virginia on Monday, and also described a van, which he said had a malfunctioning Taillight and a letter rack on top. After two weeks of shooting, some little evidence, the witness is as descriptive as been held as a step forward, and police were feeling a wear optimism about catching the Killer now. The discounting of the witness's story left residents with less confidence, the killer will be caught anytime soon. Police chief Charles Moosey, a moose man of Montgomery County, Maryland insisted that the Development was not a setback, but he ignores the witness may have purposely given the police information. Reports of the van were inaccurate reports of an olive skin person were inaccurate. Moose said the witness also told police he had seen the government wheel in the Naked 74 in assault rifle of Russian origin, based on that initial report, for a fact police broadcast in Lurth for the suspect vehicle and driver, police raced in the position on interstate highways, bridges, and other roads, all on search of the Cream-colored van, the non-existent Cream-colored van. How do you like that? They ought to take this guy like you said and pluck out every cell in his body one at time. Right. Pluck out his eyeball with rusty tweezers. Man. And he was inside the home deep away, finally admitted what was going on. Inside. Maybe at an x-ray vision like Clark Kent, you think? Don't forget small bill Tuesday night by the way, Marka Don and your calendar. Clark gets very emotional again this week. He does? That's what they say. He gets all whipped up into a frenzy. He thinks about looking at it. Not touching it, but you know. Gotta start slow. 26 after 9 at 5. 16 WQA and we all have different lifestyles, Clark, therefore we need different products to make us feel better and be healthier. And that's why you ought to check out Oliometh. Oliometh medituring informulers or advanced combinations of pharmaceutical grade, olive oil combined with good stuff, vitamins, minerals, or bubbles, and other nutrients scientifically designed to provide natural nutrition solutions to help you support specific health needs. And look now for Oliometh's 3 exciting new formulas which are sleep, weight management and co-q10, on using the benefits of the finest and purest olive oil and money can buy. Oliometh's an outstanding new product and you'll find it at your public stores, records and Walgreens, to get more info about what Oliometh does and where you should be sticking at call 1-866 Oliometh. That's 1-866-6536633 and you can also order their products online at Oliomethamerica.com. And if you visit your nearest publics and purchase an Oliometh product in Browder Day Counties, you'll get you a coupon for a free Larry Cochor Bible Head. I'm going to have a Larry Glick Bible Head down myself, but I guess they don't have those yet. Larry Cochor Bible Head down while supplies last. Don't forget to visit their sampling permit in its sports tunnel when the offensive plane at home. And by the way, how embarrassing that game was almost blacked out this week. The 5-1 Dolphins against one of their arch rivals, the Buffalo Bills, with your blood so almost blacked out because this is a bush league town. We have some free samples of Oliometh and the product information as well. Start feeling healthy by poppin' some in your post today. My life in local, we're sports video 5-60's showing 2 AM. Why do you best, dude? Just make them cruise missiles off the shelf. Oh! You know that with me the smell of the hell. Most of them are being blooded you are slow. We're gonna show you how we're rocking a road. Don't turn a tiller's that is ain't so. We know you can't be cool, we've seen it before. You can't be cool at all. I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean I mean definitely. Yeah, you mean that you mean that you mean that you mean that you mean I mean that you mean that you mean that you mean that you mean that you mean that you mean,體icom,anned for all of ways? Yeah. Okay, damn. Okay, Calenite. Hey, calm down. Yeah, slow down. Water Bullet. We're all your bodies, good news from you Help me some people in your neighborhood Instead you have to go and be a real person And now we're watching a playhead on a stick Go in the G&K, why do you win? We call this baby, I get what's in in the middle Special delivery bar, B502 You're gonna be history and you're telling it too When we show you how we rock it out, roll The door is so new as a two-off bar, roll We walk in joy and there's so much of hope Do you, how we rock it out, roll Yeah, no, I show you how we rock it out, roll We know the stuff you ask and do a maroon, roll They walk in joy and there's so much of hope And there's so much hope We don't show you how we rock it out, roll Woo 934-560 WQAM, pastor and foreothers go to jail for wippings And at Latter A pastor and foremembers of his church were found guilty as today I've aggravated the salt and cruelty to children for wipping two boys in front of the congregation I guess it's just probably one to whip him into shape The defendants were handed prison senses ranging from 20 to 90 days They were also find amongst ranging from $250 to $8000 Place on probation in order to attend parenting classes Judge T. Jackson, Bedford, Jr. also told the pastor, the Reverend Arthur Allen, Jr. They cannot advise or participate in any way in the discipline of anyone else's children 150 members of the House of Prayer and independent Atlanta church have repeatedly said that they have the right to beat their children And that the church was being persecuted for its beliefs They got the right to beat their children so don't you think so? Of course they do Well there you go and while are at it, kill some people Sure why not They got their own set of laws Just like the Vatican said yesterday Well, you know that whole of dog and pony show we put on there We don't think so We're not too crazy about it Who the hell are you? Yeah, that's right Who you to be a dick into us, okay? We got the good rosary beads and all that good porn or with the Vatican Vatican rejects US clerical abuse policy Saying revisions aren't necessary By I don't I'll save that I don't want to do that yet We'll get to it How about that football game? How that brawl you saw on TV this morning on the CBS do it over right? Adults and kids brawl it a football game Same old crap man hockey games football games Baseball a little league baseball games Crazy crazy assholes out there Drunken crazy parents obsessive lunatic maniacal crazy people beat none each other kick and stop and and how about That one hockey dead the kill the other one and and we were there all about living by carriesly through their kids right that's right all about exploiting using their kids for their own own puff it up their own ego See I'm I you know you may land when I say it force their realization is the only way to go it's the only hope I notice Eric's got a room for about 400 more. I'm trying to vote on this thing is this thing up for votes yet or not Oh, well, you said that you were going to take suggestions No, no, let's let's close it out. Let's get some more There are Eric when it down close. He here in us this morning or what yes, well, let's hear it. Oh right you can hear us which means other people can hear us on our internet We got problems with that thing, you know, and don't bug us with that. We just does everybody's got problems because it's the freaking internet Like I said when it works, it's great when it doesn't work. It's a real pain in the ass. It's just like you know, it's like and that's gave sucks And vell south even though it's grow can't and subset with me they suck isn't you think he's upset with me? Tucked on speaking of upset. Let me just tell you this. Troy over balance for life. You're a puts It's nice. Did you got a free week of it's worth a billion dollars to publicity on channel 4 But that peace last night with that fat ham hawk and else sunshine. Who the hell are you to be talking about fat on television now? Okay, who the hell are you to be talking about it? And if there's one thing I can't say that's fat people talking about losing weight except me Right, right and the people know how seriously I mean, the thing last night was on the cost now. It's not cheap. That's for sure But the fact of the matter is that to prepare that kind of food, I had last night at chicken. What the was it a chicken thing with the man was unbelievable With all kinds of good stuff on it and the seasonings and the herbs and everything leaves there's no way in the world that any of you people listening me right now unless you're a restaurant tour And the rest of you couldn't prepare that kind of food and they're saying oh it could cost you up to a thousand bucks a month first of all They deliver right to your goddamn door What was it to call or you got the list? Chicken and cauliflower all agreed. No, I had that was that was my dinner. This was a snack. That was good. Very good But this was some kind of a snack. It was chicken. No, this is a different snack. Oh man was that good But anyway, my point being this that you couldn't for all I don't care how much you'd spend nobody in the right mind is got the time or they were with all or the inclination The standard and unless you're a gourmet chef To stand in a kitchen and prepare and work all day long or the time to do it and then make that kind of food So I'll sunshine you are real idiot, okay? Sure it's expensive and they came right out there and they told you how much it cost and how much is your health worth to you right? Right how much is it worth to be alive just like the beast we're gonna save his life with this thing of beast. It's too It's gone from a 48499 pound and is today way in day. He'll be in he was here yesterday Waddling around don't you understand it's too close to not a cloud. He isn't gonna take a chance on low being here. I don't I don't think Mohang's around They don't have those ding dong school meetings anymore like they used to Coach remember that yeah Well, what are you looking at me with kind of a whimsical look like that do they have those meetings? You know it he kind of hangs around so we can kill some people and then he gets out of here Oh He is the best make no mistake about he's the most bizarre, but on Monday man It's gonna be this is gonna be the day Okay, you can do all the BS and all the try to deflect all the stuff Monday's gonna be today put your uh, put your numbers where your masses is what I say put your numbers where your two pay is And you weren't sitting in there unfortunately there was another I'm sure they dumped it there was another comment about his two pay today Probably didn't get on here. Of course when they say when I say his two pay I'm not I don't know which one I'm talking about because this one didn't smell quite so bad It was his bank Now it was the pressure from the whole building from those numbers coming out on Monday And of course right down the hall you know that crap they played on a hall power 96 There are all up well they've been going in the right direction man. I must be that'll be silk you know So I guess this thing that I'm talking about all this nostalgia yesterday and some of the stuff I'm gonna play today the good old days of AM top 40 radio and personalities The people around today they just had what they the younger people didn't grow up in that culture So while they want to hear is the goddamn music Right, right they want to either hear Howard talking. We're not talking about you Howard Howard's firm talking about boobs or You know or they want to hear the music and there's not too much in between that's it Are you sure I think so 20 till 10 at 560 WQ and Katherine Harris moves into first place in the early returns with three votes and you know something if she doesn't win the poll show fix it You know what you make me want to do Katherine. You'll some people. Yeah, that's what you make me want to do you bitch You smelly bitch with your three million dollars over there in Sarasota. You gotta take your money and you know what you got to do with a Katherine Right, boy, she makes my skin crawl at her family is citrus variants of course. Yeah part of the reason we all lost our trees and a lost our election Two's matter fact Bitch 20 till 10 at 560 WQ and I wonder if she could draw picture of it for us, you know jabs Is there anybody out there who's not playing at VIP sportsbook.com is there any single person out there? What does wrong with you? You're really missing out on a good sportsbook. I hear all these ads for all these other sportsbooks including on this radio station You better do some research before I hand all over your your cash to some a third world sportsbook and some horrendous growth test place like naranja Let me help you out VIP sportsbook.com is the only sportsbook to be unanimously endorsed by the industry watch dogs Unanimous meaning every one of them. They're a dust based which means you can trust those Dutchmen and one of the first online sportsbooks in a world So if you go on a roll of a lifetime you're always at that point. Want to be with the best sportsbook going and that is beyond a shadow of a doubt VIP sportsbook.com with a football season swing in it with that game that just barely got sold out for a Sunday to bills in the dolphins and all the other big games You went a better way with VIP sportsbook.com And don't forget if you sign up online you get yourself that 15% cash sign up bonus to and don't forget They also have the highest prolier odds in the universe up to 2001. So get yourself signed up with VIP sportsbook.com And play it a book that's got some serious class called one eight six six VIP bets BETS or sign up online and get you that 15% sign up bonus VIP sportsbook.com or you be the VIP My This is for 205 You Yo, yo, let's rate both 3DO big car Yes, now we pass the time away in the game jail of art I Undery guysQué You take cause you are at home, you leave home. Give you to black, dear and to memory of this month. Does they like, and you have their shoes completely flush. I was the way you wash and walk the wide as cars. You're the junior, say, the trust you've gone to the floor. You tell our allies of the greedy oil wall, but then he make you in all the wide house bathroom. The couple seem to toy with the fence rubbed the floor. They tell you, don't wear stand-outs, don't leave home. Your country told they'll make them all of rich and pure. You're not in the air, but you slide it, people throw. If you feel what you'd be that don't kiss you. When they while you be sleeping fast, they'll be alive. That they dream you just like your ester room. That's when your head will move from touch to touch. Dr. Lilo, if you push and rub it, they'll be cracked on asshole. Last night Harry Potter was on Donahue and did a good job on Condolita and or on Colin Powell. Nice going to Harry. Although Harry of course can barely talk. That thing, whatever he's got. He can barely speak. He can't sing anymore either. But at any rate he did a nice job. He basically called them like house cycle times. So a couple of the names we better add to the list. I see he's already got John asked cropped on there. We better also add because on his list or in snatch. Don't you think somebody facts me that and he also has on here that jooling right wing asshole from Texas. Phil Graham, but I don't think enough people even pay you attention. Most of the asshole seem to be from Texas like Tom Delay. Phil Graham, not all of them. You got your or in snatch who's from Utah. One of them Mormon liickers. But at any rate and keep in mind we're not including the president this because he'd win hands down. Which politician you despise the most Hillary Clinton 11. Catherine Harris 9. Jeff Bush is god 9. They're like in lockstep there. He's what I'm got the same guy. Jewelie women seven good excellent. The old Jews get upset with me when I talk about that. Too bad. He's obnoxious. He's disgusting. He's everything that Jews shouldn't be. See what I'm saying? 10 Kennedy 3. Jesse Helms 3. Dick army 2. I apologize for that. Don't they sound the same and quite frankly other than the spelling. It's basically the same person right wing lunatic assholes on the fringe of humanity. Tom Delay 2 Trent lots got a pair. And he's waving him around to pompoms. John asks. Rob's already got to improve strong third man. He's got none because the. Jesse Helms is on her three. So just vent. Let it out. When it out. Floated judge throws out convicted of boys accused of killing father. A judge yesterday throughout the convictions of two boys ages 13 and 14 in the sling of their father was blooded with a baseball bat as he slept. Circuit judge Frank Bell said the boys rights were violated by the unusual and bizarre way. Prosecutor Samultaneous like presented to conquer the theory theories of the crime. Of course that asshole 10 Abrams on MSNBC. He was telling us all this happens all the time. There's nothing unusual about this. Because that damn Abrams. He's an asshole. There's another one for your asshole column. Man, it's an idiot. If MSNBC get his ass off there, they've been doing himself a big favor along with that fat Jerry Nochman. I'm serious. He's just, oh, he's brutal. Anyway, prosecutors won the conviction of Alex and Derek King last month by arguing that Derek swung the bat. But in a trial that ended a week earlier, they presented evidence that an adult friend of the boys committed to crime. The judge said a lot of a new trial for the boys in the meantime will encourage the prosecution and events to work out a deal. The brothers were facing prison terms of 20 years to life because they were trying to sedults. They were convicted of secondary remover without a weapon as well as arson for sitting in house on fire to cover the crime. We're all ecstatic said Linda Walker the boys maternal grandmother. I saw Derek smile. I think they're happy about it. Now they know they have hope. The brothers lawyers argued that prosecutor David Rimmer committed prosecutorial misconduct for pursuing the contradictory theories. The boys adult friend convicted chalameless. The Ricky Chavis was acquitted. But the verdict was sealed until the boys trial was over. Basically what the prosecution was doing is, well, if we can't convict this while we'll convict them, you know, we'll get somebody. And they used the kids as witnesses against him and didn't work out. And they said, oh yeah, well, you have to believe them because they're outstanding kids and they would never lie. And then in their trial, the guy that this Rimmer guy says, oh yeah, they're a couple of liars. Something stinks in his trial. You know what I'm saying? So thank God the judge even up there in Pensacola was Yahoo judge had enough sense to say, I don't think so, okay. Damn it. You know, was that the pervert that Chavis got? The new term for that kind of guy. Oh, the tadpoline. He was a tadpolar. Yeah, that's that. Where did that come from? It's just a new thing that we're throwing out there on court TV. See, I have to it's just like chicken hawk chicken hawk. Like somebody like him was chicken on, but now chicken hawk of course means done rums frail and all those other right wing little things that they did exactly right. Man. Look at that. What a, you know, the other night I talked about Chris Matthews and he did a great job. I don't like Chris Matthews or nearly but I got a hold of attitude. Maybe he's not so bad. He did a good job there with John McCain at the forum. And anyway, there were, you know, he's asking about a bunch of different questions and he asked him, do you think Hillary Clinton will be running? You think she should run for president. And of course, McCain, you know, being the Republican to begin with, then he's not going to get involved. And once Chris Matthews mentioned that man, those, I thought they're going to have another right in that crowd. They were booing and hissing in like psychotic. Those college students who doesn't hate. I don't know. I mean, I don't get it. The only reason that she won by a landslide in New York in the Senate elections because she was running against that puts that little trophy puts was making all those as sexist, maybe out of comments, you know, and was very kind of sending Rick, what was his name? Rick Azar. Rick. I don't know what his name was. I don't know. And they didn't know either. Nobody knew who was calling. So she helped grow a new year of violence. I, of course, New York is one of those very few states has become a more and more democratic all the time. More and more because they have no choice, but at any rate that that's the only reason she won here, but she could win a fixed election any place else. Let her come down here to Florida and see if she could win. Any chance? No chance. Hillary get out of here. Crazy bitch. Wake up. And then this article is very disturbing. I should give like a caution on this for people that are like weak emotionally. Okay, it's a column by Steve Dunlivian yesterday's New York Post. He says wake up. This terrorist is no native. And of course, this is just his opinion, but this is his column. He writes a lot of good columns. He said it's time to suspect the unthinkable and the suspicion is this. Washington has been paralyzed by terrorists. Territory working for a foreign organization that wants to destroy our country. There are credible experts who believe that a war has been visited on our breakfast table. It's a war that says hotig is the massive slaughter of 911 was traumatic. The Washington area killings is a terrorist cell. No doubt about it said Larry Johnson. A veteran CIA agent and State Department counter terrorists, expert who we've seen on the talking hit shows a million times in last year. Maybe it's not all kind of, but it's in simply with him. He said, Larry was talking with little agent as voice. I keep on hearing his experts on TV saying that terrorists always leave their calling car taking credit for their monstrosities wrong. Fact from 1990 to 1999 there were 3,400 terrorist attacks throughout the world. Mainly against the Western world. Fact some say 10% of those terrorist attacks are ones that some group took credit for. Fact, I believe it's about 1% that took credit. You take credit way after the fact there are some terrorist groups to take credit for something they didn't even do. But the worst thing right now is that I believe this is a terrorist cell. It's that I version a tie up for all on force move with this thing that's stopping the city and then come up with something that's even more terrible. Johnson who heads an international security company called Berga Associates is quite confused that nobody links this bloodbath in Washington with a global tear campaign going on around the world. The atrocities in Washington, Yemen, the Middle East and Asia he believes are all connected. We have a French tanker blown up in Yemen. We have an American Marine killed in Kuwait and yet there's another shooting against our Marines. There's a horrific bombing terrorist attack in Valley Indonesia. This is all happening at the same time the snapper stalking DC and it suburbs. Hello, he says. The Olympics don't go global operation to Washington based security conglomerate as written 9 books on terrorism. He was the first person to get a doctorate in terrorism in 1977. I still being stoned about the terror card in the note which was left with the said dear police, but I am God. This guy's like seven pretending to be the sort of mind he said. The terror card was a total throw off. I'm not an investigator and nothing about psychiatry says, Steve D'Amly, but having traveled a globe more times than I can afford, I can say for sure that a homegrown urban terrorist doesn't write that way. Yes, you're right. It's double respect, it's a big respect for the police. Great respect for authority. Good thing you're print of what these guys are all about. Bottom line, I have Indian Pakistani urban Israeli friends who are pathological about calling me Mr or dear if one is shooter is caught if he's not a foreigner. I will bear my dear ear and macy's window. How do you like that? Steve D'Amly, he says if this guy turns out not to be a foreigner, if this turns out not to be part of some terrorist so he'll bear his fat ass right in macy's window. Let's hope they let him. Oh, they probably would get a hell of a crown. I'll tell you that. Look at Hillary just run away from the pack. Oh, the only way we could have given her any competition, I guess is put mow on there, but can't put him can't forget. I forgot a way to get him on this one. Which politician other than the president of course because he's in a special category, do you despise the most which of this group? I'm not sure if you can't see the number of people who are in the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the city of the status difference is that it is why we can see it in a minute, if not sure, if you are just a comment Now you're going to piss off the Mormons again. You've been driving away our Mormon audience is down like seven or eight people out there now. Keep picking on it. No seriously, you're going to be picking on the Mormons. Who's going to be next? You've already driven away most of the Jews. Then he's working on the Mormons. I'm going to have left this a bunch of right-wing sticks. What does this have? In dedicated Naili since 86, I moved Los Angeles in 1998, continued listening to show him an internet. Recently, I accepted new job, which I'll interfere with my live listening. I'm interested in recording the show off internet to my hard drive. You know if there's a program that can do this. I don't. Well, say that for Carlos, our computer expert when he comes in, I'll say that. Maybe you can email a guy or a fast guy or do something. Do something, okay? Do something. Did you get a spits in yesterday? He did what? Look at those long ones. The bits he put in there. Carlos, put in there. Well, I heard today he's going to come in and kill some people. 9.57 at 5.60 a.m., hey, if you love your house, but it just has enough room for you to do all the things you want to do. Here's the answer. Do what hundreds of other smart people are doing, call strictly editions. Whether you have an a baby, wanted or surprise, and need another room, if you're converting your carport or patio and living space, if you wanted to business for yourself, want to make a home office, call these great people at strictly editions. There, you're one stop shop, more space for your place, place, with an absolutely positively worryfree approach to expanding your living space. Because no shows by the contractors ain't going to happen. No chance of any incomplete work, no unexpected bills. No worries about the job not getting done right, and they take care of every single stick in last detail. They drop your blue prints, they get the building permits, handle all the inspections, too. Strickly, this is got that easy five step approach to total customer satisfaction, follow the bouncing ball now. First they call to schedule a free project evaluation appointment at your home, where a project estimated will determine the scope of your addition. Second, they schedule a bit of employment in their convenience forum for you, where you'll get a detailed proposal and an exact price for your work right to the penny. Third, select your finishing touches, go to contract, fourth review of the design, the architectural drawings, and then fifth, sit back and relax with a big smile on your post as your dream edition moves ahead on schedule with unbeatable quality. It's as easy as falling off a log. So give strictly editions a call at 9.547-918-100. Their license they were insured and they weed a care about doing a super job for you. Look for the red and yellow pages, they serve all our proud and south Palm Beach County. Be sure to tell that Neil and Petey Lenny and George shortly to call 9.540. 7191-8100 for strictly editions. 5.540. And look for this is for 23.560. You wait for way, yeah. Why the you best? Alright, welcome back to the Howard David show where we run a clean family type of what you call it they are show here. No homo talk that queer is like that jukebag, that file is me. I ain't gonna make the thing at their mistake, Sufi sales mate. And what are you doing? You remember when he told the kid to put their hands in the parents thing? Oh yeah, vividly. No, we're gonna talk sports here with a little humor based on the comedy style and Jack boom boom card. Oh yeah, fuck. Say, ate it a beautiful day in paradise, huh? Paradise? I sure, Petey, to New York. Oh yeah. Oh yeah, you're from New York right? I'm from Kenazi. Alright, tight down. I just flip my wigg again. So, would you come down here for? Well, I had to be signs of this right here, this is paradise. To default, God, I guess I can say I trained a miss New York. Why? Pet, don't you want to go back sometime? I, uh, I can't go back. For come! Well, they told me in no uncertain times. Let's not get it that out right now. That sounds familiar. So, uh, you hear the news? Huh? I said, have you heard the news? No! They're gonna suspend that little hustle, Julio. Oh, hey! That's right. They oughta let that little spick-pasted go. What did he do? I just don't like him, eh? Ain't that good enough? But little over the top, don't you think? Oh, you arguing with me? No. You know who I am. I got the power of great greed behind me. I'm taking it easy. I want a fire of all. I don't want to. You! You're fired, too! Get out of my place of business. I say you're a place of business. Why you? Why you're a fool? Damn! Damn! Damn! Fuck it! Damn! Damn! Damn! He's just like a time-ex-wise. He takes a look-in and keeps on the squeal-in-ticking. 10-0-4-5-60W came. Here's a facts from some poor listener who lives in Texas now. We send them our sympathies. Why are there so many Hillary haters? This poor lady can't give a proper BJ, so her husband has to seek them elsewhere. The stone princess, I think, is what he's talking about. Neal, please pray for me as you just mentioned. A lot of people on the polar from Texas. I live here now. Listen to you on the web, dearly. The place is so bad that the top store in last night's 10 o'clock news was that the Reverend Billy Graham is in town. Oh! What's the call of the sea? I don't know. I have no idea. The one in the world? I guess we're going to throw into the lines at about 130 this afternoon. Because if there's one thing we want to do before we finish the week, it's still some people. Why not? Sure! 160 votes on that pool. Hillary's got 36. Which part of the world is that? I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. This is got 36. Which politician on his list? Do you despise the most? Which one just makes you a skin crawl? Your blood boil? Make sure you want to puke your guts out every time you see them? Hillary's got 36. I have no problem with that. She's a she's annoying. She has no credentials, no qualifications. She didn't. She's not. It's one thing to be a carpet bagger. Okay. There have been plenty of politicians who've been carpet bags. But if you know what you're doing, if you know something, she knows nothing. I don't know. She's been a very effective senator. I'm sure she's a offensive to look at. She's offensive to think about. think about. That's what Bubba said. Hillary's got 36. Yep, Bush 25 just edge to had a Catherine Catherine Harrison, Julie Rubin tied 24. They're in a full Nelson 10 Kennedy 13 John Ascroft has moved up very fast. We just put his name on. He's already got 13. I bet she's got more now 14. Like I said, I love it when it changes in midstream because that gives me an opportunity. Go back to the top and read them all over again. Kennedy 14 Ascroft 14 Tom Delays gut 8. Jesse Helm 6 Dick Army's got four probably Bernie Fag voted a couple of times. Trent Lotz got four strong thermature and orange. That's got one. I think there's two or ours in his first name aren't there? I'm not really sure. I don't know. We're not going to worry about spelling. Okay. There's only one orange snatch. There's only that I shouldn't say that. Taro six at five. Well, because there's a early tie and fine Stein and you got who's the other one from California Barbara Foxy. Who's starting our own rebellion. By the way, is what I'm hearing. Vatican reject US clerical abuse policy saying revisions necessary. This is just so amazing to me. That freaking damn Pope. Boy, does he have a lot of cuts. Yes, he does. The Vatican today rejected the US Roman Catholic Church's new sexual abuse policy saying the sweeping zero tolerance crackdown needed to be revised because elements conflict with universal church law. In other words, to hell with your law and the lie everybody else has to abide by we got universal church law. We got that cannon law just as a Frank cannon. Oh, he's dead. While supporting the US vicious efforts to stamp out clergy abuse, the Vatican said the policy contained provisions that were difficult to reconcile with church law, were difficult to interpret and let open procedural questions that need to be resolved. In other words, that's what they said. For these reasons, it's been judged appropriately before the record need to go Vatican approval can be granted. A further reflection on and revision of the norms in the church are necessary. The Vatican response said. The response I'd by Cardinal Giovanni Batista Ray, head of the congregation of bishops, proposed the creation of a joint US Vatican Commission to revise the policy. The US bishops adopted the plan in jail after all that big good talk and pony show they put on. And response to enormous public pressure that they take a tough stance against the abuse of clergy and stem the scandal that has shaken many American Catholics faith and church leadership in those freaking pedophiles. Virtim's groups responded to word yesterday that the Vatican would reject elements of the policy, said the response show the Vatican was more concerned about protecting offending priests than minors and that got their thumb right on it. That's exactly what it's all about. Covering up for the priest, that's all they give a crap about. And a letter released with Ray's response, Bishop Wilton Gregory, head of the US Conference of a Catholic, you know what they had to do with him is taking to Wilton manners. That was what serving right. Head of the US Conference of Catholic Bishop said he was happy to accept the proposal for a mixed commission to reflect further on and consider revision of some of the norms. Gregory was to give a press conference later today in Rome. The Vatican let her give no specifics of the provisions that it found troubling however, it was clear that certain aspects of the American zero tolerance policy would have blamed. Right. Among other things the US policy requires that the deceased moved priest from church work once a credible allegation is made and in some instances from the priesthood itself. In other words, it was adopted that a canofficial's an American church last words have said the norms might violate church law because they would be provacous priests of their due process rights. Well, you know what I say screw them. Screw these damn perverts. Oh, it's speaking of perverts by the way, how come nobody has facted it and nothing probably don't know about her old ballard former lunatic owner of the Toronto Maple Leafs come to find out that he was also a proposition the young boy may believe gardens. They had a big scandal up there with a lot of the usher's not the people were doing handicapped with those kids with those miners and Maple Leaf gardens the usher's will come to find out that Harold battered himself who was a lunatic a maniac destroyed a franchise that everything evil evil he was an evil doer and evil doer but the good news is he's dead. That's the good news. And like I said before we get done here today, some of these evil doers in the world one thing we're going to make sure we do is kill some people before we leave it one clock. We got the mad dog at one. Hank is on for a full you know baseball scenes over so I guess I don't have to make a big deal that full four hours every day. Hank 3 to 70 told me he's been doing calisthenics to a boner for it. They wants that 5 30 to 6 30. We got the who does college football preview with Josie and Josh Dero 7 and then no wonder clearance was in the early working feverishly over his desk. You see him in there. Yes, anyone interrupt them. He was just pouring over stuff on the internet. Look like poor no to me. Any K at 10 and the SPN radio overnight. He was banging away in there. 10 minutes after 10 at 5 60 W to Q and for years you've heard me talk about the lights of West Boca what a great job they do for you and other can help you lose some of that weight on the atkins that why do you people around the atkins and for many people at works against the job done because it's a low carb see one thing when they talk about diets on these stupid shows like on channel for they don't make that they don't differentiate between refined car by high grades and unrefined natural carbohydrates. So this business like lumping it all together like potato chips is the same as God damn asparagus. I'm sorry. You ask holes in channel for anyway. Atkins works for a lot of people if you want to stuck up on all the great products for atkins. That's this is one complete story that's gear just for you. The lights of West Boca can you imagine a little low carb no fact delicious gov ice cream on a hot day like today. I can imagine it. How about a worth 1000 low carb no sugar products is ready for you to taste because the lights of West Boca you can always try it before you buy it and it lights it's 25% off on all icons products all the time from candy to cookie snacks bread's vitamins that great to pasta sauce with almost no carbs at all. The lights of West Boca's got it all with more great stuff arriving every single day of your life. The lights of West Boca you'll find them on the northeast corner of glazing 441 in Boca. They're open every day till 10 o'clock seven days week you can call them at 1 8 7 7 low carb or check them out of that wicked worldwide web if you like at low carb dot com. You wait. Chamberlain rate me. Hi everybody this is Alan Threes back in 1951 in Cleveland we kind of phrase that became the biggest pop music allera in the world the words rock and roll. And this is Raccoon in the go for great 98. Jim Lansbury here from Raccoon this week and this is a place if you're tired of being bombarded and screamed at by those other radio stations one of our radio stations. To the you all are in the world we're going to be all the group of our musicals. If this sounds like you're kind of radio join me brother John and we'll all be part of the new breeder people the people radio called love coming any day now to W ABC FM. There we go. ABC FM. You are medium with a message. This is me who is probably video network I'm Bruce Brown in New York this is WINS all the it was all the time that I'm Charles Edwards. 60 60 degrees and sunny at 5 o'clock this is W any W news after the minute Jim Lansbury reporting. It's 24.6 this is the Santons and WOR FM. 20 20 news. From all over the world east west North and South use from FM from the American FM radio network. I hope you really feel me. I'm going to be a little bit more. I'm going to be a little bit more. I'm going to be a little bit more. I'm going to be a little bit more. I'm going to be a little bit more. I'm going to be a little bit more. I'm going to be a little bit more. Okay. I'm going to be a little bit more. I'm going to be a little bit more. music car, Dennis and I'm in the flow of your Route 22, your new Jersey Open 10 a.m. to for five the next morning's end. Oh yeah. Here in my breast. Are your times all pray? I love fair blue. There's some people. Good, honey. And the house there's Anderson. Hey, you're awake. You're down, down, down. I know you are at the morning right now. Everybody, 20 minutes to seven. Twenty minutes to seven. Don't forget Robby Young starts at 1 o'clock today. Five, 25. Fred Boyen, the news and a lot of news for you. The new year's morning. And then all the way with H.O.A. Tills him. You is five minutes sooner from W.A.B.C. New York. This is Fred Boyp. Wednesday, now, the 7 p.m. Time for the big M. Bruce Morrell. The night from Ravenhall, pool at Kony Allen. Here's Bruce. Hey, you're doing treasure. Oh, you know, we got a load of stuff. Here everyone's ready. And I go, we're going to be giving a lot of prizes. We got a lot of albums. We got hundreds and hundreds of our cousins here. We're a life from beautiful Kony Allen. Ravenhall, pool. What do you say? We've got things to write. No, it's not zero. Our B-quad, it was listening. Oh, it was a huge, here's Bobby right now. I do it, okay. I think it's time. The right back to uptown. Or W.A.N.S. and L.A.E.L. circle. Dick, Dick, Prince, Dick Wawful's ready for us there. On the back and back on the beach part, you know what they move your culture. Wannies, the medication prison. On the beach. It's fun. It's fun. On the side when news is hot. A wam review center is on the air. Keep your 80-year-longness out of it, Harvey. W.A.N.S.L.A.L.E.L.E. We can bring a hat from too wonderful. You think you know I, you within... Something like this. Wim, you go! Where are Joey Hala a year? Good morning, Mr. Jack Lee, политist.illsmu, colleagues from the 14th Ave, I'm thoroughly mad about glorivism and mercy, ho imaginations. I know-me of this? I love you so much bro! I knew if the poodle壳 was ready General pleading under General Pleading. Everybody's down there. Hello, Scott's shower, Bruce. Come right in. I am Dan Boyante, the crowd is really restless. They're yelling down there on Park Avenue. We want the Beatles. And I got news, everybody down there on Park Avenue listening to WAPC, WAPC, WAPC, Ball and Ringo. We'll be with us in a few minutes. This was, with you like it, if for the rest of the show, we've played nothing but Beatles record. I'm saying you gotta be alright. Feel it, feel it. You gotta hear it, go, break it up. 70, 70, I dig it. I dig it up, go, beat up. I'm so bad. I'm so bad. I'm so bad, I'm so bad. I'm so bad. I'm so bad. I'm so bad. I'm so bad. I'm so bad. You gotta know that, and you're in. Yes, Scott's shower, what's happening? Lingo is here. Lingo is here, I'm out of your waiting seat. I'm in the next season, and I'm in the next season. This is WABC. The stage in New York is twisting too, Channel 77. R-A-R-A-R-A-R-A-R-A-R-A-R-A-R-A-R-A-R-A-R-A-R-A-R-A-R-A-R-A-R-A-R-A-R-A-R-A-R-A-R-A-R-A-R-A-R-A-R-A-R-A-R-A-R-A-R-A-R-A-R-A-R-A-R-A-R-A-R-A-R-A-R-A-R-A-R-A-R-A-R-A-R-A-R-A-R-A-R-A-R-A-R-A-R-A-R-A-R-A-R-A-R-A-R-A-R-A-R-A-R Where we can lose from tvC ped軍隊 you, brought to you by Winston and the 1962 Wemler, this is Arthur Von Horn. on the horn. Partos of the little ass around the path in church bells may ring right now straight up to New Simon. WMGM New York. Vopaloo with you on the Lambside. Vopaloo here will look for in the other side of news when we got big sounds coming your way from the last six on. It's a big bomb with a jug. WMGM New York. Vopaloo in the sky with you said Medivariable people first for the past time. 7-7-W-A-B-C. Solid gold, it's time so bright. The Beatles is saying it on hard days, now. This is Sun-Trust in Chariot. This is Vopaloo. And this is W-A-B-C-F-M-95 New York. But it's Vopaloo. This is a Lewis and Clark Expedition on CDFFM. And these are the doors. Vopaloo is for Dennis Alpsa, the son of WM-W-W-F-M Metro Media Story with New York. W-C-F-M-U-Y-O. W-A-B-C-F-M-W-F-M-U-Y-O. W-C-F-M-U-Y-O. You was a day, Bobby Ran and Eurethio. This is Merlechia, Sanitya, and as a fifth beetle. I am delighted to bring you the fifth of the week, baby. All of us at the week, and I love her. Chariot from the bottom of my heart. W-A-B-C-F-M-U-Y-O. Hey, everybody. This is Merlechia. I've got big news for you. We are very close with the beetles, and it's nothing that is going to get you upset or you beetle fans. But John Wennan is a personal favorite. Ask me to bring over a group. It has really turned an England upside down. Now, you may not have heard of him, but the rolling stones that got here longer than the beetles. We're going to present them in their very first US appearance at Carnegie Hall. They're saying you're listening to the day-firm and program on W-A-B-C-F-M-U-Y-O. That's a cool, too late. W-P-L-D-95.5 FM in New York. I must have been the wrong thing again. Okay. Well, this isn't what's spoken to happening now, but this is a total of past period. 5.25. This is Rick's law with his brief five-minute sooner from W-A-B-C-Ratio. So, you will see me super biggest but a good way to see. Oh, Oscar Hamerson. One Monday, you will eat with one day and England. Who's wrong? You're the best man in the world. Who? No, no. You're the best. Wait, wait, wait. Huh, hey, hey, hey. What's up? I was in the beginning with the first. We never were. We were the biggest two-armcy on one of the all-marketing videos. We've been playing for you. We've got five years here as well. We'll say hi when you feel lonely. We're the good guys. Alright man, how's my star today? Let's come back there. Oh, hey, that's cool. Thank you, what's your tea? He's a guy. That's a good guy. And then we'll be in the show. We'll be swing. We'll do six on tellin' love. Here's our day of swing along. Good guys. That's perfect. I've tried to preach any episodes with you. I'll need to be among the wide wide-ward ones. Stand by. You can be a winner of the musical love that is content. Maybe here's one right now. These are the ship-bonds. Stand. Stand. Here's the six manual. WADC. This one's a gear in lecture. We've been to the sea. Okay, here we go everybody. We've got plumbers around. That's what we like. We like the fighting. This is WADC. Follow your solid spectacles. In five years old. And this is the 20th anniversary of the farming of the year. She'll have a stand. She'll have a stand. Throw them to you. That's right. Twelve-and-a-half minutes before we make a lot of guns. WADC. You're broken young here in New York. A little nine years of power. A needle ball, maybe dead. Let's march back here and we've been getting some phone calls. The Swiss boy downstairs has been inundated. We're got some speculating that really young was doing your early at the morning. We're got him from a car beat. If you want to listen to your words. But please be assured that those speculations are untrue. They are untrue. Please don't call right. Hey, baby, this is it. In the case we want to tell you to stand by for Mad Daddy on yours. Truely W.I.N.S. The Green of Duke, the executive group, W.I.N. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The Green of Duke, the W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. The W.I.N.S. Is that everything? Sheila May was arrested in August after she called a pharmacy to get a prescription. We feel for a woman who died the week before. May was sentenced Thursday. The pharmacist recognized the name of the deceased. The order and called police. The Saratoga County.D. is off a set. I guess we know where it is now. Amanda Pyrita the pharmacy saying he was there to pick up the prescription. Prosecutor said police talked to the man who agreed to bring the bottle of Hydrochid Hydrocco adorn. And our product painkiller to May. Prosecutor said May pleaded guilty. August 9 to 4th to be attempted. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said he was arrested. The doctor said the brother was being held in the air of half a million dollars bail. A review of video tape made by a bystander led to the brothers' arrests. They had a way outnumbered team parent, Desi Tubbs, told the KCBS TV they separated anybody who wanted to get him to stop the fight and beat them up. It was about five or six guys. The president of one of the team's sick angl city saw a nine year old girl hit. Angl's himself was shown on the video being knocked down and he appeared on TV Wednesday with the deep cut over the bridge of his nose. Some parents complained they had been heavy drinking by adults during the game. Oh, that couldn't be part of the problem. Could it? As Uncle Neal has been asking for many years how many beers does it take to enjoy a sporting event? Does anybody have an answer? No. Five. Remember fact that what was his name that's dead now? They used to come to the hockey games all the time? Clemens? No, no. What the hell was his name? I'll decide out of mine with the big red faith Andy. Oh. Yeah. Who used to bring the beers back like three at a time? You know, one for you two for me. That kind of thing he's now he's dead. Linda Lane conference president of the youth football league confirmed yesterday that two teams from the San Gabriel Valley program were involved in the brawl had no further comment of course. He's mom. The fight occurred immediately after game between teams from Poker Rivera and nearby Downey. Oh, that explains it. Everett behavior by parents using and abusing their children so they can like say, hey, my kids better near a kid. My kids buy whatever. And I'm going to show you if you don't believe me, I'll just beat the crap audio. In fact, some of these people, I think it's so pliced. That's a miracle. More of these folks don't go to a game with the extra contention of kill some people. Yeah. Maybe that's what they went there for. Like that hockey dad. Let's talk some hockey. What do you say? No. How about those make believes, huh? Trevor kids still sucks. See, we could play Phoenix every night. We'd be okay. Anyway, 64 votes for Hillary and Jeb is starting to move up on a race and Jewelie Ravens making a nice move. Oh, I'm going. You boy, he makes me nauseous man. Like I said, he got my vote and he'd get it every time. That's the only thing I vote for him for. I wouldn't vote for him for dog catcher because I'm a dog lover. I wouldn't want dogs anywhere. He might get tangled up in his tofilling. I think I do a good job. Oh, don't. Man. What a wimpy. In effect, you will have phony baloney right wing, self-hating, obnoxious bush-looking. You're not even more. This bush, when you're 5-6 months. You way, yeah. The 13 baby. I want you couple, miss ol. Yeah, yeah. The 14. The place we know. And aim a mat of fell. Whose first name begins without. There's one thing we all understand. How cater won't be finished until we blow up Pakistan. Kills and people. We could chase and round forever with our tags and all our troops. Our special forces are so tired of jumping through the demos. You'd probably need another play. So let's cut out all the nonsense. And we'll blow up Pakistan. How catered and even if we're paying. Why don't we stop for seafood and we'll blow up Pakistan. Kills and people. 46 and 560. WKM. George Tenet from the SCIA. He says the other day that Al Qaeda's organized again to get ready to do another big thing. The danger is just as great as it was in the days and weeks before I'm 11. That's exactly what he said. And the administration says, well, should we go up that warning level again from me? I'll order orange and they say, no, no. And you want to know why? Because it doesn't do a goddamn thing. No, too close to election time. Oh. See if they increased that alert to orange now. It makes the public like, oh, that like that. Feel, oh, we're like unsafe. And maybe in this last year plus we haven't read down the great effective job of combating terrorism that we probably should have in a wiping out Al Qaeda. Even though we're talking to big game and rattling our spirits and going to go into a rack alleged. Much less reminder, public of that. So they're going to resist at all costs trying to like boost that. Not that it has that much impact on most of us, but just, you know, that it cuts Do you know anybody that does anything different based on that? Are you kidding me? You have to be kidding me, Mr. In fact, we got a lot of people out there who like the nervous neles. They got the, uh, today is the Amber Alert and the Orange Alert and the, uh, and the blue A light special. They got that all written down in various compartments. Things like that. Well, that's a pretty ugly t-shirt Miguel's wearing today. And it's a pumpkin. Oh, it's a little early for that though. And that's only the 18th. Save that for a couple of weeks. Maybe he's having some pumpkin pie for lunch. Can Bush resuscitate little brother. I talked about this yesterday. Didn't get to it. It's too damn long. It's too long. OS by Howard Finanth and he wrote it for MSNBC. Hey, little brother happy birthday. George W. Bush churped into a cell phone. Is his driver's tour to love the long. The streets of Houston. This was in early 1994. When our company Bush, I want to his first trips through Texas. He prepared to run for governor. The fellow he was talking to was John Ellis Bush. Jeff. Did you know that? Up until this moment. I never knew that that was his name. John Ellis Bush. Jeff. Then regarded as the Bush son, most likely to follow dead into the White House. These days, big brothers calling again, but now the subject is more urgent. Rescue and Jeff from political oblivion. Of all the races and all the places across the country this fall. Not is more important to the president than getting little brother. We are likely to go to our floor and in his surprisingly tight race with democratic attorney, Bill McBride at Tampa, which is why W was done here again the other day. Electrical college arithmetic is one reason, of course. As he contemplates the presidential race of 2004, the president knows that Florida again promises to be the mother of all battles as toast and contestant as in 2000. And this time they might actually have to let some sources vote. His brothers, presidents in the governor's mansion in Tallahassee, was a big help two years ago. For the Bush White House, there's no worse nightmare than having a Democrat little on a shrewd lawyer like Bill McBride in the governor's ship. But in the Bush family, the only thing more important than politics is family. And Jeff Sagaz turned from stellar promise to personal, to political and political anguish. New full showman of virtual tie with McBride, the 2000 election is made in the Democrats National Enemy number one, his daughter in a wellest facing a humiliating public hearing on charges that she violated the terms of a drug rehab program. And since this was written by the way, it's calling her Hills for 10 days in jail. Little brother returns out wasn't a lucky brother. Back in the early 90s, the smart money and the family's hopes road with Jeff. He would detall in lanky son, which matters to the Bush's, founding father Prescott X-Volving part was six four. He was the son of a five-bedic cap of key from the University of Texas through, though, through which he raced in two and a half years. He was a son of spoke, maliffal was Spanish, and he not George with the apple of the mother's discerning an ambitious eye for power. Jeff had everything but destiny on his side. Eldest brother George had first dibs on a state to try to call his own and choose a chose Texas, which through the 80s began to rise as a base in anchor of a new more conservative Republican party. Jeff with fewer schoolboy ties to Texas, chose his his center of operations, Florida, which is turned into the San Andreas fault of American politics. I love it. The San Andreas fault of American fault. What an our fault. In fact, you guys in there it's your fault. You expect when they both ran for governor 1994, the conventional wisdom was that Jeff would win and W would lose. Jeff was an office holder and was a smooth campaigner, but he ran a philosophically in indistinct campaign against a once in a generation Florida phenomenon, former governor and senator, Lawton Charles. The hecoon. Meanwhile in Texas George David was being schooled in the new conservative themes and he stuck to them in a plotting but disciplined way to topple a complacent incumbent and Richards. On lunch and night Barbara Bush was reportedly more disappointed than Jeff had lost than excited that George he had won. When Jambrine again in 1998, it's so as a full-bore conservative and he faced a weaker candidate in Buddy McCay. How you doing buddy? I covered that race too and remember the bush family flocking south to help brother save face which he did. Since winning the White House Bush's ordered Carl Roe was political concelierie to spare no effort to get Jimmy reelected. Even if doing so creates, our risk creating political home creations elsewhere. The Bush White House's banned oil drilling off the coast of Florida, even while encouraging it elsewhere, it is far more money than the Everglades rescue project. It is even kept a Pentagon central command in Tampa and roe recently blocked an effort by GOP Farm State senators to open Cuba to mark in the Green Shipments, a move opposed by Florida's virulently anti-castoral Cuban ex-occupiedity. Farm State GOP candidates were furious. Jeff never less finds himself in a tight race with Nick Bryan who was as close to a dream candidate as Democrats in Florida could find. He has no Clinton baggage to speak up. He has a southern accent good for hunting votes in the Panhandle. He was opposed by party liberals also good for hunting votes in the Panhandle. He's as decorated Vietnam vet also good for hunting votes in the Panhandle. Turn out won't be a problem in the Mami area counties where we was rob mentality still poised two years after 2000. Not surprisingly, Jeff seemed unsettled when asked that NBC's today show whether he wanted to seek the White House in 2008. It's been a much tougher road a host so far that he or anyone else expected. The presidency is far from his mind. He joked that he much is well ought to become a priest. As president, he is in fact a cover to Catholicism and a devout one. I'm not sure he was speaking entirely in just. I know him from interviews to be a soulful sort, given the kind of political introspection and doubt that's certainly for him. He was hard charging never looking back big brother. Between our election day the brother would have traveled a Florida least twice. He was just here. He's already been there ten times since taking office. Mon Paul raised money there early and often cabinet members are flown in and out like so many snowboards will be enough to save. On election night, expect another big little brother call for now we can only imagine what they'll be saying. You know what I think hope they're going to be saying? I don't know if I'm going from Texas say, oh, but that's what they ought to be saying. Because I think he's going to get his ass walked. And you know, they made a good point last night. I think I forget which show was on one of the talking hits. How come wouldn't you think that if your daughter was in the trouble letting a well is in and if she was standing there in court facing a time in jail, which she got and being taken away in handcuffs, wouldn't you think that the father would be there? I would be. Was he there? No. And you want to know why? It's a bad photo op. Oh, well, of course. Yeah. Don't look good, baby. To be in court while your daughter's been taken away in handcuffs. I mean, what kind of a father that's always talking about family values and being holier than now? What kind of a father let's his daughter stand there along with her attorney given the court and he ain't there for? Was the mom of there at the smuggler? No. No, she was busy a shoplifting. I mean, they're doing something. She was out with a little no to rider. Spuck me and crap in. Man, oh man, oh man. I don't want to start, you know, when you get angry, it's bad because then you get your blood boil and you want to kill some people. You know, which politician do despise the most we asked today? Hillary Clinton's leading the pack. What a surprise. 78 for good old swirly. What a shock. Second place, Julie women's moving up the pack. Oh, 53. Love these votes look pretty suspect. I mean, but that's okay. We'll take it. Jim Bush 52, right on Hillary's ass. Catherine Harris 44, Ted Kennedy 28, John Ascroft 25, you know, John Ascroft. He's an asshole. Jesse Helms 14, Tom Delay 11, Trent Lotsovendick Army 6, Strom Thurman 6 and Orange Snatch has only four. Poor Orange Snatch only has four. Pretty weak. Wait a year, this story. Alabama Chief Justice Defense Ten Commandments Monument. The Chief Justice of Alabama Supreme Court said he installed a 5,300-pound monument to the Ten Commandments in the state judicial building because he was concerned about the moral decline of the nation. Chief Justice Roy Moore testified for a second day yesterday in the trial of a federal lawsuit seeking to remove the monument he had installed in the building's rotunda in the middle of the night. The basic issue was whether we'll still be able to acknowledge God under the first amendment or whether we will not be able to acknowledge God Moore said. The lawsuit was filed by the Southern Poverty Law Center and Americans united for separation of church and state on behalf of three Alabama attorneys. They contend the monument promotes Moore's religion and violation of the Constitution. They are. That's the way we correct the testimony's expected to continue into next week. Moore a conservative Christian said he turned out a request to place the monument to atheism and the buildings rotunda and that he would not allow a similar monument to the Hindu faith, Buddhism, Islam or any other religion. This is not the place for more a system of justice was drawn he testified. He said he also rejected plans, a various Christian groups to place other Christian symbols in the rotunda. I don't want to return that it become a hanging garden of different ideas he said. The grandit monument features the King James Bible version of the 10 Commandments sitting on top of a granite block. Around the marnamon are quotes from historical figures and documents such as the Declaration of Independence which Moore said support is belief that the 10 Commandments are the moral foundation of American law. Moore said he didn't share his plans for the monument with other justices, a committee that oversees the building, the governor or the public before installing in the middle of the night. In the middle of the night, on July 31st, 2001. He did tell Florida TV preacher the anxious DJ James Kennedy who had a cool film the installation offered video tapes of a free donation of 19 bucks. For 19 bucks, you can see him sticking it. Moore also questioned why his monument was on trial and not the fountain and monument in front of the federal courthouse which includes the scales of justice in the face of the Greek goddess of justice, how do you like that? Now how come they're picking on him and not those guy named Greeks? Why in local, we are sports video 562A, you A-M. Are you positive? If 9 o'clock on a Sunday night and I'm gonna watch HBO, there's some dumb show about a few days back. He also made some. The idea is that when I turn on the tube, I'm shoved and screwed because they're showing killer I want to see Bobby and Sylvia in the back room of the fight of being It's been so long since the last episode there's so many things I forgot Dip on and get whack is furious smoking crap and as Tony still sale the stugas So I pick up the latest TV guide and that's when I start feeling fine Think got HBO's spring and thought that they goes each and every Sunday at night Only season four of the sopranos man If I have to wait even one second more Love it out to it five sixty WM the man dog will be here one we got Hank three to seven of course It's Friday so that means the day of one statute five thirty with the Humper who just call us football I'm a little bit nervous about the first day of the week I'm a little bit nervous about the first day of the week I'm a little bit nervous about the first day of the week I'm a little bit nervous about the first day of the week I'm a little bit nervous about the second day of the week I'm a little bit nervous about the second day of the week Probably Al Qaeda or some of their buddies again because their main goal in life I guess is Hillsom people Paul Cragman writes it a new York Times spring time for Hitler You may recall a George W. Bush promised among other things to change the tone and Washington He made good on that promise the tone has certainly changed As far as I know in the past it wasn't considered appropriate for the occupant of the White House to declare that members of the opposition party weren't interested in the nation security And certainly wasn't usual to compare anyone who wants to tax the rich or even anyone who estimates the sheer of last year's tax cut that went to the wealthy to wait all Hitler Okay, maybe we should discount remarks by Senator Phil Graham when Mr. Graham declared that a proposal to impose a one-time capital Gaineslevy on people who read on to his citizenship in order to avoid paying taxes was right out of Nazi Germany Even the wrecking Republican on the Senate Finance Committee Charles Grassley objected to the comparison But Mr. Grassley must have thought better of his objection since just a few weeks later he decided to use the Hitler analogy himself He said I'm sure voters will get their fullest attestance claiming that the Bush tax cut hands out 40% of its benefits to the top 1% of taxpayers This is not nearly misleading it's outright false some folks must be under the impression as long as something is repeated often enough it will become true That was how it all Hitler got to the top For the record Robert McIntyre of citizens for tax justice the original source of that 40% estimate is no it all Hitler The amazing thing is that Mr. Grassley is sometimes described as a moderate his remarks are just one more indicator That we've entered an era of extreme partisanship one that leaves no room for the acknowledgement of politically inconvenient facts For the claim that Mr. Grassley describes his outright false is in fact almost certainly true an irrational word of what even be a matter for argument You might imagine the Mr. Grassley has in his hand an alternative answer to the question how much of the tax cut will go to the top 1% The administration has at some point produced a number showing that the wealthy aren't getting a big share of the benefits In fact however administration officials have never answered that question when press they've always insisted on answering some other question But last year the Treasury Department did release a table showing somewhat inadvertently then more than 25% of the income tax cut will go to people making more than $200,000 a year This number doesn't include the effects of estate tax repeal in 1999 only 2% of a state's paid any tax and have that tax was paid by only 1600% of a state's The number also probably doesn't take a copy of the alternative minimum tax which will stand to weigh most of the income tax cut for upper middle class families but won't affect the rich Put all this together becomes clear that those sure enough something like 40% of the tax cut it could be a bit less but probably it's considerably more will go to 1% of the population And the administration's systematic evasiveness on the question of who benefits from the tax cuts amounts to a plea of no or contendry which brings us back to the new tone and Washington When Ronald Reagan cut taxes on rich people he didn't deny that that's what he was doing You could agree or disagree with his supply side economic theory used to justify his actions, but he didn't pretend that he was increasing the progressivity of the tax system The strategy used to sell the bush tax cut was simply to deny the facts and to lash out at anyone who tried to point them out And it's a strategy that having worked there is now being applied across the board Michael Kinsey recently wrote that the Bush campaign for war against Iraq has been insulting to American citizens not just because it's been dishonest But because it's been unserious, alliance insulting and obvious lies doubly insulting all I can say is now he notices it's been like that all along an economic policy You see some folks must be under the impression as long as something is repeated often enough it'll become true That's how George W. Bush got to the top Right Paul Krugman it today's New York Times. Nice going Paul. Do you go boy heavy duty Readiest former case worker arrested Police arrested really well since former case worker yesterday on charges that he stole money from the state by claiming she was visiting foster children Why actually working as a substitute teacher Deborah Muscali a 16 year veteran of the Department of Children and Families they'd off a gore than 70 and 100 bucks from the agency for how she didn't work Time she could have spent visiting really well since the other children are care investigative say anybody seen really lately by the way No Had Muscali 45 made the required monthly visits to the five year older wouldn't have had taken the agency 15 months to notice that the Miami girl was missing DCF officials have said the girls disappearance has set off a firestorm in the state causing an agency shake up Deliver the resignation of DCF chief and August Muscali a temper of pines and accused of 11 counts of grand theft 21 counts of official misconduct and on counts of petty theft She faces up to five years in prison Muscali is the fifth person connected with really wills to be arrested in the past three weeks Earlier this month police arrested the girls former caretakers, Gerald and Pamela Graham well you know about them Yeah, get those fingers working jab Gerald and Pamela Graham on fraud and theft charges. They arrested Gerald and Graham and her two grown children Leo and Jacqueline episode on lesser charges As prosecutors in police agencies vigorously pursue every possible lead in the attempt to locate really Wilson We've uncovered a variety of failures in crime state at the hernia Catherine Fernandez Rundal city yesterday however the defensive attorneys for those arrested say other motivations lie behind the arrests It's really a pathetic attempt to distract the public's attention from law enforcement state to dissolve the real tragedy Which is the disappearance of little girls had muscali's attorney George Palace muscali worked in two honorable albeit underpaid professions and to be treated like this is pitiful muscali also known as Deborah Wallace Also known as Deborah Wallace don't look at me surrendered at the FDLE headquarters in West Miami, date it was being held at the Turner Guildford night detention center on $20,000 bail late last night The SCF officials declined to comment on her arrest. You go boy, that's yet. He's doing it man You're I I'm just it's like two and a half weeks. It's two days less three days less than three weeks now right two and a half weeks election day I just want to see the look on his post when he gets his ass whipped by Bill McBride which he will he's gonna lose Yeah, I just want to see the look on his post you know He might look just like like Alfred he knew him and he might have that deer in headlights kind of dumb look because they're guess it runs in the family You know, he usually don't have that look he saves it for his brother, but he might just borrow with that night When he's so far behind that even the even Catherine Harris will be able to find an up-boats to steal and Guess what all you dark folks out there this time. They're gonna have to let you guys vote Two three times to make up for last time. Don't you think about that? Absolutely positively. Oh look at that message center new audio and video messages for Oh my god. We got stuff popping up all over the screen on here Looks like the screen on headline news there got something every guy named corner 9 minutes after 11 at 5.60. Do you have any QAM? I don't think this is the right copy. I got here. Is it no? I mean pop it apart. We're loving other spots. Should I give another spot? Why not? Oh look at that. Oh man. I'm coming apart at the seams just drop my glasses on the floor Tom layman and Halle Ponte at GMC so no tricks this year at Halloween just treats no hollow Weanies announcing the great 0% Halloween event going on right now at Halle Ponte act That's correct with a proof credit from GMAC you can get yourself 0% financing for up to 60 months on all brand new 2003s. No, let me try again on all 2002 Pontiac and GMC models and select 2003s get that right or times gonna be really upset or take a wee bit of up to four grand Here's even more good news no payments for up to 90 days check out the complete line of GMC SUVs Including the on-boi voted by motor trend as SUV the year in the all new Pontiac 5 SUV the big gutsy vibe That's got the power of a big expensive sports car without the cost Halle it's also was always got a dependable selection of great unbeatable use cars trucks NSUVs and like I always tell you folks if somebody else turns you down for credit for any kind of a vehicle I have no fear because Tom Halle will work out a deal It's the great 0% Halloween event going on right now at Halle Ponte act 134 a one south tixie highway that's US one right across the street from the falls open every day seven days a week For more information you'd call me 305 238 4040 that's 305 238 4044 Halle Ponte at GMC who do be professional grade Do fudge back him? Yes I You're making the sale. You're making the sale. I'm 15 at 5.60. That's it. It's what are he's making people all the way. I wonder about this number of votes on this poll today. But, you know, some of those folks down there got to have some to do 374 votes. In an hour and a quarter. Well, like I said, it keeps him off the streets. God dammit. Which politician do despise the most? Hillary Clinton 94. 43. Jewelie Rerman 54. Katherine Harris 49. Ted Kennedy 30. John Aschrocht 28. Jesse Helms 19. Tom Delay 13. Trent Laude 8. Dick Army 6. Strom 36. And Orange snatched 4. And let me say it again. The fact that Jeff Bush wasn't in that courtroom with the wells that up to make you want to puke your guts out. Even on guiding light, poor reba's unattrolled for her life for a couple of weeks ago. And if Josh ain't there in a courtroom. People are going to say, what's that all about? Right? This is disgraceful. But you know, you bush lickers out there. You can rationalize anything because your minds are closed. Good right wingers man would know ability to think. Just like the religious fanatics. Oh, excuse me. Am I getting redundant now? Is that what it's happened? Yes. This is disturbing. But not surprising. The administration of Florida Governor Jay Bush is apparently retaliated against a professor of public administration in FSU who was scared to speak of the state library conference last week. According to the St. Petersburg Times, Lannes Dave and Smith has written columns, critical of the Republican Party in Florida declaring that Al Gore should have been declared winner of the 2000 presidential election shortly after the latter column. He was told he was no longer a luncheon speaker. Victoria pennled into the Bureau of Library Development explained by email that, preparing for our transition to the governor's office is making folks sensitive to anything which may be construed as inappropriate. This has had an impact on the conference agenda. The later said that the haven Smith was dropped only because of the focus of the conference had changed. Right. Right. Who the hell are you kidding the sweetheart? A federal judge yesterday ordered the Bush administration to turn over key documents about its energy task force for a second time. Lannes government lawyers gave notice they plan to take their case to an appeals court to be brought complying. U.S. District judge M.H. Sullivan gave lawyers representing Vice President Taney to November 5 to produce documents that detailed the membership roles and meeting schedules of the national energy policy development group which Taney cheered Sullivan ordered the same documents turned over in August. If the government doesn't produce documents by that November date Sullivan said the administration must have been a claim of executive privilege and the reasons for it. The hour-long hearing marked by a series of sharp exchanges between Sullivan and Shannon W. Coffin, the Justice Department attorney handling the case is the latest development one of a handful of lawsuits that have sought to force the Bush administration to release information about the task force and they're not talking. Their mom. Could be too embarrassing. Especially all of you ordered the game full of member fit. What a strange coincidence huh? Figures don't lie says the Orlando Sentinel tax cuts hurt Bush's chances. Jeb Bush laid the foundation for his political vulnerability shortly after his election. He went to win with first legislative session in 1999 with $3 billion next to cash. Thanks primarily to a robust economy and Florida's settlement with tobacco companies. His priority was clear he wanted a $1.25 billion tax cut, aimed mainly at businesses and wealthier residents. Oh, what a surprise! He proposed only about half that for increased school spending which did little more than meet growth. Much of his tax cut would come by slashing a statewide property tax use for school operations, a permanent cut based on temporary almost freakish economic conditions. The more moderate Senate demanded more for schools unless for tax cuts, the compromise was a billion for each. The 2000 budget year also came flush with cash, Bush proposed 578 million more in tax cuts, much of it aimed at wealthier residents, surprise again. And again, a Senate cut the cut while getting more for schools. All this time critics and puned its question in the tax cuts, saying the state was putting itself at risk when the economic bubble burst, and Paul showed the majority would prefer excess money be spent on education, not on tax cuts. This wasn't surprising given that the miniscule amount most people got from the tax cuts anyway. But Bush's budgets reflected his core belief that the problem with schools is not so much of a lack of money, but a failure to demand results from the education bureaucracy. The economic bubble burst last year, but despite budget shortfalls, Bush pushed for another 313 million in tax cuts again, most of it aimed at wealthier residents. He asked for only a $531 million increase in education about half the previous years amount. Again, the Senate got him reduced the tax cut in boost school spending. By the end of 2001, with the recession worsened by the terrorist attack, Bush called a special session to cut $639 million from education, but that didn't stop him only a few months later from pushing through a corporate tax break that will amount to $420 million by 2004. His initial proposal for education this year's budget did little more than put back what it had been cut, even some house leaders bogged. Bush eventually boosted the amount to almost a billion dollars. In total, Bush's tax cuts will take it about $6 billion out of the budget in this first term. That money could have paid for universal pre-K and smaller classes in K to 3 where it does the most good. These may have headed off the class size referendum. The amount of cuts will take from the budget in future years may have well paid for most of the class size reduction measures on a ballot. Bush's education reform is look promising, but haven't had enough time to show concrete results. This lays Bill McBride free to blame our poor academic ranking on large classes, poorly paid teachers, and low per people spending all of our reflection of stingy funding. Meanwhile residents in central Florida have voted time and time again to spend more on schools, and local referendum's the governor is out of touch, which is why McBride has a chance. If Bush does win, he may well thank Senator Sitch's Tony Jennings for limiting the damage he's done to himself. Rights by Thomas and the Orlando Sentinel yesterday. How do you like them apples, huh? Our education governor. Mean spirited right wing, Fony Balloni, hypocritical, finger pointing, third burger. Woody Harrelson writes in the Guardian in the UK, you know what he hearlson? Yeah, I know. I'm an American type of American lies he writes. The man who drives me to and from work as named Woody too, has relieved to me as it minimizes the chances of my forgetting his name. I call him woodman. He calls me wood. He's very come my best friend here, even though he's upset that I have quit drinking beer. He's smart, funny, and there's nothing he hasn't seen in 33 years behind the wheel of his black cab. He drove me for a while before I felt confident he liked me. He doesn't like people easily, especially if they have a rat for busting up black cabs. Woodman and I agree about a lot of things, but one thing we can never agree about is a rat. He thinks the only language sought him understands his brute force. I don't believe we should be bombing cities in our quest for one man. We've killed a million Iraqis since the start of the Gulf War, mostly by blocking humanitarian aid. Let's stop now. Thankfully, most of the Brits I talked to about the war closer to me than to woodman, only your prime minister doesn't seem to have noticed. I've been here three months doing a play in the West and I'm having a time to time of my life. I love England, the people the parks the theater, the play is great and the audiences have been a dream, probably as you just relax, be happy and talk about the weather, but this war's under my skin it affects my sleep. I remember playing basketball with an Iraqi in the late 80s when Iran and Iraq were at war. I didn't know at the time that the US and Britain were supplying weapons to both sides. I asked whether they were always at war with each other and he said something that stayed with me. If we were up to the people there would be peace, it's the government that create war he said. And now my government is creating its second war in less than a year. No war requires two combatants so I should say it's second bombing campaign. I went to the White House when Harvey Weinstein was showing Clinton the movie welcome to Sarajevo, which I was in. I got a few moments alone with Clinton. Sodom throwing out the weapons inspectors was all over the news. I asked him what he was going to do. His answer was very revealing. He said, everybody's telling me to bomb him. All the military are saying he got a bomb him, but if even one innocent person died I couldn't bear it. And I look in his eyes and I believe them. Little that I know he was blocking humanitarian aid at the time allowing the deaths of thousands of innocent people. I'm a father and no matter propaganda can convince me that I have a minute and dead children as acceptable as collateral damage. The fact is that Sodom who was saying was our boy. The CIA helped him to power as they did the Shah of Iran and Nori, again in Markos in the Taliban and countless other brutal tyrants. The fact is that Bush Sr continued to supply nerve gas and technology to Sodom even after he used it on Iran and then the Kurds in Iraq. While the Anastine International Report listing countless Sodom atrocities including gasing and torture and Kurds was sitting on his desk, Bush Sr pushed away $2 billion agricultural loan, factory gave hundreds of millions of next-war credit to Sodom. The other Bush then had the audacity to quote the Anastine Reports to Garner Support for his oil war. A decade later, Shrup follows the same line. We have no quarrel with Iraqi people. I'm sure I have a minute Iraqi parents as scratching their heads over that. I'm an American tired of lies and with our government it's mostly lies. The history taught in our schools is scandalous. We grew up believing that Columbus actually discovered America. We still celebrate Columbus Day. Columbus was after only one thing. Gold. As the natives were shouring him with gifts and kindness he wrote in his diary, they do not bear arms. They have no iron. With 50 men we could subjectate them all and make them do whatever we want. Columbus is the perfect symbol of U.S. foreign policy to this day. This is a racist and imperialist war. The warmongers who stole the White House, you call them Hawks, but I would never despair at such a fine bird, have hijacked the nation's grief and turned into an in-way perpetual war on any non-white country they choose to describe as terrorist. To the men of Washington the world is just a giant monopoly board. Oddly enough Americans generally know how the government works, the politicians do everything they can for the people, the people who put them in power. The giant industries that are polluting our planet as well as violating human rights worldwide are the ones nearest and nearest to the hearts of Americans politicians. But in wartime people lose their senses. There were flags in yellow ribbons and posters near a media outlet as beating the wardrum and even sensible people can hear nothing else. In the U.S. got forbid you suggest that wars unjust or that dropping cluster bombs from 30,000 feet on the city is a cowardly act. When TV satirous billmaher made some of the senior march about the bombing of Afghanistan, Disney pulled a plug on him rightfully so, in a company that logs its freedom of speech awarded the St. Concosu your job. I ran into paper here about a woman who held out on the part of her taxes that would go into the war effort something like 17%. I like that idea though the U.S. would have to be more like 50%. If you consider money as a form of energy then we see half our taxes and half the U.S. government's energy focused on war and weapons of mass destruction. Over the past 30 years this amounts to more than ten trillion dollars. Imagine that money going to preserving rainforest or contributing to waste sustainable economy as opposed to the dinosaur tit were currently in the process of sucking dry. I give into woodman and we stop for a few beers he asked me what I do in bushy shoes. Easy at on her Kyoto during the World Court at stop subsidizing earth wrappers like Vansano do upon the next on. I shut down the nuclear power plants so I already have two billion dollars say from corporate welfare. I say another hundred billion by stopping the war on non-corporate drugs and I cut the defense budget and half so they have to get finally to a hundred billion a year. I've already saved half a trillion bucks by saying no to polluters and warmongers. Then I give back to under billion dollars to the taxpayers. I take the rest and pay the people teaching our children what they deserve. I put a hundred billion into alternative fuels and renewable energy. I revive the Tamergy movement which made the farmer in the root of the economy and make paper the fuel from wheat straw, rice, dry and hemp. Not only would I attend I'd sponsor the earth summit and of course I'd give myself a fat raise. Woodman dropped me home ask me if I asked if I like his ideas. He offers a reelect and yes. As he pulls away he yells out but I'd never vote for a man who can't handle a few pints at the end of the day. I'd like that. We thought he was just a dope smoking bunker. Well there you go. So even a dope smoking deduce bag is got more brains in some of our leaders. You know that's leaders like with a quote like a jib would say. 1126 at 5.60 W to Q AM. Sweetest Day is tomorrow. That's right. That's sweetest day. Sweetest day. Do something fun and talk. And surprise you sweetheart with a Vermont teddy bear. Today only the given a free heart-shaped box of chocolates with each order. Even though it's Friday there's still time to have a beard delivered for tomorrow. Call 1-800-829 bear or shop online at Vermont teddy bear.com. Choose from over 100 cute little bears delivered in a colorful gift box. With free chocolate and a card you can personalize. San Diego Vermont teddy bears the creative alternative flowers that she's going to love and hug and squeeze forever. Choose from bears like the lover boy bear. The gangsta of love or chocolate lover bear. Every Vermont teddy bear is handcrafted in Vermont and guaranteed for life. So call 1-800-829 bear or shop online at Vermont teddy bear.com. Don't forget overnight delivery is still guaranteed and you get you a free heart box of chocolates today. When you order be sure and tell them that all of the authority to call 1-800-829-B-E-A-R. My My My My And Love. This is sports video 5-60. You way too way yeah. The Dishupar. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Like Walden, now just tell the Marine Hillary! And if we don't do that, then we can never do that! We're in Los San Dan, Stimary, and every Malon can solve. I'm thinking you're really... Well, hell yes, I'm doing. I'm thinking you should devote all your time to it. You're all just enough. Well, stay home, you know. I'm talking, I'll take care of things. Take care of them, let's talk about. I'm a big deal, where I'm gonna... Oh, my fuck. This Hillary from our insol, is the devastating lie ever so. Your roots with your little goofy dog, But you never had those into your soul, James. You're lying running in an oil alley. With your belief in your eerie defense. Now, sir, you're a dope beating veteran like us. Hillary from our insolves. Actually, I'll... Hey, oh, why? Hillary! Hillary! I'm pretty good. Five, sixty, WCM. Four students have been taken hostage in Germany. So I've used to in Germany in high school. He just attended 16. And we got that bus bombing, Manila. Everybody thinks looking great, folks. Oh! Everything's looking up. Markets up a few points. Again, there you go. Speaking of Hillary, students protest Senator Clinton's decision to back Bush's war plans. About 75 anti war protest, who's angered by Hillary Wadham Clinton's decision to back President Bush's war plans in Iraq. Pick it in and rescue him by the Senator at the New School this past Monday night. Three new school students were ejected around 60 PM when they snuck into the back of the auditorium. We're Clinton was speaking began yelling protest slogans. You bitch! When a reporter tried to win a event, she was informed that no press would be allowed at the invite. He's request. Oh, well, excuse us. The sold out event was hosted by new school president, former Nebraska Senator Bob Kary, a spokesman for the new school said that while media are generally allowed to report on public addresses by elected officials. The request came from Clinton's office for the press not to be admitted. Sometimes events are open to the press, sometimes an accident and press secretary said on Tuesday. The ad hoc protest, which was announced on activist Alyssa's and on the website protest.net. If you're mostly in my U and U school students, but also other considered adults, I think it was a cowardly thing to do, said Ellen Davidson, and so he'd direct her of public agents for the new school, commenting on Clinton's decision to go along with the war. I think she was looking out more for her career than what her constituents wanted more saying tour at a Davidson. It was passing out homemade masks of Clinton with the words, Spindless, put it over her face. Excellent. And. Opponents of the war with the rag told Senator Jew Lieberman that the government was heading in the wrong direction during the former vice president's dental candidates visit to Daniel Webster college this week. Lieberman was one of 29 Democrats who voted for the war resolution, giving president Bush the authority to use military force against a racially to God damn Soddam Hussein. All but one Republican the Senate support. The National National Democratic City Committee hosted a coffee and muffin get together Tuesday morning at Daniel Webster's college student union. College campuses are typically friendly places for Democrats and a good humored Lieberman to share of picture signing and cracking jokes. While Lieberman's talk focused on bread and butter issues, people attending the session questioned him about foreign policy. Work critic Morton Goulder of Hollis told Lieberman the idea of starting war in the Middle East is foolish. Goulder is a former deputy assistant secretary defense and a president Nixon Ford and Carter. He helped found the defense industry company formally known as Sanders now. B.A.E. systems. Preemptive strikes against people you don't like as crazy he said. Goulder told Lieberman that Bush is a terrorist in the White House. Lies right in the associate professor at Revere College told Lieberman she was a fan of his. But said his vote in favor of the war resolution was disappointing. There is a very silent majority of people opposing the move move to war said right. Who registered as a Republican the support senator John McCain in the 2000 election. My prayer was the resolution of unity will lead to UN action. Let me read it again. My prayer is this resolution immunity will lead to UN election. We've been said at any later that nobody wants to go to war. Right. His prayer. The dissatisfaction is healthy. You said. Screw him. Turn burger baby. Turn burger. Oh you're like this. I enjoyed it by the way. It's going to vote at Treasure Island after I read this story. Okay. This will well. This will give you the courage. Coach Minnesota prosecutors charged 95 people with forgery. This Wednesday for a lead scheme of which they all registered to vote using the same address. A strip club recently shut down by city officials. Most of the alleged forgers forgers lived outside the town. The scheme to which the club's owner was also charged could have given club supporters a political Major in town of 163 people. The mayor and two council members are in contested races next month in coats. We're 79 voted in the 2000 general election 79 people voted in the election. It's shocking to see such a blatant attempt to undermine the most fundamental pillar of our democracy. Our right to vote Dakota County attorney James Baxter said. The relation of the former. Montreal Canadian Ralph Baxter. Club on a richy jacques in 32 of Prescott Wisconsin with charge with conspiracy to commit forgery. And conspiracy to commit our lawful voting for allegedly orchestrating the scheme. The other 94 were charged with forgery and conspiracy to commit forgery. All the charges are felonies needs to raise the maximum sentence of three years in prison. Baxter and city believed some of the defendants were employees at the club called jakes. But thought most were customers who might have been duped in the signing of registration cards. A federal judge or jakes closed last week for violating the city's law regulating sexually oriented businesses. Reach that the club jacques in decline to comment. Coses about 15 miles south of St. Paul. So why not just register and vote over their treasure island sounds good to me. I'll start it up Halloween. How's that pull coming on the policies and now that noon to one hour. Don't let me forget I got some more jingos and stuff on there. I want to play because I enjoy that New York thing and even if somebody out there didn't to bad. Got to mix it up a little bit. Okay. What all this depressing morbid things going on. Area hospitals in middle of put on cold blue alert. Do you want to say anything they have actual suspects to pinpoint. I'm just to how about where this explosion occurred. It had happened in a residential area. Was it in a downtown area? Can you give us the information on that? It was it was in a relatively fancy populated area in the kind of northernmost tip of Metro Manila. It you could expect a lot of people who would be on their way home from long day at work to have filled this spot. They would have been headed to kind of the more rural or suburban areas just outside of the city. Police say many casualties expected in the blast many. 22 till noon at 5. 60 WCUA and cast away seafood company knows their seafood. They sell them on serving you the freshest seafood available fresh fish that's never frozen. Castaways also features grilled certified angus beef burgers fill a menu on or how about a huge mouthwatering New York strip. Castaways has got great weekend special life fresh Florida stone crabs served as an appetizer or on tray if you like. Medium larger jumbo clonster with castaways must have saw starting at just 9.95 up. Join the castaways tailgate party at the hog fish bar. Our friend colors in NFL football specials too including all you can eat hot and spicy buffalo shrimp for only 7.95. You know buffalo that's like a suburb of LA while you're watching favorite teams. There's also live entertainment every Saturday night castaway seafood companies got a full bar. It's open seven days a weekend. It's located on the southwest corner of University driving Griffin Road in most prestigious. David. So if you're looking to cater your next office or home party can't always can do a great job of that as well. The castaway seafood company with seafood so fresh it'll slap you right on your ugly post. The local this is my 60th the reo though yours. QA. Why do you breast it? Well the palm is loaded with a mighty rush. The hell right off the pun. Every turn now will hit me got your all right here. You're everything's your skull. Have a bag on the run. Now let's back on the run. There on the land. Put a good sun. It's such a good reward. Or tell a bad on the run. Have a bag on the run. Have a bag on the run. Have a bag on the run. Have a bag on the run. Have a bag on the run. Have a bag on the run. Have a bag on the run. Have a bag on the run. Have a bag on the run. Have a bag on the run. Have a bag on the run. Have a bag on the run. Have a bag on the run. Have a bag on the run. Have a bag on the run. If you have a bag on the run, the the the the the the the I always help Nothing and he embellishes it makes up this whole story about the description of the van it was cream colored and I Are broken left take a life and then and then they're out there looking for this right Everything in this country is a joke. That's part of the problems You got wise guy assholes everything is a joke or or he's also looking for that rewards thing Yeah, but how are you gonna get the reward with made up story? Don't don't start asking laws it for quite come to find out. I think I was a scumbag. He was a deadbeat Yeah, you know those delie slicers that slice the ham. Yeah, you'll then absolutely little layer It's yeah just like just like they used to try to slice up Batman and rob it on Batman Never quite a work with them because there we've got something out of the utility belt probably this guy don't have a utility belt Just this grace, but you get to the point where you start to wonder and I realize there's six billion people plus on the face of the globe But you start to wonder can we find anybody or rest anybody anybody or can fit them if we forget about that Except those two little kids which think of the judge there said I don't think that whole thing was kosher But at any rate. I mean you got Osama your mama. You got Mola Omar. You got Elsa by hearing You got the the terror the sniper whatever the hell is name whatever he is you got whoever killed Sean You got whoever killed that Elizabeth smart little girl you got all these things I think we got Robert Blake and jail, so don't you feel safer now? Oh, yeah I'm starting to get on your side about that let him out. Okay, the bitch deserved it all right Christian Warner Right, that's right that good Christian Brando Wander said hey, but I watch it, but she's nuts In fact, if there's one thing that George always told me she said you don't have Robert Blake. He's a little a little a I like him, but somebody's gonna go out and kill some people right He did well. We don't know they did But anyway, I'm saying we caught him because he was like just slump me and from being stupid. That's right But in the meantime, we can't track down anybody requires tracking down We can't track down even when we think we got the killer there. We say oh, also and so is the suspect how about John Beney how we do with that We had those couple of stories a few days ago about this other what the hell's the guy's name some spik that they're You know interviewing and investigating he's in prison for some other crap Told didn't kill raped some rape raped it. I hear you were I raped it at Molen at the place to there. Is the rumor we're spreading around No, he raped a couple of girls in there and at the park Where shondra's body was found so another question me, but nobody's ever a suspect nobody ever gets convicted and it just goes on and Now if you're out there buying a nickel bag or something like it's the events house then you're gonna get 20 years then they're gonna nail your ass You're gonna get 20 years Because that's what it's all about this country our priorities are all totally screwed up Helen Thomas of all people a good old Helen Thomas rights and they see animal post intelligence or other's past Wednesday See a lot of this stuff I didn't get to you stick as we were doing all that oldy moldy stuff all the jingles which was great She writes the bitter battle between Republicans and Democrats to control Congress in next month's election is too close to call Political leaders are predicting victory for their own parties But independent experts simply shrug their shoulders when you ask them to forecast the outcome for instance Charlie Coco publishes the cookie port on politics Says that if the voters decide that the election is about the economy Then expect that Democrats to catch a break in the close raises November 5 But he adds a voters place of premium on supporting their commander and chief Then Republicans will likely catch the late breaks and when they disperportment sure of the closest races and President Bush war in terrorist worries haven't tied him down and Washington in the run up to the election He's off to more than 20 states in the next three weeks campaigning for Republicans in a marathon That'll keep him on the road for more than he'll be at home He has headlines 63 Republican fund raises so far and racked up $141 million for the party coffers together. He invites President Cheney a broad in more than 158 million far overshadowing the Democrats measly take of about 92 million Bush sees his politics English crucial because his poster John as ugly says the election now comes about as close as you can get with some races Razor thin Republicans not control the house by six votes and Democrats hold a Senate by one the GOP also commands the nation state houses with 27 governors to the Democrats 21 their two independence democratic national chairman Terri McColle says he thinks his party will pick up two to three Senate seats But he's not optimistic about capturing the house. He says that it would only be it would be tough But doable the call of our has exuberant about democratic chances in the governor turvace is saying we're headed Massachusetts Rhode Island Pennsylvania Illinois Michigan Arizona and Mexico Tennessee and Kansas and he predicts democratic challenge your bill McBride is gonna be governor Jeb Bush in Florida But no one doubts that James brother the president will be trying to ride to the rescue with another appearance in Florida Which we just had Jim Dake your public and party spokesman says the GOP thinks it has a real opportunity to regain the Senate And we've figured about our position in the house With many races so close he adds the Republicans are sending hundreds of volunteers around the country to join Dordid or grassroots efforts to get out the vote Ducks says the Republicans have a good chance to win Senate races and Missouri South Dakota Minnesota Georgia New Jersey no chance in New Jersey and it just he says we're working hard in North Carolina South Carolina Texas and Arkansas Republicans hope sword when Bush zoomed in like a laser beam In recent weeks to put the country on a war footing against Iraq He was following the script laid out last January when Carl Roe of his teeth political advisors and a memo to GOP operatives Telling them that they they would ultimately be playing the war card According to published reports Bush deliberately would held his frontal rhetorical assault on Iraq Sodom who's saying until closer to the election The New York Times quoted White House T-Festaf Card is saying for main marketing point of view You don't introduce new products in August The recent focus on Iraq is pushed all the other issues into the background including the weak economy The corporate misdeeds the shaky stock market the high cost and prescription drugs and their public in so book privatizing social security system But now that Congress is given Bush nearly all he wanted on his war with the reckless illusion The Democrats are trying once more to make the economic slow down the number one issue The call says that on his trips around the country is found people are worried about joblessness and a possible recession He notes that since Bush took office Two million people have lost their jobs and that even before the 911 terrorist catastrophe The president wiped out the budgets her plus indipped in the social security trust fund This is the worst economic slump since Herbert Hoover McCollough says Zagbe reported that two thirds of likely voters say they're worried about dwindling retirement funds in their 401k and Iro accounts That's why we're public in democratic candidates find themselves coping with the politics of disappointment he says According to Zagbe people not only disappointed in the economic malaise, but also in the disgrace of many priests and corporate CEOs The frustrating war on terrorism and the FBI and CIA dropping the ball on their intelligence departments It's all come home to rules to conclude I hope the Democrats at least retain control of the Senate Congress Iraq resolution gives Bush too much power in the company's a Senate that can provide some checks on his headlong dive into war His favor the rich economic policy and his campaign to put right-wing ideologues on the Supreme Court Otherwise we'll have an imperial presidency with nothing but a genuine flexing Congress and a me two Supreme Court rights old Helen Thomas Pretty good huh? How about that stuff Helen for all that? Murray McCrowy another one Rights in the Washington Post yesterday mistaken patriots Or she rips the Democrats an ass and deservedly so She says our Democrats making a major effort to be used voter turnout in the coming election or they just try to fight free of the traffic Diligently fashion for themselves on the subject of the war with Iraq By their conduct on the issue in recent congressional debate they seem eager to show there was no difference between them in the Republicans A strategy that guarantees voters will ask themselves when it comes to digging out of a on a cold November morning Why bother? By way of preparing for the election Democrats decided to get the war issue out of the way by overwhelmingly backing President Bush's desire to blow the bugle without the blessing of the win They ensured that the commander at chief will be at center stage the papers thrive with accounts of his minions moving troops and launching training exercises as if war had been declared She pushed Democrats continue to show the elector that when it comes to the Faithful business sending young Americans in a battle they are at one with the Republicans they turn aside the known skepticism of the uniform military They were undeterred by the newly initiated doctrine of preventive war which all previous presidents have rejected While they declared in their four speeches that they were uncertain of the danger posed by sata mousane their votes that they were mindful of the danger to themselves And then we're taking no chances Candidates around the country were on their own and trying to make judgments about the right thing to do the debate won't help them much The votes in both houses of Congress for the new Tonkin Gulf Resolution are still being studied for surprises and contradictions especially by liberals Who according to the post Thomas ets all our outrage by the absence of strong convictions in the part of their leaders Senate Democrats are quick to blame house democratically to dick hip art who has wrap around ambitions to be either present or house speaker They say a coalition of moderates from both parties who wanted you and approval of the use any use of force Fellow part when give heart emerged as Bush's chief lobbyist on the hill Republicans said they didn't want to be too delective give heart and the coalition collapsed The whole slated democratic presidential hopefuls line up for the president's right to make war unilaterally of all of them Senator John Kerry had a unique foreign policy perch Decorated war veteran who also came home and let a brilliant demonstration win the war He'd liberate sophisticated critique of the boxed hunt for or some have been laden But he joined the gang voting for the president such notable piece mixes Tom Hark and Chris dot and Tom Dashl Not to mention swallowing Clinton The majority leader hated to do it, but in the end he threw in the towel to show the world a country is unified on the issue The country is ambivalent on the one hand. It's all for a short sharp replay of Gulf War one That would be a relatively casually freaksu size a bringing a body bags. They recoil Pull show that the country would rather have the president protected from the wolf at the door Layoffs market collapses and the like then from the beast of Baghdad who might nuke us if he got the right stuff Ted Kennedy may daily speeches against going to war he and Robert C. Bird along your rivals did their best But Kennedy couldn't even convince his son in the house Patrick Kennedy of Rhode Island that he should give peace of chance Rhode Island did however off of the Senate's only Republican profile and courage link in chief He faithful to his father's legendary independence voted no The Democrats hope that would the or more issue settle they can drag that settle with like the quotes that Shabbosh with the Orish who settled they can drag voters attention back to the economy which can be criticized without fear of being called unpaid Triatic bush brushes them off. You know like my tax cuts. Okay. You want to rescind them No of course not that Democrats protest Polster Peter Hart thinks the economy doesn't need much rhetoric the ravages are all around and brought at home And people's reports about their 401k's and people can recall the Clinton boom to be reminded of how different things can be At the height of that debate House so whip Nancy Pelosi and Florida Democrats remember that while a show force and Iraq which early demonstrate US power Negotiation and diplomacy which are strength her colleagues were not listening Democrats know exactly how they feel about prescription drugs and the proposition social security But when it comes to warrant peace people dying and all of that they really have no comment They just salute the commander and chief and hope voters mistake them for patriots Right's Mary McGrory yesterday's washed and post nice gone Mary you go girl you go sweetheart Got a lot of phony votes on the poll today, but that's okay give it out of your sister I'll write got a big heavy duty weekend coming up a lot of pressure a lot of stress Got some big ball games coming up 430 votes on their which politician other than El president of course which politician you despise the most Hillary Clinton Jeff Bush 73, well he's gonna really good showing Jewelie ribbon 57 Katherine Harris that bitch 55 John ascroft 37 10 Kennedy 33 Jesse Helms 26 time delay 15 as in seven second Trent Lot 9 decarmy seven strumming of a seven and orange snatch is still sucking windman still only got four You know it's my luck it's just just like that anthrax drop from rumskill Just during at the we go into the break and I flip out of the audio one on CNN just to see because it's just breaking news You know and want to see what a grotesque event has taken place now because we had the bomb on a bus of vanilla Killed a bunch of people we have the kids taking hostage in southeast Germany in high school and then here's this Dark complexed I can't think of what his name is Leon See on something anyway he comes on to give us the breaking news the news story is that Minnesota twins out for a former outfield even plenty more does he now Kirby Puckett Was arrested for assaulting someone in a restaurant assaulting battery whatever Kirby Puckett when he didn't say Puckett he said Exactly what you think where it'd be that well the war now on WQ So just a puppy Home a pitfall in a pinch of skull Eason bigger good morning Kill him that you're sorry for it's labor alone Yes, and bigger good morning And that's where everybody who is dead at all Come some people If I was born in 1802 Oh, it's lazy something I do But what we're dead people dead to you I have to take the flying We can see it all for an old maniac With the can of spalli cherry in fact Instead of 40 acres and the view I have a better way You've got to One Come on to a five sixty WQM the beast is here right on time and for his big way in Sweetly way in a better be a good number this week let's see we got two twenty eight and a half last week What are you shaking your head about it's gonna be bad? You know something he looks like he plays for the red socks. You know and you have a red socks cap on that you just took off for now You look like you should play for the red socks like a tub, you know, I know yeah, there you go hop on that you think it's gonna be bad The man started at 284 pounds exhale exhale real long Yeah, when it dialed it out see no one is not a good time because have any eaten today already This is 21 Well, it's still a right direction to 20 but I had all my blood work on this week yeah No, I can't be right 137s too low No, it's too low you're you're you're dead your dead man There's no such number is 137 under under 140 means you're like on the verge of death Okay bring me the paper okay. I love to see what kind of lab the they say your blood look look you can see his neck You can see his neck now. He's got that big bright bald spot autographed by Mo So lovely It's a in fact he wrote thanks for being so unprofessional get out of here. Mo something like that So another pot. I'll write it a little later on Now I got and we got the let's see the woman may have bitten or husband that did you see that story? No, no, didn't that continental fire that pilot for drinking And we got a whole bunch of this stuff, but I want to like because yesterday today We try to get some of these oldies and old one radio used to be great stuff on here and I don't think this is doing anything right now I'm hitting it but again I'm at the mercy of whatever this thing decides to do or not is the case may be and these these are things from like all over the country If it ever decides to fire Which I have a thing it's not gonna do just it there and look look at what wait, it's not doing anything The little hour it a lot the little huh adventure the little hour glass was on here. It's a What about no You You You You You You You You You You You You You Only runs for like 32 minutes so we let it go. I'm enjoyed it 10 after noon at 5. 60 we got a lot of important stuff here including this fact It just came in it says ray or in snatch. Oh, there's moosey man's But we might get remind you that Is inclusive see inconfuze if they don't know nothing They don't know crap they don't know squat they thought they knew something and it turned out this guy made a monkey out of them Oh, shouldn't say that earlier this morning Down in silver spring But now what do you call it? Subbers ring are called and a lot of police activity a white van two males in camos did one into the woods Half a response and some of our resources deployed there Certainly was determined that these were bow hunters The call was clear Sir, I can't stay and I can't take it because it's not funny because a lot of innocent people are getting shot and killed But this guy and this is a crowd man and they were bull and they went into the woods Ooh Pretty suspicious to me anyway the facts is the ray or in snatch the rumors been persistent for years that does right wing more Listed smartly homophobic you Tom woman Republican piece of garbage is a deep in a closet bondage queen And it says my vote goes for snatch. Thank you. Donn and Albany We're talking about Albany yesterday. You know WPTR Good old days Albany. It's at a Suburb of Buffalo As we're going to tell you get y'all be a map. Would you please Straighten his ass out why is that a lot of pressure you know he's working with Mo And it's tongue is about way to fall off is what I'm hearing love and pass noon at five 60 WQ a I'm hey if you're a bodies of our way to fall off the edge of that mattress because it's warped and lumpy and bumpy just And what it used to be because they don't last forever get yourself a great new mattress the intelligence in way by calling You know if by now you just sit around thinking about it do it call dial a mattress 1 800 mattress MATT RES the give you so much more than just great service and I should know because I've used them for years Just called a toll free number talk to somebody who we know is betting inside and out and they'll let you choose Whatever kind of mattress you like extra fur extra light extra Whatever and they got the top brands in a world like that sort of silly Simmons King coil and to give it that amazing delivery service Where they delivered your home when it's convenient for you any day the week seven days week in a two hour window That you choose okay like between noon and two one and three at set right and they give you that 30 day-in-home comfort guarantee To check it out for up to a month to make sure it's the right mattress for you and your back and what you need So call them right now and time for the weekend you can be sleeping in real comfort call 1 800 mattress 1 800 MATT RES and tell them that old meal turning to call or check them out of the web if you're like at mattress.com Yo, let's read old video big shot Oh, yes, now we've asked the time away in the geo jail Hello, yo is OJ there this is the juice No, this is okay. Oh, hey, oh, Jay. This is random. Oh, random us Why receiver from the Minnesota Viking. Oh, I'm sorry, man I have no idea who you are Hang on a second on now. It's one gram per mile Okay, now who's this? Randy Moss Minnesota Vikings from the NFL Look, man, I haven't really paid no attention to all the expansion teams as I left Lee What can I do for you? I'm in trouble, OJ and I need your legal advice Hang on a second AC I'll bring me that sandwich and then help on now Okay, Ricky go ahead Randy and I'm in trouble, OJ Yeah, I know all about trouble help me OJ. I don't go looking for trouble trouble comes looking for me. What happened? Tell me. Well, I was my mom business driving my jeera In this woman cop got in front of me. I tried not to hit her and then they found weed in my car You need to get a hole a Johnny cockman that man saved my ass You'll keep you from doing time for not getting off that lady car not getting off I didn't kill her. I just dumped her with my car. It was this man you need to kill that woman You can't let them live man you ain't got no problems try killing a woman then you got problems I got to go He got going up busy things to this weekend kill some people right 12 17 at 5 60 W to QM here's the fact that this did you know or do you know? Obviously I do Jack Carney did mornings on KMwex in the 70s in San Luis Did we ever wind up put in KMwex on there because I don't know if they played the top 40 music or not Because all I remember for as long as I can know news and sports and sports and more sports I came a wax. I don't know nobody told us so didn't get on there yesterday I don't think I know I'm gonna be able to get this thing going again or if I do maybe it'll go back to the start Should I try it there it? Oh Oh, then that damn thing comes up again. I'm afraid it's gonna go back to the beginning if I click this and I should I'm very afraid I'll tell you that right now. Ah, yeah, it's gonna go back to the beginning so screw it But it was okay. It was an ice sample from there Don't you think I Like to well I'm not playing anymore. Well, because I don't know how to get back in the middle of that that rate if there real radio player Just be glad I was able to get it in here. Okay. I had a pay for that It's not free you know. Oh, I didn't know you have to pay for that. Damn why don't pay for it In fact Carlos probably could have gotten in there for free, but you know he's busy I don't know what he's doing Looking ugly Nicholas Christoff writes in the days New York Times bait and switch is the headline He says listen to the American Hawks after a few glasses of wine and you might be seduced in the thinking that after overthrowing Saddam Hussein We're gonna turn Iraq into a flourishing democracy this written enough for more he is right now, which is in Kuwait He says by the afraid it's a pipe dream a marketing toy to sell a war We can't and we can't haven't even been able to nurture full democracy and modern bustling Kuwait We're women still cannot vote or in Saudi Arabia which is more egalitarian either men or women can vote I had a nice insight into the limits of democracy in Kuwait the of the night when I was at the palatial home Come to think of it the reason it was police was that it was a palace of a top Kuwaiti a Self-on-ranging my host being dead inform me of the rest of Muhammad al-Malafi a young government official had been quoted in New York Times few days earlier as gushing sympathetically about two terrorists who had an American marine to death and wounded another I asked the sheek I'm trying to protect my source unfortunately there are no sheeks and palaces in Kuwait that I still am what the charges were against mr. Malafi Speaking to openly to an American journalist Insolving the great father across the sea the arrest on the score the risk of expressing a dissident view publicly at a time on Kuwait Was shocked and embarrassed by the killing of the marine the episode as they reminded There while Kuwait is one of the freest countries in the Gulf region with a lively press to dare school even members of the ruling sub-Aqlan It is also a family-run venture that falls well short of being a full-fledged democracy In the immediate aftermath of the Gulf war the first Bush administration leaned on the sub-Az and the result was a right restoration of a Parliament that the Emir had dissolved in 1986 the Parliament has since grown more important with members Periodically trying to do their best to embarrass cabinet members in the finest tradition of democratic rule But the US soon lost interest in prodding these sub-Afamily and so eleven years after the Gulf war progress has been modest even in peaceful sandbox size Kuwait Then there's Iraq a central challenges that democracy would effectively take power from the 16% Sunni Muslim minority That's always run Iraq and handed to the 60% Shiite population this transfer could be very bloody You can't expect to have a real democracy in Iraq such as we're dreaming of nodes Abdullah Sahari political scientists take away university building an democracy in Kuwait is very easy He says compared with doing the same in Iraq perhaps it's a bit off for the not entirely democratic Coaties to scoff at prospects for democracy in the neighborhood most do so Even if we could find an Iraqi version of Hamid Karzai no no Ahmed halabi don't leave yet London yet and even if Iraq were ready for democracy There would be another huge obstacle the neighbors There will not be a democracy in Iraq not a real democracy said Mohammed al-Jazim editor of the newspaper al-Batan and Kuwait That would mean allowing a Shiite state American the Gulf countries cannot afford that The rise of a Shiite state in Iraq could strengthen Iran and lead to clashes with Shiite minorities in Kuwait Saudi Arabian other countries He warned actually it seems to me that the risk of democracy are smaller than the risk of military rule But that may be academic because our odds are that the neighboring governments would do their best to block popular rule from ever emerging in Iraq Kuwaiti rule assumed to think based on assurances from US officials that Shiite domination is potentially so destabilizing that the democracy is not even an option for Iraq As Kuwait sees it the possibilities range from a Tommy Frank's vice-worldly to the installation of a Sunni Hashemite king Some relative of Jordan's king Abdul the second Jordan already seems to be quietly lobbying for the outcome democracy is just not in the cards There one Kuwaiti official said of course even a nice tyrant Sodom light would be a huge improvement for the Iraqis But I'm afraid that the battle about creating a democratic model on the Tigris is just a shrewd white house marketing attempt to bait and switch Right's Nick Christoff It's good thing that the Leon Harris there on CNN didn't get to that Shiite partners story Kirby Puckett say it with the Leon Kirby Puckett come on say it you can do it. I mean one of the odds of my I don't listen to the audio very rarely except during a break If you'd like there's something made if they had that hysterical breaking news logo on there and he said Kirby Some of that rhymes with Puckett Count Neville first pilot for drinking to probably said the same thing at Leon Harris at Ip Puckett he probably said that Continent airlines yesterday said it fired that pilot was accused of reporting to work drunk the 15 year veteran Tested positive for alcohol and was dismissed at Jeff A. Wolf a spokesman for the Houston based carrier the pilot was not an identified publicly He had been scheduled a fly flight 1086 Tuesday from Bush International Intercontinental airport and used in to Orlando He boarded the Boeing 737 loaded with 150 war passengers and had a confrontational conversation with an air marshal aboard the plan said John Crabes a federal aviation administration spokesman and Dallas the air marshal notified continental and airline officials removed the crew Which was coming off in 18 hour rest with another crew the flight took off 30 minutes late the FAA's Investigation is continuing, but the pilot has been dismissed audio rebidarch here's that story. We're so excited about Woman may have bitten husband to death a California woman who allegedly flew into a rage in bitter husband repeatedly after refused to have sex with his been held on charges That police say may eventually include murder Modesto police said that Kelly Pratt 45 attacked her 65 year old husband Arthur on October 7 holding him down and biting him some 20 times after a dispute over sex Most of the bites were confined to his arm and his abdomen and a few were very deep with major Tissue damage said sergeant Alcarta of the Modesto police told a TV news reporter yesterday The Modesto B news paper reported that Arthur Pratt who skin was covered with more than 20 deep tooth marks Died son at a local hospital at the forensic forensic pathology believe the bites are likely to cause a death The husband was able to dial 911 that night card and told a newspaper We have a taper recording him screaming while she was biting him when officers arrived He was screaming that he'd been assaulted. She fought with the officers and tried to bite them to Arthur Pratt had a history of medical problems including diabetes heart and circulation problems and official ruling on the possible homicide charges Waiting toxicology test was good to determine whether the bites caused an infarction infection that proved fatal to be said in Farction infection and functions are heart attack Get with it Carter said police were already persuaded that his death was resout a big bitten I've seen cases where dogs have bitten kids and blood or loss of infect or infection and led the death card I've never heard of any one being bitten to death by a human before Kelly Pratt is currently being held in the list of about 90 miles east to San Francisco I'm charges of elder abuse domestic violence and assault on a police officer murdered by biting Got a lot of people around here with biting comments. I bet he regrets not having sex with her Turn it around You know something maybe he figures it was worth it Maybe he'd rather go on kill some people than have sex with that bitch 26 past noon at five sixty wqm we all have different lifestyles Therefore we need different products to help us so with our health help us stay alive Only a Mediterranean formulas or advanced combinations of pharmaceutical great olive will combined with good stuff You'll find vitamins if what you won't find about their in their vitamins minerals or both all kinds of other nutrients scientifically Designed provide natural nutrition solutions to help you support specific health needs Look for only a meds three great new formulas. There's one for help you sleep one to help you with your weight management And then this coincime Q 10 coq 10 I'll use the benefits of pharmaceutical great olive oil All you mad's an exciting new product more and more people are popping it every day picks them up at publics records or wall greens for more info called our tool free number one eight six six Ollium Ed that's one eight six six six five three sixty six thirty three and don't forget you can also order their products online If you like it, only a medical dot com visit your newest publics and purchase an oleoman product in data-brower And you can receive you a coupon for a free Larry Coker bottle head doll All right, well supplies last don't forget to visit their sampling pivot in its fourth center We send it with an offensive plan home and pick up some free oleoman samples and product information Start popping some today Why in local your sports video five six in two a two a Friday you best Oh Sorry You What you you And Jim Nammer, who is smart, does they lack? Are you having a shoes under leethers? Of the way you wash and park the whiteies cars? Jogid Jr. said he trust you, God believe you. To tell our allies of the greedy oil-owl, But then he make you clean all the whiteies basloin. The couple sings the toilet and then scrub the floor. They tell you, don't wear sandals, God believe you. Jogid Jr. said he wants to be the one who's rich and beautiful. You're not being naked, but you slide it and feel cold. If you'll be what you'd be that don't be stupid. Yes, when they while you be fit in fact, it's maybe that. That's the dream you just like your ester-roll. That's when your head will move from side to side. From the leethers. It's a push and from it. They be crack or asshole. Well, pretty soon, 5, 6, and you can't even mad dog come out of it one. Wait till you're this, this is a very cute fact. It says, hi, Neil. Did you happen to see the Miami-Hirls election recommendations for the United States, Browett Section, page 8? Did they really endorse Senator Mandy Dawson? Isn't she the one busted for a 40 year prescription? Isn't she the one that held once the article that she lied about her degree? And that she was officially schooled for not showing up for important votes in the Senate? I believe her record says she has only shown up for 20% of the sessions. I also believe she was once arrested for 14 bad checks. You know what stuff like this that gives our Democratic Party a bad name? Sincerely, Miriam Olafan. Alright. Good one. I think I can get this thing to play. And I think I'm not sure. I'm not positive. Oh, what's the Carlos got there? What is that? That's laser. I mean, laser. He looks at when he opened the item. The replacement card. I didn't look a second time when it opened the door from the side. And then I saw the facial here. Didn't he look like Carlos with facial here? Well, not quite as ugly as he does. Oh, that's our thing. That's our cartridge. Well, thank you very much. And this, thank you. Appreciate it. That's from give another plug. They're laser. MD and Ken Hollywood. Thank you Jose. And that is name Jose. It is Jose. Looks like Carlos when he first opened the door. You don't think so? Nope. Adam speaks all of the same. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. I am. This is not the same thing. I am. Did it again? You see, if you pause it, you see how that's all screwed up. I'm not sure if you can pause it. It just, I don't know. I don't want to play right. I'm sure that if it was Carlos, he'd come right in here and said, Oh, here. Let me show you how to do it. No thanks, Carlos. Stay away from me. No, you have. I am. In our play. Family. Family. Family. Family. Family. Family. Family. Family. Family. Family. Family. Family. Family. Family. Family. We're so happy with some of the guys at the Valley Board, every hospital in the middle of Elf, you're able to hospital. All week long, the boss jokes are doing this. We hope you enjoy it. I share some of that, so we're love. It's 91 degrees, huh? I'll stay for a cast. Some of you hot again tomorrow, another high of 95. Here's the number one record. Thank you. And all are music. I can sing. For you. Thank you. Hi. In the WMML prize, the problem is that you're a Jim O'Brien. And our system promotion director, five full time situations, but one of the only topers who watch more, they might have some prizes towards you. No, would you have my L, come with L, here. 9,000, 9,000. Yeah. You can go to the car and get my love, my name's Gernaby. Grimmy. For a color of 05, 26, 389, I never get to chance the wind and share This one only goes up for 50 of this one. Yeah. You ready? I found Nancy. Hey, there's a scenario. I took her on a 40, I'd rather go to the other side. This one is really good. We come to hers. Back in Katie Kissoon. She's a turbo-chinch. She's a turbo-chinch. Let's go. Hey, baby. God, what are you all about? Where is one from? Charlie's Walkboard. It's up to the whole pile. What is one pencil set to be other one? What pencil set? What pencil set? Why don't we land? H-O-N-E. How about the beach tonight? Yeah. Okay. I call her Calhoun and Cliffion. A nice place to get in. Definitely. We're safe. Yeah. But what I hate for WSG, I tell the James, but this whole pantser, I took kind of combat up to Big toe with company, isn't it? Try it a lot. That's a goal. One. Come on, one. One, two, three. Two, three. All in, man. Hold the heart of City. You're 12. I'm a pretty star of our life. All the highway here, man. Hold that. All the highway here, man. Hold that. This is a flag now. It's pretty nice. You're going to go. Hey, all the way. Don't sit in. Joseph Gacky. Big good on that station. K-O-M-A. I'm just going to take care of you right away. Got to cure all your nails. A 1231 with Jay Robert Dump. Oh, come on. I'm going to take care of all the cities only. Hold all the stuff where to change your. At their new location, length and north runway. Are you kidding? My car's so limited, battered on. I've got to let you be, mission key. Jay Robert Dump with James Taylor. They would change, got to hear me on that. James Robert Dump. That's not my strategy, guys. Where? Where? Where? Where? My name is from the life of the North Carolina. Hi. This is Mary Dixon. Wow. I'm the way to do this, darling. About $100, $76. $14. I can't wait. I can't wait. I can't wait. I can't wait. I can't wait. I can't wait. I can't wait. It's got the U-A-C-T. There we go. The real thing is that since the ribball, you give me a call. You're going to give me a call. You're going to give me all for six pack of records. We're doing that suit. W-A-C-T. With Lairy Dixon, nine. 70-K-U-S-M-R-M-K. W-A-C-U-A-C-T. W-A-C-U-A-C-T. W-A-C-U-A-C-T. W-A-C-U-A-C-T. W-A-C-U-A-C-T. W-A-C-U-A-C-T. W-A-C-U-A-C-T. W-A-C-U-A-C-T. W-A-C-U-A-C-T. W-A-C-U-A-C-T. W-A-C-U-A-C-T. W-A-C-U-A-C-T. W-A-C-U-A-C-T. W-A-C-T. W-A-C-U-A-C-T. W-A-C-U-A-C-T. W-A-C-U-A-C-T. W-A-C-U-A-C-T. W-A-C-U-A-C-T. W-A-C-U-A-C-T. W-A-C-U-A-C-T. W-A-C-U-A-C-T. W-A-C-U-A-C-T. W-A-C-U-A-C-T. W-A-C-U-A-C-T. W-A-C-U-A-C-T. W-A-C-U-A-C-U-A-C-T. W-A-C-U-A-C-U-A-C-T. W-A-C-U-A-C-U-A-C-T. W-A-C-U-A-C-T. W-A-C-T. W-A-C-T. W-A-C-T. W-A-C-T. W-A-C-T. W-A-C-T. W-A-C-T. W-A-C-T. W-A-C-T. W-A-C-T. W-A-C-T. W-A-C-T. W-A-C-T. W-A-C-T. W-A-C-T. W-A-C-T. W-A-C-T. W-A-C-T. W-A-C-T. W-A-C-T. W-A-C-T. W-A-C-T. W-A-C-T. W-A-C-T. W-A-C-T. W-A-C-T. W-A-C-T. W-A-C-T. W-A-C-T. W-A-C-T. W-A-C-T. W-A-C-T. W-A-C-T. W-A-C-T. W-A-C-T. W-A-C-T. W-A-C-T. W-A-C-T. W-A-C-T. W-A-C-T. I have the envelope please. Thank you. Let's see it says. Join the Marci against Congress and your tax recap reviews and for me, for millions. I 16, 16, 16, 16, 16, Santa Monica, Canada, for me off. What do you think, this is rare and I want Santa Frank. 37, I think. But let's get on now to that nitty-critty, and look at him real. Possible in grips. Let me free. It's turned to Joe White. Oh, about an ant. Here up. Yes, the catering's ready. That's 20 Joe White is 40, I'm Robert O'Hall<|nn|>, and I'm going to get a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of some of that might be not that's because it's that good. Okay, it's a little bit of little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of... Yeah. It was quite, very, very successful. So I think maybe it was really much. Well, I like that thing in the past times. They used to get a little bit more and more stuff, and there's a lot of stuff. That was Now yesterday. Yes I liked taking here this part, anyway. So I did bring it because you made it very little bit better and we just arrived and did now. Exclud غ go behind the bed. I didn't see that the room and it was a lot of little stuff like this. a good month in there. You know what I mean? I don't want to mention a names, but there's some people who's just haven't thrown anything in there. Pretty big. Yeah, we'll see. We'll also get the hour by hour breakdown, right? Not on Monday. No, no, not on Monday, but we're right. A little build up this suspense. Tuesday, Wednesday. We can like kill at least three fives of the week next week with number. We need to know the 9 to 1 from August instead of the 10 to 3. So I can squeeze another point. Oh, no, no, no, start playing that again. Are you suggesting you had like fractions in, uh, yeah, that's a good point. Could that? He could add like mind is numbers. So my new stupid is there still anybody out there who's still not plunging with VIP sportsbook.com. I can't even begin to imagine what you're waiting on. You're missing out on a really great sportsbook. The best one going. Everybody in their brother claims to be the best sportsbook in the world, but you're better be cautious before you hand over your money to some sportsbook in a third world place like Georgia. Let me help you out VIP sportsbook.com is the only book to be unanimously endorsed by all each and every one of the industry watch dogs. They're Dutch face one of the first online sportsbooks ever. So if you go on a roll for lifetime, you want to be with the best sportsbook going and that is VIP sportsbook.com. And with the football season going really, really big, you want to be hooked up with these people. Open an account online, get you a 15 present cash sign up bonus and don't forget they've got the highest probably odds you're going to find just about anywhere up to 2001. So get over to VIP sportsbook.com and punch to your heart's content at VIP sportsbook.com and come to a free at 866 VIP bets. That's one 866 VIP bets or better you have to save that 15% to that bonus. Go to VIP sportsbook.com online and don't forget this is be the place where you are the VIP. Just like your fat fat choded ladies have to invite you seats on a plane. Spilling your finger that up yellow stain from T-Jose and see your toes. After your piggy poo nose, you have to be fat disgusting and tasty. You make the show a bit win this mile. I like a girl who's mad at dancing. Think smelly, bad story pulls you with smile. Your body cheese smells like a crab bird. After it was occupied by head, as their data she wanted to get into your car. The circuit got him wild. On a can squeal, on a can squeal, on a can squeal fat baby. This is with your numberless team. Slyber in and start to retrieve between her feet. Spilling her feet. Spilling her feet. Spilling her feet. She's got 47.560 WQMD Wackers around a pool again. We got 497 votes already. No. But anyway, they're having fun. Which politician do you despise the most? Hillary Clinton 121. 121 sounds like fun. Jeff Bush 89. Catherine Harris 67. Remember they were like last step, he pulled away. Pulled away in the stretch. Julie Roman 62. John Ascroff 43. Ted Kennedy 34. Jesse Hums 32. Tom Delay 17. Trent Laude 11. Strum Thurman 9. Dick Army 7. And orange snatch a nice even five. Can you see orange snatch dressed up in drag? If it was good enough for gay Edgar Hoover by another one, snatch. Do they have temple ones right? In fact, he's already got the magic underwear going underneath there. Underneath his dress. This is depressing. Okay, right at the end of the show. Somebody passes me this. The arts dicey has been done is currently facing 450 legal actions as a result of clerical child sex abuse allegations. The RTE program prime time reported last night. A leading cannon lawyer, father Tom Dorel, was expressed disquiet. With the way cases have been handled within the arts dicey. This is in Ireland, Dublin. I guess they're Dublin, they're pleasure. He told the program that for one tonologies gathered about handling a percol child sex abuse in Dublin. He believed there was something radically radically wrong. That's what he said radically radically wrong. Father Dorel is investigated many cases in Britain, Australia, New Zealand, and Canada. If he checked out Harold Ballard and made believe gardens. He made his comments on the Dublin cases at the beginning of a prime time special program last night, which reviewed how the cases have been dealt with a detailed account of cases of abuse by eight priests, of which at least six fishers became aware, but did do not. See one thing about the catholic church, they may not be good at least their consistent. Here are some of the best those we've had in years, which you're probably already aware of. When I saw this, I just about jumped with Glee. Who's he? Do you get in can? Is the eletian sentence? Oh, I heard about this. How? How? Hallelujah. Dell computer said it's blonde here at Surfer Dude, pitch man, Steven, played by actor Ben Curtis, one of the most annoying people in the history of the human race, will be taking a break despite helping to increase sales for the company since the campaign went on air two years ago. Dell has already started aiming less dude centric ads at feature group of bigger interns, one of whom don't look too bad to me, by the way, the company refused to say whether Steven is just taking a breather, whether the campaign is a goner. Get lost, Steven. This doesn't mean the end of Dell's association with the Steven character, Dell spokesman Bob Kaufman said, we're just trying new things looking at alternatives. Kaufman said, Steven adds, they're still wearing around the country. Let's just hope and pray that we don't have to see in him. Whether or not they'll run along into the future, I can't say right now he said, not so good news for so many of the fans of the dude ads, which has developed a strong cult following NBC said in our lives, booth the character, his admirers posted Ben Curtis trivian websites and bulletin boards buzzed anytime Dell released a new commercial featuring the late back spokesman. Oh my god, when you wanted a why? Why? Because he was on television dummy. Oh, to the. Curtis 21 was a struggling drama student from New York when he beat out more than a hundred others for the chance to be in the Dell commercial. In the spots he plays a goofball. I don't think he has to act too much, who ranks friends and family to buy Dell computers. That a view ad was when a Curtis's favorites. And it's Steven talks into camera and tells his dad why he should buy him a Dell, stressing loads of free accessories and his dad's look for a bargain. Another commercial commercial Steven persuaded friends, parents to buy their kids Dell, closing with that catchphrase, dude you're getting a Dell. Uh, god, Curtis took the public at a race in stride during interview with the St. Pete Times in January, seeing five with the idea of the retirement campaign. This is made me more humble in a way told in his paper, I'm more aware of not letting it go to my head. Sometimes we nice to be just a major theater, a theater major, but this is an awesome opportunity. I work as hard as I can if it works great. And if they're done using me, they'll stop and we'll move on. Move on, Steven. Don't take it personal, okay. But move on. And at the beginning it was, we're okay, you know, the first 10,000 time. It's like anything else just a little bit of oversaturation. The main or still a little bit too much sweet heart. You know something, I'm starting to feel that excitement from Monday already. So it's only the end of the show on Friday and I'm already starting to feel that excitement. Man, it is going to be so in fact, when those numbers come out on Monday, some of the people work here are going to want to go out right on here on Ivory Road and Wilson people wouldn't surprise me. My, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, this is Fortraeal, V60. Oh, yeah. Have a penis, I've never had one, I swear. Good. Me, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, bro. Holy proudly the masses need to grow. Good. Me, he, he, he, he, he, bro. Bowling, bow the right wings, whoa, shine in the shoes of white man, Bush! Bowling, howl is the mercy, growls? Spread his cheeks to his his torch! Oh, Bowling, howl is the mercy, growls? Stepping his pitch in the whim of his white man, so, with howl is the mercy, growls? Take the student eat of the globalist records! Bowling, howl is the mercy, growls? And of the top top sub-surveyor, growls? Bowling, howl is the mercy, growls? A pristine black snake who flips his feet! Bowling, howl is the mercy, growls? Bowling, howl is the mercy, growls? Bowling, howl is the mercy, growls? 12. 15. 5. 60. WQAM. That's always just a thing. That's why I'm very careful of the stuff on the ending of those. Because he's a really sick man. Hey, by the way, Lynn Samel's new video shows starts tomorrow, every Saturday. 10am to 1pm on the internet, www.ylandtalk540.com. You follow me, Matt? Why do you? I mean, she's on some station in, I guess, on the island long island. But I don't know, isn't it? I guess. It's 540 on the island. I mean, this isn't just an internet, sure I don't think this is a thing. There's a way to go.