Hello, I'm Jane. This is how fluid is owned. Personalization. Personalization. Personalization. Hello, I'm a little bit tired. This is better than Jimmy and Danny. Oh, where's the baby gravy line? He has him on queer street right now. I'm a little bit tired. I'm a little bit tired. I'm a little bit tired. I'm a little bit tired. I'm a little bit tired. I'm a little bit tired. I'm a little bit tired. I'm a little bit tired. I'm a little bit tired. I'm a little bit tired. I'm a little bit tired. I'm a little bit tired. I'm a little bit tired. I'm a little bit tired. All right I'm a little bit tired. I'm a little bit tired. Do you have any questions about me who was the sodaitch Director? Someone suggested you a pleasure. Who did you think you were? What's your plan? What's your plan? What's your plan? How's it going, eh? I know two at five sixties that overhead like turn completely down or something this morning boy, we have some technical high jinks in this place every day. It's like a new experiment and the audience is used to that, they kind of enjoy it. Hi, jinx. You know what I was nicknick? He does no Chris. That's what I was nicknickin. Maybe that's the problem here. Now there's sniper shooter this morning. Although, you know, they're not positive. It was this sniper, but you can be pretty damn sure. Police in Montgomery County, Maryland, were investigating the shooting of a 40 year old man this morning. It's too early to say for sure whether it was going to be a sniper attacks that have left nine dead and three wounded in the Washington area. The victim was shot on the chest. He was standing on the top step of a bus at a bus stop at the police said the shooting was reported 5.56 this morning in the Aspen Hill neighborhood of Silver Spring. In area close to the scenes of several of the previous sniper attacks, it wasn't clear whether the man was getting on or off the bus when he was shot. He was on the top step as all they know. A commuter bus have been pulled over and some roads are being blocked. Police in cars and helicopters converged on the scene, which is close to a wooded area. Authorities took the victim to a trauma center. We've been treated 40 year old man. It's all we know. And of course, it's all it's all sniper all day to understand that. When I called the CNN to let them know that it's all sniper all day. But with Moosean charge of this, I think another one, another two three years we ought to get this all nailed down. I mean, that business yesterday with those two beeners that was beyond embarrassing, really beyond embarrassing. Like we really believe that this guy is clever enough not to get caught all this time. And he's going to give them a phone number of a phone booth to go to and meet them there at a given time. And they're all waiting in the lurch. You know, they're all gathered around. And they converge on a phone booth because there's a white vehicle there on many van. And it's two beeners to undocumented aliens who are making calls answering why dad's in the newspaper looking for day work. And now they're going to be deported. So it goes to show it wasn't a total loss. Right. That's what George said. Little bit of old was a little bit of old. He was a little bit of old. He had just a little bit of overkill, but the hey, it was a white vehicle. Had nothing to do absolutely nothing to do with a sniper with the shootings with anything. He's not going to give them a phone booth to dig in. They can get the location of the phone booth in 30 seconds. He can't be that stupid. You know what I'm saying? Maybe his problem is good for Chris. Yeah, that's true. Yeah, I'm going to tell you seriously, Mo and I got plenty to say about you. Plenty. I mean, lots. But first of all, as far as this business about how the show sounds, I want to tell you this. This man has taken that morning show to a new level. I'm not just talking about numbers, which when we get the hour to hour, then we can really examine those numbers. And somebody plays a spade and how that book works. See midday this summer over last summer, we went up three tenths of a point, little George up three tenths. Not a great number, but still number one as opposed to being number seven. You know what I'm saying? We were number one in men. Hank was number two, and a morning show was number seven. But the Jimmy and Danny thing, which I mean, talk about overkill, that was obnoxious. On this station, and some of you, I'm sure we call it Jimmy and Danny and Jimmy. It got to the point where we almost had to bring in the Jimmy and Danny police to prevent some of the people on this station from getting that one dementia. Let's all we had was Jimmy and Danny. And now we got a run day and good job by Chris. Yeah, Chris, a run day and Chris, three hours of a run day and Chris. Pat is played a game last night. They won three to two. They pulled it out and last a couple of minutes there. And he talked about that. World Series going on, tied up a game of peace. Any discussion of that? No. All sorts of other things going on in the world of sports. But you know something to who racoon's don't even exist anymore. Those, uh, college football ratings. They don't exist. There was nothing going on besides the run. The increase. No. And, or Chris in a rendezvous. He doesn't know Chris. Well, that's why we're not talking about on this show. See, we must be missing out. Narrow casting, though, somebody better explain to you. Okay, that first of all, not even the sports nerds are going to put up with that. You think that every sports nerd in this town is a dolphin fan, especially in this transient town, where you got all these New Yorkers and we've been people and all these people who root for other teams. You think everybody in this town wants to your all dolphins all morning? Well, if they don't who needs them. That's true. It's true. When you got a big number like that, screw them. I'm driving to work this morning and they're talking about a rendezvous and Chris and Chris and aroundie. And strictly the same one-dimensional thing. And out of nowhere comes this comment from Mo. You know, there's a guilty, there's 40% less trained monkeys than a year ago at this time. See, he's got a sheet in front of me, which I have to share a same sheet of paper on the left-hand column. It says a 9.6 on the right-hand says 5.9. Both being number one by the way, spring in the summer book, not last summer book, which was a 5.9, see, that's where you went wrong. Mo, you don't understand what you're reading. You try to manipulate, see, when I give the numbers out on this show, which I've been doing for like over 20 years now, people tune in and listen because they know I don't make them up. If they're good, we read them. If they're bad, we read them. If Mo would have had a 10-share at us and hey, he's helped us make some extra bonus money. Did he do it? No, he cost his money. But it was terrible numbers. You can be in denial all you want and you can come on here and say hey, the Howard David show never sounded better than does that. That's pretty sad. Come at that. Never sounded any better than does right now. Because here's a guy that's been on the year for eight months as he thrown. I'm looking at the chances he thrown one big exciting number in there at eight months. No. No. And especially these numbers are deceptive because these are 6 a.m. to 10 a.m. numbers. Maybe very jackass if you listen when Greg calls in gives it a deceptive number. For most number this time, maybe you'll be smart enough to realize that he's trying to pedally off like he did last time the 6 to 10 a.m. number, which he's not on 9 to 10 a.m. And whatever number he gives you is inflated by at least a point because we use him up over a point even though he don't appreciate it. Oh, you train monkeys out there because we don't talk about around the increase. Good for Chris. Yeah, screw him. I mean, seriously, it talk about one dimension will be like if I came on here and said, you know, the third race at Pompano Park the other night and I talked about it for the entire show. I'm not saying that as many people care about that as the dolphins of course. But even the most firm in a fans must be a little bit, you know, it's just like this thing with a median now. This is a very big story and very disturbing and very disconserting and it's said, I'm so on and it goes on and on and on but all sniper all day. That's all we got all sniper all day is the story in a media. Here's the full result from yesterday speaking of the smile the sniper coverage was that something you're citing or not because you had to look at those stupid ladies wanting information about the business about what business. Like you know, when you get a call and they say, you know, what's your address and your phone number and all that stuff. Good job, by Chris. I told her no. 875 votes yesterday is pulled the media coverage of the sniper has been just another feeding frenzy like OJ Sean Rajon, but they had said about 598 votes 68.3% you said that and you are absolutely correct. Feeding frenzy, a psychotic feeding frenzy. Tonight we got another panel and the guest on the panels are interchangeable from Larry King over the MSNBC to Chris Matthews. We got Mark. What's his name? I can never think of that guy's name. No, no, not Mark Grace to go with a mustache. Mark Garagos. He's now moved over the MSNBC and we've got Bo Deedle. Do you know that Bo Deedle was the fifth beetle? 598 people said the feeding frenzy by the media. It was in 1949. It was in OK. Outstanding 65 only 7% and 2% and 63 7.1% so he had too much in feeding frenzy together got like 75.4% say, stop already. Let us know what something is going on. But bringing all these experts who haven't got any idea what they're talking about. Well, this man is obviously a loner and he's this and he's that and well, this man is obviously part of a conspiracy. Yeah, right. They haven't got any idea who it is. And then Lucy man's got an idea what day of the week it is. And with him in charge, baby, you just know that it won't be more than another what? 510 years before they catch these bastards or whoever it is. 10 past nine, we got a new poll which will get to it. And of course today, being Tuesday tomorrow would be Wednesday when we do that new to one thing. But I'll see if the audience likes that or not. The only one that comedy bets will say, you know, we all have different lifestyles mode. And products to make us feel better and be healthier. Some of us need a bad hair. Peace and of us need a bag. Older you made a training formulas or advanced combinations of pharmaceutical grade olive oil with vitamins, minerals, herbal, other good stuff in there. Scientificly designed to provide natural nutrition solutions to help support specific health needs. Look for old you made three new formulas which are sleep, weight management and that great coq 10 all using the benefits. What is wrong with you? I think you're having a relapse. Please the suck can't wait to get out of here again. That's one of the reasons I got to look at this red face little spick. All using the benefits of the finest olive oil you'll find anywhere. Oliomeds and outstanding products that's available at public's echloridum logreens for more info call Oliomeds at their tool free number. 1 866 Oliomeds. He doesn't know Chris. That's 1 866 6536633. You can also order Oliomeds online at Oliomedsamerica.com. And if you visit nearest publics and purchase an Oliomeds product and data Broward, you can get you a coupon for a free Larry Coker Babelhead down while supplies last. Want one? No. Don't forget to visit their sampling provided in its fourth standard with the offensive playing home games too. Pick up free Oliomeds samples and product information start feeling healthy right now. Start popping some Oliomeds in your post. My life and love. This is 430565. What do you do? What do you do? Yeah. There's a butt-ass melon. We put a retarded girl in our all-new machines who be hated show you how well it drives. How rich is he thought this would move some product out of the showroom? Look at her go. This is funny you're watching retars at the park. If someone had severely retarded, you know that much fun and indivisible. I'm 15 at 560. But at any rate his show has never sounded a bit or man in total denial. Eight months and he's yet to throw a solid number in there. But we have all these trained monkeys here which is why I guess we're doing so well. Although did you realize this 40% less trained monkeys? No, I didn't. Here's the poll question today and the reason I'm doing it is because I don't know whether we should continue that noon to one comedy but sour every Wednesday. Huh? No cause our noon to one hour is down. But I think that's I think that's big while we don't know that for sure yet but you watch. You'll see tomorrow when they are today when those numbers come in our by hour. But I think the reason for that being that since the show has become a little bit more political show. I think that the right wing is it noon they have made a nest and they hit over the Russian to a bill all rally and whatever else they can find. I think that's the Republican rift. I see. I'll go to them okay too bad. But I'm also thinking that noon to one thing that may shuts some people off and there I don't know. That's what we're asking. What do you think of Neil's Wednesday's noon to one comedy but sour now asking this on a Tuesday so it gives us an opportunity to like plan for tomorrow in order to say in. I love it. It's okay. It's a waste of time or I hate it. By the way, thanks to Jeff Cohen and my good friend Marcie we had a good time at Pizza Luck yesterday the new one in plantation. That's a really nice place. Right there we hide Walgreens. You can't see it from the street but the food is the same great fresh delicious food. The portions though are just gigantic. I could have brought you and Carlos and Fat Richen there and still had some leftover. Just gigantic portions. Everything fresh the kitchen is beautiful sparkling clean. Even Jeff looked a little cleaned up like maybe he's showered some time in last six months. Probably the shower there to wouldn't surprise me. He's got some magic rooms in the back. I don't know what they're doing in there but I can only imagine. So thanks Marcie it was a great time and the food was excellent. That's so on. It's really good. Here's that pole again. What do you think of Neil's Wednesday's noon to one comedy but sour? I love it. It's okay. It's a waste of time or I hate it. Tuesday it's smallville night. I just mentioned that in passing so nobody forgets. You can't blame me if you forget about it. 15 votes on the raw reading. We haven't even started the pool yet. See I voted for it's okay because I don't want to like see what I'm saying. I can take it or leave it. I like it. I like it. Yeah but that's selfish. We like it because it's an easy hour. What do you think of Neil's Wednesday noon to one comedy but sour? I love it nine. It's okay five. I hate it one. I'll change it again. 36 votes now that I mentioned it there. Clam around here. I love it 20. It's okay eight. I hate it five and it's a waste of time three. So so far it's pretty off-sided. Here is a great column by Frank Zicaria in this past week's news week. Not the brand new news week. I just mentioned that in passing. Time to take on America's haters. By Frank Zicaria is that Zekaria? I wonder if his first name really used to be. Good for Chris. Chris. Or maybe a rendez. He says one of the most troubling realities of the Muslim world today is the cowardice of moderates. Mainstream Muslim leaders, political and religious do not condemn religious extremism often enough and vigorously enough as a result fundamentalist gain courage in their poisonous views go unchallenged. Unfortunately the same phenomenon appears to be worked now with America's own homegrown fundamentalists. Last week, Jerry Falwell announced on CBS's 60 minutes that Mohamed was a terrorist. His comments are part of a trend. At various points that Robertson is called Mohamed a robber and a brigand and described Islam as a monumental scam. Really grim some Franklin has chimed in his well frequently calling Islam a very evil and wicked religion. While there have been scattered condemnations from editorial here and there, there has been silence from the White House and most mainstream political and religious leaders. Commentators who fraud at the mouth when they read of one of the crackpot mullers in Egypt saying noxious things about Christians and Jews are now silent. Forget about Islamic moderates for a moment where America's moderates. And in this case the extremists are not obscure characters but rather three of the best on religious leaders in America with tens of millions of followers and huge political influence. Froth and Graham was invited by President George Dabbitt at his inauguration last year. Islamic fundamentalists are having a field day with these comments which have been played and replayed throughout the Muslim world. Al Jazeera's broadcast fire we call and shows on the controversy. There have been protest in India, Malaysian Iran and fundamentalists from London to Indonesia are saying in effect, we told you that America hates Islam. Transtheocrats have used full-wells comments to rally the country behind their otherwise unpopular regime. To rock the Muslim world America's friends, the reformers the moderates are embarrassed while its foes are celebrating. As if conference at war with the Rakt the United States is trying to convince the or border it's not at war with its people, the White House and the State Department of Divide major new programs to tell Muslims that America's concerned about their welfare. Yet our case becomes much harder to make and gentile efforts at cultural exchange will count for nothing against the backdrop of bigoted ranting by preachers. For the next decade or so at least a single biggest issue from American foreign policy will be its relationship with a 1.2 billion Muslims around the world. Getting that relationship right will have a greater effect on protecting American interest including the lives of American citizens than any other. And fall while Robertson and Graham's hate field campaign is lighting fires that could grow into a terrible conflagration. For the fundamentalists of temper 11 saw the urgent problem. Over the past decade they've been searching for enemies. Their old ones abortion rights advocates and homosexuals have not proved as useful as they had been because Americans have become more tolerant on social issues. Immediately after 9.11 fall on Robertson decided to use the tragedy of fire up their flock. In a joint appearance on national TV, fell while blame the attacks on the takings and the abortionists and the feminist and the gays and lesbians who are actively trying to make that an alternative lifestyle, the ACAU people for the American way all of them have tried to secularize America. I point to finger in their face and say, you help this happen, Robertson concurred. Other fundamentalists joined in. Billy Graham's daughter and Graham Lotz told CBS's Jane Clayson September 13 last year that the tragedies took place because Americans have shaken their fist at God and said God, we want you out of our government, our business our marketplace. All this backfired. In the next few weeks the preachers were roundly condemned by hundreds of organizations, newspapers, magazines and politicians, including President Bush. All our Robertson backed down issuing apologies and claiming disingenuously to have been quoted out of context since then they've stopped peddling that particular brand of intolerance in Muslims they found an easier target. As President Bush has repeatedly noted since 9.11, confronting extremism works, it'll work again on the home at home if he would only try. Right, for Reed Zacharia. Do I call him Fred? Well, at least I'll call him Chris. Good job, by Chris. Yeah. Good column. And have you heard the President by the way, disavow those comments since a week you will Sunday when that's crap was on 60 minutes, of course not. Because he's scared crapless to alienate that constituency. This is one of the funniest things ever read my life. It's obviously, but somebody fagged it to me. Colorado judge imposes van on same sex friendships. This is great. In a landmark decision being watched closely by both civil liberties advocates and people who have friends, Colorado fit this great judge Stephen T. Rosema to, they are held a statewide van on same sex friendships. The decision which effectively allows casual, consensual, mutually friendly relationships between two individuals of the same gender is expected to have a major impact on the legality of same sex friendships across the US. The controversial decision is based on the case of Greeley Colorado residents John Rudy in Frank, Kustonada, two friends who were tending a weekend rock climbing trip to your semity national park this July after their travel agent informed local authorities that she suspected they were friends, a local apella court blocked the trip deening and wholly inappropriate. These two men were in great danger of enjoying each other's company, Rosema said they may have attempted to communicate meaningfully with each other, share stories and anecdotes are possibly even engaged in physical contact, such as high-fiving after a successful climb, such behavior the judge had it as an abomination. Rosema clarified the lower court decision ruling that these sorts of close mutually agreeable relations between two men are now what God had in mind when he created Adam and Eve. This is why they weren't called Adam and Steve. While conservatives are applauding the Colorado decision, many said it doesn't go far enough. Senator Strom Thurman recently called for the band to extend the same sex conversations, calling them unnatural. Thurman is the author of the much discussed proposition D which would outlaw same sex locker rooms. Men should be showering with women, not other men, though if they do shower together they should be legally married before God. The state's Missouri, Louisiana, have already made same-sex locker rooms illegal, instituting mandatory code policy that requires all showers to be paired with a partner of the opposite sex and legally married before entering the bathing area. Before showering at her health club Friday, Kansas City resident in Jennifer Jacobs 34 was way to Gene's skillings a 60-year-old executive from the summer of Mitchell Park. I wanted to work out and then take a shower Jacob said, but in accordance with a lie, married Mr. Schilling said, we'll serve him as my husband for the rest of my life. Despite supporting same-sex friendships in 1992 campaign calling them valuable on nurturing bonds that fit the definition of an acceptable behaviors prescribed by the Lord Christ and Heaven, President Clinton said he was pleased by the judge's decision. I very much support 8 to 10 person same-sex gathering, such as ladies, bridge groups, or men's poker nights at Clinton who confessed and playing in a monthly, high-stakes poker game with top generals and heads of military industrial establishment, two men alone, no, no way. Despite Clinton's support rumors persisted that the president himself has engaged in a friendship with former U.S. energy secretary James McHughan with whom he periodically has been seen eating lunch. Mr. McHughan is an associate of mine and our lunches are strictly strategy sessions Clinton said. He did not deny however that when playing golf with McHughan they sometimes walk ahead of secret service agents and our briefly alone, a practice that has prompted many dequestion Clinton suitability as a moral leader. The Colorado Worldings expected to pave the way for similar bands and other states many of which have legislation pending, conservatives are working not normally to ban same-sex friendships on a national basis but also about law any asexual reproduction in the single cell invertebrate community. These filthy and immoral invertebrates are not acting in accordance with the Bible and by his holy word must be put to death, they're meant to say. Obviously a little bit old but cute. Very cute. So whatever you do not talk to me, talk to Chris. He doesn't know Chris. Oh, I'm sorry. Well, you gotta get to know him in a rendezvous in a rendezvous in a rendezvous in a rendezvous. Okay, 67 votes already. What do you think in the hills noon to one hour or a comedy bits on Wednesday 29. I love it. It's okay 17. I hate it 11. It's a wasted time 10. So it's like 46 to 22. You following that? See he's not. You don't want to speak to me now. Oh, no, no. No, you did the right thing. You don't be speaking. Oh, don't come and drag your little spiccass away just like those two beeners yesterday. 27. I have a night first. See he's talking to me. Good. I'm crossing. Don't help. Anyway, let me tell you about dialometrist right now. If you're sleeping while maybe you're sleeping alone. Let's only hope so. And certainly if you're sleeping with anybody else, you'd damn well better be married to them. And they better be old and ugly. And anyway, dialometrist 1-800 mattress is the way to get you a great new mattress for your sleeping activities, whether it's with somebody else, whether it's by yourself. It mainly the sleepin part is the most important because if your mattress is lumpy and bumpy and we're not you're not going to sleep with crap. So call 1-800 mattress. Dialometrist will get you the best brand name mattress in the world at an unbeatable everyday low price. They got them all. They got Serta and Silly. They got Simmons. They got King Coil. The names you know and love. And when you call dialometrist, what did he all the way around? Because you picked the day in the tour window for delivery when it's convenient for you when the day seven days week like between 10 and noon, 1-3, 2-14 and 4-14 etc. And you get that unbeatable 30 day in home comfort guarantee so you can test them at your south the right way by sleeping on it and screwing your brains out on it for up to a month. And if you're on a call or right now they'll be there knocking on your door in no time at all. 1-800 mattress. 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S or check them out on the web if you like. Admacris.com. My life and love all. This is 14-56. We're two a.m. George, in yet another, people at 10th for a morning number. The 560 W-G-A-M programming brain trust proudly present the Mo Howard Show. And the two other people at our studio. Hello. Hello. And welcome to the Mo Howard Show. Hey look, we're on the air. Where? Where? Over here to your moron. Oh, dad, hi, moron. Dad, both your pants down and help me with the show. OK, say, how was I to Ricky Williams? My you. Oh. Can I see here to your moron? We ain't talking about no fish on my show, see? Only sports I like. Now come here, your mutton head. Oh. Oh. Hey, get a little bit of that demo with it. What's the name? Oh, that's Carlin. Say you think I watched that. Don't do it, Mo. It's a family show. At a microwave. No, my. Hey, baby. Come here. I'm a big star, you know. Come on. I'm so big. I just want to touch your head. We can come out. Hey. I just want to touch your head. Don't miss the Mo Howard Show. Each and every morning on 560 W-G-A-M. Not that anybody cares anymore. We're new most of the audience off already. So why not? Hello, George. 932 at 560. At least he's speaking to you. I didn't know yesterday toward the end of the show. He more of these numbers came out. It's obvious that they really need some serious help there in the morning. And he's costing us money the rest of the day by costing us bonus money. By bringing a whole station down, but a lowest number on the radio station. Even a Robert do that this morning. They got the lowest number on a whole station. But at any rate, did I extend the hand of friendship and said that we wanted to respond to him? We want to embrace him. I don't mean physically. Oh. I mean like, you know, just generally speaking, that we want to be a team. All the rest of us are extending our hands their friendship. And he's like rejecting us. I don't want to see no even pro at the mad dog anymore because I guess that's too close to that ju-fang good gizgousler. So he don't even promote him. He starts with a humper and then moves through the rest of the day. In terms of his idea promoting the station. See, you're costing us money. Otherwise, we wouldn't care because the rest of us don't care if you get like a point one mole. We couldn't care less. The fact is that when it costs everybody else money, then we do care to understand. Yeah. So if somebody should get struck by the bolt of lightning out into parking lot, then we do care. See, if it comes to the word inopportune time. But the fact of the matter is that those hour by hour numbers will be a what? Today or tomorrow, do we know? No, we don't. Well, we nice if somebody would tell us if they were working feverously on that right now, I'm sure a high boy is a son. I hope high boy is down there banging on it and twisted it and yanking it and getting ready for treasure island and all these other things. Searching for it because somebody and maybe little Maddie Bell maybe he'll pop his little ugly head in the door here before the show is over and say, here we go. Or maybe the door will open and there will be somebody stopping on that walker. You know, he's a lot more dangerous on the walker than he was in the chair. Yeah, he couldn't fall over on the chair. Right. The chair at least was fairly immobile, moved very slowly. But the walker, he's like, trouppling along man, you just, you don't want to be in front of that one, uh, just admit hits the fan or there, and you say, I don't want to be in there when the shipment hits the can, believe me. And he can fit all the way in there by the way with the walker. Yeah, he can take the walker and with it. The only problem is he can't get out because the walker blocks the doorway and he has no way to get it out of there. At any rate, the highest ranking Boston art style is official implicated in the clergy sex abuse crisis admitted in molesting three boys more than 20 years ago, a friend of the priest, alleged and sworn testimony Friday yesterday in Boston. Once in your Frederick J. Ryan, who was vice chancellor under Cardinal O'Barritum Adiros admitted in molesting three boys when confronted by his friend former Boston Bruins, Chris Nilellin, according to Nilellin's sworn testimony filed in suffix superior court. By the way, how about that Bruins kick in my leaf last night for to want to leaf suck? Man, they suck. And at either of the Beagle, sucks no gold penny man, who'd you get to shut out and we're in and like a siv. Ryan allegedly sexually abused Gary Garland David Carney in a third unnamed man and maintained a sexual relationship with the unnamed man until three years ago Nilellin said when question under oath and lawsuit brought by Carney against Ryan and the arts dyesies. Nilellin 44, a friend of both Ryan and the three alleged victims confronted Ryan after allegation in the surface earlier this year, I needed some answers for our own sanity said Nilellin was married ceremony was conducted by Ryan. Having none confession with him before I had had a hold him to supposedly what is his morals and values of the church word. Nilellin testified that he demanded no if the allegations were true. Ryan then admitted that he abused all three boys during a trip to Rhode Island. It was then that he also admitted to the longer relationship with the unnamed man Nilellin testified. He told me that he had continued a relationship with his kid up till about three years ago, a sexual relationship which kind of floored me Nilellin said of the unnamed alleged victim. Nilellin's attorney Francis J. Demento Jr. I wonder if he's kind of doctor Demento? Said his client really didn't want to be involved in this but understood his legal responsibility to testify Demento asked about Nilellin's specific allegation said he had nothing to add what was included in the deposition said it was unlikely that Nilellin would come out of self. Attorney Timothy P. O'Neill represents Ryan and Mark C. Rogers who represents the arts dices in the case of course did not return a call seeking comment. Nilellin said Ryan initially didn't recall who Carni was to mention a tattoo that Carni got in Rhode Island allegedly on the trip with Ryan. You know what rhymes with tattoo? Screw. Ryan was pastor saying Joseph church in Kingston heavily pumped vicaria? I give up. Well that's a new one on me. I mean obviously we know what that is but we just don't say that again. Over seeing 16 southern perishes of the Boston Arts dices when the charges arose he is suspended has in the past refused to comment. Daniel J. Shay attorney for Garlon McCartney took down the position in June he is since parted with his clients. Garlon was arrested March after driving past Ryan's home and were veer than fleeing vicar when spotted by Chelsea police he underwent a psychiatric evaluation after police he went there to hurt Ryan or himself. Ryan was a chaplain to Catholic Memorial High School in Boston where Nilellin and Carni both played hockey though there were nine years apart Nilellin played with the NHL for 15 years 10 with the Montreal Canadians to with the Bruins. And by the way Don Cherry's very lame defense a hero ballad on coaches corner Saturday night was enough to make me puke okay still in the aisle grapes still in the aisle. And we're belly ham priest accused of sexual abuse arrested in Canada speaking of that. Boy don't tell me there's more this crap going on. I thought we're supposed to be like all sniper all day now. Are we? Are we? All talking hits sniper talk all day and then of course it's um around the increase and Chris and around the. Seriously three solid hours of good job by Chris and then that was it. And this man wonders why the numbers are in the crapper and he's in denial telling the audience that he showed never sounded better. If that's the case boy he's got real problems have never sounded better than this morning. To say it was narrow casting say it was one dimensional to say it was just repetitive redundant a grotesque would be a compliment you know. So many bell come in yet with those hour by hour. I can't wait. I want to right now. I want to right now. Maybe we're wrong. Maybe he had a giant three hours. Maybe you're nine to ten hours. So that could be that could be maybe mad dog had to huge numbers there in September. And we sucked wind. Maybe there are 20% maybe there's nine. Any% of the trained monkeys are gone okay because after all is now that I'm sitting here doing pure articles on a year what is it what is it called a time period articles on audio people like Tom jica aren't listening you think there's any chance to Tom jica is listening is there any chance to that no he's listening right now. He's got to stum on the day he's got to turn up so god damn love the people of the son sent or having to respect that turn it down a little bit time okay turned down at god damn uh period articles on audio a real tired priest and I didn't want to superior account court for 32 counts of a decent assault in battery has been arrested and can't it a following in an international extradition request made by the Worcester district attorney's office in August don't you love that warchist your son's I love it or just to try the Reverend Paul the Soleil was arrested in joliet Quebec we've had the stuff about him in the past and a schedule to be arranged today according to a statement issued by Worcester district attorney John jica in court of the indictments decelae 78 allegedly abused 18 former older boys between 1978 and 84 a 10 year statute limitations and affected the time was suspended when decelae left the state 1984 and moved to Canada a how do you like that what's this a facts if you didn't hear the interview Chris Carter by mowing guilty here it is oh here's a here's a run down on it something about the rape me look at that this is this is beautiful maybe I have time to read this for I doubt it looks like it's blasphemous okay don't be knocking our close buddy moe okay that we're trying to bond with now which evidently he didn't take too kindly that because the rumor court that one facts was he ripped both of us and as between 6605 when he knows that nobody's awake yet including me or which address in gold bond maybe that will work you think so maybe word bond might do it or maybe Chris bond he doesn't know Chris yeah I mean I don't know if there is a Chris bond but there must be somewhere to my pure Chris bond 105 votes on the poll so far and this is a Tuesday so just this is a tabloid Tuesday by the way I got all the tabloid stuff I don't know this this week's tabloid stuff was relatively amin this smokey stuff here but another way thank you bill oh yeah thanks bill for the magazines and I think I went a while when I had time anyway and that was a news thanks to Bill and Anderson news for bringing us a whole crap load of magazines especially judges dirty magazines you got this morning yeah that you get any dirty magazines see only in America what they call them dirty magazines in America where we see it's okay it's okay to run away guns and kill people but it's dirty look at pictures of naked people that's bad there are a couple but there isn't the new playboy with christie swans and naked people be bad but guns are good oh let's make sure and of course like you send me in your right but you know me I just can't I can't deal with it it's way too late all this business about gun control forget about it too late while when everybody in America's got 75 guns in an arsenal of weapons I mean what's the point you know and we got a cowboy a gunslinger for president so it kind of fits right in start it with that old gunslinger whiny ray gun back in eighty let's just all get one that way will be even one oh several you better get with it mister one forever evidence marker senior the woods is what they're saying about this lady shooting this morning and now they're saying by the way it was a bus driver the bus driver on at bus to got shot not a passenger the bus driver they keep changing their tune every five minutes twenty before ten at five sixty w q a m let me tell you about a place that never changes their tune they're doing the same great things for you now they have been for the last two thousand years brand issues in pompot a beach where they continue to give you the best election and men's and women's shoes the best service in town and prices that every single day of your life are unbeatable now wondering if this tag is correct because it says week of ten fourteen and I haven't seen bald head of Troy yet today I don't know uh oh I don't know see this see they're probably all packed up and get ready to go to Vegas they can't be bothered with us and any rate brand uses got your size and the shoe you want to stock all the time the top names in the world they got rock ports as a s fairy timber naturalizer and lots more in fact Troy's probably suit and up getting ready for practice to line up with the dolphins this weekend or next one over the hill are playing a week from Monday. Brandeez is open every day ninety nine some days ten to five you'll find them at twelve ninety north federal highway in pompot a beach like I said they're unbeatable all the way around for selection service and price and all this week we think I don't know if this is still going on if not blame it on Troy's record tell you guys up at Brandeez hey Troy's an asshole oh man are you right this week at Brandeez rock ports on sale men's vote shoes only forty four ninety men's pro walkers only forty nine ninety only this week maybe at Brandeez in pompot a week. five you're a QA which I am a pussy planning your next vacation looking for excitement and exotic locations then make your next pleasure trip a memorable one visit Palestine relax is in dying in newly remodeled open air restaurant marvel at the view of the morning sunrise from your open air hotel room experience the cultural differences between Israel and Palestine and back to Israel again all from the comfort of the local marketplace as it changes hands each day you'll be blown away so plan your next excursion to the land of enchantment Palestine we're just a stone's for a way from the goddess trip and abroad and jr and who I like cats i forty four five sixty w qa and let's see what's going on here it's a urban hospital there like details from the police i just can't comment on that can't comment i'm sorry it's a lot of that every everybody that we can't comment and usually 84th press conference with moosey man yesterday the one where he kept saying uh can't it wouldn't be appropriate to comment on that at this time everything that we be doing is uh do you see that one no i turn it right off when i see the movie come on you want to watch the moosey man he's very entertaining yeah well but he can't comment about the investigation and he can't comment about but he said that uh together we will uh get this uh song together if we work together seriously stop and think about the resources they use i mean these are the people that were entrusting to catch anybody and they think that this guy's actually gonna give them the number of a pay phone and he's gonna show up there at an appointed time i mean let's get serious but at least they caught those two beenors let's hear it for them uh they called an i and s they're gonna deport those bastards in uh america's a lot safer today because we got two beenors out who were looking for day work boy i don't want to say the confidence on my part is low but this uh this could go on for a very long time you do understand that could go on for a very very long time and these people know absolutely nothing it's i i will say this i give a lot of credit to people on these talking headchills MSNBC CNN Fox News to be able to fill up 24 hours a day this is even better than Chris and around the in Jimmy and Danny with a bunch of people who haven't got any idea what they're talking about they don't know who it is who they are where they live what they look like they're shoe size they know nothing and then Paul was breathlessly on there about that note you know that they found uncertainty about the note well he did the the rumor was that there was a promise in there were more violence as it as if we expected him to stop like he had a threaten he had to give them like a meleka warning just like sending a message to Joey Zaza you know what what's the point don't send all messages go out there and uh unfortunately kill some more innocent people you know we already know that victim is available about 40 years old and uh he's either was the bus driver that bus or was not all depending on which report you believe this morning here's something a little bit lighter okay can we lighten up just a little bit now a sharp molesting priest and people getting shot by some crazy as sniper and mow getting all better shape causes numbers suck hey don't blame us small we're rooting for you we're waiting for that month when you throw in a really big number and what he doesn't understand is because he's alienated virtually everybody in the building he's also alienated great deal of the audience so even if they do a listen to his show a lot of them are gonna write it down you thought I'm saying they're not gonna put it down in those diaries and this is the same man by the way who came on year not to often long go and encourage his audience don't listen to the show that follows him you see what I'm saying so talk about teamwork talking about this is a man who's working against us you see what I'm talking about I cost an us money he's encouraging his audience if I ever said that I'd be the biggest son of a bitch and I do just the opposite I encourage everybody listen to the station 25 hours a day because we need the money George needs that extra bonus badly not that he never get it but he needs it badly and to think of the fact that we got some guy coming on here and telling people don't listen to that show that follows me talk about a hard ass but let me ask you something how's Chris and around me doing now you're like this story although before I do this story I should mention something very bad the price of chocolate is gonna go soaring now because you know where most of the cocoa comes from South America doesn't it nope no I've recost okay all right and of course there haven't all of that civil unrest there and we just had all those people evacuated there and lots of crap going on there which I know in Africa is very unusual but at any rate so there's a result there's a shortage whatever takes price of chocolate it but here's the good news per rude jive you're been in per rude jilly I guess not no I have neither but I hear it's a great place chocolate statues cocoa flavored pasta even solid chocolate panokio noses are some of the sweets on a split in annual weeklong festival going on right now dedicated the food of the gods chocolate day and estimated 30,000 people converged on the Umbriom city of per rude jive about a hundred miles north of Rome for the first weekend of the Euro chocolate festival this year's name is chocolate and cinema to celebrate Tuscan chocolate here Simonidicastro can sell Castro Simonidicastro constructed life-sized characters when they newly released Roberto Benini film panokio all made a solid chocolate visitors could marvel at the sculptures and a panokio else something there is no language that sounds better than a titan now you'll say you know that business about Spanish if it's both a little bit now what we did about it oh and I even though I have no idea what most of it means I mean I did have my five minutes of Italian thanks doctor jack but I don't know what I mean but I can read it you know I can read it fairly well that's a some pretty good so it's like a scam you know I read it like I have some idea what I'm talking about which I don't like everything else you know I talk a lot I have no idea what I'm talking about that's what that one asshole said oh that need to see a handler guy I got another faction maybe yesterday by the way who's still listening and also hates mo after I forgot that facts here's the guy who's upset with my liberal my left wing re-reedings and ratings but he still takes the time yesterday to the facts me and let me know he hates mo they hate you mo visitors could marvel at these sculptures in a panokio village where the Castro sold panokio cups and t-shirts as well as panokio noses cone shaped chunks of chocolate sold in weights ranging from two ounces to more than three pounds mmm bring it on we can't make enough noses assistant panel of on tantamarvel people just keep buying them and a special event is passed on they five sculptors on platforms called the huge hunks of chocolate in the scar trek trek trek trek characters and seems from a dolce vita throwing scraps to crowds gather to watch for the baby some parents yelled for your father for your father as they held up young children over their shoulders trying to get a piece of the prized shaving. Georgia like to get a piece of a prized shaving probably from british crotch the euro chocolate fest the euro chocolate festel has been held every year since 1996 in prerudio homo per for a gena have you ever had perigina chocolate take a hat was it doors markets they used to bring those in i think it was no long time ago or is it one of those one of them used to send perigina chocolates they're pretty damn good make reviddly same as bachi hazel mutton chocolate candy ever had baches try to think perigina lent and valerona were among the vendors selling their sweets during the festival which ends Sunday while some visitors found prices for the top name brands too high in the crowds too large others well as the next themes of chaka haulism in all chocolate beauty salon chocolate soap merizan merizpan marispan was it marzipan samgam kitten carried away now just calm down i start with a chocolate a burpsa never seen that show death by chocolate that guy and tv on a uffudanads rap you know watch the cooking shows you just watch the a crap uh let's see in all chocolate beauty salon chocolate soap marzipan body lotion and cappuccino bubble bath run sale sales women gave free chocolate bath chocolate tattoos even stout here with chocolate paint and chocolate covered berries time is precious the well dressed man said after you had his hairstyle with chocolate you need to spit it on beautiful things and that a beautiful thing like chock and perugia zibigabian perugia have in chocolate from head to toe just covered in it yeah looking at sucking it enjoying it and instead we're sitting here and watching people get shot every day because this is a crazy a boy crazy people with guns that's America for you crazy people with guns all speaking of that Brazil police toward bomb plot i'm so glad that somebody else has got crazy people besides us sale palo Brazil police ordered a plan by organized crime to blow up the sale palo stock exchange with the car pack with explosives at thirty cities today a car carrying about sixty five pounds of explosives was found early yesterday in a highway near the city of campinas fifty miles northway did i say campinist you did fifty miles northway to sale palo said geodiferid oh go to frito beton court go to frito you go and see frito head of the organized crime division of the sale palo police i've rather see christmas song or at least a rendez police blocked a highway decay deactivated explosives through front of the suitcase along with dirty laundry bit in court said Carlos Alberto de Silva i thought he was the avoston strainer the spokesman for the sale palo state security department playing the first capital command the same group to planetedly prison rebate in february 2001 using wiretaps are intelligent service intercepted phone calls that help uncover the plot so they said they discovered we knew what they were planning at abandoned the car he said police arrested petrolina maria de carvallo felicio i like that she's got sixteen different names petrolina maria de carvallo felicio the wife of Jose marcio felicio a jail leader they first capital commando by its acronym PCC she carried messages from her husband to other PCC members who were execute the plan so they said newspapers reported the bombing was planned for Sunday when resilience cast palates and tomorrow collection for president and their famous for lack a lot of these bombings and bones stuff up in Brazil like all over Latin America because it's the Latin American in way not as much as a Columbia of course uh oh now we already know about the Harry Bellafonte thing but i like to you know it's it's well worth it we don't want to skate over that too lightly Harry Bellafonte the clip this is from fox news today the clip so singer and dancer whimmers to zahati angstar during the era of back door entry for black entertainers i that's a bad line you know back door entry for black entertainers yeah it sounds like back to them doesn't like the two most prominent black officials entering through the front door earlier this month bellafonte accused secretary of state colon palates being a house slave for adhering to the party line of administration bellafonte clearly opposes there's an old saying in the days of slavery there are those slaves on the plantation and there were those slaves who lived in the big house you got the privilege of living in the house to serve the master colon palates permitted to come into the house of the master bellafonte said on the radio talk show in San Diego bellafonte also accused national security adviser come to ease the rise of turning her back on black people and while pal earlier shook off the statements with the laughing dismissal booklet is responded this weekend of the charges they don't properly represent i think it's unfortunate that Harry found a necessary use that kind of reference palates that unfox news Sunday i don't know what reference he would use to white cabinet officers who were in the house of the master pal at probably crackers palates at bellafonte had the right to attack his politics but i didn't i'm serving my nation I'm serving this president my president our president and i'm very happy to be doing so he said rice speaking sunday on a news program also retorted everybody should be able to debate views but i don't need Harry bellafonte to tell me what it means to be black but bellafonte 75 wasn't the last black american harpa and palan rice for backing the bush administration civil rights activist in general uh smithester bergesse jaxson jumped into the phrase sunday when he told the black church that palates not on our team it's kind of like here mow is not on our team he's on the christen aronday team but he's sure not on our team when i say our team i mean a whole rest of the radio station the barrage has conservative african americans up in arms both of them the democratic race-bading machine is now in full motion said nigger in it i've denied your innocent the congress of rational quality always say that you know what's names and i g er maybe he's from nigger ria knives your innocent the congress of racial equality core in a said they politically correct crowd use black republicans of sellouts not successes absolutely correct he sure got a good point they believe for you to be authentically black you have to tow their line if you don't tow their line then you should be disciplined and the way that is a plan you used to call you names and by chastising you not by challenging you when your policies and acting for a full debate and discussion on the issue but throwing stones at you author and calmness Earl Hutchinson at her that to debate demonstrates how independent thinking blacks are chastised for not doing a liberal line some blacks have said that the bologna is made a point since power and rise of products of a bush political machine that chose them to be members of the team james coan author of martin and milk him and america dream or nightmares had milk a max criticized mainstream civil rights leaders and groups as the black leadership was chosen by the dominant white society now didn't the bush administration choose policy what's the difference going said it's not a nice thing to say but the truth is often very provocative and hurtfully said that's right the truth hurts small the truth hurts it's painful it's enough to make your flip your lid god dammit speak it a little how's the steve i should ask the ponytail about that because the other pizza loves indiby i bet your ponytail knows the event you think he's probably doesn't real well and by the way ponytail i'm wearing a real nice shirt today be pleased about that i don't need any lessons coming from him on uh you know i'm being a fashion plate that could be the title of your book what's wrong with my shirt yeah what i have had so many people on that show you saw the shirt i was wearing sure it's just a shirt it's not a good one i thought it's for i like that shirt it was a color it was colorful it was a little bit you know loud and i didn't want to say it was y'all and i think you're getting carried away okay he said it's a little bit gay so today i'm not this year and i'm wearing today is beyond reproach okay right light brown it's like a it's like nandiscript but it's like certainly not out of date no is it you need to go to Austin bird one of our fine spots just by the way George so watch it 957 at 560 wcv if i could look if i could be a fashion plate like Jeff Cohen i had really haven't made i'd have young guys just both sides right now just crawl all over me instead what if i got time layman oh now times a good guy's just old and ugly you Tom layman and halib pony fgmc say no tricks this allowing just treats and believe me time i don't want no trick from you announcing we grade 0 percent halib we need to go in on right now and halib well i'll speak in a halib you know i saw the elevator yesterday bob Eisenberg he had some cost to call it about most numbers yes with a proof credit from gma c gets 0 percent financing speaking of most numbers 0 percent financing up to 60 months on all 2002 pony xngmc models and select 2003s or take a rebate about to 4 grand here's even more good news no payments for up to 90 days check out the complete line as always of gmcsu v's including that snappy on boy voted by motor trend as subinia the year like i told yesterday don't get a white one plus cd all new pony agvibus uv with the power of a fancy schmancy sports car here's dot with some of those uh our by our numbers not come on do something useful for us go beat many velvet ahead come we want the numbers now we want the our by our power had a big book you know that though what that crap they played on the hall halits also got a great selection of use car structure as you please dependable ones no limits on that lot and if credit is a problem for you if you've been a deadbeat most of your life if you never had a job if you're like a scumbag they'll still cut you deal with halibodiac don't forget it's the great 0 percent halibod event at school and on right now and halibodiac you'll find them in the same great location they've been doing people right for over 35 years one 34 one south to see how i u.s. when across from the falls halibodiac gmc who be professional grade able and rate me you i'm holding rushing sign for dinner but i haven't stitched this everything Because it could and they do All I've got to say is screw those rushing dudes Lots of bucks they won't let Lots of bucks they need Go on me first you know I just got the boot now And my launch got Okay, got one question for all you folks out there House Chris and a rendezvous in 1003 at 560 WQAM happy Tuesday to it. How is the poll doing? Because I'm better keep a close eye on this because this is the prelude to tomorrow show Whether we do that noon to one comedy vets are every Wednesday. We've been doing that for what about a month now Just a month longer than that feel for go back to Toronto. I know a bit start doing it up there Now what precipitated that? I remember one day I don't know you were feeling your voice hurt or yeah, oh, I was back when I'd buy my thanks again doctor Hampton for Saw them my son and you know as I have no more that even the QAM allergies here I got some sort of tall drops too. Should it act up again. Oh great. Thank you What do you think in the old Wednesday noon to one comedy vets are we asked 150 votes and I see even numbers so far I love it 61. It's okay 44 see the people I always put one in there for the people that want to get over enthusiastic You know, it's okay. You know, how do I look today? Okay, and I took good with that shirt It's a waste of It's a wasted time 25 and I hate it hate it good for Chris 20 So let's see positive 105 negative 45 so it seems almost overwhelming so far that they liked that new to one It's a nice break especially with all these depressing things going on Another guy getting shot this morning the bus driver 40 year old guy was in a hospital now in the Maryland as the beat goes on and it's a moosey man between a moosey man and What's your name? I think they'll solve the problem What's your name? I'm CNN Judy Woodruff. No, not Judy Woodruff. No, Judy's praying to God. Oh, sir. Judy's a praying to God Paula Paula Paula Okay, good. I'm glad you will Paula For you're maybe we can get Leon Harris there and frankly that what a psychic moment Leon Harris What I know was found I hadn't you noticed I wasn't looking up I was looking right straight down And who's on the screen early on here is probably a moment or two He says something about Kirby Pucket Lips in and tuck it Give Malali pop and he sure could suck it and that what he said and then he said something about good job by Chris Yeah Not this thing about what's the difference between a priest and a pimple echo And I'm not gonna read that that's in very poor taste Oh Anyway, move right along here's one for George Blake test fire murder weapon in his own home So sister and lossy You and your buddy Robert Blake partners in crime. Did it what he did it the question In other words, you don't defend the notion that he's innocent He did it but he we ought to let him off for because he was He didn't say that either he deserves whatever's coming to him but the bitch had it come Well, how well when I want law covers that no no law vigilante He's not good at all about that thing about you know to me That was great. I still can't get over that somebody put a lot of work in the creating that took it off somebody's website no You know for probably was was probably on that what's that one? Yots dot com or that yucks yucks dot com And so muff comes in here and he brings me all of these numbers man. He is working feverishly It's a good thing now he's got his own new office in there. He's got a different time leave working feverishly on numbers big big office by the way Yeah, they got a big office now deservedly so nice gone muffets about time they took care of you Okay, Christ says after they janned you up in a little high chair like an infant You know who's sitting in the heights here now though don't you? Yes, I did hang in that spoon You know who's doing that that cranky old man grumpy old man grandpa grandpa Anyway, see this this is bad now why did he get started? I thought that I thought that we would like you know now that I'm back in town like you know Bond a little bit like I said like Barry bonds. Well, that's right for get forget about Barry bonds because that's like world series talk You could have invited it into the pizza law with you. No. I don't want to lose my appetite In addition to which pony to the one to see that peace and pony tail told me about that dolphin banquet And what a horrendous job mode to the banquet and tell all these corny steel old New Yorkie jokes He said it was embarrassing that's what I'm just quote what pony tail said you know what a good up standing guy pony tail Is he's not the kind of guy who would say that you know to like just to suck up. You know He just told me that is being a matter of fact and I thought oh well Anyway, so I'm in 25 to 54 look at this nothing we want to start with these numbers again because this audience I apologize but people in the business like to know this stuff especially in our business Last summer and I thought 40% of the train monkeys were gone see if you read the numbers right mode come to fight out That we actually went up now He might say well last summer the morning show was a 3.3 it was 9 and we were a 3.6 Yeah, but last summer was 6 to 10 a.m. the more the worst team see 6 to 10 they had they took care of their own four or four hours They didn't have to have some other old fart come in here and like value your ass out and lift up a full point So this summer was 3.6, but you take a point away from that. It's like a 2.6 And believe me it's gonna be at least a point trust me again take that to the bank And my point being and you know I always think and it's a good thing I didn't say yesterday because when it comes to the ratings I do like to be accurate I was thinking that ever since we've been on this radio station we've been number one in men in every book and I forgot about you debacle last summer sorry Oh you asshole man What a shmuck You you I didn't even know I'm I must have been such a good mood coming back from I'm sure that I'm that I just overlooked this it was the tapes Yeah, it was the tapes my fat whole ass okay 5.3 fifth fifth Not just not number one but number five Let's put tapes on during Hank show what what happens to his life. What kind of a oh yeah Must have been the tapes man you are in such denies what happened to die would he will see let's turn it around What was on this year instead of the tapes where you on C days and Thursday Well, I wasn't sick when he felt like it in the state of that those awful tapes a real live breathing But you sound like fat boy now you sound like somebody needs a crutch You got to learn to stand up on your own Mr. on your own what a little charge that is after the first summer was an Eight to to have tapes again that's the following year well then we have tapes the first summer. Yeah, you know, so so how could the tapes have been the problem? Well then how do we get? How did we get an eight two with three days of George and two days with tapes and then we went out of a five three Too many goddamn twight waterdale eating ass stories is what you were doing. That's our problem. That was it that was disgusting Talking about and bishops body being brought back to the building that was that was nasty. Well, see even you can't handle it Dwight getting done it. That's why I had to shave off his mustache Starting to get on and there's a little bit yeah, there you go Now I feel like I'm getting even little bit anyway Anyway a five three and number five last summer five nine and number one this summer So most contrary to more recent for making you're given out this morning about 40% of the train monkeys are gone That was from the spring book, you know when Was here all spring that's why they painted a big bush muck And let me put one other thing out to you to a sense the numbers are all or he's trying to say that they mean nothing Let me point something else out Your number in this book in men Is going to be more than double his number if he has a two six I mean there's no question about that because you already got to find that to be a six Something it's going to be at least double like two and a half times so that means you ought to be making two and a half times when he's making How do you like that and because I did a couple of shows in there to bush you up a little bit we'll take the half out you're to be making double what he's making You ought to be making a big one with six zeros after it if my arithmetic is correct How do you like that? Huh? Hey, I'll take half of what he's making for getting twice the number right that that's a good deal. That sounds like a good deal. I mean what do you say Greg? No Puts he doesn't know Chris. Oh, that's the problem see if you do Chris you probably get about two three million year out of this joint If you talk more about important things besides eating ass if you talk about maybe Chris eating around a zass Then the sports nerds get really excited Then they start squeezing themselves and squeezing the radio and squeezing those diaries and put your name down Just remember Jimmy and Danny and Chris and around they Next summer keep that in mind right it down 10 past 10 at 560 WQM Let's face it you've been hearing about fast train for a long time on this show and what it if maybe it makes sense for you Well the facts are simple like many view folks if you have the dedication fast train Provided with an necessary training to become a certified computer professional according to time magazine to demand for computer professionals will continue to explode Our average student complete now. What do we say are their average student completes? I don't work there see that always like doing that to me who who or if the otoddrek there A guy Todd drags average student completes a training in just four short months attending school three nights a week Once you've completed your certification fast train will assist you in getting your new computer job Fast train invites you to come in visit their train career council and determine which track is ideal for you Which tracks ideal for you George highly or Pompano call fast train tool free at one eight six six fast train to set up your appointment with four convenient locations in Kindle Pembroke Pines Miami and the four lotterdale So there's one to be one nearby you don't forget to ask the queer counselor for list of students just like you who are currently in their dream jobs Call fast rated a tool free get out of your did end job Stop surrounded yourself with a bunch of losers call fast train tool free one eight six six fast train That's one eight six fast train or check them out of the web at fast train dot com Where of exploding balls McDonald's is cutting the fat in their fries, but here at my dobles. We're upping the fat Let's Why eat healthy when you can enjoy those good old grease soaked artery clogging french fries and middubles McDubles has double the fat doubled the flavor and double the size of our fries now try McDubles double-th-wish combo a burglary soft drink with five pounds of McDubles double-thak fries for just 99 cents has McDubles knows whatever Ignoring uneducated greasy here acting face poor fast-slawed love Oh See you inspired me mentioned Josh treatment a Josh you're just go away. Did you see the story about Jesus Christ to see that? No, he's in the news again. Yes, very obnoxious maybe tied to Jesus family. I think actually think I was named Jesus. He was a ball player You haven't heard this story. No, well, we'll get to it eventually. This is this is family. See how short this facts is yeah Could be one of the most amusing facts as ever received. I've got you time Jacob would appreciate this Thank you Lawrence and Miami. It says Neo. Could you please give periodic updates on the step of situation? Thank you Yeah, periodicals on audio. That's what we hear for periodicals. Here's the update. That's it The bus drivers in critical condition is in the hospital or fighting the save his life as family has been notified there there and And they know nothing and they got all the experts on their going like that. They know absolutely nothing And he might have been into woods. It's neuro-wooded area and that seems to be his favorite thing like the woods See what I'm saying right who doesn't like the woods Tiger Chris Aronde Jimmy maybe Danny. I've asked Danny if he's coming back to the game and if he likes the woods or not Anyway, thank you Lawrence and Miami will give you a period of updates. There's nothing to tell you The bus driver was shot in the lower abdomen. He's in critical condition in the hospital and the sniper is obviously the sniper again We don't have to wait for them to find a bullet see and there's another thing that nobody is saying why are these people so stupid in the media Huh? Not that I'm a genius. It doesn't take a genius to figure out if if the ballistics don't match If he switches to another weapon The I mean is it possible that somebody this maniacal this much of a lunatic could have other weapons? Oh So the idea that because the bullets match the previous ones Therefore that's what we need to see to make sure it's the same person who did the shooting The I don't think so especially in America where we have everybody's got at least 20 30 40 assault rifles It's very a size in et cetera, right? Right for different days of the week different holidays different animals that you're looking for right there Because the animals that you're trying to a meme and wound and kill et cetera So the the notion that the media's got you all tied up and it's oh well, you know We got a way to see if the ballistics of matches that doesn't mean a goddamn thing and You know what else the fact that it does match also doesn't mean anything because if there are copycats out there Guess what they could be using the same goddamn ammo to oh no But we know this and we know that and you know something they know absolutely nothing Except there's a bunch of dead people and people in the hospital and the moosey man is pathetic. He's pathetic And that's got it's not a racial thing. It's just because of the fact that he happens to be a bozo He could be white and be a bozo too. In fact that white sheriff from where did he help us he from? In Virginia when I had to share father the shooting of the day you know the one ahead there where the rain catcher had on that He looked like the guy from Joji in a roof is the sheriff roof is whatever that guy's name is He's no rocket scientist either, but chief moosey man this guy's in a special category, but if we just stick together We can solve this damn thing. So please call us here. Here's a message And the whole thing if it weren't for the fact that people are getting killed in almost blown away There'd be some humorous because it's being handled like a keystone cops thing, you know, that kind of like a Larry Curley and Mo thing Blake test fired murder weapon in his own home speaking of crazy people with guns says sister and law This is from the inquire where when it's in the inquire where on tabloid Tuesdays we believe every god damn word Don't wait for you that cuz the inquire. We don't mess around That's one of the tabloids now. We also have the weekly world news thanks to our friend Bill Which I'll say for later on if things get a little bit slow, which I doubt if we run out of All these great night time billions during one here about aliens a Bigger person the warms with antenna aliens see there you go again with that professional spic stuff again He wants alien aliens doing just fine. He had his happy meal this morning and he's doing just great And the best news is nobody with a gun is gonna shoot alien He's a lot safer there than he would have been here Is there any argument about that? And I guarantee that's a damn good thing. He's away from that fisherman I think that fisherman's been a little bit too much time in a closet if you ask me Blake test fired murder weapon in his own home sister when law on the nishie was shot Dave Robert Blake's wife heard Blake test fire regun at his house while she was talking on a phone with her sister on the day she was shot Dave This sensational new evidence uncovered by the inquire has been turned over to prosecutors determined to convict Blake for the murder of his wife Bonnie Lee bakeley that bitch Her sister marked Marjorie Bay. Oh, that's with two hours. Oh Marjorie Bayley told the inquire where she even cried out in terrors. He told me he's coming to kill me The bang was so loud. It's in off the burglar alarm As the alarm was loudly wailing Bonnie was running around her guest house in the back of Blake's property Friendly locking all the doors so he couldn't come in and shoot her I believe it was testing is gonna make sure was working properly. I think he didn't want it to miss fire when he put it to Bonnie's hate in the car where she was killed Yeah, I've told the police what happened and they've been out to Blake's property Searching his house for the bullet holes in the walls. I'm sure it'll be part of the murder case against Blake she said The 69 year old former bread of stars been denied bail on charges that he killed his wife He's been behind bars for more than 25 weeks. Marjorie Bayley also revealed exclusively to the inquire How Blake's and Bonnie a chilling message on that issue was murdered may four 2001 when body went downstairs when Bonnie went downstairs in her guest house there was a sleeping bag Needly laid out at the bottom of the stairs Robert had unrolled it. He knew she was familiar with all his films The new overseen and the TV movie he did judgment day the John List story and the movie Blake executed his mother his wife and his three children then placed him in sleeping bags I believe Blake new Bonnie would get the message back off. I'm trying to take my daughter away from here. I'll kill you Kind like if he would have given her a fish wrapped up in a vest right I think Blake had me targeted for death as well. She said Marjorie He invited me to go on a trip with him and Bonnie after ordering his bodyguard or I'll call about a big two holes in the desert Blake knew that Bonnie and I talk constantly on the phone and Bonnie told me everything about his threats to kill her I believe the plan was to kill both of us in various in the desert so there be no witness to his plan But I didn't go which is why I'm still alive Bonnie didn't go on the trip either. I'm still terrified of Blake she says that I'll face him in court and I'll testify against him I can't let him go to wait like sisters murder said Marjorie Speaking of people who just slay us Jesse Jackson Slays me Boy yeah, you know with somebody teach him how to like In fact, if Jeff Cole and want to help people with their personal appearance help what I must actually a little bit okay Is it off again? It's off on one side again. It keeps tilting off to the left Jesse and comic nearly come to blows and foul mouth tirade this also when he inquire in a very next page Back to back with Robert Blake to think of something symbolic there The only person I mentioned here was good for Chris And around he didn't get in here either So what do you think of Chris and around? Hope a Posh Beverly Hills fundraiser turned into the Saturday night fights when Jesse Jackson went toe to toe with comics Steve Harvey an Exclivative lace tirade a ride. I love it The two locked horns over the controversial hit movie Barbershop which this is civil rights i-coons i-cons Rosa parks and Dr. Martin Luther Coo and Jr and even takes a potshot at Jackson Jesse and Steve were ready to box and the language and i went to school to inquire Jesse the preacher called Steve and mother effort Then Steve called Jesse a punk ass preacher and an emmera mother effort to a better careful way i'm doing this a mother effort to a punk ass preacher the ruckus i folded at the ritty Beverly Hilton hotel where Jackson who secret love child was exposed by the inquiry Hosted is annual birthday party and rainbow push fundraiser is birthday party It all started when Jesse overheard Steve say that some people were in here he used the N word were blowing the barber shop jokes about some niggers were blowing the barber shop jokes about Rosa parks and Martin Luther Coo and Jr out of proportion said the i-witness Jesse stopped in his tracks turned to Steve and said who are you calling a nigger Steve immediately became defensive who you call a nigger cut it out You tried to explain to Jesse that the dialogue in the movie was nothing you got upset about Jesse pointed his finger and said it was something get upset about because it was totally disrespectful Then Steve accused Jesse being a hypocrite he said Jesse was publicly pretending to protect the honor of Rosa parks and Martin Luther Coo and Jr But in reality was really upset because in the character the movie said fjese and everybody laughed In fact everybody said yeah Steve said let's just begin let's just get down to a dog. It's not about nobody but you you ain't Schmidt Yeah, let's get down to a dog That's when Jesse lived at all hang out and they looked and said holy crap He got louder and louder trying to put Steve in his place Steve was ready to take off his coat and beat Jesse's ass right there It says other guests do between the two of them so no one could throw a punch Steve finally stormed out yelling. I'll never do nothing for that nigger again dumb mother ever After I know she loved this. He's great. I can't wait for he comes in yeah I'm ready to go see that barber shop movie right now. I'm bravely sco get a haircut After Steve left Jesse said Steve looked like a pimping blue and green alligator shoes that matched his suit It's a good thing Steve didn't hear him where they may come to blow There may have been some blowin going on you go Steve You go dog and you know what they say if you blow too much you're in trouble That is what they say how's that pull coming folks? That pull on our Wednesday noon to one extra have a ganzo where we play comedy bits for an hour to lighten things up just a little bit Oh there is a bo-devil that could be used could be broken down Almost 28 inches so let's all be aware that the person can kept that this has been he's been doing this for two days now on every now every never about how they can you know it folded down like like an umbrella and like an accordion the piece 188 votes on a pull what do you think in the old Wednesday noon to one comedy bits hour I love it 76 it's okay It's okay Yeah 57 it's a waste of time 31. I hated 24 So let's see you got 133 to 55 so far Pretty overwhelming for this crowd wouldn't you say? I'd say for this sour negative nasty town that we got here By the way last night I did not go because who wants to go see two girls teams? Panthers and trashers game nice going there Christian is earliest by the way square the time and man goes late They it's in the paper 12,000 they must have been counting everybody who lived within a 10 block radius There was a handful there was a few thousand a desperate souls there last night the Panthers played in Chicago last week in the smallest crowd ever to see a black hog scheme It said 10,000 in the paper. I am told by people over there if there were 5,000 they were counting the Usher's and the concessions people and everybody else How do you like that so I guess you might say the Panthers are to big draw You don't have to worry about that you will hear about them on our morning show You can be feel safe about that unless of course Chris Carter signs with the Panthers 10 27 at 5 60 WQM if your ball spot is getting bigger and bigger you know who looked pretty good the other day In the elevator was the Bob I agree you want to know why He went to Charles off eerie after all those years that I made fun of that musk rat that died on his head Bob Eisenberg he said okay, okay, I give up he went to Charles out theory. He looked damn near human for him And you guys can do the same thing because Charlie doesn't put a dead animal on your head He doesn't drill holes in your head so the blood will drip down your forehead He doesn't give you a dangerous pills to take that one to a goddamn thing so maybe make his sick He gives you the natural hairline system which makes you look better when you're good than you have in a cool zage And the deal is you mentioned the arages when you call they'll knock $200 off the regular price and you have nothing Blues, but that big gross nasty looking balls butt because if you were the system for up to 30 days And you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells if you're not getting raped at least four or five times a day Then Charlie give you your money back no problem at all So pick up the phone to get your hair back and look great like Bob Eisenberg Call Charles Alphayory toll free at 1-800-3212413 at 10-0 at Bob set about most numbers. Oh 1-800-3212413 or check him out In the web if you like at Charles Alphayory dot com Fuckin it out in the Everglades Had a bug and ran it around Give it to every guy in town I should have known from the bottom of the air I am now with a euro euro I'm on a roll always be with you To stay away from a surface soon And it took a closer to seen my eyes It's not the sense of a friend of mine He got back to know I've got it to So keep away from a surface soon Yeah Keep away from that girl Hope that the sooner we turn out Keep away from soon Oh She likes to see for us Yeah She's been with my best at home We didn't dare to start a trick on Now I'm afraid of falling off here's the world Oh You better get with it mister Not only is your cost all and I'm making a big deal out of his numbers over night You know what happened you want people do that people will say things like that Because people think that the numbers are gonna go down see so he's trying to cover his ass Oh by the way, the reason I've played that again scottin for a lot of nail I knew I would just play that field today, but it was very quest I can't turn it out of request on the day of my monkey's wedding I'll speak in a monkey's wedding Joe's getting married But anyway, he don't want to hear about the numbers because Because he figures if they're crappy then oh, I see it wasn't that important then if they're good I'll say oh, do you see that big number I got? And that's the way these guys working out full in anybody oh and somebody reminds me Thank you very much Andrew the reason you started the Wednesday company vets was because the anniversary of 911 Remember that and as a protest against all of that hysteria and then orchestrated national Morning and psychosis which you know enough is enough in my opinion We decided we'll give you all turn it over the only place you could go on that day on the anniversary of 911 this past September Where you could go you know have a few laughs and they know at least get away from all of that stuff What's the point of being in perpetual depression? Just like this thing now all the hospital news conferences have been canceled Ah damn it Christ if there's one thing I want to be able to put on here is a bunch of news conferences especially when the moosey man comes up Don't forget I bet you're round noon time don't forget That's generally the time when he's like ready to you know get us get us all gathered together and Give us a news conference tell us you don't know god damn thing but here's the latest message for you Loona took out there. Oh, I know I didn't for him it's for anybody who listen 205 votes on a poll. What are you thinking of way out of meals Wednesday new to one comedy, but sir? I love it 80 Like I said 208 I love it 84. It's okay 66 wasted time 32. I hated 26 only 26 people say they hate it How do you like that so what is that that's so 150 to a 58 That's about how Bill McBride's gonna be Jim Bush all of the new poll shows the bushes till 4 points ahead I think 4945 not too happy about that the jet myster 1035 at 560 WQM we got the mad dog Jim man is coming up at one from shulestake 2 Hank will be to show their asuelas also with clear clock Only we got Patrick Sir tan between five and six to seven now. Are you sure are you sure tan of that Patrick Sir tan will be there between five and six talking hardball with a crow We'll be on at seven other train monkey. Yeah seven o'clock and Then we got the 830 we got the world series game number three and a highman the giants although nobody On the station wants to talk about baseball because I heard mad dog yesterday say oh, it's a west coast thing a left coast The world series is the world series mr. Okay, and it's been Sintillating that second game was unbelievable 11 to 10 and then any K after the baseball game join Mark overnight Who don't care about their numbers okay? They don't care. That's what Joe says and small potatoes This story you just handed me this is just uh, what is it? Naja where'd you find out about this? It was on the other new stories from the BBC was on your bedtime stories Somebody's held the George course of I mistake actually Somebody said it to George Corso What is he confused? He knows about the family's male. What is he know about fat? We're both named George crushed flyer wins obesity payout Verged virgin Atlantic is paid a woman passenger $20,000 plus compensation after she was squashed by an obese person who said next were on a transatlantic flight Varva Houston from Swansea South Wales suffered injuries including a blood clot in her chest Torn like muscles and acute sciatica remains in pain two years on I love this so British lingo you know two years on The obese passenger had only been able to fit into receipt by raising the armrest which meant her body parts weighed down on Mrs. Houston The injured woman had to be admitted to hospital while saying so this one the flight touched down and was bedridden for a month She only got 20 grand Telling it what a dumb bitch Two years later and after pressure on the airline to take her complaints seriously virgin agreed to pay her compensation Before taking off a freelance writer to complain in the first instance of the cabin crew about seeing next to the overweight woman Who had booked two seats on a rowered bond flight to London but not on the return leg Attended school misses Houston the flight was full with no other seats available She said her experience in the 11 hour flight economy class had been horrific Mrs. Houston added as you that would be like being in coach between one of those three seat rows between Josh Friedman Then high boy and Jeff high Mrs. Houston added that she was now forced to walk with a stick Speaking of high boy and is still in pain It is reported virgin officials initially offered a small basket of goods were 15 pounds That's like about 40 bucks as compensation but Mrs. Houston look forward to to forward her complaint good for her you go girl After 18 months of pursuing your claim and undergoing medical exams by virgin's own doctors to prove the extent of her injuries The airline agreed to a proper settlement and anybody thinks that's proper your full of crap What you got a million A statement by virgin said Mrs. Houston's injuries rose from an unprecedented set of extremely Unfortunate circumstances we have apologized to Mrs. Houston of offered compensation Which he is accepted were pleased that there's now rich take inclusion said the virgin Atlantic people In the US budget US carrier Southwest Airlines and our charged larger passengers for two seats But the National Association to advance fat acceptance haha The National Association to advance fat acceptance has taken on airlines over discrimination against overweight people The level of obesity in the US is now of major concern but also in the UK National Audit office figures show one and five people are clinically obese and they want to five over there They're not doing close to us Probably to much spotted dick Vail of black Morgan's MP John Smith as father campaign against cramped economy class conditions Following a series of deaths from deep vein trombosis which have been linked along hall flights You're worth it aren't you that long those long flights you can get like plug-plots No, I didn't know that yeah, that's why this is just you get up and walk around a little bit Don't make any threatening movement, so it's not usually a two-minute idea these days Don't get up and start acting just a little bit Manimated right Probably not a real good idea He's dead New on the cartoon channel from the producer of SpongeBob Squarepants. It's SpongeBob no pants Just don't look at me You're probably wondering why we're standing here with a pile of body and no pants on do I have my pants on no plastic pants You gone too far at a time I don't want to wear pants. I can't just sit here at time for a chance SpongeBob no pants. I'm not wearing any pants No, I'm at 11 143 at five 60 13th shooting and this one is a deadie just gotta sure time ago You got right yes Gays go gaga over SpongeBob Squarepants. This is in which one of these are great templates. Is this in oh in the a star Don't you just love the star Quite as much as the inquiry, but I put it like a close second Quirky cartoon is a smash hit and spin off stuff is flying off the shelves see when you say smash hit you have to be very careful to pause and separate the words The latest icon of the gay community. Oh, and what is that all about oh and you know you ever We're seeing the thing that the silly Carlos is dick and without their in front The what is it kitty something kitty galore hello kitty? Hello kitty Yes, what a silly goosey is you know, they're gonna be the silliest fact that ever came down to play gay The latest icon of the gay community is soft and sensitive like stick hook is always neatly dressed and enjoys skipping a lot with his best friend Patrick He's also squishy and yellow and lives in the in a pineapple and a busy Patrick's a starfish He's spun a square Bob's what is it square Bob? Spongebob Pants Bob he's Chris and Chris pants Chris pants around a He's sponge Bob Square pants started the animated Nickelodeon channel series They playfully poorest bunches causing your commotion at the bottom of the ocean His joint kid friendly characters like pocket booktoting teletubby tinky winky Uh-oh and roommates Burton Ernie from Sesame Street as pop culture stars in the gay universe Although their creators all insist the characters are not gay When you grow up without your own culture you have to take things from straight culture and make them your own explains You're clothing designer Alex Fung 37 a huge sponge Bob fan There is innocence to sponge Bob. He's not very masculine for male character. He's soft. Oh, yeah I know some guys like that While the cartoons creator Stephen Hillenberg who's not gay Says he had no intention of portraying the crusty Crabs absorb and fry cook is homosexual Tom Kenny a chemical voices sponge Bob Says the character may not be the only sea creature in the closet. Uh-oh All the main character. Probably a few crabs in there too. I would imagine his boss has a better fact All the main characters are hiding horrible secrets of their own he jokes Critics say it's exactly that kind of offbeat humor from the sponge Bob and pals that's sucking in grown-up fans Even though the show is aimed at kids from age two to 11. Never seen it Of course you would cause you got kids kids According to Nielsen, I don't hear some knock-in down there. Do I? Is that a prelude from them? Star and a hockey and bang it again down there According to Nielsen media research about 22% of the show's regular audiences 18 to 49 years of age Kind like Rocky and Bulman Kuba non-eulie is good. I'm sure No and adult novelty shops from the York to Atlanta. We're putting that sponge Bob merchandise is flying off the shelves with gay customers Training for plus toys lunch boxes and key chains And Manhattan's Roger and Dave shop co-owner Roger Roth says his most popular item is a toy that cheers Ghost sponge Bob goes sponge Bob go self when it's hand is squeezed What? I've had to be rid of this more times than I can count says, raw go self What does that mean? I don't know Is that kind of like you go me? Yeah, I guess some of the signals that homosexuals are picking up about sponge Bob's orientation or that he and his friend Patrick Sensei of Chubby pink starfish. I thought those pink starfish were like something else Often old hands and watch their favorite show and imaginary TV program called the adventures of mermaid and barnacle boy Merband Flemurman It says your mermaid man trust me It says here in the star mermaid man and barnacle mermaid man. It says mermaid man where something it looks like a seashell Yes, he does and the voice of fussy squidward is very similar to the late gay comic Paul Lynn no question squidward is gay It may not be intentional, but gay fans are thrilled and show creator Hillenberg says that's okay Okay, I think he says think that the editor to the shows about tolerance. So there you go from the star We got a gray gay gray sponge in the most pants How much Bob is the very positive care probably there to absorb the overflow from the bang everything Dineros gay dead well, we got to get an our usual quote over gay banter every day We don't want to let the audience down the ones that wait for an out there Dineros gay dead drove him into acting Analyze this it says this is in the uh, want to make sure you know with the star also Analyze this Oscar winning Robert and your return himself into one of America's finest actors because his father was gay and a Perfectionist who repeatedly rejected his own paintings So says if you got the anniversary for us Joe This is the guy back in 9 11 2001 went out in the hallway and beat Gregory Red on the head and said we're not gonna run any more spots Are we you better get with him, Mr. Boots up real good that day and I always turn it to a pussy again That is what we're gonna get married you ought to be down there beaten Maddie Bell and Fat boy over the head saying hey And you'll want those hour by hour and so to why so I get my overnight numbers. That's only what you're gonna get him You just don't care he seems awfully indifferent Which you know with that indicates to me he's expecting a real big humble and all it says to me is expecting a real crappy book A real crappy book now, what you see that he can't keep a straight face why why is that? He's hedging his bets in fact, you know something if he does have a real crappy book that'll be a good excuse for the morning guy I think he's afraid the number won't be nearly as good. There's nothing worse as we know on this show There's nothing worse than a week lead in oh Man there is nothing worse than a week lead in But I think we got it down to a science now good job by Chris. Yeah, we just talk about Chris in the run See a joke. See I say how to go on a way. I'll give him a pat on the piece Can I get back to Robert and Aaron? How do we get distracted so easily Joe walked in so says a new book I've had a go back to this Oscar winning Robert and Error turn himself into one of America's finest actors because his father was gay and a perfectionist who repeatedly rejected his own paintings So says a new book that's been published in Britain The Neuro a biography by author John Baxter and published in Britain The author claims that as the young boy shutling between his divorced parents Robert and Virginia the Neuro watched his moody father put himself down and that ignite of the actors desire to be perfect I don't think he's perfect In fact, some will be easy. He's perfectly awful His father was important to him and his father wasn't recognized as his French actor and director Robert could ye I think Bob got to think I owe him one. I think I'll be I'm becoming famous was very important him to pay back his father for your father I think that as a lot to do with Bob's will to succeed Complicating his relationship with his dead even more was the fact that the Neuro's mother knew his father was a homosexual when they married and accepted it As Baxter for the Neuro acting may well have been a form of therapy as well as an attempt to come to terms with his amphivalent feeling toward his parents The Neuro's own marriages have been volatile and short-lived The 59 year old actress five children with three women when De Neuros father died from cancer in 1993 is some preserved his studio Is a shrine leaving an untouched and tribute the star who won Oscars for the godfather two and 1974 and raging bull in 1980 still visits the artist studio occasionally writes Baxter when asked if he and his dad were close to Neuro once said close In some ways I was very close to him, but then he stopped and turned away as his eyes filled with tears Not emotional don't you get like all choked up about that? Huh? No 233 votes on air folks about the noon to one comedy bit hour What do you think? I love it 96 It's okay 75 that's right there 171 if my math be correct It's a waste of time 33 and I hated 29 that's only 62 171 to 62 that's about the same ratio as you're number compared to the morning one between six and nine in a summer book Now what's he gonna say about that when we get the art you know something when we get the hour by hour That's the first thing I'm gonna do is we're gonna find the ratio between the number that George got and The number between six and nine a.m. Then we're gonna compare the ratio to what George is getting paid around here and what that To pay a renewal grumpy old man is getting paid Yeah, that's right And you know who we go to for justice because that's what we need man. We need justice around this place. We'll go to That's right and make him an offering can't abuse When that's silly s guy damn powdered wig George washed and we're a powdered wig What's that guy and that financial thing used to be on PBS? That's silly guy that got canned and now he's on CNBC The war powdered wig. Yeah, well close to it Louis Rookizer. That's what it's Never saw Louis Rookizer. He wears what looks like a powdered wig George washed and Thomas Jefferson the founding fathers Louis Rookizer and models in my people know with a powdered wig And then is it in Britain or is it in France or both were the judges put on those a little Britain's told us Yeah, oh my god. Oh, they're still being an a good good god Jim the feedy writes in a hurl today. Can you believe I got a bedtime story from the hurl he's good that Jim fan Have you ever seen a picture? Yes, man. Oh, man. He looks like he's bursting out of his clothing But if he goes to ZGF coin at the pizza loft Jeff will become because Jeff is a fashion plate He's having some good tips in how dressed properly Get a new look I think that's what we all need around here. You know two weeks from today. I'll be 60 years old and Jeff coin thinks I'm worried about a new look Okay, this look is what I got okay, and very good believe me, but I'd done by the me I got a couple options with your body type guiaberas or Hawaiian shirts In case you haven't noticed I don't wear guiaberas or wild shirts anymore once upon a time long before you knew me I did wear those all the time and also like some other fat people I know you never tuck in your shirt course not and you'll notice that I do tuck in my shirt Okay, in fact they call me the hallway father tuck or something like that Even when I walked by when I came in this morning I heard moly on hey talk you something like that Father tuck. I saw you in the bathroom once you were tucking. Yeah No, that was mo get raped Raped it Helping and guess who was in the toilet this morning when I was in there taken leaked skipy skipy Like that he was making sounds like that inside. How about it? Here cut? How could you tell? In fact Jeff coin told me a pizza law yesterday. He said that's skipy, but that guy's an idiot That's exactly what he said He's that Brian Schmutz's is a count representative of this AE his sales guy and now he's got skipy and he's not too happy about it skipy You better go over there and make uh make a apologies make a mens to Jeff Cohen Because he's been on here on his show for like 150 years of the pizza law He's gonna be pretty pissed off and fired up of you if you'd dick around with his account okay skipy Anyway, fact Jim defeat you rights in a hero to the good commentary It says helping inner city children not a priority of jibbosha administration What you looking for the teen calls outside the circling my car in his bicycle a few feet away near the corner 75 feet north Life 21st Avenue another group of young men walks with interest normally a white face on his liberty city block is looking for one thing crack Driving past the boy on the bike money after him. I pulled him to a parking lot for these Scott cover housing project On the second floor wallets Chester is just opening the horse for one of the two places in this neighborhood for kids to go and feel safe a computer lab operated by mad Dad's a nonprofit group that's been working in Miami since 1997 The local chapter of mad dad was formed following the murder of five-year-old Rikia Isaac who has struck down by a stray bullet while walking home from martin Luther King They parade initially the group patrol the neighborhood on bicycles But a few years ago expanded to provide after school activities for kids Although the lab is open all of the children in the hood Chester and his staff were closely with 50 kids Providing them with individual tutoring and math and reading to make sure the kids in their program are attending classes Even take them on field trips around the state just to show them that there's a world beyond the desolation of the inner city The most dangerous hours for a kid are from 3pm to 7pm. That's one most juvenile crime takes places Chester We're trying to give them something productive to do instead instead after school He loved to expand his program have another 50 or 100 kids, but he can't because of lack of funding in Recent years the legislature has had enough faith in Chester's program to a lot of $200,000 a year But every time the budget item hits the governor's desk jab bush vetoes it In his opinion mad dad's isn't worthy of support Chester's program is in the loan since becoming governor Bush's consistently vetoed projects that would help kids in the inner city When we were vetoed I just thought about the lights being turned off and not being able to keep the doors open Chester says I thought about the impact it was gonna have on these kids In 2001 after the governor's first veto Chester had a layoff everyone on a staff including himself Despite not being paid to continue to open doors that a computer lab so the kids in the hood could still combine use the equipment Four months later they county eventually came through with emergency funding to keep the program alive Chester doesn't understand the governor's priorities We're not doing our job as a states as Chester our schools don't have the resources they need It seems like we're more interested in building jails than we are building the schools It seems like it's more important to put together the task cuts for people that don't need them and spend money to help our children As Chester Chester Chates has said three more young girls come in tooting backpacks These are smart kids he says, but they're facing a battle out there every week. There's another shooting every day There were new dangers and what are we gonna do to give these kids a safe environment every kid deserves a chance Latricky Adams walks through the front door the 16 year old started with the program three years ago and now volunteers is a tutor for some of the younger kids Including 14 year old Albert Anastore Anastore is reasoning for being here as a sound as it is succinct I'd rather be in here than get shot. He says good column by Jim Defeady crappy governor Back to the old back battle Coming up tonight on inside behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story We take a good hard stiff look in the start-up. It only took one hit for then to burn their freaking song into our brains But it only took one man to bring them to their freaking knees They were after the fire Come to the round So we're recording the song right and I know it's missing something but I don't know what Leeds singer Jack Woffard talks about his so-called creative process So I'm singing out loud, you know don't turn around and just then the janitor is walking by and he goes And I go they're coming so soon down and he goes And right then I knew we had a hit unfortunately for the band So did the janitor run Bustum hey it was my uh-ohs that made that song so popular. I was making sh** Money is a janitor. I figured why not? Remem good run higher to sleazy lawyer who tricked the band into the paying run $5,000 for every uh-oh every time the song was played anywhere in the world for his entire life That oily little bastard. I mean 5,000 every time he goes Uh-oh We were broken about 20 minutes I worked in borders for crying out loud Meanwhile that is Hawaiian villa run the janitor has attained rock star cult status Which he openly uses to get laid a lot Oh Again wrong Uh-oh Oh After the fire they learned the hard way not to let a janitor go uh-oh in your song It's a big juicy stopping went look at show business tonight on inside the mind Somebody wanted the inside of a high-worth of knack and I couldn't find it so then I'll have to do for right now I couldn't find it. I mean there's one on every disc for like the last 400 of them So I look for it for whoever answer that that'll have to I think it's what it's what? No, it's not already looking there. It's not in the thing. Tell a George or something Anyway, I'm thinking about maybe you ought to call our good buddies. How soon could they be here? Which buddies? Ira Because I didn't bring my sack to the half hour to an hour didn't bring my sack is there a spot today for oh yeah There it is. What half hour to an hour? I would have died. Oh, yeah tell Ira We need some of those fant-filled sandwiches Sometimes I'd be over to I get home and I got all the stuff from the second I were refrigerator just calm down Troy Just calm down relax. You're not gonna be too happy about this article at all this bedtime story From c&n.com you're gonna be pissed off and fired up Has the planos gone downhill this season. Yeah, that has oh Ha, everybody doesn't love audiences here These sopranos back lashes in full swing and not just among the attended American any Deformation activist who fortunately or city mayor Michael Bloomberg to cancel his plans to march with co-stars Dominic Chenecy and Lorraine Bracko in the commissar parade Internet message boards have become increasingly crowded with grumblings like we waited a year and a half for this Even daily show wise guy John Stewart recently made a crack about how this season has been all that Sintillating see that's one thing about small bill. You don't hear anybody saying that course I'm sure you don't hear anybody saying anything because this audience don't watch small bill because it tastes isn't their total Okay Small bill just keeps getting better and better and better and the stories are good You know such is the fact that Clark cant looks as good as he does time modeling as swelling it's because it's a damn good show Got one jerk out there. It's always facts me. Yeah, you're only in a small bill because yeah, well, that's true But it's still a good show It says of course the show meaning the sopranos still has its diehard fans who defend it against anyone And there's criticized such an important work of art Meese is Bruce Fets of entertainment weekly at the CNN Bruce Frets. I fall somewhere in the middle The season's been a bit of a let down so far, but it's still better than almost anything else on TV He says Take the October 20th episode everybody hurts It was penned by Michael Christopher multi-santi and periodically who was responsible for this season's Nadya the Columbus for this season's the Columbus obsessed debacle Christopher But it was directed by boo Esteb Buschimi who shot one of my favorites of piano stand-lones last season snow bond dark comedy pine Virons not surprisingly everybody hurts was a hit or misaphir Suicide was the episode steam as is of the R.A.M. Song that inspired the title that tune wasn't heard But music editor Katherine Day act to make effective use of tracks by Billy Joel and Nick low Tony was distressed to learn from Carmella of all people that he's emotionally unstable Ex-Mrs. Gloria Trillo I had hangar self Tony confronted their joint therapist. I didn't know you had to have a joint therapist. That's what Steve M. said You confronted their joint therapist about why she hadn't told him what had happened Eventually Tony met a donation to the suicide hotline and Gloria's name But he's still seemed hot at fire memory more of the story don't date people you meet in your shrink waiting room Meanwhile restaurateur Ardy Bucco is written by echoes and about each one of these episodes I don't care you're gonna bore yourself silly reading those things and the audience Anybody know what was the show watch it. He says maybe all of these dangling threads will be brilliantly tied up in the upcoming weeks After all, we're not even halfway through the season yet in the meantime while it's still great these sopranos Ain't quite as great as it used to be then maybe painful to a mentor like the song says Everybody heard some times wasting all our time with all these boring non-events instead of resolving unresolved issues What does that mean? It's like a soap opera when they start a storyline and then just a never finish it Ah, like page lines like passions There's never been a show on history that drags things out longer than then they do it just to aggravate you It's like it's like they should have like somebody come out one of the writers and say Hey guess what this at good end for six months and we're doing it just to piss you off and you know it and you still can't turn it off Although I do miss Timmy very badly What did area and the Northgate park which is surrounding that wooded area that this tremendous search is still underway even at this moment Yeah, it's still underway even at this moment. What a surprise, huh? They don't own nothing Can you see the blood dripping from that thing? Uh, yeah, you can not blood. It's red. Yeah But I just a little boobo. I have on my neck I've had it for years and about once every six months about twice a year I nick it while I'm shaving you know you rip it open you No ripping it on but I just think it nails it and it bleeds you know and just bleeds you have to be I sure wish we had those stuff to stick the stifle whatever they call it Michael's specific I have a adhesive bandages now I don't need a bandages like dripping pouring blood out of there. Not yet I'm talking about the stippic pencil. Oh, those those those ones. Those ones I would though I have to they still I make those burn like a son. They work. Yeah They work they stop the bleeding and they stop all your circulation you just like like that Speaking of that what a great segue although I have to do the break Am I in the right hour even on this law? I don't know no Man, where the hell is this show going? Yeah, into the take according to them. Oh, that's right we got 40% less Train monkeys what an asshole, you know what I'm more on it and I've only that not only doesn't understand how to be to God But how to help can you be talking about other people's numbers when you don't have any more? That's the question another train monkey. Yeah Cool, how are you kidding mr? And for him to come on here and say oh well the Howard David show sounds is better as greatest that ever was Well, who the hell is he to be making that decision does he get any diaries? I don't think so see that's the problem That's the problem the audience isn't impressed by you telling everybody how great it is They want to hear something beside Chris and around me and around me and Chris for three freaking hours every goddamn day Okay See because it a fact that he's divorced to the dolphins now therefore it's strictly dolphin radio everything else is You'll notice it took it was took a little time But everything else has been phased out every other sport Not and that's just every other sport every other team We have three hours of dolphins radio between six and nine if you don't care about the dolphins if you don't want to hear a Rindey and Chris And even if you do care about the dolphins, but just want to hear the same crap every day forget about it Go watch it. Well, it's a planetary runs do something To watch CNN rehash in the same crap here. Tell you they don't know nothing basketball court apparently connected to the apartment buildings across see that Sports basketball court you know is the tying again? That was almost but not not quite but I was saying almost as impressive as an abstract that day Ten minutes after 11 at five 60 W to Q. I'm speaking of interesting substances Here's one you can pop in your post it'll do you good. It's called olio med Olio meditory informals are advanced combinations of fine olive oil the best you'll find With vitamins minerals or bulls and other nutrients specifically scientifically designed to provide natural nutrition solutions to help support specific health needs for you Look for olio meds three new formulas. They have one to help you sleep. There's one to help you it Controlled your weight and coq 10 which may be one of the most important things you can pop in your body I'm using the benefits of pharmaceutical grade olive oil Olio meds a great new product. It's available at publics. Eckred and Walgreens more more people are poppin it every day For more information call olio medit one eight six six o'clock. That's one eight six six six five three sixty six thirty three Check them out online if you like it. Olio meditory.com and don't forget If you visit your nearest publics and by an olio med product and Broward or Dave Counties you can get you a coupon for a free Larry Coker bubble head doll Well supplies last and don't forget to visit their sampling pivot in its fourth time every Sunday when the dolphins are playing at home Pick up free olio med samples and product information to start feeling healthy start poppin some olio med today Local this is five six three years old yours I'm eating nuts we've asked who wants to marry a multi million air and who wants to be a princess But now Fox is asking the question that is burning in the minds of everyone who wants to fuck against the rapper Five-sello-mission along with beating T and everty magazine Present the two hour extravaganza who wants to fuck against the rapper We've scoured the country to come up with 20 of the most fly booty wishes be honest And we're putting them all on one stage. I got what you want babies make me in our Graphs you won't want to miss this historic television event featuring performances by outcast and master And the host by the legendary show tonight who wants a fuck against the rapper coming this November to I'm 15 at five sixty and over to QA. I don't think I did a spot in last break. Good. I What there's there's a bleep in there. We have come down. Yes, okay, should I play it again? See be sure there's a back it up a little there's a nice Long in there you just relax. Okay. You're good one to talk mister. Who the hell you can my bleeps are flawless. Yeah, I bleep you And by the way, total George 11 15 at five sixty WQA and so Michael Jackson's got some problems in case you didn't know it I swear I didn't I don't even remember going into the break. I must be losing it my blood sugar must be down like about 40 I don't remember even going into the break It's not coming some kind of a time warp here. Jack goes knows explodes too Says the inquire Just in time for Halloween. It's the jack-o-lantern the girl. Let's take a look at the picture Look at that. Let's collapse thing. We just need time for Halloween. It's the jack-o-lantern the grotesque singers mangled nose and nasal area shock passers by Who recently spotted Lisa Marie's ex-hubby in the parking lot of the Beverly Hills region hotel and Beverly Hills As the inquire has reported repeated plastic surgery as damage Michaels Sniffer and the tissue when its tip has died the tissue in his tip has died gain green baby Now the facial fee and I scope here to be more frightening than ever But the good news is that the population nor all longer needs to make up to do his toilet number I feel like that. Vincent prices me proud And now we got another one. So I always put these together like and wait till we get to Justin Justin's instinct with a listen malanory Girl said about whatever Yeah, and by the way did not see man gonna be holding out the press conference at noon today. He's gonna say Like that all you media people you be stand out our hair and don't be doing this and don't be doing that and you shouldn't throw about that taro card But But whoever it is that we don't know who it is but whoever it might be that we're communicating with I want you to repeat the result as you can See when it's convenient for him. He wants to use a manipulate the media But when he wants to bitch him out went and doubt he cusses him out See he does have a good point, but it's too late now back when he's first decided that we're gonna use the military and use the planes where we're kind of area over kind of sons That's when a guy changed his little cow That's when there was a between a Monday and Saturday there was that long gap and he changed his whole plan. Why did anybody need to know that? We don't right Anyway, ex brother and law shocking claims Waco jacko beat up bubbles any bribe Lisa Marie and Debbie wrote a mirror him This is in the globe Michael Jackson truly beat and tortured pets Engaged in bizarre voodoo rituals and injected himself with a chemical to turn his skin white Plains his former brother-in-law Those who just some of the shocking allegations that'll be made in the upcoming book Tendedly called the Jackson family by Latoya Jackson's ex-husband Jack Gordon Gordon claims he'll rip the lid off laco jacko's closely guarded secrets Including the allegation that the 44-year-old pop star Rhybed ex-wives Lisa Marie Presley and Debbie wrote a meriam He paid Lisa Marie 15 million dollars to marry him along with a promise of a record contract says Gordon He never delivered on that music career Although Gordon has not found a publisher for his bizarre story Michael is furious over his claims vigorously denying them and both Debbie and Lisa Marie also deny his claims Michael says it's complete nonsense as a source goes to the singer He's telling his family none of what Gordon is saying is accurate, but These 62-year-old television agent claims he got a glimpse into the hidden lives of the Jackson family during his many years His Latoya's manager and husband. That's husband in life. I think I want to do with a quote right right There's six-year marriage ended in charges of spousal abuse and spousal arousal and a messy divorce in 1997 His most outrageous accusations of Michael's treatment of his famous pet chimp bubbles I saw him punch in kick bubbles in the stomach claims Gordon adding them when he asked Michael about it to start replied He doesn't feel it is a chimpanzee. I have to discipline him But Gordon who's battling lung cancer also claims he saw a monkey said on fire. I wonder if that was a train monkey You think I don't know say no another train monkey So a claim he saw a monkey said on fire during a weird voodoo ritual at the Jackson compound in Enceano, California 1986 Gordon also says Michael's lighter skin color is due to a liquid which the singer rejected I saw him do it 1985 he says the boxes were delivered to his house every day The Las Vegas show biz agent who managed Lorraine a Bob it promises more explosive revelations about Michael and his plan and upcoming Tom my book will uncover these see me side of the Jackson details globe. They're cruelty and obsessions But Michael's attorney John Brankas says Gordon's claims are fabrications consider the sources says I don't believe anyone Anything comes out of check Gordon's push is what he said You believe him I believe him every word of it and by the way speaking of our close personal friend In stink pop star just in timber like his talking marriage with an older he is gross man There's a picture of him here. I wouldn't touch him with mose hand Good, Golly I wouldn't touch him with mose to pay Man is he growtask He's talking marriage with an older woman is 29 year old sweety elicim alano, which got George very upset this morning That's all right. I'm over her she's She's gang she's not he's skank is the word used to be really hot Well she sure ain't she lost it she woke up on day and got a case of the Jason getrich. She got the ugliest Just in 21 and charmed star eliciv introduced their mothers to each other and friends say both moms have given their go ahead They're nobts. Oh, bye bye It was real warm family event when Justin listen their moms had drinks together At the Hollywood restaurant club Joseph's cafe recently revealed source close to Justin it was the first opportunity Just in mom Lynn harlus or that her list had to meet a lasenchee brought along her mom Lynn Isn't this great? And this is in the inquire by the way put this in a category if we believe it Lens opinion is incredibly important to Justin he's looking long term with listen out of his mom is given and the thumbs up Where do you think she stuck the thumbs up? He's a young guy but less is really turned his head she has this successful career of her own But now one that puts her in competition with Justin like Brittany did that bitch Justin listen their moms were seated at the VIP tables of the hip restaurant club and I wouldn't disclose Justin and listen made eyes at each other as they chatted with their moms and one point Justin picked up two beers Had it wonder will listen then the two blue and their bottles is if they were wind instruments and they were duetting on a song They were nose to nose and listen up to make you puke After the little performance they moved in for a kiss And what what is that? I don't I don't care you already showed me that I'm not interested I'm not impressed with naked the sluts While Alyssa and Justin hooked up just a few months ago just in secretly had a crush on her for years of friend of the actors revealed That was almost the first thing he told her when they met at the posh outdoor nightclub Falcon and mid-summer Josh told her sweetly you were my first love. I fell in love with you when you played Samantha and who's the boss? I used to fantasize about you all the time you were my dream girl Alyssa gave just an asexy knowing smile and said bye bye And said well, this is no dream and you don't have to fantasize anymore no After that first romantic meeting and by the way you think that our Carlos is ugly Which you're right? I mean Carlos is beautiful compared to this kid. Oh, yeah Trust me he looks he's like a Tom Brady compared to a just and tickerbell After that first romantic meeting at Falcon they started hitting clubs like AD and the lounge and slipped into the premiere of the new video game dead to rights together Alyssa also visited the set where Justin was making the video for his new single like I love you The world when romance is quickly become something far more serious said the source three years ago Alyssa was telling reporters that she planned to have children so whether or not there's a man in my life And I was there 30th birthday approaches inside of say Britney's ex maybe just in time and that cute little play on words there Alyssa's bringing her mother to me Justin and his mom is a momentous occasion to friend it I mean she's really sizing someone up and looking for a mom's advice since the list in Justin been together It's been one green date after another now the bets are gone for when Justin and Alyssa will walk down the aisle together Bye bye. Oh my god He's growed test And now let's get to the most important story there. I'm a while I held his back so far bedtime story about Jesus Christ Varial box maybe tied to Jesus family was that he's Zeus and Unadorn limestone burial box apparently bought 15 years ago on a Jerusalem antiquities market Maybe the oldest archaeological evidence of Jesus and the first object ever found that relates to a member of his family an archaeological journal on yesterday The box or osuary typical of those used in the first century of century to bury bones is inscribed James son of Joseph's brother of Jesus and dates around 62 AD when early texts say that James one of the first Christian leaders was stoned to that as punishment for preaching about Jesus How do you like that Jesus Christ? Andre La Mera. I thought he was a hockey player Nick can to Jacques La Mera Andre La Mera professor with these so-born in Paris and as first close in ancient inscriptions first saw the box Last summer after meeting the owner by chance in Jerusalem since then he and other scholars and scientists have checked the lettering stuff or historical Consistency and tested the surface of the car of letters to make sure they weren't forged in an article released yesterday by the non-sectarian Biblical archaeological review. I bet you didn't know the wasa to think it though The biblical archaeology review. La Mera pronounces both box and inscription genuine The only conceits. There's a small chance the osuary held not the James of the new testament But the bones of a contemporary with the same name. You don't think there was more than one James do you know Never in history It'll be extremely important if its authentic said Lawrence East stager a professor of archaeology of Israel at Harvard University Everything they put in this non-technical article seems to point in that direction Stager said that the discovery of the rules up would be important and it long stating debate over how accurately Christian texts depict the life of Jesus and would run scholars to take seriously to close provided in the new testament Of course you'll never prove or disprove the miracles you said but to give him an actual authentic setting of place in persons is no small accomplished Jesus Christ Attitude to the historical Jesus range from extreme skepticism that says he never lived at all made up story to those who accept practically Everything that's written in the new testament of bottom-stig where the most archaeologists work in between and we don't have a great deal of existential interest in how it turns out they're more interested in just understanding and recreating the past In other words was there really ever a Jesus Christ And did he ever steal a free train And did they have to really live in that sleazy manger that awful cheap motel don't you think Tombo that could help them out If Tombo to know and how important he was gonna be you know what the light on for us? He probably would have left the candle burn I've tell you we let me down today is that Troy Strattford just when you think one of our sales people is on top of stuff It's enough to be a real real but plug. He's an asshole. You know first you did with a brand these tag and I we got a pump in a park You think we have a new piece of copy for pump in a park? No, they're got nothing Troy leaves me like naked here today, baby and there are a few things in a world ugly or they may naked Maybe Justin even with clothes on he I'm serious. He is oh nasty looking Hey anyway if you're looking for a great time out Pompatoparks got live racing tomorrow night and three nights a week Wednesday Friday and Saturday lots of action Pompatopark with free clubhouse admission free grants and admission and free parking too Another we're in this time of the year we got to six for dining rope and up again the food there the other night was sensational Even fat rich was like smiling and smirkling that's his before he turned all written the face The race tracks the world right out on top of the park restaurant is open for the racing season and joining one of Chef Kirkwood A's nightly specials or pick your choice of fresh seafood great delicious steaks or some shoes desserts from the menu And of course the dining room is way up there in the sixth floor, so things get really rough It's not far the elevator to go up to the top and jump Pompatopark is open for live racing like I said three nights a week Wednesday Friday and Saturday Don't forget they knew early post time seven 15 the season and of course Simulcasting every day starting a noon seven days week from tracks all over the country all over the continent Every Wednesday still dollar night a Pompatopark would draft your hop dog sort of popcorn even large pretzel's only a bucket piece And if you're really nice Maybe Dick fine burger give you a betabied ounce program from 1964 like he gave me divinite do you think you'll do that? I doubt it Bob bullmarb any webster ready cop thanks dick Pompatopark in Pompatopark, which blocks other than I know. Don't forget live harness racing in its best three nights a week Wednesday Friday and Saturday 715 new early post time 5 You a Manage Sorry, are you sorry? No Come on You George All those years of fake and nice just a bet Always put it's out right on the cover Yes, that wasn't such a clever plan Stay in she'd have fun Come on My amit looking watching me 1132 at 560 WDQM Guess what we got coming up at noon today man one of our great features every day And I think we can live with this for a long time to come the moosey man who stupid yeah That's why we enjoy him so much. We're gonna get together with a moosey man and And solve all these sniper killings, which if you've been sleep at all more in a while We had another one this morning up there in Maryland in the burbs silver springs Buster I ever shot he's dead silver spring Maryland And by the way the inquirer said no, aren't we concerned since this thing is ongoing And evidently not anywhere near conclusion and spite of what moosey man You know what he's gonna say don't you're noon nothing nothing nothing He's gonna say absolutely nothing Snipery it's not random. This is in the inquirer It says investigators use satellites to track down serial killer Investigate is probably the washing area sniper shootings Believe the killer has a secret hit list of intended victims and that list goes all the way to the White House You by sea. I'm skeptical right on right back. You think that the bus now the FBI woman See how come nobody is conjectured about that You think that could have just been a coincidence it could have been but I don't know the inquirer has learned that the secret service entered the investigation in its early stages And sophisticated satellite technologies been employed in the search for the gunmen or gunmen who executed eight instance people are critically injured two others in the nine day period There was strong apprehension that the shooter may have been warming up to take out either the president another type of administration official Or a congressional leader said retired secret secret service agent who remains in frequent contact with the president's personal protectors These attacks were well planned probably even rehearsed Concern with so high that president Bush has been given daily briefings on the hunt for the sniper and a top law enforcement inside a toldy and Quarrow We have the best investigative assets involved in this and our profilers have indicated from early on They believe the ultimate plan is to take out the president or some other top political figure We believe the shooter could go out in a blaze of guns or bombs and take many many more with them Recently developed information indicates the possibility of two killers working in tandem We also believe that the target sites were pre-arranged and the killers practice their getaways And we've not been able to rule out a foreign terrorist connection We think this may have been rehearsed and that's why we've become worried about and attack on the president or other high-flow profile individuals We secretly began using a satellite to provide overhead pictures which are now being studied We've used military choppers armed with special infrared scopes to check out wooded areas There's been other evidence gathered in several crime scenes other than the shell casing and the Tiro card that were found the police are being totted A message scrolled on the Tiro card found at the set of one shooting read dear policemen. I'm God the other evidence recovered by investigating is including Toting into fine messages has not been made public due to the shooters demands that messages he sends not be publicly disclosed according to veteran FBI agent The shooting began on the afternoon of October. So what we know all of that and about the 13 year old kid Psychiatrist Andrew Hodges told Ian Quireer, this is someone who's very angry. He wants others to feel his pain He's not the typical serial killer. He's on a power trip at some point in his life as masculinity was degraded by an authority figure. Now he's out for revenge. Wait till you're this part. He may have been sexually abused or even raped by a male authority figure That would piss me off. You ready for that? It says he may have been abused or even raped it by some male or a table and raped me. Yeah, and the ultimate authority in this country's president Bush. It says another possibility investigators looking into was the shooter or shooters a sleeper Settle about catasympathizers terrorizing the citizens and gearing up for something big set of source the investigation The FBI ruled out all of its technological aids and a desperate attempt to bring this sniper down in addition to satellite photos taken from space That might pinpoint the killer's vehicle at the time of the shooting. They've also used computer generated three dimensional crime scene mockups and even brain finger printing The 3D crime scene replications aid potential witnesses in recalling what they saw and the brain finger printing a must-aid a sophisticated lighting tector that reads electrical impulses in the brain the FBI source explained by showing a suspect a crime scene recreation will be able to tell if he recognizes it and whether he's been there I like that. He says the case is the top priority right now. The full amount of all the stuff. Notice you see the beautiful job they're doing right. I do it. How about job man and Moose man's gonna tell us that it noon 24 minutes from now. Moose man's gonna be on there And one thing I noticed about him. He's kind of stupid. Yeah, I mean, I could be wrong. He could be like a genius, but you know, and press me too much and George is like yeah 319 319 votes on at pole. What do you think in the hills Wednesday noon to one comedy with sorrow? You like it. You hate it? You don't give a crap sort of the students were there did they come after hearing the reports or were they already there and just decided not to go home. Now actually they came here this morning and absolutely nothing. They'll talk to anybody that can find whose breathing or even close to it. They'll talk to plants shrubs Fire hydrants anything they can put a microphone in front of to fill up the 24 hours and you do understand this shooting occurred at 556 this morning There is nothing else going on this is even more all encompassing than Chris and Ronda around there or whatever is name. Are you sure? Yeah, around the increase non stop all sniper all day all day and Muff just came in and said like that just like that. He said hear those numbers. Here's Maddie Bell with him numbers What's the question? Nothing What do you mean nothing? You wanted to see if the fact machine was working Somebody's calling them bugging him that the facts machine isn't working the facts machine is working great. Thanks again Jose I'm sorry from laser MD and Hollywood. Nothing. Yes laser MD ink. Yeah, thanks again. Who's it's working greatly Work it better than ever. Muff. So don't believe anything that those guy I'm telling the phone. Okay, don't believe him for a minute 323 votes. What do you think of our new to one comedy looks like we'll be doing it again tomorrow because so far looks pretty I love it 126. It's okay 108 It's a wasted time 46. I hated 43 I'm trying to see it's a waste of time those are the people that want to hear like bedtime stories four hours every day people take things a little bit too seriously See what I'm saying? I don't want to take things too seriously because we're not going to solve the problems in a world here on the show Although I'm Mike I'm very glad that Jim the fetish story across my eye this morning About our uncaring obnoxious anti-human scumbag governor Jeff Bush How he can still be hitting the polls just is is mind boggling to me what kind of people would be voting for him for anything anything What kind of retardos it'd be voting for an anti-human sub sub scumbag whatever hell he is you didn't see the liver Yeah, those kind. Oh, those kind. Well, this is Florida baby. We got a lot of them. Oh my god. They're up and every goddamn tree And speaking of family tree take a look at that this functional family his what was that story about George P who did I say subsist with him now? Oh busy. Oh, yeah, Brittany's got a Ryan George P. It's a dark day It wasn't bad enough just in tinkerbell got you really psychotic, but now now she's in a George P book. And by the way. Hello George. Hey, boy, you ever see George P 21 till noon at five sixty w q a I'm let me tell you about balance for life right now I was talking to pony tail of pizza loft yesterday. He lost 40 pounds on balance for off. Did you know that? I had no idea I think that's what he said I'm pretty sure and he's also got his and or somebody. He knows also lost a crap load away on it And last week we had that series of great puck pieces on channel for news about it with Al Sunshine waving his ham hox hey out Fatso if you want to lose weight there's 80 zillion ways to do a very few of them that really work The thing with a lot of these programs is you got to figure out what you're gonna apply when you go shopping account calories and count carbohydrates And the zonedi it is very complicated and it's almost impossible to figure out what you can eat in the amounts in the measurements But the zonedi it is very effective for a lot of people which is why it's the centerpiece of the balance for life program But they figure it out for you. That's why they bring you all the food That's it. You don't have to count anything other than just pick out the choices that you want on a menu every day You pick out between two choices for every meal and they bring a little black sack in that sack is all the food for the entire day every day They deliver right to your work to your house wherever you want them to by six o'clock in the morning inside your little black sack There's a little bottle of water, but most importantly three delicious gourmet meals fresh not frozen not prefabricated Made with a vesting ingredients on earth and two delicious next to and like I tell you some days You'll say I can't eat all that food today just do it because it helps lose that weight So pick up that phone and call balance for life and pretty soon You can be distance slim as Jeff Cohen or you can look almost as lovely as the beast who's lost nearly 60 pounds already on balance for life Call 9 5 4 5 6 8 32 29 and tell Troy nice earrings 9 5 4 5 6 8 32 29 Or visit their website at balance for life.com Smart The Juniors You have gone to the leafy world To tell our allies of the greedy or the more But then he make you clean all the white house bathroom The top was in the toilet and then scrub the floor They tell you, don't waste sandals, don't go to the floor Your phone keeps going, they'll make them all over the kitchen You, you're not being naked But you slack, it'll be very cold If you'll be what you can be, that's what you can do Another train monkey One day while you'll be sleeping fast, hey, you may be alive That's it, dream you just like your ester room That's when your head will move from side to side Drunk the leafy world It's just bullshit from here, they be crack on asshole So, me ask you, would you like better Chris or a rendezvous 14 till noon at 5.60 WCU, I'm the mad dog from Shulaz at 1 Hank from Shulaz at 3 with Patrick Sir Tan Between 5 and 6, talking hardball with Kro Deshrow at 7 And then we got the world serious game number 3 at 830, followed by 80K And the Joe Mark overnight show and those guys are, see Joe's just putting on an act You know playing very low key low expectations And then they get a good number in there, overnight Hey, look at that green egg and if not, I say, we kind of know it, you know He's a humble boy Is he eating a humble pie, is that it? Not yet Redheads harder knock out speed of that. Oh, we will be carrying the press conference by the way with moosey man at noon We will? Why not? Well, what do you give me a look like that? Inquiring minds out there, people in their cars, people at work They want to hear what he'd be having to say We're all going to get together around the radio and listen to what he'd be having to say at noon Because you know, every time he holds another way he's press conferences, we get some real big information Everyone's saying? Redheads harder knock out, can you believe this? No. The genetic work that makes red hair red may also make caratops harder knock out in the operating room A new study suggests that people would naturally red hair need about 20% more anesthesia than patients with other hair colors It's a small study that lead confirmation, but it marks the first time scientists have like they visible genetic trait to anesthesia Dosis said Dr Daniel Cesslow the University of Louisville who studied me presented today at a meeting of the American Society of anesthesiologists In etiquette doses of general anesthesia, you can allow people to be called surgery or even wake up during it Problems that occur in one percent of cases Cesslow said You know what they had they have like a little hammer the hitch with if you wake up in the middle of the surgery they have like one of the little hammers If I will see he in the right head, that's why I walked in right there. He would head red hair. He would not have walked in If red heads require more anesthesia or not given more of the chances of having me called during surgeries increase he said Oh, Greg came in it with some weird bonus check and you knew contract. It's nice to see how my you know the scourge relations on a tremendous book Wasn't that bad was right? Look at this. Oh, George. Yeah tremendous job he said hey listen considering you know all things unequal sure better than last number the number five It's the two bad that the muff full those things out of the because I forgot that you were number five last summer pretty weak Determining a patient is more anesthyves is partly an art. Well, it's a story. It's okay. It's just a thing about red heads which I haven't version to anyway And I know many people feel so mad. It's not personal. Okay, if you're a red head don't say IG or just such a hard ass It's not personal. I mean you can't help it if you have red hair But I just had people with that red complexion and red pasty here. There's just something about it like a like carrot top, you know It just grosses me out then of course I look at a mirror and think well Anchorage Alaska bird the size of a small airplane was recently spotted flying over southwest Alaska Puzzling scientists the anchorage daily news reported this week The newspaper quoted residents and the villages of Tokyo and Manako Takah saying the creature like something out of the movie Jurassic Park at a win span of 14 feet making it the size of a small airplane Anyway, see what what can you say to him? Huh? I'm trying to be a nice guy and it's just I know Greg was in the doorway and he said oh George at first I thought it was one of those old-time auto planes the paper quoted Moses Koopchi at 43 a heavy equipment operator from Tokyo I could say instead of continuing to her be at bank to the left and that's why I noticed it wasn't a plane The daily news the largest daily in Alaska said scientists had no doubt that people in the region west of Dillingham had seen the wing creature But they were skeptical about skeptical about his reported size. I'm certainly not aware of anything with a 14 foot wing spin That's been live for at least 100,000 years the paper quoted raptor specialist Phil Shempa saying raptor specialist Is he like an NBA fan from Toronto? Koopchi X said the bird disappeared over the hill any radio tokiyach residents to tell him to keep their chillin in another local resident The pilot who initially didn't dismiss the reports said he recently saw the bird from a distance of just a thousand feet while flying his airplane The people in the plane saw him John Bucke was quoted saying his huge he's huge he's really really big You wouldn't want to have your children out Shempa and Robin Donald of the west fish in wildlife service. There have been several sightings over the past year and a half of a Stullers eagle a fish eating bird that can weigh 20 pounds and have a wingspan of eight feet. Wow like a dinosaur Dinosaur Man, oh you're gonna be upset about this. Well, maybe not maybe not because she's really grossing. She's got a nasty chin She's got a chin like Maria Shriver's matter of fact. Reese with a spoon. Oh, I hate her. Oh, good. She's a beast. Yeah, she's nasty Well, I make it a big deal about her. I don't like to do that Reese with his spoons nude shocker. Oh my god America sweetheart bears her boobs for Paul Newman Reese with this spoon is being called America's sweetheart after goody goody rolls and recent hit movies But she took it off for it all off for a sizzling topless scene with oldster Paul Newman and Racie Flick For she is nasty the film was 1998's Twilight, which replaced a spoiled teen who runs off the Mexico for some while living in a red hot sex A thing with her boyfriend portrayed by leave Shriver kind of a name is that her boyfriend is leave Sure L i e v is a guy's name Not where I come from now. Starag and the box up is smash sweet home Alabama Are we trying to pass off the nudity is in consequential, but that's not how I view her the film describes it With a spoon and Shriver have a steamy loves scene in the opening minutes as the viewer She's lying on a couch topless while he runs his lips down her bare breast to her stomach When Shriver goes to the bathroom, Reese who was then 20 goes into bedroom where 70 year old Newman playing a private eye sent by her parents to bring her home is waiting The camera frames her naked from the waist up as she walks into the bedroom says the viewer where she is shocked to find Newman would broken in earlier And of course, I wanted to think Paul's got any clothes on in this scene. We can only hope I'll find it. I'll find it and she walks in and says to Paul you call that a penis It's starting to see gorgeous reached topless and uninhibited in front of the camera But it's also a little unsettling because Newman is old enough to be her grandfather The legally blonde beauty only shows her breast in the scene, but the film's director Robert Benton says the script originally called for full frontal nudity What a seconding thought while with her She agreed to do that Benton says that they before we shot the scene. I told her I thought it'd be more appropriate to do it just from the waist up I think she was probably deeply relieved. I wonder how deep But she never said she was dreading it away. I think she was terrific That deep the star married while see Paul Newman's old is probably really filled up by now the star married actor Ryan Philippe and mama three-year-old Ava Confessed that it wasn't that difficult to press around half naked actually was liberating reached 26 I was frightened that at first that I got to the set and I thought I'm not embarrassed about my body Maybe my chin, but not to rest in my body My ugly face yes, but to rest in my body. No and when she makes faces like when she grimaces It goes to a whole new level. Oh Speaking about me a broad And I look at this. I see I don't want to criticize the media because I know they have a lot of hours to fill up But it's it's reached it's reached the new level of desperation They now have what what's the guy's name John? He's the CNN house doctor. He does all the medical reports This is the second time I've seen him on her this morning. He has a Thing the model he has a lot of human inner ins of the guts Any showing us where this victim this morning the bus driver was shot now the guy's dead Right does it really make a difference where he was shot? I mean we know he was shot on the bus Right, but does the make a difference where in the abdomen he was shot? No, not at this point or even before no because now he dead remember Reagan's colon Yeah, but Reagan was the president. Okay. I remember long before you were born Eisenhower had his good bomb movements after his heart attack in the on the front page of the newspaper President had two good bomb movements today. We all said holy crap. That's good, you know But this guy I mean he was a bus driver. He's the latest victim. It's a grotesque horrendous story But what is this add to our to our understanding to our knowledge? It fills the target. I see right on Reports Martha may fire a phase charges right federal regulators reported they are set to recommend filing fraud charges against Martha Stewart The home decorating entrepreneurs been on scrutiny for possible insider trading violations related to where sale of Imcomb system stock that's Martha no relation to the former maple leaf and New York Ranger run steward The Wall Street Journal and financial time citing people familiar with the matter said staff of the SEC of told Storthy agency plans to recommend filing civil securities fraud charges against a connection with their controversial stock sale last December So what a great state. He give you like a bass song give you a big hug slot me on the back slap down a back. Give you a big hug. What do you say? Hey Already played it. Oh George. Oh, there you go. He didn't say nice job Oh, he might have but I forgot it was Storthy old nearly 4,000 mcl shares in December. Day before the company's application for the canceled drug urban talks ran into a regular tour I heard let's send mclone shares diving tumbling puking their guts out Storthy is denied receiving any insider information out of the sale saying she had a longstanding remodeled a broker to unload him clome when a fellow of 60 Oh George before passing the matter on the justice department congressional investigative said that the various accounts of what happened from Storthy or brokers and Sam walks of the former Inclone CEO and friend of Storthy don't add up The sale is taking a big toll on the companies she hit on the company she had shares of Martha Stewart living or down 54% this year all right and for whatever reason we all we all despise Martha Stewart. We I mean like rosy We know why we can't stand rosy She's a disgusting like fat nauseating just what they accept though everything about her physically You know a broad but Martha She's just a smug bitch. I think that's the thing we don't like goody two shoes pine cone painting bit smug bitch 1156. Oh, we got the moosey man stand up. I'll be along. It says right there noon And he don't muck you right now. He might postpone it or cancel it 20 or 30 times because he likes keep it as hanging on the line, you know moosey man I See, I don't know what they'll I'm doing now. I must be on drugs or something day because I keep getting weight ahead of myself What I don't know I don't know I keep like throwing out. Yeah, I'm doing the right thing No, I I don't know what it is today. Maybe I'm just anxious to get out of here because I feel just anxious to get out of here So I can go do some research and find out those R by our numbers We should happen tomorrow. I'm disappointed. We don't happen today I'm really disappointed Maddie Bell fat boy and aren't the sales people even tomorrow for Vegas I don't 23rd to the 30th. I believe is there reward for making budget the July and August They're leaving us So I guess we'll have to end Maddie Bell button up and go on and trip because then if I asked her the numbers Oh, well Maddie's not here. Somebody better be here to give us those R by our numbers tomorrow So we can like readjust report to your paycheck one of our two Petes in fact readjust said he said we're not gonna be a portion your paycheck. We're just gonna reportion mows paycheck We're like size it down like to less than half a year Which I think would be very amusing all right three minutes till noon at five 60 WQA I'm let me tell you what's not amusing. That's when your carpets get look at and spelling really funky Okay, when you're really nasty and even the best carpets in a world when you do a lot of schlepping around the house and drop in stuff Animals and slabs and slobbering and stuff on the outside Dirt and mud and crap your carpets believe me it gets way down there in a fibers your carpet every time you walk around on it It's like grinding it in there like rubbing salt in your womb So pick up the phone and call my good friends at dry concepts They will come in and drag clean your carpets and they'll do us to pennus unbeatable job I guarantee it because they dry clean just like clothing and suck out even the deepest down dirt in the fibers your carpet Which makes them look just like brand spankin new makes them stay cleaner longer Which eventually makes them last longer to and they smell lemony first the couple of hours you ready to rock and roll again And they give you a written guaranteed price before they start the job no matter what they do for it Whether it's carpet cleaning furniture cleaning drape cleaning spot dying proper protection Carpet repairs in Plinore and the rug service the authorization or if you have a flood complete water damage restoration to don't forget to go to website right now, too www dot dryconcepts.com and you can check them out on ed if you like but take my word for it or George's word or my mother's word where everybody I know's word because we've all used them and we love them They're the best in the world call dry concepts in Broward at 9 5 4 3 7 0 7 7 7 8 9 5 4 3 7 0 7 7 7 8 and data Palm Beach is a toll free call 1 800 2 4 8 5 0 7 1 that's 1 800 2 4 8 5 0 7 1 clean today. It retained tonight with dry concept You Am It beaded well the war now or on wq a Right To George Come on three at five sixty wq a more waiting for the moose man here. I see his Bob Frank at on CNN's cause breaking news is raining breaking news They don't know what goddamn thing Had another rest I appreciate in this morning up there in Maryland and silver springs guys dead bus driver Would an area behind the bus the waiting area there the bus stop Does how methodically and successfully he pines and escape route again? This was an area with the web of sign. Absolutely nothing but the moose man was supposed to be able to press conference You're thinking he's gonna be delaying it again doing and you can everybody He's gonna be in everybody's chained and luxury in the media again and saying oh, yeah, but don't forget You got to repeat this message is often as possible. I thought that was like I don't know. I mean I realized what it was doing Let's get serious. He wants to have it his way. I know he wants to have his taters and eat him his way Well, we'll just continue flying along here while we're waiting for the moose man to come out and set up Because they certainly got no information about anything and don't forget all sniper all day Everyone of the time let's take a look. Let me see what what numbers MSNBC on here on the cable on this thing. Oh, I don't know you don't know I used to know is Fox 7 when news is 56 and guess what's on there? headline news 56 Saturday night and now we have for the first time in very early morning shooting Okay, and what about? MSNBC is 63 63 is MSNBC This particular area which may answer the question is to why for the second day in a row Certain areas here. I'll give you the name of them Chesterfield handover and Riko Richmond Goodsland, DynWitty and French George's county have already canceled classes here for the okay, and what's the other fox? We have any idea what foxes on this. I got for a second. Okay, 46 for Fox on major thoroughfare Georgia Avenue which becomes 16 all sniper all day. Thank God. They're ain't nothing else in a world going on obviously it's a big story But these people see that pull we took yesterday. This isn't just a feeding frenzy Whatever's like about a hundred thousand times beyond feeding frenzy That's what these people are in and I will say it for him. I mean you've got to give him credit for filling up all these hours with nothing with nothing Lot of talking heads a lot of the same people the fifth beetle boat deagle he's on there and he keeps talking about how big it is in a gun to you know I don't I don't know But all I can say is oh George 361 votes on a poll. What do you think of the hills Wednesdays noon to one comedy, but sir, which I guess is safe for tomorrow? I love it 139. It'll love it. It's okay 120 waste of time 51. I hated 51 So it's 250 oh a 2 59 to 102 man That's just about that same ratio as your numbers in the summer book to moes Oh and twice draft for by the way said there would be pretty embarrassing numbers in the morning all of our sales people It's unanimous mo. See you want to blame just us Rift us this morning, which is fine. That's good. I wish I would have heard it. I wonder who was by name probably not I wish I would have heard it. That's awful when everybody knows it's the beast fault That that's right now that we got the beast out of there. I bet you they get up to a two five no to think two one Well, what's that? What's that you just got him mr. Rogers rap is a serious thing. Why are you doing this on the daily basis? Oh? Thanks, Mo Good, golly Miss Molly. Well, the only reason that we started talking about rap at all was because we'll chabble in rap Yeah Six minutes after noon at five 60 W Q a m victims of clerical abuse urge American viships to stand up to Rome Stung by the Vatican's criticism of a clergy sex abuse reform policy a leading victims advocacy group Asserting American Roman Catholic Prolet's to stand up to Rome Outside Catholic churches more than a dozen US cities Sunday members of survivors network of those abused by priest snap Hand it out leaflets calling on worshipers to demand to removal of abusers regardless of what officials in Rome say and they are Virtually every bishop has come under fire for protecting molesters said David Cole has seen national directors net Maybe it's time to come under fire for protecting kids The action coincided with Bishop Wilton Gregory's reiteration of his belief that the Vatican is not rejected the hardline reform It's a little bit of summary Dallas by the US Roman Catholic bishops Gregory present the west conference of Catholic bishops and bishop of the Belville and Lloyd dice is return on the Sunday after a week of high level meetings in Rome after week of being high and Rome Gregory downplayed the Vatican's criticism of the sex abuse policy saying there must be a series of conversations about three troubling aspects before it can be approved He said the Holy sea will not make a final decision on the policy until after a joint see that comes in here again He was high in Rome and I was talking about joints a joint US Vatican commission works out the differences and that's and you know something I was wondering what that smoke was they blow out of the Vatican there was never any doubt. Yeah When in doubt they're getting smoked out The Vatican said Friday was troubled by aspects of the west plan to permanently Outstall known abusers other trouble spots include the policies definition of sexual abuse and the role of local lay review boards There are supposed to advise bishops on abuse cases Gregory said the names of the four US bishops who will serve on the commission will be announced this week and we can't wait for that Nevertheless, that remains unconvinced at Rome will be satisfied with minor changes critics said it before policy has been gutted Gregory will say the commission is tweaking the Dallas charter close. He said, but that's desperate spend doctoring the Vatican Objections are clearly at the very core of the Dallas charter That's right. We did our dog and pony show. We did the window dressing now cut the crap get serious Because after all isn't the Pope is need to find a ward on matters of moral and oral and anal and first their last that's right the buck stops there That's what he said will change well and rate me say now we don't think that's funny at all Why wouldn't a George is laughing though for some reason, but it must be because chief moosey is like a little bit like we better do the break right away Now though because we don't want to miss the moosey man. They show on a microphone support him Even it's afternoon and let me tell you about olio madray now pops him in your pussy can't hurt It's a great combination of pharmaceutical grade olive oil combined with vitamins minerals orables Other nutrients scientifically designed and balanced to provide natural nutrition solutions to help you for various parts of your health Like we've been telling you for a long time now. Be sure and check out olio meds three new formulas They have one to help you sleep one for weight management and coq 10 I'm using the benefits of pharmaceutical grade olive oil coq 10 by the way great for your heart and great for your pulse rate Olio meds and outstanding new products that's available at public's efforts in small greens column to get more info about olio Med at their tool free number 1 866 olio meds That's 1 866 536 63 or check them out on their website Oliomedamerca.com and don't forget if you visit your nearest public's and purchase an olio med product and brow at a Dave County You can get you a coupon for a free Larry Coker bottle head doll While supplies last don't forget to visit their sampling for video and it's forced on every Sunday with it often to be playing home games Pick up free olio med samples and product information to pop some in your post today olio man And love this is for 25 60 Would can't keep his packer in his pants Hey, win it's John Walker-Lind the American tall band Let's just say without getting into specifics. I'll be very happy when this year is finally over I'm facing 20 years in prison. I'm coming in terms with the fact that I'm a traitor I'm even starting to deal with issues of abandonment with my parents But that's not the worst of it dude. Today. I'll pick up the paper and they keys me if there's no delky way to save this Snoracle and pack a standing weaness They say I was the lover is some business dude named Kizarre Hayat I will say this I'll remember this guy Only slightly I think I met him in Frisca while I was getting my high-coinic You know you don't want to mess the house when there's a chance of unexpected company But this whole thing is a real bellywaggle bra after reading the story and answering 4 to 500 phone calls for people asking me to give sideclops a back-roof I finally realized this might be my father Or maybe it was me I sure so couldn't do it now though I'm so freaking loaded with so often my compass is permanently pointing south I'm not ruled out the fact that I could be turned on by some man can Like I'm not saying I wouldn't check this guy out in the shower Remember a towel bin We can take showers deep. I couldn't run from the stink and me fast enough So to survive Not quite sure the story is accurate not quite sure it's not Okay 1215 at 560 WQM press conference momentarily now what were they finally revealing to us? I guess they're letting out groups and drives of information The note that was found behind the punter rows of stake house The threat by the sniper was that if they don't meet his demands which is not told us what the demands were he's gonna start shooting children Yeah, that's the first time we're here in that Lovely and How am I if you're like living up anywhere in that area? You're gonna be sending your kids to school anytime soon. Oh no to school about out of the house now exactly and then they're never even across my mind Like down the store of the a 711. I don't think so Pretty scary craft man, but the most man will be out any second out of probably make us feel a lot better about don't you think no About life in general and the great job that they're doing 373 votes on a poll today. What do you think on the old Wednesday noon to one comedy but sir? 141 say I love it 38 percent They love it and the hour two. It's okay 1.28 34.3 percent right there 72 percent guy damn it It's a waste of time 52. I hated 52 which is 27 point like I said overwhelming overwhelming There's a bodiedle of fifth beatle you know you have a lot of copycats and you also have a lot of people who want to insert them into this investigation But they said the evidence does line up with that original tarot card and again I said remember the tarot card said I am God that kind of takes you away from any kind of Muslim fundamentalist to say to word God If your Muslim fundamentalist They got his out So we take your words God is a sacralidious thing for fundamentalist like that So kind of takes it's also a sacralidious thing to be going to script up like all those runs that were down here in Florida We're doing so what does that have to do with anything vote detail. We take it away. You're not the fifth beat. Okay Man I'll be six but fuck up But they don't know what they're talking about in this to which what does he an expert about because he used to be a cop He's an expert Man, oh man Well, let's just continue because you know the moosey man he could screw up the Pope Supreme court refuses to revisit execution of teen killers All right A bitterly divided Supreme court refuse just to consider ending the execution of killers who are under 18 when they committed their crimes For justice is said the court should continue a re-examination of the death penalty begun in earnest last year The court recently abolished executions for the mentally retarded The court passed up a chance to reopen the question whether executing very on killers violates the constitution's ban on Cool on unusual punishment. So what do he say about speaking of people who aren't too sharp about Greg? He said he's gonna be working on the thing with Norman said. That's wick There you go see I told you if you just relax I'm relax the guy just had a death in the family. He's under a lot of pressure. He's under a lot of stress He I look I was but needs a little extra time to make up some stories He has to take a look at those numbers and examine what the bad mistake he made there in a morning Now did he have any comment to make about those morning numbers do you? No, not to me. I know but I noticed when I made some comedy was truckling in Chordling He was tortlling in chuckling. Oh, I He's a funny The practice of executing such offenders is a relic of the past and is inconsistent with evolving standards of decency and a civilized society Roachus is John Paul Stevens joined by justices David Souter Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Stephen Breyer who we still have his ice cream We should put an end of the shameful practice, but Too bad they lost Currently states had allowed the death penalty may impose it on killers were 16 or 17 at the time of their crimes and they will continue doing that I don't see any problem with that to you because one like I've told you before once you're dead You're dead for a long time or whether the person who pulled a trigger was 16 or 17 or 110 It doesn't make a goddamn better difference or if they were crazy And if you can tell me that being 16 or 17 you're all the difference between killing somebody You're not killing somebody then you're limited someplace that I don't want to be in you don't say six you know the difference Now you're living in a country with about a crazy people with guns, you know There's wolf blitz grig who says federal law enforcement authorities are Working under that assumption they're clearly going through all of the motions that they've gone through so many times over I seriously I and I history of the human race. I mean least during OJ There was ongoing stuff going you know what I'm saying There was the DNA evidence that we're like different angles here There is nothing happening you've got somebody gets shot and killed or goes to the hospital and is in critical condition And and then they tell you about well that somebody heard a loud sound or somebody heard what they thought was backfire And that's not a bullet when a gun is shot, you know, that's not like a major bullet and that's it That's basically it which they could say then about 30 seconds And yet they're managing round the clock what is bodiedel again you made with that letter with the evidence showing that it has Some similarities and some identifiable Markings on it we have to take it I don't I think This sniper attacks and murder attacks have to do with money. I just can't believe that this person is going along killing 10 shooting 13 now all of a sudden it's coming out that he wants money We have to cooperate any way we can to get some kind of communication with this psychopath If it has to be communicate with cryptic signals then chief moose has to do that and I Didn't come chief moomoo because we don't have anything else so you got to follow up on it And we're hoping we're hoping and praying that this site a psychopath makes a mistake this coward makes a mistake And then we're able to capture book we have to go along with any evonoo that we have and that's part of the investigation Now I want you to interpret for me because he's not very articulate to say the best what what did he just say? I have no idea I'm just I'm speechless I've really just said right we got to get this coward and we got to go along with the investigation And we're to help Steve moosey that's what I'd like to know see they're just vaping now Just stalling for time Very depressing when we expect a moose man to be out there North Korea issue or it's Congress Or is that that's something it doesn't have to do with a sniper. I'm sorry This is from Washington Post the White House with held North Korea's admission about a nuclear weapons program from key Democrats until after Congress had passed It's resolution authorizing over the rack prompting complaints on capital health at the administration's let politics influence its conduct of foreign affairs To East from an easy election, by the way on you dark folks out there vote 20 30 times against the Jeb Bush Several senators said to their aid that defense secretary Donald Rumsfeld did not mention North Korea's covert nuclear weapons program during a classified briefing Helled and they secured chamber less than three hours before two senior administration officials revealed the news in the conference call with four reporters Senate majority leader Contendational such as he is city learned about the weapons program from newspaper articles the next morning and said inform relations committee chairman Jewel Jew Biden Jr City was told about two hours ahead of the press At least two Republican senators said they earlier received individual briefings from asses and secretary stage James Kelly Democrats on capital hill were critical of the 12-day gap between the admission by North Korea and the administration's disclosure During that time Congress passed the rack resolution and President Bush signed an hours before the seven p.m. the Slogu herbounard Korea and administration officials said they revealed the information because former Clinton administration officials had leaked the news after learning for about it from state department context Democrats at the episode could further impair the administration's already fragile relations with Congress How do you like that? Hitman the dark give me the vote. Say you know do step in line and then all I guess what we forgot to tell you But of course we're not going after them because they do have the weapons see right We're not going after anybody who does have anybody that might someday have well when and that will wipe them out Like Pakistan see if if it's me Pakistan's number one on list book is what they already got to bomb all of when and out cross them out our group post personal friend who shop the sheriff And that is named yes Meantime who's this group ball with a beard on here? I'm hoping to get some information for you before one or clock, but it's not not looking too good Well, I was I was actually growing up in New York City when the son of Sam well good for you, okay? Isn't that great? Looks like you didn't make too much progress looks like your growth was stunning lose the stupid beard to why you're at it Shmuck He was growing up in New York while David Berkowitz was doing his thing, okay? And did the messages with Jimmy Brezlan member that in the column he's then they did daily news in those days Yeah, great This ain't the summer say a summer some of Sam This is some some of a bitches what this is that's right And they're just desperate then we're hearing about Andrew Kune and Johnny Versace and this one and now one and this one did this and again There's starting last night again. Is it a serial killer or a spree killer when they start doing that? I want to shoot my TV screen out. I'm serious. What kind of a rifle you can use to do that a serial killer or a spree killer Why I first of all what difference does it make who gives a crap? Who gives a flying crap? Well, we want to do that psychological profile you couldn't profile a guy named frog the croco. Okay, you haven't got any idea What's going on here Look at the way it's going we have a who killed Sean Ra who killed Cockroven where's Osama where is the mollible Omar Where's uh What's your name little girl Elizabeth smart right young man. Hey who killed John Beney who really killed What's your name near what tell us your name which one? OJ's wife and this brown Denise see I forgot her name who killed them who's the real killer Come on OJ get off the cloth course and help us find a real killer you some Oh Nicole the knees. Who killed the girl. That's right. See you. You had a memo on that because she's on a side out of mind. Okay How to side out of mind at them the collision. You're gonna say she had to come into a f***ing bit Kill Nicole and Ron. There's all of these mysteries all of these puzzles Which we don't seem to have answers to how about and you were almost forget about it. How about the answer? Oh, haha We got any clues on that we just had the article here a few days ago about the fact we're not one Iota closer to sovereign Ed than we were a year ago How about that? That's still guy. Yeah, he's a field. I'll tell you one thing. He's the person of great interest Yeah, we haven't got any clue Who did that nothing? And you people are got a some of your goose step to the polls two weeks from now and vote for any of these assholes. I say nobody vote Except unless it's against your bush other than that forget about it And you wonder why young people don't vote. Why nobody wants to participate in this crap? We got a bunch of mumbling incompetence running around and every couple of weeks we get another story about well Just like the goddamn tanker. They French tanker. They blew up. Remember that's there from yesterday right? See, I think what they're expecting is like maybe they should give the CIA and the FBI and the everybody else in the SPC Like like our roadmap and a compass and like a date and a time This is what we're gonna do. This is when we're gonna do it now see if you can catch us and they probably still couldn't do it Just like this guy damn Keystone cops thing yesterday with a two illegal aliens in that white Many van Two beaners looking for a day jobs and they're all surrounded there like like this guys because some kind of a moron Like he's gonna give them the phone number to a goddamn pay phone that anybody could find out where the location was and be there in a specific time Yeah, but how about those polaroids? Oh, oh, yeah, I still think about that one about a must thing Because when I see a Mustang in a hall I feel I get physically ill when I see any Mustang 26 after noon it fought because Mustangs are fine for like teenagers and then people who just never outgrow them 26 past noon is that Miguel sir? I don't understand he has one. Oh my god. How sad? How sad somebody who looks as good as him can't find somebody to buy him a better car than that? Let me tell you right now. Maccreish shopping is Is a total wasted time baby. Don't be sloughing that mattress see this another thing too. Not just not getting any sleep But if you're like screwing your brains out on that mattress like Miguel is doing and two buddies is never any company But anyway, you're screwing your brain. You know why like have a lumpy monkey old mattress Might even fall right off the edge at the most in opportune scorch court time. That's right So get you a great new mattress from our friends at dialometres. I use them all the time for years now Been using these people every few years you finally say hey this mattress is pretty crappy and it don't smell like that anymore Either call 1 800 mattress right now gives you the ultimate freedom of choice the top brands in the world I got service to be Simmons King coil no store in the universe can match their exceptionally low everyday prices and No store anywhere would even think about offering in this kind of service They deliver what it's convenient for you any day the week seven days week you picked it to our window 11 to one 123 2 to 4 5 to 7 and they'll be there. It's unbelievable and they give you that 30 day in home Comprehensive to check it out the right way by sleeping and doing your thing on it So if you want to get a sensational my sleep tonight and every night for a long time to come call dialometres right now The little at you down call 1 800 mattress 1 800 ma ttr ES or check them out on the web at mattress.com My There's the most you man measures were implemented crime scene was searched This point we have no Vocal lookout to share we have no person look out to share Because Mr. Conrad Johnson is the Conrad Johnson It's the county employee Like to ask the county executive to Make some comments and certainly wear all satin as we are with any loss of life She figured this is a terrible loss of life today for one of our county employees almost a 10 year County employee with the right on bus service that we provide in the county and I want to send my deepest sympathies. We deeply mourn the loss of this Gentlemen and it's I was at the hospital meeting with the family extended my sympathies to them And it's very close to home but with any of these murders that we have seen Any loss of life is real tragedy for this entire community I would ask that the community keep This victim's families in their thoughts and prayers as they have for all of the victims and their families of the last few weeks And would ask that people respect the privacy of this family as they go about their grieving process. Thank you The law enforcement community is looking at this situation Certainly very similar to other situations that we've been dealing with as a region Evidence listics will be gathered So what determined if this situation is linked? We will have that work done and when it is complete Didn't that will be shared We remain concerned about the safety of all the people in our region We realize that the person are the people involved in this Have shown a clear willingness and ability to kill people of all ages all races all genders all professions Different times different days and different locations Certainly encourage everyone to remain cautious vigilant about their activities to remain observant Anything out of place Anyone driving away from an area erratically Anyone behaving Strangely or in a way that maybe is not themselves But we also want us to remain resolved to remain focused Very resilient Americans were proven to be resilient time and time again As people try to threaten our way of life Try to threaten our freedom As individuals and our freedom as a nation Certainly very difficult plea With all of the violence among us But again we must Practice our individual freedoms Remain resilient as a nation Yeah I like to join Mr Duncan and asking everyone an out community to put the Thoughts of Just a Johnson and his family all about victims in their minds And that we do everything in our power to give them their privacy In their moment of loss We will try to Take a few questions But again I would hope that we do it in a orderly and respectful fashion With whoever it was That's a bit of another method You have another method now For the first We're regards to Communication Sir anything that Relvented to the case that would be inappropriate to talk about and at this point I Do not have any requests For you as a media to take for a few message Keep moving From with there some confusion this morning about the location of the shooting that this Complicate and slow the police and medical response to the scene I am not aware of anything that Prohibited the response of police and medical to the scene I was very proud of the response everyone Did the kind of things that we talked about that we breathe them on We forgot our response Any relevant information from witnesses this morning that you might be able to share with us Sir has been our practice to not disclose anything from Any witnesses We certainly continue to work with those individuals and I was trying to be clear and saying that we have no person look out to share and no vehicle look out to share from regards to get it out in the community That warm Some of the published reports are part of the night and I just tell the side there can you confirm some published reports Would say that you have a in one of your notes that was picked up at the controversy state pass that this gentleman is or whoever is the typically targeting School children Or threatening the target Structure many a lot of money stop doing work for Great bread threatening I realize you want to get school children But if you confirm it or are in light Was there I tried to be real clear that we feel like all of the people in the Washington metropolitan region are Must be on the heightened alert that these And the people in this have shown ability and willingness to kill people of all ages All races all genders Different times a day different days of the week And different professions So I think that that has been real clear No children specifically mentioned in the letter. That's what the question is, sir Respectfully that's what we want to know You're dealing with a traditional serial killer or Do you think this is some kind of Who's the different type of serial killer that we've seen before Sir, we're doing everything in out power to Protect people to get the evidence that we need to okay great thanks deep boost Like you said I actually what's he gonna say and you said limit a little like nothing and he did he just he don't answer any He has nothing to say and they know nothing And of course obviously they don't want to like totally terrified the parents because they're and gonna be anybody going to school and gonna be any kids going anywhere if they Release the you know if he says it you know what I'm saying You know Hello George 21 to one I tell you where I want you yesterday the pizza lot the brand new one and not healing Sunrise and plantation right behind wall greens see the great thing for my friend Marcia over there is that when she works the Prescription thing in the window there oh she told me some great stories About some of the people that come to that window but anyway when she's working I window she can look right across and there's the loft And so she can wait till Jeff comes in and she can make a mad dash for lunch and say oh there's my good friend Jeff and I'll get a freebie today And he she better be getting a freebie's Mr. Colin She's my pie son, baby that Marcia. She's great, but anyway we had such great food And the pizza loft in the window when you'll be pleased and always just everybody's good as the original one over there the original Browd location anyway on the original Browd location is university drive between Griffin and 595 right behind pure one imports Tons and tons of free parking. It's kitty quarter the new armadillo cafe. It's sensational and this one is Like I said equally outstanding the food is fresh and delicious to give you I don't want to say to give you a big portion The portions are like enough for a Mac truck to carry away. I mean gigantic portions embarrassing So maybe the whole family can go in there and eat like off a one plate all the pastas fresh Never any rubbery pasta the garlic rolls out of best in the world. That's what Marcia said to she said these are the best garlic rolls ever the Veal is delicious the best in the city by the way George So check out the brand new pizza luck. Let me give it the number for a tick on delivery at the new pizza location It's 9 5 4 3 8 2 99 The other location. I just say I don't want to short change the other location over there because they're not small potatoes 9 5 4 9 1 6 88 80 is the baby location 9 1 6 88 80 but the plantation new pizza loft. It's 95 4 3 8 2 19 99 and the cater for his lowest five bucks a per person for any special event you got coming up and take out delivery Bailables were like I said so check out the brand new world famous pizza loft right behind Walgreens there Navhill and sunrise and most prestigious plantations There's a butt I smell it Coming up tonight on inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story We take a good hard stiff look in the start He was a man with a piano Some talent and the strange belief that he could communicate with a home appliance and That's what gave the world Bruce horns be and the range Hey the guy comes into my office with a very catchy tune If he needs to believe his freaking stove is his backup band who am I to say no Bruce horns He's manager Jeff Stools was the first to humor horns be when he brought his kitchen range and to perform with him He says I call the act Bruce horns be and the range I laugh and I tell him oh put it on the back burner The son of a bitch dots crying He love that damn range touching of a man was a genius But it could be pretty embarrassing. I mean like Bruce horns be then girlfriend you did so over you I mean he'd be like plain the piano and he'd throw it to the band you know He's like take it range and then there's this stove sitting there doing nothing Then one time I made a joke about me having a bun in the oven and he starts crying He loved that range more than he loved me The freak but everything else about Bruce horns be was normal Even when the Grammy in 1987 for best new artist a coveted award shared by the likes of millie van millie Debbie boon and hoody and the blowfish So what caused horns these rapid decline? I told him I'd have dinner ready when he came home I I fired at the range There was a power surge the range died Yeah, that's right. I killed it. It had to be done Oh For come with grief Bruce horns be still refuses to be interviewed Talk about the fight calling the candle black God I cried myself up It's a big juicy something with like a chill business tonight on inside the mind Sir again. I was trying to say that this is the The wrong form to have any further discussion with our CEO question I have no further discussion about okay, he's been talking all of his time in case anybody after thinks you missed something. No, not the thing I would I try to be delicate he's he's kind of frighteningly in our ticket for a police chief of like any A place with more than 10 people you know Well his work isn't based on his ability to speak he doesn't convey the greatest amount of confidence is what I'm I'd be trying to say in all of What do you say it? I'm saying I don't know what I'm saying if there's a but I smell that's what I'm trying to say 410 votes on a poll. What do you think the Niels wins? They knew to one comedy It's our which it looks like we're gonna have it again tomorrow. Oh, it looks like to me I love it 156. It's okay 141 that right there is 297. Come 11 I hated 57 and's a wasted time 56. So that's one oh one 13 what is it? 296 to one 13 I'd say that's just about the same ratio of your numbers compared to most in this book and if we don't get those out by hour tomorrow I think we're gonna have Maddie bills head on a plate come on Maddie you've always been so damn good It was your close personal by a piezon You little worm what he's never failed to see. He's never let us down Confidence is how it comes to little Maddie bill And like I said if you don't have him now I've got a column here that was written a 10 days ago by Steve Dunlevy in the New York Post and I've been holding off on reading it because of the fact that it's just I don't know because it's another piece of wild speculation But the fact is now here it's 10 days later. This was written October 12 and outside October 22 And I think I'm gonna read it's very short Steve Dunlevy wrote this 10 days ago in the New York Post. It says these are terrorists Larry Johnson former CIA agent former State Department agent said loudly and clearly at the end of the day We have to give some credence that there is a terrorist threat Johnson was responding the fact that the Montgomery monster's latest hit was grizzly a grimly Performed by two human beings and that now well-known white panel van facts that might whilst he's detourist attack I personally think it is a geah rather than a crazy nut Johnson a veteran counterintelligence expert said Jim cost well if that's the case how come they request for the money and so on you know Say right and anyway Jim counts from the former boss of the FBI New York Investigator the Downing of the TWA 80 Doesn't dismiss the theory either This is a different situation if there are two people involved in the shootings you said if there are two it is unusual Two people do not have parallel psychosis if there are two involved at Hector lean toward conspiracy CalSTum said it strange that two people could work together bonded by the idea of committing Faceless assassinations I'm not on the ground there so I don't want to second guess cops who are doing your great job He said the two assassins means to some degree of conspiracy and conspiracy leads to something else What's uncanny about the past and this is that a gunman and perhaps co-conspirator of Healthy Capital of this country prisoner the past 20 days now we should say The Washington area is completely paralyzed schools of canceled outdoor activities some of even paper to with their windows And the experts who fear that geniuses at work even as it is also fear that this may well very Be the worker more than one low nutcase They're not left to powder the viciously indelible images from today's pitiful murder scene First of all, there's the tragic picture of the gas nozzle in the gas tank of the silver blue view it owned by the man who was mindlessly slaughtered Second of the seconds of guys wearing jackets that dramatically and possibly sadly said FBI anti terrorist squad and then there's this image of law enforcement FBI or local police I don't know wearing ski masks that's something I've only seen previously in Ireland on the British anti terrorist special forces making anonymous patrols This city this country has not come to grips with the fact that one low and gunman too long gunman or Gehod can close down the capital of this country in a terrible way we have to recognize as a colleague of mine said Ten gunman doing the same thing closed down the country What we're seeing is ordinary people having the lives terminated and grimly extraordinary ways If this murderer stopped shooting I would gladly be his final victim Said Steve don't leave you how do you like that? Nice often But we really don't know you know and of course we don't know the context of that letter because they don't want to tell us And he's wrong about the Serial killer buddies weren't Henry Le Lucas and Otis tool serial killer buddies that went around together killing people for real Yeah, so maybe we do have two nutcases right in together Maybe it's to be like radio sales guys Have like an endless pool of talent there 10 to one at five 60 we got the mad dog from Shola stay two he'll be along with what I clocked this afternoon What are we gonna get those hour by hour? We can see just how why you broke down against the mad dog there in the summer book Huh how we how you guys hooked up and teamed up together. I should say Hank or Brigadette three from Shola's also with Patrick Sir tan at five o'clock and we can do some more Chris and around they stuff Around the increase Chris and around they makes Jimmy and Danny seem like pikers baby and Casey missed him always show this morning You missed three solid hours non stop He said there couple of cheap shots at us before anyone was awake you missed non stop three hours of Chris and around A and around the increase including 17 times that we played the interview with Chris Carter And then we got to the baseball game that after the crow Crow to show is gonna be out at seven o'clock tonight Talking softballs followed by the game three of the world series angels in the giants any camp to the baseball game And the highly rated joy mark overnight We hope they think they don't know He's just playing a little bit too cool for my benefit, you know Joe's always played a good I think he should walk around and say hey, we're gonna kick some serious ass Okay, we're gonna have a lot hell a lot higher numbers than a goofball in the morning Of course that not same much if you love your home But you need more space what do you do do what hundreds of other people are doing cost strictly additions Whether you have an ambivalent in another room and by the way Let me just say this before if I do this spot Hey Randy Moore You know we play that promo at a goal the winning goal by Huzulius for the pants whose last night Randy's shouting over jugs McDonald Guess what you know he's trying to be mad dog number two I want to tell you something Randy a little personal message. I know you managed. Jim manages a friend of mine You ain't no Jim managed dummy up okay Randy don't be talking over that old man over jugs you silly person Anyway, if you need more space in your home do what hundreds of other smart people are doing call strictly additions Whether you have an ambivalent in another room if you're converting a car porter patty with living space if you're going to To the business for yourself and want to make a home office call these people that'll ever let you down strictly additions There you're one stop shop more space for your place place with an absolutely positively Worried for your approach to expanding your living space those no shows you've heard about by the contractors Uh-uh incomplete work no chance no one expected bills No worries about the job not getting done right and they take care of every single last detail They drop your blueprint so get to building permits handle all the inspections for you Quickly additions has got that easy five step approach to total customer satisfaction number one call to schedule a free project Invitation and pull minute your home where a project estimator will determine a scope of your addition number two Schedule a bit of home in another convenient show where you'll get a detailed proposal and an exact price for the work Third select your finishing touches go to contract fourth review the design the architectural drawings and last but not least Number five you sit back and relax as you dream edition moves ahead with on schedule nonbeatable quality look For the end of the elevators if you like this serve all a proud and south Palm Beach County or you can give a call right now at nine five four 7 9 1 8 100 and tell that old Neal toward a call strictly additions nine five four seven nine one 8 100 their license they're insured into a stupid this job nine five four seven nine one 8 100 You fudge pack and let's a former bus president of the United States Outdoor I have recently poke my head out of the shadows of oblivion to take pot shots at the president I have reappear much like Pucks the Tony Phil the Groundhog creature that reappears each year to determine whether or not Will have an early spring I Wish it to be known but it was I who was responsible for saving the lives of those nine Miner than Pennsylvania over the weekend I had asked the media to keep my name out of it as not to appear Of spotlight hog however I feel the American people have a rat to know the truth Here's what happened upon hearing of this unfortunate accident I'll race to the thing I'll order myself into the mind using an old Ron Popeel pocket fisherman and some bailing wire Down down down into the depths of darkness I think never thinking of my own safety But rather of the safety of those man and the ground when I reached the miners They said to me hey You're the garden vendor the internet right? I said yes We all had a Mike's hard lemonade Which I brought with me down into the hole and then we've thought around and re-enacted the far-themed from blighting Faddle I thought you should know the truth and now much like the groundhog creature Pucks the Tony Phil I'll think back into the darkness of oblivion until I am needed again This is our door Fluper hero Becoming more probability. I'm not going to respond and so our next briefing We'll be scheduled for noon tomorrow. Okay noon. It's like a daily event. Okay We didn't know we can sit around we can get together and here see moosey say basically nothing You realize he's still been talking all those time. I've been monitoring the situation here and you know what he said nothing nothing He didn't say anything Wow, well, what can I say you're you're a lot of forcement people are hard at work, baby It's not an easy situation you got a one or two or however We don't know we got some crazed gunman there nutcases organized disorganized Domestic for we don't know we don't know anything How we go on that anthrax investigation. Got any information oh 424 votes it look like it's a go rhymes with you know for the one to two hour tomorrow. I mean the the three to four hour Huh? What do you think any else wins? They knew to one comedy bits are 424 votes 163. I love it Yeah, it's okay 145 you put those to go you think I like 73% it's a waste of time 58 that's where we could be reading a lot more bedtime stories and I hated 58 so it looks like we get a big a big vote of enthusiasm confidence almost as big as the vote One great came in your impetted George and aback and squeeze them and hugged him and just kissed him on the lips out That was emotional man. It was traumatic Now tomorrow we're milking us a third day tomorrow with these ratings, you know And a lot of people will say well, who cares about those ratings already you dramatically Right way you know what the question obviously everybody's asking is hey, Mo how low can you go? Bye bye Like that don't you bitch