Republicansок seven improvery jazzo includes Are you sure? Are you sure? Are you sure? Are you sure? Are you sure? What we like about your best life on your bones, and where to address your duet detector... Hi, we're in the Giswakarated Wars. We have no respect for women. Driver cab to make them live in five. This is in the middle of the gorge. And I'm really in the Giswakarated Jorge. I'm really in the Giswakarated Jorge. And I'm really in the Giswakarated Jorge. Chopahabras, who can close to the slatter, they can drop in those five religions better than yours. Fire religion's better than yours. The religion's better than yours. We will finish up the Giswakarated Jorge. Fire religion's better than yours. Fire religion's better than yours. The religion's better than yours. We knock on voice of Father, you like former blushers, you are used. Fire religion's better than yours. Fire religion's better than yours. My religion's better than yours. We wear ties and ride, our bikes and get Merry lives of wife. Be my religion's better than yours. Fire religion's better than yours. Fire religion's better than yours. We won't use our brains for mindless messing, don't parade, Fire religion's better than yours. Yeah, anybody see 60 minutes last night. Oh, brother. God help us is right. Oh, good. Anyway, we'll get into that. A 13 year old boy was critically wounded this morning in a shootout shooting outside his school. According to Prince George's County emergency officials in Bowie, Maryland. There was no media ward on whether the shooting was related to the series of snap-ered shootings this week. The boy was wounded in the chest and avidman outside Benjamin Tenskir middle school said Mark Brady of the fire department. His mother took him to a car in Bowie health center, a small hospital. He's suffering from extensive blood loss and is in critical condition. How do you like that? I don't. Now what was the father Leo? Was that a degree to do a talk? What was that? No, I missed it. Clarence is talking to me and I totally missed it. Hey, Clarence, quit being in there and did it on the ground. Why weren't trying to hear the promo there at the end of the show? Now they started to acknowledge my father Leo father, Neil father, O'Tool. I wonder if he was related to a Linda Marais. The place for this down of 34 yard attempt by a Linda Marais right down the middle. The Delphans add to the early now 2613. I said that. Will go by a Linda Marais. Now, somebody there's got to be wrong. You know what I'm saying? All those years that Bill's in for a call to Melinda Marais. And I call him a Linda Marais because I think he's a good Italian boy from a South Florida, but the school would joke how still. Another good Italian boy. And all of a sudden here in Moe yesterday, O'Lindum Marais. You know what we said happened to have that is I came in here. They actually had the audio on. Not only are I over in the game, but this morning. That's the first, isn't it? At least in last couple of months. Yes. Man. Pretty exciting. So I figured I just pop on a cassette and I was lucky enough to get the most rendition of a Linda Marais. Which reminded me, of course, that I great song by Dean Martin and the Minical Madunio. Volare. Remember that? Oh yeah. Volare. Volare. Volare. Oh, I don't know. Now maybe I'm wrong. Maybe he's like portagase or something or French. You think all of that was a fraud? No. I don't think so. But somebody's got to be wrong because the Mad Dog is calling him O'Lindum Marais. And yeah, the Dolphins want a game and a Patriot submissive the team busted and show up. That's where it goes. That's where it always goes when they play down there for some reason. They just don't show up. Clarence speaking of Clarence, Facts as me. We'll carry a game five of the brave's giants in progress after her coon hotline. That would be nice, Ferris, but of course I don't have any schedule anyway. You don't? No. We're going to get the schedule from. I thought they fetched it to you all the time. Yeah. Oh. This early on a Monday morning and he's in peak form ladies and gentlemen, he's got a great sense of humor. Well, I don't have anything. Don't you have a schedule either? Oh. Oh, so Clarence, like I said, you're in there like step-in-on most last line. Well, George has tried to listen. Oh, we're trying to make this segue. And you're stepping all over his ass, but he is very pleased that he finally got that bonus. He did mention it. So nice work on that, Clarence, but you got a lot of work to get going there. Okay. You want to see? As long as he does the bonus and not the schedule, I could give a crack. Yeah, you're right. Long by text shows up on the tenth. What day is that going to be? See, Thursday. Long by text shows up on Thursday. We don't care about the fricking schedules. Okay. Why the hell should I promote the rest of the station? We got some people who won't. 126 votes on the poll over the weekend. Look at that. And of course, don't forget the bushmaster is going to be speaking that it a clock. And then that we're so caring it because they didn't request that we're caretime, which basically means they've all said this. I ain't going to say that much. Nothing new. You know, same old song of the answers we tried to morph Osama bin Laden into Sodom, who's saying, or is it the other way around? I guess it was my game. I guess it was my game. Yeah, we're morphing one in the other. We're cutting off the head and putting it on the end of the snake or something like that. 1226 votes, who would you prefer to have as leader of the free world today? Bill Clinton, 760, 62%. Oh, how do you like that? George W. W. Bush, 228, 18 and a half percent. Pretty weak. Tony Blair, 157, 12.8 percent. And that very dark professional Osama pervacitor, Al Sharpen 81, 6.6 percent. All we need was one more six in there. Don't you think he could be the anti-cresso? Either hammer that bitch that was on 60 minutes less than one hit in big eye. Man, I'm going to tell you something. You Christians out there. I'm talking about your real fanatical Christians. Are you good, board again? Holy, a roller, good. Stay away from all the rest of us. Okay. It's like that. All the acupes on you. I think it's dragged across the street by the boy Scott. Who did the end? The only problem is he's tried to do his good deed for the day. She'd a lot across the street. That's the problem. They want to make us an offer. We can't refuse. It's inquisition part two. It's Armageddon part one. Man. And they don't want to talk about this stuff. You know, religious insanity because it's too embarrassing. It's bad for business. So on a one hand, we got the Islamic terrorists. But on the other hand, we got the Christian terrorists. Well, I think over the years, over the centuries, have killed a lot more than the Muslims. I don't think it's even a contest. This is just another crusade except you're the tool this time. Another, not even a contest. Spiderman Jerry foulballs is their last night that fat face turned burger. Man. And then when he's in there about how Moses was a man of peace. He's as good. What is he talking about? Baby butcher. Oh, speak of that. What a great segue. Jude Law toddler two eats ecstasy. How did you know I was going to do that story? This just came over the wire. Jude Law's toddler ate some ecstasy. London. The two-year-old daughter of film stars Jude Law and Sadie Frost was rushed to London hospital after she swallowed part of an ecstasy tent that a children's party coined a media reports. Well, you know, I don't know if you're going to bring ecstasy to Kidney's parties. I guess they're supposed to swallow Martha's at R.C. party's. They have to bring their own. I see. Well, maybe she did bring it. Police said they were called by hospital staff after a toddler spent the night under observation on a ward after swallowing the drug. Irish Law had to endure a stomach pump and a brain scan following the incident and an exclusive club in London's West and Britain's Sun News paper reported a day. The quick actions of Frost 34 who were featured in Brandstoker's Dracula and Gospored Park provided Irish from swallowing the entire Cal tablet. Law 29, the star of road to prediction and the tell that Mr. Rippley was alerted as he was filming in the West the newspaper set. A scholarly arts spokesman told the A&P. We were called as 411 pm on Saturday afternoon by London Hospital regarding a funeral female child that was believed to as swallowed half a tablet of ecstasy. The child had an attending at Children's Party Saturday, where she was believed to have picked up a tablet of an elect on the floor of the premises on old conference street. The premises had been used as a bar in nightclub on Friday. See, so in other words, before you start like point in fingers at anybody, it been used as a bar in nightclub and I before it a bunch of the generates. Probably the same ones who were in La Caja full as the generates. They just let some of their drug stash on the floor. And this little kid reached down there as kids are apt to do things like that. Hey, this is a peasant. They're taking it up and stuck it in their possum. Oh, she's but she'll be okay. Now this guy gets really under my skin. This for a serene from Maryland. The one that they got on the rigina because he never says anything, he always comes on the ear to say that he has no information. To the best amount of knowledge, that is correct. The mother with the child went up and the mother with the child went up and the mother and how you're spawning and you can be sure. Now, seriously, how do you be spawning that? Muvvr. This is the sheriff. The mother was with the child. Well, I don't want to get into it. Okay. Here's our pull question for today. Since we're heavy duty on this religion craft again, and believe me boys and girls, let me say to you again for the evening time. If you saw that piece last night, you should know it. But, uh, La, you just you have your mind closed. Religion is. Make no mistake about it. Okay. It's the one instrument, the one tool to excuse intolerance and killing and butchering, etc. And has been throughout history of mankind. Religion is for crazy people. Just like that. That's exactly what it's all about. Let's see, Paul says this week you're right that often did play a girl's team. Very funny, Paul. We'll see what happens when they play in the Wewend. See, this is what the typical dolphin spins. You know, they win a game and write off the bat. Hey, you know, we're going to the Super Bowl. You know, we're talking Super Bowl. You know, that crap. And then if they have a bad game, like they did against Kansas City, J. Feetlers, sucks and the team blows and it's a Samel crap every year. It's a 16 game season, Paul. Okay. But just like Carlos said, they're this morning, they're all running around the station. Erect. They all got their one standing straight up. All said, because they want to got them. Game kill ass. Here's our poll question today. Which of these do you believe in? Heaven and hell. Only heaven. Only hell. Life after death, but no heaven or hell. Once you're dead, your history. Or there's only one hell in its south Florida. How? What's wrong with that? I think that's my typical, my usual, a very colorful poll. Six choices. I think that's my typical, my usual, a very colorful poll. Six choices. I think that's my typical, my usual, a very colorful poll. Six choices. I'd like to give you folks now, an opportunity to prevent. Especially about South Florida. Which of these do you believe in? Heaven and hell. Only heaven. Only hell. Life after death, but no heaven or hell. That's, that's one there. Then I'm, I'm making that clear not. Yes. Once you dead your history. Or there's only one hell. And it's South Florida. Absolutely correct. 913 at 560 WQA. And there's only one Chinese buffet. You ought to be thinking about going to. And that's the Emerald Coast man. It is just unlike any place you've ever seen. You see a lot of a phasem sure, but this place is just a like walking in will see. A phenomenal fresh delicious goodies. And they got three locations for you now sunrise north Miami Beach. And then new location in prestigious Pemmerpines. Start your mouth watering eating experience with six different soups. Try one or two or all of them if you like. If you're a real porker. And then sampled dozens of suck of an entree. Zoye and will serve in turf on a weekend with the last King crab in New York Strip steak made order at the gourmet center. That's a sizzling Asian grilled featuring karaoke steak. Shrimp chicken seafood handcar of prime rib. The Emerald Coast buffet promotes healthy living cooking all the fine cuisine with cholesterol. Three oils. No cholesterol at the Emerald Coast. There were faith features a full salad bar. New sushi bar and fresh from cocktail too. Our one requirement at Emerald Coast. You must leave room even if you have to bring a crowbar to stove. Stop in your pants. Leave room for dessert because it's a beautiful dessert bar featuring pies and cakes and pastries ice cream with all your favorite toppings. And fresh root they always even be having a watermelon on the buffet at Emerald Coast. The perfect ending to an unforgettable meal. And wait, maybe you want to bring your abrowny camera snap of you pictures too. At the Emerald Coast because when you see some of those porkers in there, you're going to want to take home some memories of them. Emerald Coast sunrise pine island to 44th Street. Collins Avenue just north of 163rd in North Miami Beach. And at the intersection of Flamingo and Pembroke Rodin permukpines, except reservations take out and live available as well. Call 9 5 4 5 7 2 3 8 33. Now look at this. They've got, oh yeah, we should see my copy. They have 9 5 4 5 7 2 3 8 3 3 and then it says that's 9 5 4 5 7 2 3 8 22. One of them will work for for for and for me. Just keep God dialing numbers until you get one at work. Just watch where you're going. You way yeah. Oh, blows and soda of a bill. Oh. Oh, right. Oh, right. Boston house baby out baby hot as it acts as drought. She be skinny if she stops up in the talk that's in her mouth. Plains of fans around the world to hit and they go when nuts go with fiscal and then be brought working. Give her two thumbs up. Check out Howard friend and lawyer and the purple hair and Kim. Bobby trendy for something. You know him. Critics say his cables work. Yeah, it's number one rank. That's no father and a nun she's laughing all the way to the bank. Yes, and baby she's got bathing. The dazzle's on just save your Sunday night for Anna on the each channel. She got bigger on stand and a baby in channels of just save your Sunday night for Anna on the each channel. I've been in the last six months. I think we need a lot more guns in the US. We need so we can have a lot more crazy people run around shooting up everybody in their brother. And of course the interesting part of this which is very very disconcerting. Is that here it is on Monday. When it almost start with the shootings, it's got to be almost a week ago. Now isn't it? Right. Last two of the ones they sent in like that. And they haven't got any more idea right now who's doing all these shootings. And the one in Virginia is connected. Which I'll get to that story eventually. And now we got to one of this 13 year old kid get school shot in school today around side school. And they haven't got any idea. Did they have any idea about the interaction murder or... Oh. Any of these things. They're a little bit slow on the uptake. But we got Robert Blake. We got him in custody. So 60 minutes last night we forget to 60 minutes. I'm watching the news they had a series of diet. Different diets on the news last week in a one each day. And Friday they were talking about the zone diet. And they get into this segment all of a sudden I see they're talking about, well, a little black sack that they bring every day in Yadiyada. And there's a service here which now now that I'm leaving here surely I find out that there's a service called in the zone delivery. And this is the same as balance for life. And I looked at the menus and it's very similar. It looks like pretty interesting stuff. So when I come back here next year I'm going to do my keep the balance for life thing going. I think by next year at this time out of way about 30 40 pounds. Yeah, be just like a little like Kate Smith, you know, like a little lump in the chair. That was a pretty exciting stuff in the zone delivery dot com by the way if there's anybody who's listening up in this neck of the woods. Hey. So 60 minutes last night had this much value who peace which supposedly the centerpiece was Jerry Falwell talking about Muslim being a violent religion. And Mohammed was a terrorist terrorist, etc. and so on. Well, that was that was one of the nicer things that was said on the ipoth. I thought that was pretty mild by comparison because basically what it boiled down, who is that you got these crazy guy about there who love Israel and love the Jews, but only as a tool, only as a means to an end. I could say before the show now, sir. So it's like saying the Romans telling a Christians, oh, be fruitful and multiply. We need a lot more Christians to keep the lines for you know, to feed the lions. Keep them happy. And it's the same thing because they got to have those Jews in Israel. And the most disgusting thing was that, oh boy, you talk about ugly stereotypes. And they're up there and they're doing they got the Tala sign and they're singing, oh yeah. And it turns out that these words use and all these were a bunch of goiim. Proju pro Israel pro Armageddon goiim. Crazy people. Because we have to have the Jews in Israel. We gotta get everybody else out of there, which I thought that was not that bad of an idea quite frankly, but nevertheless, everybody else has got to get the A lot of there so we can make room for the Jews so that two thirds of them can die when we have Armageddon when all the planes start flying, the bomb start dropping. Two thirds of the Jews are going to die. And the other third are still going to be around, but the goiim are going to make him an offer. The room around the street is the offer is so good they can't turn it down. And offer they can't refuse. How do you like that? There you go. Step in line. Man, oh man, oh man, oh shivots. And you know, they put the peace on there. And I guess anybody who's already got an IQ larger than their thumbnail, they can figure out what the message is from this. But the average masses out there, they don't get it. They don't understand because they really don't want to go quite that far as to say, hey, don't you see, here's another example. Phonetic or religious dangerous crazy people is what we're talking about. Dangerous crazy. And like I said before, I guarantee a throughout history. It's not even a contest in terms of who's killed more people. The Christians are the Muslims. Now, no contest. No. Maybe the Muslims are just playing catch up now. They've got a long way to go. I'll tell you that. They're still, they're not even in a ball game. Just has Moses. He'll tell you. What does it take? What does it take to get the message across the course of mainstream media. Man, these are the biggest bunch of suckles. They're almost as bad as the Democratic Party. Separate head Kennedy and one or two others. They're all like goose stepping into line. You know, because they're all terrified. We got an election in four weeks. And it all scared cramplists. I guess they're not reading the new polls though. Public isn't getting sucked in quite so much. But we'll get to all of that. Station airs the lives of dosamatee. The Arab satellite station, Al-Jazeera broadcast, not a utapias today, which a male voice is written to Osamayama, and said, the youths of God are planning more attacks against the United States. By God, the youths of God are preparing for you things that will fill your hearts with terror, and target your economic lifeline until you stop your oppression and aggression against Muslims, said the voice in the audio tape. It wasn't immediately clear when the tape was made. The short message was broadcast with a picture of God in the background. I love the way it says it wasn't immediately clear as if we're ever going to have any idea when it was made. Right. The man on the tape said his message was addressed to the American people, whom he urged to understand the message of New York and Washington attacks, which came to response to some of your previous crimes. But those who follow the activities of the band of criminals in the White House, the Jewish agents who are preparing for an attack on the Muslim world, feel that you have not understood anything from the message of the two attacks he said. So let America increase the pace of this conflict or decrease it, and we will respond to that tiny said. Cherish, you want to go in there and attack Sodom, doesn't it? Oh yeah, what's he got to do with this? You didn't see those pictures we were talking about before, where we morphed the Osama in the Sodom now. That's right. We just shaved off the beard and gave him a better mustache. Took that stupid thing off his head. The reference appeared to be to the US Iraq confrontation, many believe we'll lead the war, which could date the tape to recent weeks. God are based alges, there has become known for its broadcast of audio and video tapes about kind of leaders. Last month that Eric Xips from a video tape, which of course said it would be in Lanzas heard naming the leaders of the 19 September 11 hijackers. Until then, Ben Laden had been heard from since shortly after the US-led bombing campaign began in Afghanistan a year ago. American officials have called the network biased and it's covered to the war on terrorism. These really Arab conflict in US-Midies policy, Alges that were journalists said they strapped until all sides of events from the Arab and Muslim point of view, and they've angered Arab governments as often as they've angered, watched in other words everybody has pissed off and fired up. And this is from the London of Zerver. O sum of enlightened is alive and regularly meeting with Mullah Bulah Omar, the future of the Taliban according to a telephone call intercepted by American spy satellites. In the conversation recorded less than a month ago, Omar and a senior aide were discussing the American-led hunt to track them down, the two men using a mobile-theriah satellite phone. Oh, we got one of those, don't we? We do? No. Spoke about tactics for several minutes. Omar then turned to a third person who was within a few yards of voice analysis has revealed. After exchanging a few words, O sum of said that the sheek sends his greetings, senior Taliban figures have literally referred to O sum of enlightened as the sheek. Or is that the sheek? Or is it...Made? Voice analysis appears to corroborate the identification of bin Laden. It shows he was alive recently at least, so they see Iraq and intelligence officers. Some people might like to think he's dead, but that's just wishful thinking. The revelation comes from a growing speculation that bin Laden is dead, and then of course we got the message yesterday, the voice message after all of this. He has looked gone and unwelined videos released by al-Qaeda appeared unable to use his left arm. Maybe that's what I got, maybe I got O sum of thing in my left arm. That could be it. Other aimless fear, Omar could have been bluffing, knowing he was being listened to by Americans, it wasn't speaking to Osama, your mama at all. But bin Laden's whereabouts are still on on, he's thought to be moving between Pakistan and Afghanistan, via the border between the Afghan province of Paktia and the Pakistani travel area of Wazurstan. There were sightings of him in eastern Afghanistan and March and April, so he's moving between Pakistan and Afghanistan, he's either dead or alive, and we have no idea. But other than that, we got our thumb on. I've apparently dropped off there with his mother. His mother was walking, or at some point was escorting the child when he was hit in the chest, by a bullet to extensive bleeding, the mother in fact, Dr. Boi to the hospital. Let me ask you this, because we really have no idea whether this is just some nut, which seems to be the American effort in ways some nut with a high-powered rifle, or whether this is terrorism, which is starting to speculate. Yeah. Now, I say I don't want to get anybody panicky, but just imagine, put it in your own mind, as opposed to like one attack, no matter how horrific it may be, in one isolated place. Do you follow what I'm saying? Right. You see this scenario that I'm thinking of here in my mind? I'll see it. I 26 at 560, you're happy station, WDQAM. My and local, we're sports-video 562, and 2AM. I need access to our car. Don't worry, now I'm ready to charge on today. Have yourself them down my fishing pond. Oh, you're growing your friend the way, the fact you all will be back. You said that you're right you are the best. When you think of all the benefits you're getting, life will be sweeter when you pack your heater, carry your life to be deadly. Come on and join today. And the American way to be on the world, Yann Arra. And for the region, and for the chest, and always and for the head, in case they're wearing a vest, charging your skills. You can more talk about it, we'll see that in the face of your rights to all the girls. Come on and join today, and you'll be proud to say, you're on February, and you're on February, and you're on February. All right, 9.31 at 5.60, and you're going to be a beautiful day here, man. Sonny 52, Corin Hell, but it's beautiful. You know what I'm saying? Yeah, it was not bad weekend, actually. Was really? Not as hot as normal. How's that? That's good. That means they're getting ready for me to come back. Because if it's one of those 95, you know, 100% humidity, I'm not going to be there. And did you get this copy? I just thanks you a copy of. Oh, there it is, in fact. Now take a look at that second last line there, where it says call, first of all, it's written out with the, do you, when you write out a phone number, do you ever put like periods in it? That's some people do there. Yeah, I don't know. That's a British thing. Oh, that's a European thing. Are we in Britain or in Europe? No, not at the moment, we're not. But setting that aside, look at the phone number, and they're close enough together. So it's easy to watch. Not the other. It's not like what if you're both hot. They both have a double digit at the end. That's the only similarity, okay? 33 or 22 or if that does work, try 3, 8, 4, 4 or 5, 5, or 6, 6 or 7, 7 or whatever else you like. Guy, and it's skipping by the way, I'm setting this new copy. I'm setting this new copy. I'm setting this new copy. Skippy, you're a moron, man. He'll fit in that sales department like a rubber glove right in your, back to mass. Man, what an idiot. But hey, don't start complaining now because at least he sent you something which is more than you get from some of these A holes down there. And that sales department. Okay, look at that. The pole is up there. Which do you believe in? See, this is going to be tough. But I don't want to be picking on some floor to sit in all the way up here. I don't think this is working anyway. I'm going to give it a shot. Okay, as yours working? I'm voting right now. And so did I. Look at that. 7 votes in there already. Once you did your history three, there's only one hell of some floated two. Only believe in having one, life after death, but not have it or hell one. Only hell or haven't and hell don't have any votes yet. We're working on it. And then we got some people I've been looking down there long enough to figure it out. The bullet used to shoot a Virginia woman matches ammunition used to kill at least four six victims of a sniper's free in Washington, D.C. in suburban Maryland, investigators said over the weekend. Test conducted by the ATF confirmed that the same weapon was used in five of the random shootings over the past three days in Montgomery County, Maryland and in Washington, D.C. test were still underway to determine the links to the two additional shootings in Maryland. The round that we collected there is in fact a match to the rounds that were used here in Maryland and also in D.C. said, Major Howard Sniff of the Spotslvania County Virginia Sheriff's office is that that's far to that they keep putting on there. I must be Howard Sniff with two F's. The 43 year old Spotslvania woman was shot in the back in a parking lot of a craft store in Fred Rersberg, Virginia, about 50 miles 55 miles south of Rockville, about 230 in Friday afternoon. No arrest have been made in these scattered shootings that began last Wednesday. Authorities were talking to one man, late Saturday afternoon, but stress he was not a suspect and no weapons were found with him. You notice that's another thing. There's never any suspect either right. They're talking to this one. They're talking to that one. But we want to stress he's not a suspect. I'm lucky course that person of interest. In fact, I guess the person who are talking to isn't even a person of interest. No. I don't think so. They talked him for why he said, nah, he's not to interest. So there you go. And then we got the shooting at the school this morning in the same general area. Might must be the same general area because it's got the same march parts as Sheriff on there. Smith. And we still don't know nothing. Carlos is finding something not about that. About what? No. That was a false alarm. About what? You've got the latest story. Never mind. Hey, I got to write off the A&P man. Yeah. And you sure, sure better than what you get at La Blas and Vekis IGA. I got to write it to the A&P. Better with a get off of the pigly wiggly pale. I'll take sight. You better calm down there, Carlos. I know you're like, gung-ho to get going there, but it's only Monday. Just on Monday, just easy to live. Okay. Don't get too hyper on Monday morning. Don't be like an eager beaver on Monday morning. Sorry. It's part of that game yesterday. I know you're all whipped up. It's probably rubbed off from all the enthusiasm and the halls there. We're talking to football. We won a ball game. Yeah. Big deal. And you're still in soft Florida. Okay. There you go. Give me the old raspberry. They want a ball game. Yeah. See, I more power to them. Okay. Cause I really don't care why we did there. I love the Patriots and all that stuff. But it's a ball game to me. I don't really give a crap. I expect to. Huh? That's how it should be the most people you would think. It's a ball game. It's not like the Maple Leafs. Okay. That's a different story. That's 45 years of hysteria. And the last 35 years of total frustration. Okay. That's a different story. It's not like Ron McClain getting knocked off hockey night in Canada. See, I can't explain it to you. You'd you'd had to be here or I would have had to send you all the news. Part paper articles from all four newspapers all week. Not just one day. Not just a couple of days. You would have thought that the that Jesus had come back. You would have thought that it was like the beginning and end of all time. Ron McClain is not coming back on hockey night in Canada. Is he coming back? Will it? Oh, he is coming back. And front page of every newspaper every day with pages and pages of stories and articles. And you know, which at least for one week it was a nice divergent anywhere. It was kind of stupid. But it was a nice divergent from allow we going to go into Iraq. Well, of course we're going into Iraq. It's already a done deal. There's going to be an Iraqi attack. So done deal. It was decided a long time ago. Okay. And all this all the stuff that's going on right now is just window dressing and posturing and asking for permission. You know, it's like a kid asking hey, hey, mom. Can I go out and get laid this weekend? I mean, no matter what mom says, he's still going to go out there and bang his brains up, right? Of course. These more than like nine or ten. Oh, speaking of blowing people's brains. A lot of a lot of very nerve-wracking stuff going on, you know what? Like what? Like, friend super tanker blown up off Yemen, you're anniversary. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. And once again, well, we're not really sure. And maybe it was just a fishing vessel. And like the one guy said, no fishing vessels go to go into a side of a gigantic super tanker like that. And wouldn't even make a dent. They said unless, of course, on the fishing vessel was a, a, a bomba, a bomba grande, or several, or several, a bomba, a bomba, a, a, a, a, a, how do you say that? Grande's a boat pack. Are you starting with that spikstuff again? I'm going to hit you back with a linda mare if you don't watch it. I'm going to even kick what right up your ass. O linda mare. Well, what is that? Huh? What word he get that from? I mean, it's one thing that he's a jet spam, but it comes to town. I always change in the names of the players on the team. Here's the medicine, Maurey and the bills in person, Maurey. And I think, uh, and Maurey? Huh? A boat pack with explosives ran badly, hold and set ablaze. A French super tanker off of Yemen. And by the way, it was a general nail, the late FBI agent who wanted to go back in the Yemen and the, the bitch Barbara Bodene said, Oh, I don't think so. We don't want you back here, trouble maker. Because he was getting close to getting the bottom of all the alkai to business going on there, which by the way, they're thriving big time in Yemen. Lots of alkai to hanky, panky and cells. In Yemen. A week before the second anniversary of the terrorist attack on the west as cold the story of the French embassy says, Yemeni authority set up a crisis cell and voiced fears of a major oil slick spreading along the Arabian sea coast. The oil tanker was ran by a small boat stuff with explosives, came by an offshore terminal, some 450 miles east of Odden, Vice-Counsel, Marcel Gonzalez told AFP. It seems to be an attack in the same style as the west as coldly said the high-tech destroyer bomb by suspected alkai to militants in the Indian Harbor October 12, 2017 USLers died 38 were wounded in that attack. October 7th also marked the first anniversary of the USLead War in Afghanistan on the Taliban and the alkai to network whose leader Osama Yamama claims Yemen's ancestral home. How do you like that? I don't. A gaping hole was blown into the side of the 330 meter long tanker. That's 1100 feet named the Limburg managed by the company France ship in the embassy city. 1225 mancuba in hospitalized of injuries in the eastern port city of Almukhala, the embassy added. Yemen officials said all hands have been rescued and they were passing the night in a hotel. Like ships passing in the night or something like that. And the Yemenis of course are saying, well we're not really sure. We don't think so. It kind of reminds me of Egypt and that we actually that Egypt, air crash, remember? Right. When at the pilot decided it was his turn. That was the first, that was the first who was side error thing. And they didn't want to admit it because oh couldn't have been him. He was a wonderful guy and he never stole a freight train there. You know, it's all a bunch of bullcrab. Instead of like 22 it for what it is, we have to have all the niles first because it weighs heavily under freaking conscious assuming they have a conscience. 52 votes on a poll, which of these do you believe in? Now speaking of your conscience speaking of can we emancipate your brain from all of this hateful six sorted stuff called freaking crazy religion. Can we do it? What do you think? No. People even there's only one hell of soft Florida 21. Which is tied with once you did your history 21. In fact we should have put another category on there once you had soft Florida you might as well be dead. Just take a look around you. Life after death they believe him but not not have her or hell six. Oh, I should have put you know we should have had on their reincarnation. Oh yeah. Well we better put huh? That's kind of life after death but okay. Yeah, right because that's a good catcher all in a reincarnation and whatever else you know if we can morph you into our summer something like that. Only heaven three, heaven and hell one and only hell none. Well that's good. Is not anybody out there who believes in only hell. Except maybe Greg Reed. My life and love all this is for trail five six. You may have. Know that the Lord even loves Neo Rogers. The Bible. If you like the book, you'll love the board game. Introducing Go to Hell from Milton Bradley. The board game that tests your faith in God while challenging your knowledge of biblical quotes. Okay everybody ready? Yeah go ahead. Alright, first question. The meek shall inherit the blend. Lightware. Neo pattern bulb this. The meek shall inherit the earth. Why? You who have had five spaces. You want the guys go to hell. Go to hell. The exciting game where you win by forming a deep personal relationship with God before the time runs out. Okay. On the seventh day God did what? That's all. He went to one of those only beneath branch places. I'm just putting it around. Wrong. All of you go to hell. It was a good book. But now it's a great game. Go to hell. The biblical board game from Milton Bradley. Go to hell. 945 at 560 WQA. Saw my assuming if you saw 60 minutes. You also saw the first segment on the Abroquard Chances. And all that fraud. Oh yeah. You know the fact the fact of the matter is this that these things are meant to be a good game. You know the fact that the matter is this that these people, like from Merrill Lynch's business, well, they paid a hundred million dollars in finance. They should have paid no financial, it all got a jail. They should have been shut down. Right. And as I've been screaming, having been personally ripped off. And having known I held a lot of other people have been personally ripped up and gouged over last two or three years for an enormous amount of cash. This is the biggest fraud ever put over the biggest hoax ever put over on a American public. The people at CNBC, the gambling channel, they should all be in jail for being co-conspirators and putting this fraudulent crap over on the public. And then it's like, oh well, what was a swel was that you know, and we're good like to you know. And maybe we'll give some money back, but don't hold your breath. Not just in jail, but all their wealth seized. Sorry. Yeah, but then of course the lawyers will take that in legal phase. You know, I know that's. I mean, how much ever winds up being left over? None. Pile a crap. The gambling channel. And that's what it's all about. Once a pot of time boys and girls are used to be called investing. And now it's a crap shoot. Underlining crap part. Yeah, let's put some lipstick on his pig. And how did you like that segment that we're like really getting carried away? Firstly for a network. Right. It's effing this and it's effing that. And a P, P, O S piece of schmett. You don't want to say the word. Yeah. It's a P, O S. Like our morning show. It's a P, O S. Are you positive about that? Yes, I am. Go. They have not found any victims there. The police are calling that an unfounded report at this point. You were asking some questions about geography earlier. I've been studying a map and a lot of the development in that part of Prince George's county is very recent. But as best we can determine from talking with people here who live in the area. This one our parking lot is a very short distance away for the Benjamin Test for middle school. How do you like that? And we're supposed to wish it's got to be one of two things only. It's either the same assholes, the same lunatic, the other shootings or the copycat. Good thing we never had that. No, thank goodness. We don't have people that are crazy enough when they see some grotesque horrendous, a barbaric unacceptable act being committed. Thank goodness. We don't have no copycat. They're all saying no lunatics with weapons, with firearms. But nevertheless, the kid has been transferred to a trauma center airlifted to a trauma center in your Washington. And you hope for the best. Big Arnie is Arnie. I hate to write the news to you, but like the one guy said last night, God help us. So this is our friends meeting these born again Christians. Arnie says Israel hasn't made. They had the Christians helping the nouns that are being against them. And these are the very people who are present listens to. Yet since the idiotic idiotic vision these people have ultimately the Jews either die or converting will never happen. The Jews are sitting pretty. Would you like to have fanatical people who could be your enemies turn out to be your friends? This is the amazing says Arnie. First time in my life I saw a jury of follow on TV. Did you want to throw something at the screen? Well Arnie, let me say this to you. Can't respond to your facts. But like that. You know the old expression with friends like these who need enemies? That's exactly what they were thinking about when they came up with that expression. With friends who say that two thirds you have to die and then you can the other third will believe what we want you to believe will convert you or else. And that's terrific. That's just what we need. Not. And he actually makes the point himself that our president is listening to these lunatics these And he's not listening to the other words. And he's not listening to the other words. And he's not listening to the other words. And he's not listening to the other words. And he's not listening to the other words. And he's not listening to the other words. And he's not listening to the other words. And he's not listening to the other words. And he's not listening to the other words. And he's not listening to the other words. And he's not listening to the other words. And he's not listening to the other words. And he's not listening to the other words. And he's not listening to the other words. And he's not listening to the other words. And he's not listening to the other words. And he's not listening to the other words. And he's not listening to the other words. And he's not listening to the other words. And he's not listening to the other words. And he's not listening to the other words. And he's not listening to the other words. And he's not listening to the other words. And he's not listening to the other words. And he's not listening to the other words. And he's not listening to the other words. And he's not listening to the other words. And he's not listening to the other words. And he's not listening to the other words. And he's not listening to the other words. And he's not listening to the other words. And he's not listening to the other words. And he's not listening to the other words. And he's not listening to the other words. And he's not listening to the other words. And he's not listening to the other words. And he's not listening to the other words. And he's not listening to the other words. And he's not listening to the other words. And he's not listening to the other words. And he's not listening to the other words. And he's not listening to the other words. And he's not listening to the other words. And he's not listening to the other words. And he's not listening to the other words. And he's not listening to the other words. And he's not listening to the other words. And he's not listening to the other words. And he's not listening to the other words. And he's not listening to the other words. And he's not listening to the other words. And he's not listening to the other words. And he's not listening to the other words. And he's not listening to the other words. And he's not listening to the other words. And he's not listening to the other words. And he's not listening to the other words. And he's not listening to the other words. And he's not listening to the other words. And he's not listening to the other words. And he's not listening to the other words. And he's not listening to the other words. And he's not listening to the other words. And he's not listening to the other words. And he's not listening to the other words. And he's not listening to the other words. And he's not listening to the other words. And he's not listening to the other words. So I guess what we're going to do is we're just going to declare we're on all these countries and blow them all off the map. I said, sir, I guess we better start, sir. By the weekend, I would say let's get it done by the weekend, okay? Because we got some big football games coming up this weekend. Oh, I should ask by the way, who the Hurkulans play next weekend? And again, another girl's team there playing my god on Mighty. I would respect if they would play one real team. Let's see, Hurkane's game. Oh, FSU, like I said, and then I could be next weekend. If they play one real team, it's that all these little girly schools University of Connecticut basketball, maybe football, no way Jose, okay? And the final score is the University of Miami, 3702 and Piper High, nothing. Wow. That was a close game. What was a close game? They almost scored Connecticut. Yeah, they all. Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha. What was the final score? Ready to the zip? Yeah, that's a little like that. Something like that. Yeah. Almost as good as Long Beach State. And almost as good as Temple. Speaking of Temple. So anyway, this magazine, now I'm in this is really for two of us that you've faxed me to try to spread some of your anti-Zina's propaganda. Yeah. No, no, you see, he actually shipped me this copy of Mother Jones, which is a great man. He's really a little left wing that wants peace. You know, the thin green line, do is really soldiers who refuse to serve and occupy territories of ants and cause of peace or hurt it. Which is an interesting article, but I can't have no time to waste with that. Because you know, my feeling is that they're all not in, and I said, right, you don't want to know that. But I read the article, okay, it's not a question of knowing the facts. My, if you're going to start with a Palestinian crap again, I'm going to shut off the mic. Okay, I'll just hit you and let you ramble on for three hours and nine minutes. Because people, I don't want to go into it. See, you want to get me started again about the suicide bombers. I don't want to get started. And of course, our good friend, a Sodom, he's given 25,000 dollars to a family. Well, you know, something, 25,000 dollars to those luckers over there because they're not concerned about economic advancement. They're more concerned about becoming martyrs, okay? So 25 grand is a hell of a lot of money. So how not, you know, he can always make some more babies. The settlers get subsidized for two from the government. Screw the settlers, okay? And by the way, that was another thing on it. That was another thing last night on that piece about their, they're going into the goddamn illegal settlements there on a West Bank. And they're encouraging those people raising money. For those people. Third, it's unbelievable. But how come nobody wants to scream and hotter about the interference of the board again, Christians in what's happening in the Middle East? And they're desired, oh yeah, we got to move more Toronto and Armageddon, okay? They grab in you by the arm and they want to drag you to your death. No thanks. We'll wait. It'll come soon enough. So before I interrupt you, you were saying. I was saying that in this magazine, in Mother Jones, which the date is October to the occurred issue. And this is a couple of weeks ago, you sent me this at least. Right. But anyway, there's a very interesting article in here. Born again Zionist, Christian conservatives are teaming with hard-line Jewish groups to transform American policy. Tored Israel. Oh, and it's exactly what would that piece on 16 minutes was all about last night. Hmm, by Ken Silverstein and Michael Scherer and photographs even by Jeff Mermelstein. So it sounds like three Jews to me. But anyway, it's pretty long, but I'm going to save it for later. Maybe in the noon to one hour, can take me a long time to read it. And but I will. That will be one of my big bedtime stories today. It goes on a great length. Thanks to top level connections and grassroots activism of Christian evangelical Christians, U.S. policy in the Middle East has never been so closely aligned with Israel as it is under the Bush administration. Not he liked that. I don't. Just like some of the very naive Jews used to say about Nixon. Oh, and he's good for Israel. He's good for Israel. He's good for Israel. We look carefree. He's a crooked. We don't care if he's a scumbag. He's good for Israel. And then of course they heard those tape recordings of how naughty was a rural and anti-Semite. And they said, Well, isn't everybody else anyway, but at least he was good for Israel. I response would be castle-hoyes, okay? That would be my response. I know this is a panther trade-out spot in the next break. We stand by hockey team in San Florida. Oh, because I never hear about it at all. I never hear one more about it. You think we will? Not on a morning show, and not on this adult ones around their way to the Super Bowl. I think they're going to run the table as we're on a thing in 15 and 1. We're talking Super Bowl. Come on, let's forget about what's going on in the world. And about people getting shot and stuff like that. Let's get into more uplifting stuff. There we go. Come on, let's hear it. Oh, my amy has to go for the greatest football team. To be continued. I'll be going to head back with the whole thing right now. So we'll get into that a little bit later on. Reno stands by McBride as he campaigns in date, and you know what they always say. Stand by your man. Isn't that what you ended always saying? Canis Masmacho, Tammy Weymet, or Jan Arrino. The little red truck that Jan Arrino wrote across Florida and her quest to challenge Governor Jeff Bush now sports a Bill McBride for Governor bumper sticker. You go boy. And it was Reno and her truck yesterday who provided the on-tray for the Democratic nominee is he dashed across Dave County, attending services at six black churches. Well, I tell you, six black churches. He's really going to heaven. In an effort to woo voters who sided with Reno, but whom he needs to turn out and force on his side. If he's to have a chance at defeating Governor Bush on November 5. I stood before you the summer acting for your help. Now I come back to ask you to back a man who can be a great Governor of Florida. Reno who nearly lost the McBride in the primary mar with voting glitches told Congress and anti-Octmistenary Baptist Church in Carroll City. I'm interested in what all the shfarts is in there. You think? At every church, Reno was greeted with tears and applause and a several churches. She was the one to introduce McBride who said most of the primary campaign in North and Central Florida, strategizing that the Democratic Party suffered a stronghold of the in support the nominee. But many said they're doing so primarily because of Reno's word. We know you're not going to let any of us down, Ossi Conley and North by me, Beach, Retar we said to Reno after services. And who backed his church because Janet saying it's all right. We'll go with Mr McBride because Janet said it's okay. We like him. The sentiment to work lost on the nominee. At every stop he reported his mantra asking the crowd to judge me by my friends. On Sunday, included black legislators for a week or Wilson who's helping to organize his Miami date operations. Philip Brutus will Bertie Holloway and Dorothy Ben Ross, Minningo. She's my friend McBride said if you like Janet, we know you like me because we think alike and we're together. She's my friend. After his combination, we did it with a standing ovation to Reverend Richard Marquez, very of say, Magnus Episcopal Church in over town said, Mr McBride, there's no harm in writing to the governor ship on the co-tables of a wonderful ladle. And let's all write on her co-tails or in a red pickup truck, whichever you prefer. My life and love this is portrayal by city. You and me, yeah. How are David? But what up, homie? You need some tips on improving your career. The tool into the endless living garden channel. Each week, I see trades in his net nine for a nail gun and re-models a crackout. Need you. That's right. Boots on a crack holes out. Then gets busy with this old his house. Thursday night today, I'll show you how to cut some design a kitchen for cooking up some crack and create a comfortable living room to court. Just perfect for cracking a couple of 40s which are posse and then it knows bitches over the couch. So join ice each week if you fives up this mofo it's just own his house. It's on an inner hood in God, in the channel. Be up. Good. 10 o'clock at 5.60. WCWM happy Monday. We got the mad dog. Jim Man is who won Hank Oldberg. Hank, I'll be a chill as this afternoon between 3 and 6.30 with that more five to six. And then I don't understand this because I had to roll your facts from current same. We're picking up the game in progress game five of the giant's in a brave series. The determining game the third and rubber game at that series. Her Kuhn Hotline, 6.30 to 8.30 from David Buster's and I'm assuming that the youngsters, terminally boring jokes again could be on there. And then 8.30 we got the giant's brave. So I'm assuming that that game must start early on that. What time is the game start? Do we know? Well, I'll all depends on where they're playing is in Atlanta. Is it in San Francisco? Does anybody know does anybody care? Did somebody care as mole be upset if the brave's lose? I don't know where to give her crap because it's baseball anyway. Because the note from clearance that we're joining in progress, we're picking it up after Horkun Hotline in progress. So how the return of Horkun Hotline because it's sponsored and because it's the Horkun's and I guess must be contract contractually obligated. It's so important that we can't care where the game from the beginning. Boy, sounds pretty like bush league to me. Eddie Kampford, the baseball game in July, Mark overnight. There's your schedule. Now what is that? What? I'm looking at the schedule tomorrow. Steve Goldstein and Don Bailey, Jr. Producer's Zach with 14 question marks. Well, that's what's that all about? No, no, no, no, it's Zach slash question mark. You see. Oh, I see. But what is that all about? Is tomorrow some other Jew holiday that we didn't know about? Because I noticed that Robert also isn't going to be there. Although I guess it was a Jew holiday. Maybe guilty wouldn't be there because he's learned fast. He's off on your own kipper. He's off on a Jew holidays. Unlike me in Hank, I'm not going to be hypocrites. Speaking of Jews, how about Bob Green? How's he doing? You want to know why I asked that question? Why? Campbell recalls mushroom soup. Now, how does that connect with Bob Green or her voice and wait to find out? Well, you're going to know immediately when I tell you. Kampford, New Jersey. Campbell soup company is recalling a days production of cream of mushroom soup. After cans were found to contain the Wingland clam chowder, which could pose a danger to people allergic to shellfish the company said. Don't you remember how allergic he was to his seafood? That's right. Wow. He would go into like, like, with an inch of that. I mean, and we kept trying to sneak stuff back there, but to share what I always picked through at first and the food to pour out a can of chowder. You're not going to know that it isn't cream of mushroom. Well, first of all, when it's Campbell soup. And when it's in the, when it's in the candle like that, it all is kind of like, mung anyway, you know? All right. But still, one is white, one is gray. It is the cream of mushroom is kind of gray. Yeah. And Chowder is, one more like white. Well, for warming Garmos, if you open up a can of can, Campbell is something, if we can't trust a canble soup people anymore. Those of you are dumb enough to eat it, and this could enough to eat that crap. If you can't trust them, who don't can you trust the president? Oh, like I said, I'll prefer Campbell's myself. How about John Campbell? The company discovered the problem after receiving consumer complaints. It wasn't fair how many cans were affected. But Campbell said it was a small quantity. Some people run a risk of severe or life-threatening reaction of each selfish. The company said it didn't receive no reports of illness yet. First of all, I don't think Bob Greener would be open up for Candle of Campbell's soup, No, progresso. No, I don't see him opening up a Candle any soup. I could be wrong. The Candle label Campbell's condensed cream of mushroom bread that date August 20 August 2004. And I'm not going to read these numbers. Should I? I don't know. I guess I should. August 2004 or 8292 and C U B A E L followed by four numbers representing military time. What? Yeah. Candle based company distributed to the Candle retail stores in 13 states and Florida wasn't one of them anyway. Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Kentucky, Michigan, Minnesota, New York, North Dakota, Ohio, Pennsylvania, South Dakota, Texas, and Wisconsin. People at the bottom can't really determine the stores where they've purchased for a full refund. Consumers with questions were Christ, they call Campbell's hotline, which I give that number out, but what's the point since it wasn't really sure it would afford anyway. Huh? I just mentioned that in passing because we have an O people who are like definitely allergic to any kind of shellfish, any kind of seafood. Including our good post personal former friend Bob Green, remember him? Sure. What ever happened? What ever happened with that deal at he and Cheryl had cooked up for me, you know? Well, we never heard any more about 128 votes on our poll today, which it eased you believe in. I want to play I'm a believer by the monkeys, what do you say? You got it? I bet you do have it here somewhere, wouldn't surprise me. Once you're dead, your history, 47. There's only one hell and it's out Florida, 43. I believe in life after death, but no heaven or hell, 23. How about spending the rest of time in purgatory, you know, just kind of like in doing the limbo rock? Kind of like between a rock and a hard place, between a rock in the ran? Heaven and hell, nine, we got nine people out there who believe in heaven and hell. Only heaven five, those are the optimists and only hell one, and I guess Greg must have cast his vote. I don't want to get Greg nervous or anything like that, but the rumor I'm here is if you tell a lot of tales in your life, which generally speaking means you're a... That's when you go to hell. People that more you lie, the greater your chances of burning in hell is what I'm hearing. So I hope Greg gets some of those fire proof or they call it as best as clothing. Yep. Yeah, they're going to have to bury him in a flame retardant suit, because otherwise he's going to be burned in for a long time. Man who just tells tales, as a matter of course, is the way of doing goodness. But George got his bonus finally. Thanks to Clarence. Here's one of my favorite stories of the whole weekend. Some good news, one really good news, but at least something was morbid than all of a rest of this crap. There's a lot of bad crap going on. Speaking of that, the presence is going to be speaking at a clock tonight. Speaking of your rack and a hard place. Let's go get on. Let's get the evil doors. Who was talking about that whole concept of evil doors? Were they talking about that on that segment last night? Yes. Where the hell do I see that? Yeah. Separating the world into good and bad, this simplistic approach for nimble minds, man. It's terrifying. They're the good folks, and then the enemy, the evil ones. I think the whole world needs a goddamn exorcism. What do you say, huh? Okay. Let's get father Marin. I understand he ain't doing too much these days. Father, you happen to know a lot of the boy. I'm a Catholic. Here's the good story. A former army by a weapons researcher who's been investigating connection with last fall's deadly anthrax to the taxidies preparing several lawsuits related to his treatment in the inquiry. Good for you, baby. You go, boy. I have a number of lawsuits in preparation for rest assured. Dr. Stephen Hatfield said Saturday, I have a number of lawsuits in litigation and preparation extending on many different continents. How do you like that? Hatfield has not been charged in investigation. Instead, vastly, not having any role in or knowledge of the dimple anthrax maillings. Anthrax, less butters were sent to the offices of US senators Tom D'Anschl. And the Patrick Lee, he and the TV network news offices in New York and may have been sent to other places as well. We're still working on it. Five people are including two postal employees in Washington, D'Avin, L.E. Anthrax. Hatfield spokesman refused comment on whom maybe the target main lawsuits are a timeframe for filing them. His attorneys previously have said lawsuits were being considered. Hatfield had his apartment searched three times as part of the investigation in whom he had the anthrax letters in the fall of 2001. He has bitterly announced the treatment he says he's gotten from the government in the media. In relation to the anthrax inquiry, saying he's been the victim of any window and gossip. He and his spokesman have criticized US attorney general John Don't call me Hermann Gering Askedrock for describing Hatfield as a person of interest in the anthrax probe but not for clarifying what that term means. Authorities have not described Hatfield as a suspect in the investigation. Well, nobody said he was a suspect, you just a person of interest. It's like Robert Blake. He's not a suspect in Bonnie Lee shooting. He's just a person of interest because he used to be a big star on TV. Used to be. Hatfield spoke Saturday to a conference spotted by accuracy and media. All those right wing lunatics, they conservative media watchdog group. What's that guy's name read Irvine? I don't know. I wonder if he's really the Don Irvine Junior. The former government's to see if it's always a giveaway when there's a junior on the end. It's always a harness racing driver. You know, junior. Why is that? I don't know. What is that all about? Because it's kind of a family thing. I get it. Let me see. Joe Marst Junior and Don Irvine Junior and get the honey. Julia. The former government scientist continues looking for a job. He was fired last month from a position in LSU as we all know, where he helped train emergency workers to respond to bioterism attacks. LSU didn't give a reason for the firing. They said he didn't like the way he looked. Adjust this department officials send an email to the program director and August directing him not to use Hadfield. On any just as department funded programs, Hadfield was working on one side program at the time. The email was said right before he was put out administrative leave. An LSU spokesman has said that University officials only learned to be mail after the University of Avery decided to terminate him and that the correspondence had nothing to do with that action. When asked to we believe who is responsible for the answer acts of tax. He said throughout this entire year I tried to sit on the fence. There were times when I think it could be domestic. There are times when I think it is foreign. I don't know he said. I don't have enough information. I haven't seen the powder. I don't have enough scientific evidence to make any sort of determination. Isn't that what they told them and LSU to take a powder? Since it was in the deep South view to expect it would have been a BC powder. Got it. Got it at the truck stop. If you live north of like the Carolinas or Tennessee or like Kentucky, if you live north of there you can't take a BC powder. You know that? Depend the way you go. Really? Yeah, they have met the stookey from coast to coast. Oh, I wouldn't be surprised right next to the peanut brittle. Oh man. The peanut brittle is good if it's like got a date out within the last few four years. No, seriously. They have to check the date on there. The expiration date. I wonder what kind of raw clay models. Because if it says like expired 1942, you know, it's probably not a good idea to be like a chomp on that unless you want to follow good lawsuit. As you watch your teeth like splinter and like, and like chunks. I wonder if I watch a name if the two good bits. She probably spent a lot of time. She was in Texas and all over that deep South, Tennessee. She probably spent a lot of time in Stookies. And maybe in shoneys with what's your name? What was that broads name up there in the Georgia? Can't remember her name. Note that misunderstood very nice lady up there who lived in a trailer park somewhere in Georgia and over her those three schmoth the heads that were on their way up to making all kinds of wild statements to try to provoke her. And they didn't guess what to bad for them. That's what happens man. Payback is a bitch. Now here we got a different broad on her. She might know something but I don't know. There is a decision pending as to evening activities. And we've that as soon as possible. Other talk about whether they're going to put a curfew on there in that area of Merlin where these shootings are going on. Which could be just a little bit disconcerting I would imagine. 157 votes on the pool. They're pouring in now. All the believers out there in radio land. Let's get all those good board again. Christian's all those Barbissina Goyam on there too while you're at it. They're too busy. Send a money to Israel. They're too busy dancing. They'll hurrah. And get ready to celebrate the Hanukkah. Once you dead your history, 55 said that. Which obviously let's step on that cockroach again. Okay, it's always a good idea. Or swap that skater. Get it. Especially now with what's going around with West now and everything else. Get that skater, baby. Do you think there's a skater heaven? Yeah, it's here. Yeah, skater heaven. And I wonder if fellow the gocees competing for the blood out there. You think so? It probably have to have a separate blood bank. Maybe that's where they take the blood of those of us today. Won't take the blood from on earth. Maybe they take it up here. I'll go I guess we're not going there. Once you dead your history 55, there's only one hell. That's changing again. 57 like I said, there's only one hell. That's in South Florida 53. Life after death, but no heaven or hell, 25. 25 of the wishful thinkers out there who don't understand that once you're brain in your heart dies, once your brain is dead, there's no you anymore. Okay, there's no you. Only hell 18. Heaven and hell 11 and only heaven. Five. Oh, see, only hell is the crank vote now 18. You notice that? Yeah. Yeah. See, we can spot you. I'll be in miles away from here all the way to Hades, baby. We can spot you, lady. It's out there. You, oh, John, provocative to your go. I'm you from here to Hades. That's not so far from here to Hades. You're from here to law. I put look at him in a comment. Which thank you for giving me a chance to say that again. 10 13 at 5 60 W to Q. I'm let me say this again. Mac for shopping is a total waste of time. The old fashion way. The new thing away is just one simple phone calls. As easy as that. Just took up that thing and call our pyzons. Our palliate. Dahlamaxus 1 800 mattress. They give you so much more than just great service. They give you choice of the top mattresses in the world. Exactly the kind of you like to sleep on extra firm extra soft extra smile, extra whatever. They got King Coral and Simmons, Seely, Serta. And of course, they got a delivery deal at a second and a month. You pick the day of the week any day, seven days. Like on a weekend, for example, like maybe on a Sunday or God forbid on a Sunday when you go to a football game. Like I said, maybe on Wednesday, when you're not doing anything else. Whenever it's convenient for you, any two are window like 10 to noon. 11 to one noon to two, 13 to three, 13, etc. And because they got every day, low prices, you don't have to sit around waiting for some special phony sale. No phony sales just unbeatable every day, prices and a 30 day in home cover guarantee. The test out the mattress, the intelligent way by doing your thing on it. So pick up that phone and call our right now. They can be there before the end of the day. You can be sleeping with a big smile on your post as soon as tonight. Call 1 800 mattress. That's what I always do. 1 800 MATT RES or check them out on that wicked worldwide web. If you're like at mattress.com. 5 There's a local VCC 560. 3 years old yours. QAIN. And beat that data meat. Are you a loser with no money? No friends? And most importantly, no personality? Yeah. The maybe it's time you start shopping at the dollar image. At the dollar image, we know you're such a loser that nothing you buy is really going to change that. So all our products are simple. Just like you. See this band? It writes. We think wow. And this watch. This watch tells time. That's all. It just tells time. Meadow. We also have radios that produce sound. Pen phones that fit on your head. And key chains that hold keys. So if you are a dull loser who can afford the sharp image, come into the dollar image today. The dollar image. Because image is everything. That you'll never have. Pen 18 at 560 WQM. I keep singing that song to myself over and over again all this morning. Volodye. Volodye. See, the reason they call it volory is because otherwise it wouldn't, I mean, you know, wouldn't have the same sound to it. Yeah. Right. Right. Volodye. See how it just, but if you say volodye, which would be the correct pronunciation in the Mohour show. The lawyers for, oh, and also George saw the Hannibal movie. Read the drag in. And said it was pretty good. And then just fine. But not great. Not great. But not great. Not great. I'm shocked. I can't believe that you didn't wait for the, a book like version you must have been really answered to see it. I didn't want to drive. You want to drive the game. I mean, you mean you got a guy that provides you bootleg copies of tapes and doesn't bring him to you? Sometimes he does. He was busy this week. Big shock guy like you has got a guy that say provider of bootleg videos and doesn't bring him to you? Sometimes, like I said. Boy, I'm actually most just don't make you to go on in his house to pick up that stuff. What's up with that thing? I've heard you Steve Amdoh making go to his house. Oh, that's right. This is making you to his house. His house is. And maybe you might want to bond with Todd Drek and pity Lenny at his house. Huh? Why you're picking the seeds out. Speaking of that, what a great segue. Lawyers for no well bush asked to close drug court hearings. No well bush is a attorney's advanced to judge to bar the public from court hearings under client's drug treatment, saying media attention violates a right to privacy court court records. Peter Antonaci, one of these three lawyers representing Governor Bush's only daughter. Sutter the judge's ruling this week that drug treatment workers do not have to testify about a piece of crack cocaine allegedly found in her shoe. This harsh glare of public scrutiny is the exact evil that both Congress and the Florida legislature sought to remedy by enacting broad confidentiality provisions to protect substance of these patients. Antonaci said a court documents filed Friday. Circuit judge Ronald Whitehead is supervised as the county's drug court. May decide to schedule a hearing on next week. An international's motion courts books woman Karen Levy told the Orlando Sutton on Saturday New elbow shoes said to appear this week before Whitehead held aside mother to keep bush in the diversion drug treatment program or senator to criminal court to face charges from a February rest. Bush was arrested for allegedly buying an anti-anxiety drug with a fraudulent prescription of teleansy pharmacy. Zannax is that correct? Yes. Zannax, if she were to head Moses home address, she could have gone over there and got it instead. Okay, but instead she goes and phony's up as prescription like a real rocket scientist. Because she's hooked. She's hooked on it. Bush threatens veto of defense bill. Alarm by the cost of expanding military entendment programs president Bush's threatened veto, the $355 billion authorization bill for new fiscal year of house and senate conforers do not eliminate new pension benefits for disabled military retirees that could cost from 185 billion to 58 billion over the next decade. Oh, and by the way, speaking of movies, the worst movie in the history of the human race bar none. I heard about that drive in channel. Yes. There was a very funny movie which I can't think of the name of it a real wacko set higher slap happy about this trailer park trash couple like I wish I should have written it down. And it were like drop in more Amsterdam was in it. Some really foul and vulgar style was hysterical was a panic. But the worst movie ever. There's not even a close second. It's called the teacher. Okay. Okay. I don't know if I've seen it. You know if you saw it and you know who's in it. I give up. J. North. All right. Number Dean is the penis sure. J. North could be the worst actor in the history of the human race. Now you think that anybody who's a child a very scrawny and grotesque and ugly and pasty and worst acting Jane or thin fact. If you look at upon the web. Look up the movie the teacher. Okay. One review of it on there by some reader you know some. And just rips it and asked Alexa what you never see and I thought I was I was high five in my monitor. I put my hand right on the monitor just like a good the morning in Kristen. Because it sure certainly acting was so bad and you had the feeling that there was no script that there were just kind of making it up as they went along. You heard of B movies. This was this wasn't even a Z there isn't a letter in the alphabet that would describe how bad this movie is. The teacher would Jane or oh my god were there any naked breasts in this movie. No okay. Only his. Oh. Oh. Pasty nasty ugly scrawny grotesque worst acting job in history. Make sure wish that Mr. Wilson would have done him on once and for all you know it. Come on Mr. Wilson you can get him. Hey Mr. Wilson. There you go. I see that that's a bad segue into business. Let's do it. Let me read the stories. I'll do some of the huh. No, what you don't know what the story is. Man and Canada be questioned in Jennifer Shortcase. Authorities are traveling thousands of miles to the Canadian Northwest Territories to question the US man about the shooting deaths of nine year old Jennifer Short and appearance. A rocky and county sheriff said this weekend. Sheriff Sam Pades said the 66 year old man was being held by the Roach Canadian Mounded Polis for alleged immigration violations among several people police want to interview. But of course no one including him has been named as a suspect in the case because in the uh, there never are any suspects. Right. Only persons have interest. Pades said late Friday was possible at the man being held as grab as an outdoorsman could be deported to the US. He was an outdoorsman of water feed wreck water from a creek probably. He'll be having anthrax in no time. We'll go anywhere we've got to it. If you any witness in this case, paid said we feel we need to talk to him. He may be having some information that may be beneficial. Jennifer vanished August 15 the same day her parents were found dead. Their best of Virginia home. On Friday, police confirmed that DNA testing showed that a partial skull and bones recently found a rocking and county north Carolina belong to the girl. Pades said Jennifer like her parents died from a bullet wound. Authorities began looking for the man after a search of his mobile home in rocking and county turned up a map on which the community around the short home was marked. The mounted police force in inufic northwest territories said it arrested the west citizen saw by North Carolina Virginia authorities whom they did not name on Thursday. Police said he was taken in custody of three questions. The citizens and immigration candidate. A statement the RCMP said the man was transported from in you victim yellow knife. All you don't want to go to yellow knife. Because after yellow knife, it's medicine had and after that they sent you to a red deer and Moestraw. For further questioning by immigration and law enforcement officials, what do you know about Moestraw, Mr. a star on a map? You don't even know Bobby Moose. The northwest territories are one of three Canadian territories which has substantial autonomy from the federal government. So how do you like that? But anyway, they've moved his ass over to yellow knife. In fact, maybe for lucky they'll give him the old yellow knife. You know what? You save a lot of taxpayer dollars. Save a lot of sluppin' him back here. Speaking of sick, a radio station suspended this jockey who called Dirl cows widow and on the ear prank and asked if she had a date to Thursday's playout camera. Are you familiar with this story? No, that's not really nauseating. The incident in rage cardal smandager Tony Laruson prompted apologies from the radio station in the Arizona Diamondbacks. KUPD FM Cupid, this jockey bowed to ran with suspended Friday for at least a week, said Chuck R.T. G.G. Markmanager for the Sanddestic Group, which owns the station. R.T. G. G. G. G. G. G. G. G. G. G. G. G. G. G. G. G. G. G. G. G. G. G. G. G. G. G. G. G. G. G. G. G. G. G. G. G. G. G. G. G. G. G. G. G. G. G. G. G. G. G. G. G. G. G. G. G. G. G. G. G. G. G. G. G. G. G. G. G. G. G. G. G. G. G. G. G. G. G. G. G. G. G. G. G. G. G. G. G. G. G. G. G. G. G. G. G. G. G. G. G. G. G. G. G. G. G. G. G. G G. G G G. G G. G. G G. G. G G. G G. G G. G G. G G. G G. G G. G G G G. GRAmos Spirit Matthew 2 Brianson Sam. St . Sti . Sti . Sti . We have Jesus, of O' We have Jesus and E Sprint of Son we have no Holy Spirit, did we have it? HE manger? shepherd? run on Father. станateurbonде in their place. Run on Father. some widow and the same you have a date for their game, etc. and so on is just about his sick as his kids. They had to like, they had to turn feather this guy in public. You ought to be drawn and corded right in the middle of a war with a hell of a was. In fact, I got a better idea. Take his ass up to yellow knife. Huh? Okay. Sounds good to me. Maybe you can do some shows in yellow knife and a caloid and in you Vic. Peace of crap. Third burger. Here's the parents coming to that school to take their kids home out of school in Bowie, Maryland. I don't want to start getting all melodramatic about it, but it's getting to be a little bit much in order to say, so six sick world and if you saw 60 minutes last night, you'll see a good part of the reason why and of course don't be telling me, well, people don't go around shooting people because religious fanaticism right. Just ask some of those abortion doctors. That's why I forgot the can't see your questions because they're dead. Ask some of those plant-parenthood workers who also can't answer your questions because they're dead. Tencent one and then the other that brought on your last night. Where did you know, you talk about being he deserved to get assassinated because it was God's will because he should never assign the Oslo McCord in the first place in Bababa Bababa. That's what he does for wanting peace. Brother. Brother. Keep them Christians away from you. Okay. Believe you. If you see some of he says, I'm a Christian. Run like a son of a bitch. Okay. Run a call of police. Call the non-Christian police. Hey, let me tell you something that is good for it. They can pop right in your push and feel good about it. It's called Orial Med. Orial Med is a little capsule. Like I said, he just pop a new mouth of contains all kinds of good stuff and they're pharmaceutical grade olive oil combined with vitamins and minerals and robles and there's a separate concoction to help different parts of your health. They have one product that's specifically designed to help your heart. One is tough to control your blood pressure, one for your cholesterol, one for your prostate. There's one for your circulatory system. You digest of end of your system. Your skin, your bones, even your mind and all of them use the benefits like I said of the finest olive oil that you'll find anywhere as an oleamets got products for men and ladies as well. Tell that's skipping by the way when he comes in. He's a real major asshole. Orial Med is a exciting new product that's up thousands of people in the South Florida. If you want to pick some up, do it right now. Hop into car and head over to Whole Food Markets or Walgreens or Sonanos in a viral pharmacy or make a pitch stop at eat if you like. For more information called a tool for number, one, eight, six, oleamets. That's one, eight, six, six oleamets which you can also order online if you like at oleametamerica.com. Jamie said my off the pitch, ladies. He thought it was the occasion to win and then we're getting too close to it. Now we'll head inside and tell the Texas for our barbecue. We're driving map. We're shooting the soil. We're shooting the soil. We're shooting the soil. We're shooting the soil. We're shooting the soil. We're shooting the soil. If they don't have fixed this one for three times, three thousand lives will never be a bench. We're shooting wash fucking. Also cut this soap in. You'll put a back in up in such a fire survive. Watch us the army thought you walk a fire. Punch us the party backGot, bunch of the shot. Punch us the party back, bunch of the Kyoto Youbedingt our even goodbye pushing his heart, you put the gun! It's not your head, you're a father, you should have got your head. M33560 WCM, Carlos, calm down. Give him a couple of doggy downers, will you please? Give him something you try to control, I mean, he's out of control. During the break, I don't know if you're watching this, but I'll see you in. There's another teenager who shot in Maryland. They got enough of people getting shot up there already without your creating any Carlos. To say one. Oops. Okay, gonna be all right. It's only one ball game, okay, it's just a football game, all right? Calm down. Whole radio station, you gotta understand folks, it's a sports station, okay? We don't give a crap about terrorists' attacks and about people getting shot and grow tests for where these things go and on. We're worried about important things like ball games. Oh, wow, you're talking. We got our priorities straight. Don't mess with us, baby. Or I'll go to Greg Reed if you start messing with me. I'll go to the freaking water Nazi and Greg Reed, how do you like that? I'll get George's bonus taken away, just out of spite. How do you like them, apples? I'll have the deducted from his 18-page ex. That's sort of they bring you a new contract, you know what? What are you laughing about? I had that call on Friday from Muff who was called to take my temperature. I said don't stick it in there, baby. You can call to take my temperature by way of Greg. So that stuff should have already been taken care of. They should have already had set that with Norman head there meet and Aaron that out and got you all set there now. But of course, you know the way they lie there lying is our middle name. Here's the fact that it's from Rick. He says it's to be Republicans, main control to the house and regain control of the Senate and remember elections. Squeeze your wallet tight. I'll be after your money unless you're one of the big right-wing contributors. Son of a long, big, big problem. You went inspection teams. We'll be okay for now. Oh, I see. This is all unconnected until the next election. All the CEO quirks there. I'm trying to get bogged down on the courts eventually. Be forgotten. Have you seen FSU coach Bobby Bowens and see how this face lift? I have to admit he looks better now. No more baguette. Go ahead. Haven't checked in out. Rick, I haven't seen Bobby Bowden. Okay. This is another girl school is what that program is degenerated into. If they can't keep up the level of the semi-prost status of the Huracones, they can't compete. And that's what's going to happen this Saturday, man. I hate to even think about the final score of that game is going to be. Bobby freaking Bowden. All right. He's got another girl's team up there now. Just like the Gators. Who did the Gators lose to Vassar over the weekend? I think it was. Oldness. I think they lost to you. Shiva this weekend. Might as well a bit. It's right. That's what you got because you of him. The Huracones, man. They go out there and they send up all those semi-prost guys. Those bigs farters. They don't mess around. Now how come they're sending me more of this Cheryl seal stuff that are ready for this article? You know, why are you fatsing me this early? Where this on the air? What was your favorite thing? What? That said part three. Now I already had this. Okay. How did you did this about John O'Neill? This one said that and Luca Brotsy said this. I already had this man. I think you and Carlos must have had a visit from the Steve M from David. Yeah, I thought I think we're not getting food delivered anymore. I think we're getting drugs delivered. Oh, we'll call the hints. We've been dropping on the air. Yeah, it's true. So it's just the same shooting in Prince George's County, Maryland. Okay, don't let Carlos get you people hysterical out there. Okay, it's tragic enough as it is. But he's trying to compound it now. He's heard a compound interest. He's got compound shootings going on. Just calm down. I guess they're not checking these polls out though because we have a new poll. The solid majority of Americans believe President Bush would give you when weapons inspectors time to act and should wait for support from allies before invading Iraq and New poll says before an Iraq attack. The CBS New York Times pull out yesterday also found a large and growing number of people on Bush to get congressional approval before going to war with many saying Congress is not asked enough questions about Bush's policy toward Iraq. The poll comes as Bush prepares to address questions about potential war in a prime time speech tonight. Congress is preparing to vote an authorizing force in Iraq later this week and Bush hopes to persuade Americans as well as skeptical world leaders that now is the time to confront Saddam Hussein now right before the election. The poll suggests Americans while the new of slowly. By a two to one margin they said they would prefer to see when weapons inspectors have more time to do their work before military action is taken. By a two to one margin. A majority 56% said that one country should not be able to attack another country unless it's attacked first when people asked the same questions specifically about the US. They were evenly split, 50. Two-thirds said the approve of military action moves Saddam Hussein is later Iraq but a large majority 70% want the Bush administration to approval from Congress. Don't have to worry about that. Those weak need Democrats, may they got spaghetti legs. 65% think it would be better to wait for allies before acting against Iraq and 51% think the Congress is not asking enough questions about Iraq policy while one in five said it's asking too many. Last month 44% said Congress was not asking enough questions out of 51. The poll of 606 needed else was taken Thursday to Saturday among the polls other findings. Some of these are fairly interesting by the way, usually these polls are boring. Let me give an example of boring poll, okay? Wait till you hear this, MSNBC yesterday on their website. Their poll question was never promoting it on a year. Do you think Osama bin Laden still live? Yes or no? I mean, is that an intelligence for an organization that's supposed to be a news organization? And they wonder why they got fractions and nobody wants to watch them? And even took that sparse around the year by the way, they got him off there real quick that Allen keys. Good. They said Allen keys is spinking out loud. Once he quit thinking after about two shows, that was the end of that. Was that the name of it something like that? I'm more Allen keys. We'll see him no more. Among the polls other findings, despite concerns about the possible war, 7 and 10 of a preferred here political candidates talk about the economy over war with Iraq. 7 out of 10 want to hear about the economy as opposed to Iraq. More than a third thing to economy will get worse if the West attacks Iraq and half think military action against Iraq would increase the risk of terrorist attacks. 6 and 10 said it over the Iraq is likely to lead to a water war involving other countries in the Middle East, 6 out of 10. More than half. Listen to this one, Georgie. I don't mean you. I mean him. Okay. More than half. 57% said they would base their vote for a candidate on economic policy before foreign policy. 4 and 10. 41% said they proved President Bush's handling of the economy. While 46% this approved his overall job approval was 63% which is still pretty amazingly good, but not what it was. More than half said they considered the economy fairly bad. 42% said that. Very bad. 14%. So 56% said it's fairly bad or very bad. Because Mickey Mouse would say terrible. Almost two thirds said Bush should be spending more time on the economy. Well, third said he spending as much time as he can. Almost two thirds said the President should be spending more time on the economy as the post like as they call it in the Yugoslavia Saber Rattler. 6% said that. This is for 20%. 6%. 2%. 2%. 2%. 2%. 1%. 2%. 2%. 2%. 2%. 2%. 2%. 4%. 5%. 1%. solution to your travel needs. As far as a new confasional concern that's isn't, your yellow star will now earn you up to 5,000 travel miles on Christian Railways. Triambles will now give you 2,000 miles and 50 miles per peak. A lifetime airline goal pass will be awarded at the International Reviews and Scrabber who will pass an agency to keep her from reading more clues. When you have the board, our plushly appointed freight cars, you get free water. Christian Railways say, Republicans don't hate, we hate hate. Hey, this is the old man who's been up all my hands over this burdened chance. 1044-560 WQM, you know that Cheryl Sealpiece, I didn't read that on the other side. I think that's the one I read. Okay. Anyone know how I know because the last line says history will be kind of John O'Neill. It will not be kind of George's WVush. Does that's how familiar? Sure does. That's because I already done that one. I already read that bedtime story. Okay. If we don't have time for long bedtime stories that we already have once before and I'll tell you one thing this thing from other Jones, that's going to take a long time to read that board again, Zionist. But since at least 10 people in the Saudi and Saudi and saw 60 minutes last night, at least another 10 people who saw that are pissed off and fired up about these crazy board again Christians. I want you to look do a little detective work. We can't say it on here, but you know that's spot we just crossed out on Lines Break. Yeah. Did we find a reason for that? I don't know. But I think if you do some detective work, it might be very interesting. Okay. I could be wrong about that. Maybe I'm a little bit paranoid, but since we had a new piece of copy and you just did we scrapped that up, I don't think so. There could be only one or two reasons which I want mention on here. Join the overnight boys, Joe and Mark tonight, nine to 11 against these and Kendall stopped by to win prizes and drew a crown world specials. It's Monday night's football at Can't Spees and Kendall. Go over there and get plow. Make sure somebody else grabs your home, give them the keys. Go over there and get plug because the promise is to be a really crappy game. Okay. So go over there and bug those guys a lot. Ask them a lot of questions about Mo and about Orlando Marae. Volare. Volare. Okay. You can't sing it that way, you know? It's just interrupts to then fit in with the music. Can you do no, no, I would be wrong. I just it's just it'll work for me. I don't know. Maybe I'm wrong. Marine Dow's got another, how's the pull coming? 250. votes. Only hell. You notice that's the crank vote now at least 40 funny votes. Which in these do you believe in? Once you did your history 88 there's only one hell at South Florida 70. Good point. Only hell 43. That's the crank most of the crank life after death but no heaven and hell 29. Have it handheld 21 and only heaven 7. How about 7 11 and heaven? Huh? This is sure there's heaven to be in 7 11 especially when you got a big gold. See the one my favorite set of ones you can take a bath in. The sodas you can take almost like a put in your bathtub and fill it up. The big, the big big gulp. Super size it baby. Super size it. Marine Dow. Now what's the word she uses today? And our rap scallion I do know. I know that word but she's got some where while get to it and then we'll like uh together. It lament because I know you're not going to know it either. Anyway she says there was a time to wash them when the word rapture was used to. We're further rap scallion senators chasing exotic dances. Our president joined a pizza with an intern. But now when you heard the word rapture whispered in political circles it refers to the biblical vision of a terrible final war in Jerusalem between the forces of light and darkness and the consequence of sentient of saved Christians snatched up the heaven from their cars computer terminals and food courts. A mere two months ago democratic leaders were rapturous about their future thinking that here it is L or you'll see a.t. Loush. Nope. See it's a French thing again. Thinking that CEOs and crappy CEOs crooks and a logie economy would combine to give them back the house and strengthen their control of the senators they hid into 2004. Now with the White House to success and changing the subject to Iraq Democrats the future and the wilderness. They fear that President Bush eliminated some Jewish voters during his campaign when he brought Jesus into the debate but please many after he won with his unquestioning support of Israel may be able to use the victory over Saddam to fulfill one of the Republicans fondest dreams a realignment of Jewish voters from liberalism to conservatism. Such a revolution will build upon the alliance and begin in the Reagan era between conservative Jews and evangelical Christians. Oye! These days the partnership is benefiting from the sense of a mutual enemy Islam. The Reverend Jerry Falwell who said Islam teaches hate went further on 60 minutes last night when he asserted I think Mohammed was a terrorist. Evangelicals firmly supported Israel for theological reasons of their own based on a literal reading of the book of Revelation that defines the Jewish commonwealth with the apocalypse and second coming. As Mr Falwell instructs you and I know there's not going to be any real peace in the middle of Jerusalem. Well if he sits on the throne you think the media be in there with there many cans? I'm sure. That's where democratic senators and despondent liberals muddled that Jews are being snuckered. You think the first coming a Christ was bad for the Jews? Just wait. When the rapture comes, they grouse the holy alliance between Christians and Jews will suddenly become unholy with Christians love attaining and Jews let behind a deal with the anti-Christ, plagues, swords, boils, frogs, the embocinication of everybody loves Raymond and look as from the bottomless pit. Each with a human face, horses, body, scorpions tail on a sting that torments for five months. This is a grim comedy of mutual condescension said that says Leon Wyselter, the Jewish scholar and literary editor of the New Republic, the evangelical Christians condescended Jews by offering their support before they convert or kill them. And a conservative Jews condescended Christians by accepting their support by believing that their eschatology is nonsense. This is a fine example of a political exploitation of religion. On 60 minutes Mr Falwell boast of obsciiment it's Bible leaf that the Bible built in America's Israel's only safety belt right now. Mr Salmon reports that Zion's Christian soldiers say there are bigger sources of support for Israel than American Jews and Oshan Mr Wyselter calls insulting to the American Jewish community. The Christian coalition is holding a Christian solidarity with Israel rally on the Mald Friday. Speakers will include Mr Falwell, Pat Robertson, Tom Delay, Jesse Helms, Oliver North and the one-time Gary Hart campaign in a monkey business don't arise hews, I guess they couldn't get Jessica Han. In addition to done in Christian spiritual armor against Israel's enemies as the coalition's president Roberta Combs, she must have been that brother was on last night. Yeah. Participants will pray for a reformer or a harnation sold by casting aside a abortion pornography drugs and other manifestations of world decline. Influential Jewish conservatives inside and outside the administration have been fearsome supporting a war on Sodom, thinking it could help Israel by scramble the Middle East map and encouraging democracy. But the Democrats are terrified that a resounding bush war victory will unleash frogs in 2002, boils in 2004 in political armor getting. What profit in which desert would have ever dream that the forehorses of the apocalypse would turn out to be trendlock, tomboli, denny hashtored and done nickels. Rights moving down today's news today's New York Times. Oh brother, save us from religious crazy people. Let's all I can tell you. Let's put that in. Let's put that in. One and a half million march against the tack on Iraq anti-war rallies change Italy on Iraq question mark rights, Eric J. Lyman. This is on a really good the website common dreams a new center. Yes. More than one and a half million Italians took to the streets of dozens of Italian city Saturday afternoon, and evening to protest possibly U.S. military action against Iraq, a surprise show of discord that could be forbidden for the Italian government to rethink its support of Washington. The larger than expected protestor placed with that violence, the spikes speculation from some fronts that the gatherings could become dangerous especially the U.S. citizens. On Friday, the U.S. embassy enrols circulated the warning of the citizens residing in or visiting Italy to stay away from the demonstrations because of fears that they could become targets for violence. But even though the protests were peaceful, demonstrators made it clear that the oppose U.S. action against Baghdad, the stance is significant because up to this point, Roman London had been president Bush's strongest allies in Europe. Most European leaders, most vocally, France's job-sharok and garehart-sharodor of Germany have called on diplomatic means to diffuse tensions between the U.S. and Iraq. For several weeks of tannins have been saying that they were opposed to action against Iraq, but this is the first time they put those words into action where we are Rossi, a code of activity, polling firm, opiniony, told U.P.I. All of she knows Orlando... The site of th- The site of thousands of tannins on the streets protesting against the Potential War in Iraq has to be a sobering site for government officials who need public support for other issues. Government officials were not available for coming under stance on U.S. or reconciliation Saturday, but local TVs do the same conclusion as Rossi. If the government can ignore this, it can ignore anything, said one on the scene journalists were on the network last seven in Milan. Last set day. On this day, the attiding people of Scork and they say they're against support for the American position. Opinion poll support that due with a week old survey from Opinion, he's showing that more than two out of every three attiding's opposed any kind of armed conflict over Iraq and nearly four out of five attiding's opposed to attiding participation in such action and less of his part of a UN sponsored force. How do you like that? As they see in most languages, no. That's what they say. Olandamare... It's just... it don't ring with me. You know what I'm saying? All the songs they used to sing. Olandamare... he kicks him far, you know? I just don't have that attiding ring to it. Olandamare... Where did that come from? Is he just making these new names up as it goes along or what? I think it's a jet conspiracy myself. How come I don't raise him? Oh, he's getting delays in the... He found a 34 yard attempt by Olandamare is right down the middle. Olandamare... We don't want to nitpick on stuff like that, do we? 1053 at 560, WQM, we got the man dog coming to Wattaclock. He'll straighten it out for it because he says Olandamare. Now how can it be possible? Because he immediately followed up by a call to Olandamare. I guess it's like Abbot and Costello, like Frick and Frack. Like a Wayne and Chuster, something like that. Like, uh, Laman Abner. Thomas Friedman writes into the New York Times yesterday. Anyone seen any Democrats lately? Head of all I Tom. Ever since President Bush took off, has have had this feeling the only serious opposition party in America, at least in foreign policy, was made up of three people and none of them were Democrats. The only three people, Mr. Bush really worries about. The only few people who could take big constituencies with him if they openly part of company with a president on an issue like Iraq, our colon pal, Tony Blair and John McCain. What happened to the Democrats? Well, I know by their whining that their voices have been cynically drawn up by Mr. Bush's focus on Iraq. The problem with the Democrats is not that they're being drowned out by Iraq. The problem with the Democrats is they have nothing compelling to say on all the issues besides Iraq. Iraq is winning control of the agenda by Democratic default not by Republican design. I spent the last month traveling the country on a book tour during which I said that what worried me most after 9 levels was the kind of world my girls were going to grow up in. I rented as so many Americans who share that concern. After we're talking Atlanta one guy came up to me just open his wallet and showed me the picture of his daughter he didn't say a word. The point is that I can assure the Democrats who I'm Mr. Bush may be obsessed with Iraq. Most Americans are worrying about their jobs. The stock market, the environment in the fact that their kids may not grow up as open the open and peaceful world as they did. The biggest security concert of Americans today is not Iraq or Osama. It's the fear that America itself could be weakened by short-term greedy decisions taken by politicians squandering our hard ones surplus or corporate executives squandering our pensions underbinding our markets. And Americans are right to be concerned because without a strong American holding the world together and doing the right thing more often than not, the world really would be a Habesian jungle. Got it? No. No, you remember Lorraine Hobbs, a badass coming in there? Oh, because I believe that this is what is really long in Americans because I believe that Mr. Bush is not really addressing this broader concern but is still running on the momentum of a strong military performance right after 9 11. There is a leadership opportunity for bold Democrats but where are they? Where are the Democrats who ready to work you forcefully that the future test cuts that Mr. Bush pushed through are utterly reckless and need to be repealed because they'll erode the resources that the government needs to remain a great power at this age of uncertainty. And they send a terrible signal of our kids, corporate leaders in the world that all that matters is short-term me first gratification. Where are the Democrats who would declare that the best way to enhance our security make us better global citizens reduce our dependence on Middle East oil and leave a better planet for our kids is a Manhattan project designed to a developer renewable energy source along with greater conservation. Mr. Bush is totally ignored the longing by young Americans to be drafted for such a grand project to strike the New American so-to the Democrats. Where are the Democrats who would declare that confronting Sodom is legitimate but must not be dealt with our real preparation of the West public. The campaigning Sodom's regime will take weeks building your back into a more decent state with real civil society will take years. But it is this latter project that's the most important to want to really get to the underlying threat from the Middle East which is it's failed states. But do we know how to do such nation rebuilding and if we do do Americans want to pay for it? We need to go and prepare for this task which is unavoidable if we really intend to disarm Iraq or stay out and rely instead of more aggressive containment because half-hearted nation building always ends badly and which early weekend us why are the Democrats clarifying this? At the moment the Bush team is leading the nation much more by fear than my hope. The Democrats can only win or only deserve to win if they can offer a bold alternative. And that would be a program for strengthening America based on hope, not fear, substance, not spin, a program that addresses the primary concerns of Americans now, the future for the kids whose pictures they carry right in their wallets, where it's time for many yesterdays New York times. Good point Tom, other than Ted Kennedy, where are the Democrats? Anybody seen any lately? Other than those spineless cowards on their like Dick Gibb heart and the waffling a Tom Dashl who are all over the place, even at the waffel house they never saw so much waffling going on. All right, you do like waffles. Yeah, they're Belgian waffles. They're okay, guys. They're crazy. A lot of whipped cream and strawberries. 1057 at 560 WQM. Hey, if you spill a whipped cream and strawberries on a carpet, man, you're going to have a mess. In fact, I guarantee that you plenty of things soda hot-foot Sundays dogs and all kinds of stuff not only gets a spilled on your carpeting, but also when you walk on your grinds it down and then the fibers of your carpet. If you want them looking just like Brandspank in New here's the answer you call the miracle workers at dry concepts. I've been using in my house for about a thousand years, seriously over 20 years. And they've been around in town for well over 20 years. The reason they've lasted that long while the others have come and gone is because they do a stupidious job and they give you a square deal all the time. They give you a written guarantee price before they start to job. They dry clean your carpets which sucks out even that deep downed. It makes them look like Brand new smell. Many fresh their dry in a couple of hours and it's like a miracle right there on your floor. And they also do an unbeatable job of paying your furniture and drapery spotting fiber protection. Carpet repairs in Plain O'Re am a rarve service, the odourization, and if you have a flood in the house complete water damage restoration too. Nobody nowhere does it for you. I drive concepts in Broward County call 950-437078. 950-7778 in data palmates is a tool free call 1-800-2485071. 1-800-2485071 clean today entertained tonight with dry concepts. In the tradition of the disaster musical comes Andrew Lloyd Weber's Jews in the attic. The Anne Frank Dyeries, you'll leave the theater humming those catchy tunes like no more beans. I'm writing all this down. Don't flush till a Nazis go home. I turn in my parents for a stick of the odourance. It's Jews in the attic. The Anne Frank Dyeries, CD available now. L'Ebrow 2 at 560-WDQA. I'm so anyway I'm looking at the schedule for tomorrow and not only is monodon there but I know something very interesting. I'm going to probably have an odour stick because you're not as perspicacious as I am. Steve Goldstein and Don Bailey Juni tomorrow morning. No, and look who's the updoin the updates. Beast. The Beast. How do you like that? It's neither. And he's only the the Beast is only there when the mow is not. So I guess the deal is they can't be on the show together. I guess that's the ultimate. No, seriously, if the mow is away then the Beast can play but if mow is in town and Beast goes down. If you don't have a hall like this, then you can see the third person. Yeah, yeah, yeah, likely to receive. Always making excuses for stuff like this. Here's a good editorial from the Washington Post yesterday. Ties ready and we're talking about. By the way, we'll get to the bottom of the hour after the break. Don't let me forget. I better start this and don't be fash me all this stuff. Save it. Save it. I don't have time. I almost it's really great. Is it great? Because I hear that fast machine vector cranking and cranking and cranking and cranking. It's kind of like what they do on our board. You know, you're interested in this. On what I'm picking up right now. Yes. And all our blitz. All about Tom Brady. Well, I did that. Can way, especially after yesterday. Okay. He can wait. Give my haircut. By the way, he needs he. I think that's what data was. Tom had been here yesterday. It was a bad here day. It was bad all the way around. Tommy. Nobody's perfect sweetheart. He still looks a lot better in J. Feeley. I think we got a quarter back. Uh-huh. I think he's going bald. Tommy? Yeah. He's got a he's going to bald spot. You're right. He's got a receding here line. And I think he patterned games like yesterday. He may lose it real fast and they're here to he'll be all right. They'll be okay. One game doesn't make a season. Okay. Yeah, right. Now what was I just about to say there? Oh, yeah. When we get to the bottom of the hour I'm going to have to start that article of born against I'm because it's I don't know how long it's going to take. It's very long. Okay. All right. It's pondressing when you do a bedtime story that's that long. You don't want to be interrupted. The mid follow what I'm saying right before the show because then we'd have to go over on mad dog show, you know? And reading a thing about born against Zellot, the Barbishon, born again Christian on a mad dog show. Especially the day after that big dolphin victory. I love what mad I did hear that one thing where he said at the end of the game. It's electric here today. It's been like it wasn't the electric. It was a boring game. It was a bad game. I mean, I get to the dolphins credit their defense played great, but it was a bad game. It wasn't exciting. It was never close. It was a four-gone conclusion. It's stunk. You want to see a great game? How about that open Buffalo game, huh? Your bloods so pass it for 50,000 yards every week and they still lose because they have no defense as soon as the At the team gets the ball. Oops. And once it arrived, we're completed to the guy in a white uniform. Sorry, you had to run guy. But that was an exciting game. 49. What was it for? 925. I'm like that. Yeah, I think it was 50. I think this word 52. What I remember was it was a lot of points an exciting game up and forth and back and forth and lead changing. That's an exciting game. I'm not playing the dolphins on it because of the fact that the Patriots missed the bus. New York, a Washington Post rather editor-old yesterday, the faming islam. One of the high water marks after 911 last year was President Bush's leadership in urging Americans not to condemn Islam because of the actions of extremists in the name of their faith. He set aside his war planning to visit the mosques at the Islamic Center of Washington where he reminded the nation that Islam is peace and it managed Americans not to take out their anger on his innocent American Arabs and Muslims. In an appearance before a joint session of Congress, Mr. Bush denounced the terrors as traitors to their faith. The preachings of Osama bin Laden he said where he wrote test distortion of a great religion and despite several highly publicized incidents of threats and lashing out at people thought to be Muslim, most Americans have heated the president's message resisting the ugly lure of religious intolerance and hate. The same however cannot be said of some key leaders of the religious right in America who are counted among President Bush's closest political allies. And their noxious mix of religious bigotry and anti-Muslim denogatory, Mr. Bush's silence is definitely. How do you like that? Let me read that sentence again. And on their noxious mix of religious bigotry and anti-Muslim denogatory, Mr. Bush's silence is definitely. We have in mind several religious conservative leaders who come Mr. Bush's one of their own. There is the Reverend Franklin Graham Son and successor and a participant in the presence in auguration who has declared Islam a very evil and wicked religion and there is Christian coalition founder and TV evangelist Pat Robertson who said that the link Islam is a peaceful religion is fraudulent, Mr. Robertson and full attack mode himself called the prophet Muhammad and absolute wildlife fanatic a robber and brigand they killer. And in appearance on the CBS program 60 Minutes Lies Night, the Reverend Jerry Falwell completed a demonization of a religion by smearing the prophet of Islam as a terrorist. These are not just the words of a fringe movement, the speakers are leaders among the religious right in America moving close to a president who speaks their language. They embrace his mutual and therefore fall to the president of Reckless Silence on the gross distortion and to put some distance between their rhetoric and his own professions of tolerance. To avert his gaze from the ractions is to permit the fall wells, Robertson's and Graham to legitimize their own perverse teachings to their association with the president of the United States if their words are not his then the president must say so. So says the Washington Post. How do you like that? All right. Well put and I guarantee he's mom. He's his mom as it gets because just like Falwell said last night there's 70 million of us baby. We're uh we're he's tied to us and he's going to get more letters. We got him by the short ones man. That's right. How they got 100 as soon as they told his real to get out of the goddamn uh after they um made that last grotesque in person there and I said he said get out 100,000 telegrams. There were knee deep in telegrams. It was like in a movie network. They walked to their armpits. They were sucking telegrams at the White House from all these board again, finatic alluded to. You leave you as we alone baby and they say okay. Even stay. Do whatever you want. Have some hall of a. Jeff Bush's fans Fred over his controversial remarks being of in tempered comments. This is from the Palm Beach Post. Governor Jeff Bush is usually well disciplined campaign. He's still trying to grapple with what maybe the most serious mistake of the campaign. His own words. Uh, Kauron take talking about DBS plans to undermine a state amendment requiring smaller public school class sizes and juicy details about in leds lesbian relationship between two former caregivers of Missy Mommy child really Wilson. Bush tried to Saturday to change the subject with a little effect. A little effect. I'm gagging on it. Uh, a little died, so to there. Now some of Bush's closest devices probably awarded Bush may have done serious damage to his campaign and a time when he raced against Tephalor, Bill McBride is perilously close. Oh, right. Bush is right. I just say they can only hope that news reports about this conversation last week with five conservative panhandle lawmakers quickly will fade from the front pages in evening news. Bush didn't realize a reporter from Gennett regional newspapers of Florida was present taking notes and recording the conversation. If on Monday, we're still talking about this. We're going to have a problem set of Bush adviser who acts of course not to be identified. State Tunes says the McBride campaign which spent a second day hammering Bush. What I say in private is the same thing I said to you from this podium. McBride told 130 liters of union groups in Orlando. His supporters could hardly contain their glee at Bush's discomfort. I think the governor has made a very, very serious mistake that he's going to have to answer for since their abenidic and Orlando Legal Secretary. I think what voters are seeing is the real Jim Bush. Some of who has little tolerance for people who don't look like him or act like him or smell like him. Democratic Party leader said Bush's words could mark a major turning point in a campaign. Oh, what was that? Oh, oh, javascript over some huge ammunition said Bob Poe State Democratic Party chairman. This is the kind of thing that all, uh, uh, his money can't explain away. I wonder Bob Poe ever rated Poe folks. Why stupid or red soup, huh? Oh, there's something about the South that just gives me the willies. A Republican Party strategy is working with Bush did not disagree. So the governor's election team was was struggling with the problem was waiting for the nearly certain Democratic TV ads. It'll try to keep the issue fresh until they remember fifth election. Poe would not speak specifically about future ads. But McBride's campaign made it clear that Democrats would not let Bush off hope. He said, can you let me off the hook for all time? Say can't do a jelly. This is an important issue when people getting a chance to see what the real Jim Bush is all about. It's not a pretty picture said Tony Welch, I McBride spokesman. Republicans painted a launch new attack. Some of Bride's record is managing partner Helen and Knight. New stories already have explored McBride's record there where he's both credited with making it one of the top US law firms, which in West Pay and benefits for even the most junior workers and criticized for letting the firm grow too fast, resulting in layoffs after he left. Todd Harris Bush's campaign spokesman said the reason controversy is unfortunate for us because more of what it drowned out than anything else. Well, too bad. Too bad about those juicy and devious plans, baby. And that's exactly what he's he's one of what we're talking about today. They can't have hold our family. But your hypocritical right wing born again, goody to issue Bible Thumpin, phony baloney, dysfunctional assholes is what it's all about. That's exactly what it's all about. You like to make a about it. Huh? You left out big at it. Well, I goes that goes with the territory. Just like that piece in a Washington Post religious, bigotry, zealotry, insanity, hate, which is what religion promulgates more than anything else. It doesn't give most people peace of mind. It gives them an excuse to legitimize their hatreds. Always been that way. Finn there? Done that? Continue being there, doing that? Always will. And these lunatics don't want to drag us kicking and screaming in armor again. We'll wait. Okay. We're not in any hurry. We've waited this long. We can't wait another, you know, a couple hundred years. We'll wait. Rabbit. Those people on at your last night were Rabbit. They might as well have been foaming at the mouth. Crazy people. Just like that. That's what they should have been doing. And of course, it's good that they put this stuff on. So that everybody can at least have an opportunity to be exposed to what it's all about. But on the other hand, they get so much guidance. And every time there's any issue going on in the world, whether it's attacking or wreck, whether it's the economy, whether it's anything. There's that fat-faced fart fall well on there. Rubbin is a purple-ticky wiki. With a lot of help gives a crap about what he has to say. Why should we care about that? Because he's fattened, disgusting and a religious fanatic and a hateful piece of crap. That other than that, the way, gluttony's a sin, Jerry. Yeah, gluttony's a sin. You can't burger just see if you and Ernest Ainsley who makes everybody else heal. But can't grow his own hair back, huh? Maybe if he would just take off that awful looking piece. He should have been our polio the other day. You know what bad looking airpieces? But I guess they forgot about him. Ernest Ainsley. Say baby, baby, baby, baby, baby. Say baby. Though worst hairpiece in history, man. He made, uh, he can make Sam Donaldson look like Tom Brady. That's right, Tom made look like Sam pretty soon. Let's send Tom Brady into Charles off here in a couple of years, okay? Is it a deal? Sure, why not? We'll hook him in a deal. 295 votes on a poll. Which of these do you believe in? Once you dead your history 101. There's only one hell. It's so forward to 82. Only hell. Forget about that. Those are all crank votes. Life after death, but no heaven or hell 35. Have an and hell 26 and only heaven. Eight. All of that. Kevin for the great eight, you know? Well, that's good. I mean, it's pleasant. We're all going to go to heaven. And we're going to sit around. Of course, we are going to see each other because we're going to have no body right. But we'll be saying, oh, I feel there's a spirit over there. Can you want to, we won't want to see each other. Yeah. It's just like when you see pictures of people who went to school with 30, 40, 50 years ago. And you say, oh, I don't want to see them anymore. Thank you. 1113 at 560 WQM. Does this sound like you overworked under paid stuck in a dead end job and under appreciated? Well, do yourself a favor. Pick up the full and call it good people at fast train. Our good palies at this toll free number. 1, 866 fast train. The demand for certified computer professionals has never been bigger and better than it is right now. And fast rank and up your chief of new career in his little is four months. Fast train is soft lord is largest certified Microsoft training center with locations in Pembroke. Pines, they're in Fort Lauderdale, they're in Kendall and and prestigious Miami, too. Fast train offers convenient. The evening and weekend classes for it. They got a full time job placement to problem with over 30 years experience. So if you're overworked, underpaid, under appreciated, jerked around and some dead end job if you're working for some butt plug, don't wait one more minute. Pick up the phone and call fast train and get you self on a way to a real career and a real fat paycheck. Ah, see, so as I said, we'll fat. I started a gagging. Call 1, 866 fast train and think about it in just four short months. You can really be on your way to becoming a high paid computer professional and career with greater than potential. Take my advice, pick that thing up right now, squeeze it, fuddle it and then pick up the phone and call fast train. 1, 866 fast train. That's 1, 866 fast train or check them out on the web if you like at www.fasttrained.com. Alright, this is G Gordon Lydia and they don't come any worse than Neil Rogers. Welcome back to the Mohawad David's show where with Jack Willazini, but good, clean family fun. You know that pipe smoke and giz goes let things rapes funny. Is that funny? Plays crashing into buildings is funny too, huh? What? What? What? What? Since when is gang rape funny? Especially when it's me getting my t-bag grip. What a jacket. Hey, how about in hurry today? I'm in a local tattoo when I talk. This is important. They don't know comedy. I'll show them comedy. Today I brought my collection of Laman Abneteeps. Oh? Laman Abneteeps? Yeah, more on. They even named the restaurant after Lump. Yeah, you cluelish, Muck. We'll get back to that later. Right now it's time for our transcendent mid-show snack. Bring the morning mayo his food. Ah, here they are. My favorite place to die. I got some booker. Dig in a very buddy. What is it, smint? Looks like a donut. Thoughts of the vain embryos from planned parenthood deal in the hood. But it's good. I'll tell you. Try it with the cocktail sauce. A beast. Complete at all as Cooper wrecking. There's a little atmosphere for you to help the gold down the gullet. Maybe I really dig that out of school for sea? I'm with. I'm here. I'm a headstab, dude. The feet from pulling the wall was good. Yeah. That's a more sense-end here. I'm playing your palette, dude. Thanks, Muck. All right. Oh, he got the meat head mad dog coming up at one. Followed by that fat jewel right after the quay and the spick. What's that? It's a play. The play. We're bored. It's headed right for your ass, Muck. I'm going to win. 11, I think it's 5, 60 WMC. You know what they know about the shooting at that school in Prince County, Maryland? Nothing. Right. Absolutely nothing. But a press conference is scheduled shortly. And I'm sure there'll be just as informative as all the other press conferences we've had in every decent Wednesday. And we're still going to say, well, what not? We don't know nothing. Yeah, you're right about the Tommy Brady stuff here. It's pretty interesting. From the Boston Globe. So if it's from the Boston Globe, it probably is pretty interesting. It says the media matters in Avenue are throwing themselves on football's newest star, Patre's quote of Act on Brady. All right. You can't escape him. Going to Duck and Donuts in Tom Brady is their larger than life, flashing those perfect white teeth and flogging the new steak egg and cheese sandwich. Grab past the city bus in areas section despite the silly milk mustache urging you to drink three glasses a day. Tom Brady with a milk mustache, huh? Pick up a recent TV guide. He's gritting at you from the cover. Did offer Boston Magazine in sports illustrated and tough stuff in GQ, where he's lost the $28 million smile, but kept the trademark left chin. In huge types of story begins, Tom Brady is the latest and most glamorous and reached the line of wholly unanticipated, superwoman in quarterbacks. In the past several months, Brady has been as the judge of the MZ USA pageant and visited the Playboy mansion. He said he has to the first note of the last one. He's been named one of people magazine's 50 most beautiful people, alongside Cameron Diaz and Denzel Washington. Denzel Washington is a period of time. Here's shirtless on the cover of a sports illustrated. I just happen to have that right over here. Which calls him the new Prince of the NFL, Becket Football card monthly put Brady on his most recent cover and tough stuff cover features in throwing a football, the Patriot Tom Brady's DenFL's All-American Boy it says. The cover also announces a special deal, when a $550 Tom Brady signed helmet in autographed 16 by 20 inch photo of him is listed at 180 bucks. Just a year ago, the 6th round rap pick was specializing in warming the bench, the Patriots' fourth string quarterback Brady had thrown a ball exactly once in a program. It was earning up for the year what drew Blitz homemade in half a game. But that was before last September 23 when Blitz was seriously slingered and Brady was called an off-the-vents. The rest of course is Super Bowl history. Tom Brady's a nice guy hates to say no to fans to reporters to endorsements. The result is he's everywhere. His Dimple Chin is now as familiar as Britney Spears' belly button. The women love it. But the brahmanas believe your name should be in the newspaper three times in your life when your born married and die are dollars horrified. As long as he wins, the women's fickle fans are okay with it. If he keeps losing much for a region-wide case of Tom Brady fatigue up there with the West Nal virus. If his teammates are jealous of the attention they hide it well, that's what a pretty facial get you along with a lot of athletic abilities said David Patton. William Aginist and Larry Iso jokingly in order that Brady has a separate shower in his own locker room, I think Tom's gotten a little bit big headed said Aginist. We have to make an appointment to speak to him in the locker room. Seriously he adds his pretty well-grounded, he's a normal kind of guy. He's a California kid like myself and played with a lot of heart. But one FNFL source of ice not to be identified believes that you over exposure of Tom Brady could get ugly. He's not sophisticated in this series. His agent is not doing him any favors in the long run. It's not good for him. His valuable deteriorated could potentially cause problems on his team. But lonely we say like chocolate and the beetles, you can never get to get too much of a good thing. Herewith we offer our own list of possible magazine covers for Tom Brady. Martha Stewart living, Tom Brady's tips on turning a helmet into a vase. Vib, hip hop hunks, p. Diddy and T. Brady. Newsweek a year later in Asian Rembers Tom Brady. American girl Tom Brady does sex Harry Potter. A CQ get the Tom Brady looks, Scally caps and jeans. The Aladdin muckly, Tom Brady grabs a plan for global dominance. Modern maturity Tom Brady's mom shares her secrets on HRT. Town of country from Franklin to Quincy, how Quincy I'm sorry, how I went big city by Tom Brady. Business week how Tom Brady outsmited the beer. With an instant apostrophe afterward, in parentheses. Got it? Got it. Food and wine, burgers and beer with Tom Brady. Yankee magazine Tom Brady shares his apple pyres. And this just in in the very latest issue of magazine Rosio Donald a queen of self promotion, which I guess would be the last issue, analysis of new collaborations he's turning Rosy into Tommy, the first cover story, the art of over exposure. How do you like that? And speaking of over exposed, that disgusting fact bitches on this morning with Pula, on CNN and that awful morning show. Oh, good, golly Miss Molly. Are we ever gonna see the end of her? Oh. She's one of those people refuses to go away. She keeps threatening you go away. She quit the TV show. She quit the magazine and she just won't go away. Philip Morris loses $28 billion suit. California jury urge is number one cigarette maker to pay reputed to damages. 28 billion. Got that right here. Philip Morris company the number one cigarette maker was ordered Friday to pay a record 28 billion dollars to a 64-year-old woman with lung cancer who blamed her tobacco addiction on the company's faded Warner of the rest of smoking. Right. Philip Morris vowed to appeal after LA jury awarded Betty Bullock of Newport Beach, California with the company said was the largest single a judgment against it. Higher before the news, shares of Philip Morris doubled more than 7% Friday. The 28 billion would amount to 38% of the companies, 72.9 billion in revenue last year. I think it'll be reduced 28 billion is a bit much said Marty Errantz and a tobacco analyst that Errantz and Washington research still Errantz and respects the award. Or rather suspects he would may encourage suits beyond California or jury's have appeared more willing to favor plaintiffs into back home cases. The MSB keeps saying it's a West Coast phenomenon, Errantz and said, I don't know if we know it's just the West Coast. I think the industry has got some rocky roads ahead and we all can agree on one thing. We love rocky road. Man. No fish food. It's known Nestle's turtle, but we do love our rocky road. Don't worry. You bet. Show off. Airport knife sends mad a jail. I wonder for the yellow knife. I Wisconsin pharmacist who cared in a carry on bag through Palm Beach International Airport Security was a devious and concealing it under the insol of a running shoe and intentionally violated national security a judge said Friday and hanging down a 30-day jail sentence. Palm Beach County Judge Paul Moil. You must have some cutting comments, you know. Settemessives had to be sent to airline passengers in the American public in a case that you have a news media attention and was taped for later broadcast on court TV. James Cobb's 40 activists is on attorney and try to convince jurors last week that he mistakenly placed the shoe with a knife in his carry on bag while shuffling three pairs of shoes between his bags. He mistakenly placed the shoe with a knife in his carry on bag. The judge rejected that claim and comes for whatever reason chose to try to bring the knife aboard the March flight. There is zero tolerance. There are consequences. This is national security issues said Moil who praised the airport screen is for detecting the knife. And you know what a Moil does with an eye. That's right. FNA. So when in Daphne if I'm out. I think I think we'd all agree on that's good punishment. I'll send a back. Send a back home. 1126 at 560 WCWA and for years you've heard me talk about diets about losing weight and you want to know why? There's a lot of us are fat. That's right. Everybody in their brothers trying to take advantage of you. Well, let me tell you right now. There's a store that wants to give you an opportunity to go into and browse around try it a little bit of this a little bit of that before you buy and see all the amazing these Zillions of products they have specifically designed for people who are desperate to lose that weight. Can you imagine little no carb no fact delicious scoop of ice cream on a hot day like today? Is today a hot day? Where here? Yeah, sure right here of course on a hot day like today down there. How about over a thousand low carb or no sugar products is ready for you to taste? And these things are all waiting for you at the likes of West Boca your atkins headquarters. And you can always like I said try them before you buy them. And if you like it's 25% off all atkins products all the time from candy to kofi snacks, breads and vitamins the likes of West Boca's got it all with more great stuff arriving every day like the new controlled carb brownies they just got in four delicious flavors like peanut coconut, classic and cherry and they taste like grandma's recipe although my grandma never made brownies I don't think I'm other made brownies. I don't think my grandma ever made anything worth eating. You like to West Boca in the northeast corner of Lades in 440 and in Boca open. Although she did make good moths of all as anyone who likes because they were hard to back of the spoons stuck to the moths of all. You know what I'm saying? Yeah, that's when you go to chop off a little piece the back of the spoons sticks to the moths of all then you know you've got a real ball for the likes of West Boca on the northeast corner of place in 440 and in Boca open every day till 10 seven days week call toll free 1 877 low carb or check them out on the way by low carb.com and thanks a lot for that stuff you set up your last week. I see the like oh Christian about the Jews and get almost how I'd love to very close rise to the very who don't know the Bible like I know I'm like oh why Christian and how we almost think and act alike not their think whenever it's appropriate yeah wouldn't if they wanted to follow everybody in the world who is white and Christian and look at the same and said the same things boring I don't think so no to me that would be paradise can't be Republican way are see the like oh and how we all must think alike all the games black and yet long must die until everybody's Christian what 1132 to a 560 WMU for capture mine meter we decided to let him 30 not it you didn't no hey don't forget to read that article it's 1130 all thanks from other jones October it's it's a long one man it's long and I'll have to like break up you know something too bad because how many people do you think we'd mother jones in a audience about three hey man I don't read mother jones which I showed I like it's a good magazine got some of stuff in it and who is this addressed to George you have a hidden subscribe to it they called up and I asked them to send us to the reason I know you didn't subscribe because it's spelled with a G George with a G is that George with a G are we guys huh they called and offered and I said yes thank you that would be no sure absolutely positively we'll take it born again Zion is Christian conservatives are teaming with hardline Jewish groups to transform american policy toward Israel more the same on what we saw in 60 minutes last night nearly three decades after leaving his job as a marketing manager at Kulgeet Palmolov add macatir who we saw last night considered one of the guy fathers at the modern religious right still sounds like a salesman and a well-honed pattern he tells of introducing jury fallwell to then presidential candidate Ronald Reagan discussing spiritual matters with Jesse Helmson john askcrop and helping organize the evangelical movement that's become the most powerful grassroots component of the republican party but no subject excites the 76 year old board again back to his more than his unacquivocal for the Jewish people and the state of Israel is increasing the influential role as one of the nation's leading Christian Zionists the passion of macatir a gregarious man with a toothy smile and thinning wasse of birthbacked here is evident during a prayer breakfast in May for more than 200 people at the Israeli embassy in Washington DC I'm delighted and thrilled and just pumped up to be here macatir tells the crowd and a Tennessee draw nearly bouncing behind a podium backed by brightly colored banner celebrating the biblical tribes of Israel before him sits the self-described inner circle of Christian Zionism pastors preachers and religious activists who quietly but effectively lobby for Israel with a board again Christian in the White House and events in the Middle East spinning out of control macatir recognizes the par of those in the room to influence U.S. policy on behalf of Israel the best friends that Israel has are those people who believe that the Bible does not contain the word of God but that the Bible is the word of God he announces to the faithful he must use that expression a lot because that's what he said last night too when macatir left the business world in 1976 to help organize the Christian right the idea of the Israeli government working hand in hand with conservative Christians would have been difficult to imagine at that time some evangelical groups were openly anti-Semitic and associated with the John Bertses side and other far-right groups today though Christian conservatives provide Israel and in particular the hardline lacuparty of Prime Minister Ariel Sharon with its most important political support in this country the opposes real seeding land of the Palestinians and are personally bush administration to close Palestinian offices in the United States they've also have close ties to geopolitic aggression leaders into a group of higher ranking hawks in the Pentagon led by deputy defense secretary Paul Wolfowitz that some of these leaders inside called the kosher nostril they're very vocal and a shift at the center of gravity toward Israel and against concessions says dug band out any evangelical serves as a senior fellow at the conservative Keter Winston to it colors the environment which decisions are being made indeed thanks to top level connections and grassroots activism of evangelical Christians US policy in the Middle East has never been so closely lined with Israel as it is under the administration of George W. Bush as the conflict in the Middle East has heated up even some of the Jewish states most ardent supporters have been surprised by the president's strong per Israel stance given the influence of conservative Christians it's no surprise that is a brilliant embassy as an office of interreligious affairs that host monthly briefings for evangelicals welcome church bus tours and organizes practices church leaders listening to macatier this morning a flow to Washington through on his fence to represent congregations as far-flung as California, Colorado, Pennsylvania and Florida they were American and Israeli flagpins that they received at the door for embassy officials and he will take on a short video showing Israeli soldiers prioritizing with monks last spring outside the besieged church of the native of the injurusional following a browsing rendition of the star-spangled banner they sing ha tikpa the Israeli national anthem unless in the several Christian compositions including a Pat Boan original Israel or Blessed Israel in public Israeli diplomats usually speak in the secular language of international politics but here before a group of Christian believers they talk of biblical prophecy it is no coincidence that our prayers for Christians in Jews complement each other most of Fox the embassy's minister of public affairs tells the audience he quotes extensively from the Old Testament which God promises to Jews a land flowing with milk and honey before adding and diet soda before adding I call on you to carry this prayer and help turn his divine promise into a reality those gathered at the embassy are eager to take up the call as they see it a market as real at both engage in a religious war against terrorism that makes the two countries natural allies says Gary Bauer head of the campaign for working families who follows macatier to the podium I've been asked over and over again with this puzzle why are you standing with Israel mr. Bauer you any evangelical Christian he says he sure statue be live by delivery honering his 2000 presidential campaign not an up that soda you know well my goodness why would we not stay with this real why would we not stay with the nation in the Middle East that's a democracy why would we not stay with the nation about which God says if you bless it I will bless you and if you curse it I will curse you that's good enough for me I don't need anything else is mr. Bauer the umptious right when goose stepping Gary Bauer amen reply to the audience so not in their heads and agreement their eyes closed many attending the breakfast or part of a significant wing of the evangelical movement on as dispensation lists they work to support Israel ironically because they believe it will lead to the ultimate triumph of Christianity for then the ongoing crisis in the Middle East has been prophesied in the Bible after Jews reclaimed the holy land on believers including Jews and Muslims will perish in Armageddon and Jesus will return as the Messiah to lead his followers to heaven I've read the end of this book says evangelist Janet partial and other speaker whose daily radio program is syndicated to three and a half million Christian listeners nation why I know what happens she says Bauer God let's take a pause at that point okay we take a pause she knows what happens and for most of us it ain't good okay and a good I wonder if it's good for time layman down there at Hall of Pontiac well times got a good sense of humor He'll just go with a flow you know because he's been doing that for over 35 years and that's why they're in such a good mood down there because they're always doing great business because they've been treating folks right and given them unbeatable deals for over 35 years and have one same great place hall of Pontiac GMC one 34 one South toxie highway that's on US one right across from the falls where they kneeled the old is going on again that's right and saved big dollars in all Pontiac GMC's in stock but just mention her just talking about Hall of Pontiac around this program and you'll save even more that's right check out the complete line of GMC SUVs while you're there including that snappy spiffy on-boy voted by motor trend is SUV the year plus check out the all new gas-guzzling vime SUV that's got the power of a big expensive sports car without the expense Halls also got as always a great dependable selection of pre-owned cars trucks at SUVs and like I always tell you if any of the other guys turned you down for credit if you weren't good enough for them guess what you're good enough for Hall of Pontiac so get your ass down there Hall of Pontiac GMC one 34 one South toxie highway open every day seven days a week you can call them a 305 two 3 8 40 40 when you call and talk to time say hey time what do you think of old mo and the old end of my day 305 2 3 8 40 40 for Hall of Pontiac GMC who do be professional great my friends I believe it's time this country has a four-room Christian leadership for that I mean your chicks and money orders for friends I can assure you I know what's best for you good little Christian trying to run our lives with that ball and they're about the Friday night good little Christians you ain't their hate around and power grabbing for a new third right good little Christians rewashing all their kids grow up believing very tell not true why do you have to bear to believe in the world they always told you to know it is this needs checks from you got a their marketing too good little Christians for human instantly that's why they never have to tell that truth good little Christians carry to staff for what they like to swap between and she falls down good little Christians protecting us from ourselves from things of fire in the depths of hell 545 at 560 WDQ I'm not forget join the overnight boys doing mark tonight 9 or 11 at Gatsby's in Kindle stop by to win our usual QM crappy EO cheat prizes and enjoy crown raw specials the big money that football get together 9 at the Gatsby's in Kindle and watching in the server will go so I'm listening to the article again the old board against Zionists by Ken Silverstein and Michael Scherr in the October issue of Mother Jones. Thank you. In Washington, the Israel lobby has traditionally been synonymous with the American Israel Public Affairs Committee. A pack and organization headed largely directed by American Jews, rightfully considered to be one of the most powerful organizations in the capital, a pack as 130 employees including seven full-time lobbyists, and its member of Shower Democrats and Republicans with millions of dollars in political contributions. In recent years, though evangelicals who'd worth the number of American Jews have played an increasingly important role in building political support for Israel. The active alliance between evangelical Christians, American Jewish organizations and conservative Israeli leaders, dates to the 10 year of Prime Minister Minacham Began who took office in 1977. Began and Israel could part of use religious arguments to justify confiscation of Arab land and shared in common with American evangelicals, though not most American Jews highly conservative of use on social questions like abortion and welfare. Began cultivated ties to emerging evangelical leaders like the Reverend Jerry Falwell, honoring him with a dinner in the York and 1980, representing him with a legit preserved son-be-half of Israel. Since then, all subsequent liquid prime ministers have carefully strengthened ties to American evangelicals. In 1996, Benjamin Nihahu created the Israel Christian head because he counseled and flew 17 Christian leaders to Israel, where they signed a pledge that America never never will desert Israel. And in December 2000, Shower addressed a group of 1500 Christians on his to travel to Jerusalem saying, we regard you to be one of our best friends in the world. But as only over the past year, since the election of Bush and the attacks of 9.11, that conservative Christians have put support for Israel near the top of their political agenda, helping to push the Bush administration to side firmly with Sharon and to pressure the Palestinians to replace the SRama-Farred. Well, known figures like Falwell and Parabitsin have been at the forefront, but dozens of other evangelical leaders and organizations are active across the country. Mac at here runs a Memphis-based political network that raises money for the Christian right and introduces candidates to Israeli leaders. In April, he and five other evangelicals sent letter to Bush urging him to stand with our friend and ally Israel as they attempted to feed the same forces of terrorism that we've been battling since 9.11. A minister near Denver, George Morrison, raises support for Israel at through his church and help organize national conference in June, attended by 600 evangelicals. Also, attending the event was Esther Levin's and elderly Jewish woman from Kansas City who prings together disparate groups of Christian Zionists through the National Unity Coalition for Israel. Levin's found the group after she saw a pool declaring that 70% of American supported Israel, and knew that only 2% of Americans were Jewish, he says, so I thought, why not go and try to find the other 68%. Some conservative Christians have visions of growing even more influential than a pack when it comes to American policy in the Middle East. Richard Helman, a former GOP Senate staffer and board again, Pentecostal, hopes to organize at least 7 million followers as members of his lobbying group, Christians Israel Public Action Campaign. On one's referred to as a Pax Little Echo, Helman says with a laugh, maybe we'll turn out to be the echo that roared. Lobby, in by conservative Christians, has already proved vital to Israel, especially during its recent military campaign, Marshall Whitman, former top lobbyist with a Christian coalition, and veteran of the other Bush's administration credits evangelicals, but getting their message directly to the White House and says that they're in constant communication with Bush's political director Carl Roe. These folks are perfectly per was real within the high councils of the Republican Party, and their views have probably sharpened the president's own thinking Whitman says. He personally identifies with the board of any evangelicals within his own party. Unlike his father, who is generally viewed as the president whose policies were least sympathetic to Israel, Bush has taken an increasingly hard-line stance against the Palestinians, in April the White House issued what was widely seen as a half-hearted call for Sharonu withdraw his forces from the West Bank. When these really leaders refused to do so, the administration continued to air-far responsible for almost all of the violence between the two sides, eventually calling for Israel's movefulness ahead of the Palestinian Authority. Of course, the administration's pro-Israel stance is not entirely the result of evangelical lobbying, Israel's long-wind largest recipient of American aid receiving $3 billion last year. The evangelicals are important since former CIA director James Woolsey, and implies that the Jewish Institute for National Security Affairs for less than a political sense than as a reflection of the widespread support Israel has in this country. Yet, with the election of Bush, evangelical activist and joy unprecedented influence among top administration officials. No one has a monopoly on the irreversible president, but he's more receptive to the pro-Israel message than his predecessor, so says Rand Fishbine, a lobbyist in consultant for defense contractors in the West Army. And if this administration is more evidence to get that message to decision makers, conservative Christians have especially closed eyes to a group of hocks within the administration led by Wolfowitz and under Secretary of State Douglas Feit, two of the highest ranking Pentagon officials after Secretary Don Rumsfeld. Feit for FC administration's most fervent supporter of Israel, and said he is really should reoccupy all land seated to the Palestinian Authority, even though the price in blood would be high. Before joining the administration, Feit was on a very policy chairman of the National Unity Coalition for Israel, and shared the board of a pro-Israel think tank called the Center for Security Policy. Frank Gapney, Jr., and Assistant Secretary of Defense on a Ronald Reagan runs the Center for Security Policy, notes that hardlines the portals of Israel now find their views welcome at the White House. The old issue of pushing open a door says Gapney, you're seeing an American government policy being profoundly influenced by beliefs that are shared by the pushers outside and the people on the inside. Christian evangelicals also wield considerable influence in Congress where they want supporters really even among lawmakers who represent states with relatively small Jewish populations. The two top GOP leaders in the House majority leader Dick Army in Whiptime, delay, or among Israel's staunchest advocates on Capitol Hill, despite coming from Texas, the state were Jews represent less than 1% of the population. Delay agrees with Hockey's Israelis that the West Bank and Goal on Heights are part of Israel, rather than occupied territories, and Army is advocated forcibly removing Palestinians from the West Bank and relocating in the Arab countries. Sounds good. Living by conservative Christians is also provided geopolit leaders in the Senate with a way to wrap their support for Israel and biblical terms in March, Senator James Inhoff of Oklahoma gave a speech on the Senate floor in which he said that he supports his river because that is a strategic ally, a roadblocked terrorism and because God said so. There's probably no one in Congress posted who is really conservative Senator Sam Brownback of Kansas State with 14,000 Jews, 0.5% of the population, most of whom haven't voted for him. A former Brownback staffer, Sherry Dollinger, now handles outreach to the evangelical community for the Israeli embassy, Christian conservatives provide the political base for most Republicans since one GOP staffer. Most many of these guys, especially in leadership, are real believers in this stuff and sort of their constituents. Back by evangelical Christians, conservatives and Congress have worked to drive American policy in the Middle East to the right, taking even more of a pro-Sreal stance than the administration. An April Secretary of State Cole and Paul McCraverly would send in the House Conservatives and ask them to withdraw resolutions in support of Israel's inclusion in the West Bank, saying they would complicate efforts to broker peace talks. Both some of the resolutions were postponed for a week, but would then approve the spite of the White House objections. Liberal Jewish groups who favor negotiated settlement with the Palestinians were alarm by the political impact of evangelicals. They see any concession as a threat to Israel, and this way they strengthen the hardliners in Israel and the United States as rabbi Eric Yofi, head of Union of American Hebrew congregations that may make it difficult for the peace process to go forward. But on the whole, American Jewish groups have increasingly accepted Christian support. In 1999, when a fall of the tear that the anti-Christ is alive and Jewish, the anti-deformation league charged that his remarks were rooted in Christian theological extremism and bordered on anti-Semitism at best in our anti-Semitic and worst. Recently, however, the ADL has remained silent on fall, and it may ran an ad in Major newspapers that reputed an article written by Ralph Reed, former head of the Christian coalition that was titled, We People of Fate Stand firmly with Israel. And in July, the Zionist Organization of America honored Pat Robertson for his work on behalf of Israel. Oh, my lunch is coming up, and I have it eaten again. The group's president Morton Klein insisted that anti-Jewish sentiment among Christian conservatives, and mostly a thing of the past, you find hints of anti-Semitism among many non-Jewish groups, and a few of evangelicals may have anti-Jewish feelings, you said, but I've spoken to dozens of Christian Zionist groups that have never encountered any anti-Semitism in my child of Holocaust survivors. Instead, I have found a great love of the Jewish people. I'm thrilled they're helping Israel, I think they're doing a great job. There are more pro-Israel and pro-Zionists than most Jews. Jewish leaders also tended down play the theological beliefs of Christian Zionist, many of whom believe that Jews will eventually be destroyed and Armageddon. In fact, the more devout fundamentalists say that once Jews establish complete control of the Holy Land, Christ will stages second coming, then Christians will be raptured to heaven, and many Jews who are survived the ensuing apocalypse will convert to Christianity, bestful felon gods of original covenant with the Jews. That's a risk that Jewish leaders like Morton Klein are happy to take, given they political proud of evangelicals. I'm willing to make this the only thing they continue to support Israel's prosperity, security and survival, then if Jesus comes back in the future, you're able to join their parade clients, says, hey, if I was wrong, no problem. Oh, brother. Woo! Good time for another break, I think. Okay. You don't think? I need a towel. Yeah, if Jesus comes back, he'll sign up. He'll sign up with him. I'd hear like that. Oh, I can say is. Oh, I am sorry. We are supposed to be a little spicy too. You, eh, huh? Where are it? Beaded. Well, the one I are on WQA. Hello, I'm Sol. And I'm Harry. Here to tell you about our special place. Just a short written song. I'm New York. Is that okay? No. Let's go. Let's swear. I wanna go. I can't have a family dog. That was rest in the pocket nose. He can feel that face. Love that stuff. What a shuffleboard if you will. I got a nine go for Saturday brunch. Or for the food on top of your day. I hope it's kosher. Ain't enough pocket nose, night up. Then back in the camel, back in the shill. Man, Ellie and Shawnee, they're she even making her own you. Oh, let's play rock and threshold. Oh, we left the pumpkin in the pocket nose. We'll have some lunch and then we'll see our show. Rid told you all and though. Get the pumpkin nose. Get a much aita. Who bought a champagne? Sit, fight the pool in that glycosular. Let's get the chicks to kiss me. And I'll go over by the extra size. I'll chew the other hand. Up on the nose. Right up. And Buckill. Can't move that in the shill. Man, Ellie and Shawnee, don't forget to make you a rinal. Spry rock and threshold. Oh, we left the pumpkin in the pocket nose. We'll have some lunch and then we'll see our show. Rid told you all and though. And the pumpkin nose. Let's go. I got my teeth in the bag with the water and everything. I think I just came up with a great new marketing idea. How about delies for board again Christians? Okay. Yeah, some kosher delies. Well, not kosher necessarily. Some delies, like I said, with like a big cross over the front side. No, no, you're rather right. Kosher is good because that's an adherence with the word of God. You see. In adherence with the word of God, and also a cosy's up to those ultra right wing Jews. They have seen him and I crowd nuts and the other. In fact, since they want to be so cosy, cosy, we can have like they can come in where the tallest. And then you can personally like wrap the wrap to the linole. Around there next. Mm-hmm. Going, there's only one page to go here. I realize this is long, but it ties with it with that piece on 60 minutes last night. I think it's important to know even, of course, not go to change very many minds, but nevertheless, especially our one little corner of the world on this one. Make believe radio station. But I'm doing the best I can. Here's the latest on that shooting by the way at the school in Merlin Nothing. I mean, it continued. Pup, pup, pup, pup, pup, pup, pup, pup, pup because it's 24 hour news channel, so they have to keep going. Pup, pup, pup, pup, pup, pup, pup, pup, pup. It says, evangelical leaders are waiting to two front camp paying for Israel, lobbying Washington while rallying financial and political support across the country. Today, after retaining the prayer workers that the Israeli embassy had macatier returns to Memphis where a pro-Israel rallies been organized by the Memphis Jewish Federation, a local charity that provides social services. I like their counterparts, would organize similar rallies in New York and Boston. Jewish leaders here in the buckle of the Bible belt have reached out to the city's Christian leaders for support. It's very important for all fates to know the issues they united as Andrew Groveman, President elective the Jewish Federation says before the rally, we're all good people of the book. It's just a question about whether it's a different book. The advertised speakers include as many pastures as rabbiases, as well as two congressmen with solid Christian constituencies, Ed Bryant and Harold Ford Jr. as people filled with holding signs that read bless Israel, bless your own and airfatt as a mouhah rib and a rare brick word for enemy. A video plays over and over again showing gruesome montages of the Israeli victims of Palestinian suicide bombings. They look good mayors of Jerusalem, aim at all mort appears live by a satellite to ensure the crowd that is city stand strong and undivided. I want to face showday pictures of the butcher Palestinian children. I don't really know. The Christian ranks had hundreds to the standing remote and crowd of 2000. Thomas Lindberg, pastor of the Memphis 1st assembly of God Church, tell those assembled about a tour that he led to Israel last year. I beg your pardon? I used to go to that church. You did? That's how I live God many years, yes. You went to the assembly of God Church and proudly three times a week. Thank you very much. You're going to burn and hell, Mr. That's not the right one. Anyway, he says we felt that special nature that God has put upon that land and given it was people the Jewish people of the world. And let me say today that we, when I say we are representing the assembly of God here in America, three and a half million of us, 42 million assemblies of God, people around the globe, we love Israel. Then the sound like that Barbara Stully stuff I was screaming about that week or two ago. I love Israel, the Jewish people. I love my life. We're afraid of mort for word. When this whole right wing agenda first came out, that's a long time ago. Back on the W. News, Barbara Stully. The Jewish people. I love my love, my love, my love is Israel. And of course, some of the Jews at that time, I don't want to mention that the Jews are growing right away. Those other people just suck it up, man. Just suck it up. I got news for you, Lou. Well, never mind. Does this kids to work for Power 96? Don't know. After the rally, McIntyre may screw the heat of the other evangelical sea that rolled in the current conflict, less as peacemakers, then as unflappable supporters of Israel. Like other conservative Christians, he believes that land that occupied by Israel should not be returned to the Palestinians that they get caught under some unfortunate circumstances. That doesn't change the fact that the land doesn't belong to them, and they have no right to it. McIntyre says, McIntyre, another evangelical leader, believe that Arabs and Muslims can be traced back to Ishmael, the unfavorite son of Abraham, who was promised by God, vast land and resources, but who would never be satisfied with what he had. No matter how much good fortune Arabs receive McIntyre says, they'll never know spiritual peace. Find an Arab six feet forage as Tali says, have Ms. Hansen Ms. Clark, Gabel, give him a body like Charles Atlas, give him the title to a $50 million and put him a $100 million in the bank, and then so that his resources will not be diminished, give him the title to 50 gushing oil wells. That man should be the ideal happy man, but he's a Muslim. Have him stand on a little piece of geography called Israel, that backs up between the Dead Sea and the Mediterranean, and if he sees a Jew walk by with all these God, all his happiness diminishes, he's got fever in his soul. Or wish we had Peggy Lee, the same fever. Yeah, just stop the fingers and put a little one of those, the paste one of those things that he had like in Reke, maybe he can borrow his. At days and macadure brushes over to Brit Hadashri, a Memphis synagogue used by local congregation of Messianic Jews. Oh Messianic Jews, true, no, please, I have to take the life. This evening, evangelicals, including some from a group called Christian, friends of Israel are meeting there. In recent years, the group raised a $100,000 from local Christians to purchase an ambulance for Israel, organized a Holocaust Memorial and nearby Baptist Church, and paid for 70 Russian Jews to immigrate to Israel. Now they're working with Kimberd spirits in Kentucky and Maine to start similar organizations in those states. Prompted by macadure, they rise one at a time from the Synchogs gallery to testify of the work they've done for Israel. They speak about the letters they've written to Congress. The crypts they've taken are the holy land. The relationships they've forged with Jewish neighbors. Here's the very engine of that vast political religious machinery that macadure has helped to organize. The local groups whose political activities driven by an unwavering belief that this is God's work. They've been charged by the Bible to love Israel, love the Jews, and a way to return of their Savior. We don't have the answers as Emily Jogger, remember the group. George Bush does not have the answer. Errorfark does not have the answer. Erroriel Sermon does not have the answer. It's going to be Jesus. Sheryl Lindsey, remember the congregation says she looks for divine intervention when she watches for the evening news. When I see that the president of Saudi Arabia is coming to make a peace plan, and then has to leave because his brothers had a stroke. I wonder, is that the hand of God? And I pray not for my ideas of what should be, but for God's will to triumph. Amen says macadure. And with that his most recent marathon of prayer and revival comes to an end, macadure had so many moments that was going to be true in the Middle East, and the other way of being belief he witnessed a watch and an amemphas. God's plan for Israel and the world is right on track. That's it. And he said, temper October sure mother Jones. It's right on track, baby. Oh, you are. Armageddon. And believe me, most of us are going to begin at that point. But like that one Jewish guy says from the 80 L or whatever, well if Jesus comes back then I'll sign up with him, you know. Yeah sure. It's convenient here. Maybe I can sign up wholesale. Some kind of crap like that. Talk about having no principles whatsoever. Talk about being naive and stupid. Just like those old Jews back into W snooze days. Old Jews on W snooze. When at Barbara Studleycraft. Oh, I just love the Jewish people in boy. They were clever and firm. They were sucking it up like last week's halava. You couldn't believe it. They were sucking it up like a free early bird dinner. Traject. And no matter how much I would try to tell them, oh no, she's wonderful. She loves it. Yeah, right. Look all the wine. Oh no, old faggot like me. And he even old faggot like me. What do I know? Just because I've had a little belly every now and in fact, I think I'm going to the pickle barrel for lunch today. Just out of spite out of protest. I'm going to have some kishki. How do you like that? All right. Just to protest those farbizs and abort again Christians. You know, the interesting thing about after 9.11 happened. And they started screaming about Islam and about how intolerant the Muslim religion was and about how they kept talking about the infidels this and the infidels that meaning that anybody who didn't share their fundamentalist interpretation of Islam was going to be in burn in hell. It was the enemy and the idea in that interesting. But now is now as we look at born again Christianity, this this fundamentalist view. It's no different. It's the same thing. Jesus is coming back to save them. Not to rest of us. And only only if we'll sign up with them. Only if we'll sign online. What do you want? Lunch. Man. Palm Beach Post is an editorial yesterday. It says for a security threat try aids. Small passes frightening because it ravages the body with abscess. His spreads like wildfire and often kills. Though no active cases have been reported in American seem to be concerned about preventing it. AIDS is a different story. It's a silent pandemic spread by pursuits carried out on out of sight such as sex and drug use. Yet 42 million people live with HIV. The virus that causes AIDS about one million of them in the US. Violet terrorism threats force Americans think about small spots and threats, bachelors and other deadly germs. But most don't think much about AIDS until new reports start less as several did scare me last week. This is not the truth. It's an article by Fran Hathaway. The Palm Beach Post editorial writer. Same difference. And yesterday's Palm Beach Post. The first report came from the National Intelligence Council made up of experts who provide analysis to the CIA, the state and defense departments and national security council. Two years ago the Council warned that the global spread of AIDS would be considered a threat to American security. Last week the Council said that by 2010 the epidemic's next wave could infect 50 to 75 million people and countries containing 40% of the world's population. India, China, Ethiopia, Nigeria and Russia. That's double or triple the estimate of the rest bridge projected a year ago. The second was the Palm Beach Post-the rate from Belgrade of Automedical Report. Reportedly the first that will evaluate the effectiveness anti-AIDS drugs on African Americans. In Palm Beach County, blacks make up 13.8% of the population, but 65% of HIV AIDS cases in grades of figure nearly 92%. There were two stories out of Washington and one, the Population Action Council reported that 8 billion condoms here are needed worldwide to help people protect themselves against HIV AIDS. Yet the condoms cost just three cents of peace on the international market. Both the country such as the United States are doing enough to support programs that distribute them. There is more information in the report condoms count from the Population Action Council, a private not-for-profit organization that supports voluntary family planning programs. The second story was a stunner. The Bush administration, the Associated Report, it is hindering you read that correctly, AIDS prevention efforts. For example, the website for the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Laws included information on the effectiveness of condoms and preventing HIV. It's been pulled. In addition to the Department of Health and Human Services's reviewing agency spending, on AIDS prevention treatment and research. The HATS Inspector General's Investigation and At least AIDS programs to see if they're content is too sexually explicit or promote sexual activity. The AP reported last week. From the Washington Post, the moves come as conservatives are pushing the White House to emphasize abstinent programs. President Bush has asked Congress to increase spending on abstinence only education to $135 million a rise of roughly 33%. The administration's insistent on teaching applicants without any scientific evidence that it's effective reminds me of Nancy Reagan's just saying, no campaign against drugs. If only it were that easy. Poll actor polls shows that most parents want their kids to receive comprehensive sex education. The sexuality information and education council of the West released a new poll last week showing that lower-income parents and guardians are overwhelmingly support sex education that teaches all aspects of sexuality, including preventing pregnancy and sexually transmitted diseases. As for national security, America is not threatened by its 1 million effective citizens, but what could happen if AIDS rains countries are the most productive citizens, weakens governments and shreds the social fabric. As it is about a third of Russia's prospective military conscripts are ineligible through the HIV or chronic hepatitis from drug use. By 2010, the Global HIV burden could be 80 to 110 million cases the intelligence council says if that's true, conservative ideologues are blocking prevention efforts that it's a shocking and deadly revelation. I mean, that's it. Again, if it's true that conservative ideologues are blocking prevention efforts that say shocking and deadly revelation while Bush war planners worry about a wreckstore of lethal germs, the AIDS wave silently surges. Rights, Fran, Hathaway and yesterday's Palm Beach post. And where are you going again? The right wing lunatics are the ones controlling the agenda, whether it stem cell research, whether it's AIDS prevention, whether it's sex education, no matter what the hell it is. These people, these good God of bearing questions who certainly would never lie to was, came in and stole a God damn election. And now all of a sudden you want to take over to hold God damn world. Not just the whole country, the whole world. Do you know, maybe things out, say, all of us before I'm again, you know? Which I had the rumor has at EO a week from my next circus. It's going to be Arm again. Providence after noon at 5.60 in WQA. Well, that still gives you plenty of time, low to get to a new mattress and dial a mattress and then you can sleep soundly at night. You know, with all these problems in the world, all this crap going on. These people are want to wish you a new to hell. Just tell them to go to hell. Let's pick up the phone and call 1-800 mattress. That's all it takes. That one easy phone call. Baby, you'll get the best name brand mattress in an unbeatable price. We're talking about everyday low prices. You don't have to sit on pins and needles waiting for some special seal. Because every day they're unbeatable prices on name brand mattresses like Serta, Seely, Simmons King Coral, and they got exactly the mattress you're looking for in stock ready for nearly immediate delivery. And don't forget, speaking of delivery, you picked the day in the two hour window for your delivery. Any day seven days a week when it's convenient for you. And please don't forget about the 30 day in home comfort guarantee. It's the only intelligent way to test out your new mattress. So if the old mattress is had it, if you're not getting great night sleep every night, get yourself the finest mattress that money can buy delivered right to your door. In fact, they can be there still today. Just pick up the phone and call 1-800 mattress. 1-800-MATT-RES and tell them that that old new authority to call or check them out of the web. If you like at mattress.com I'm tired and I'm full. This is for 20 likes a year. 2-A-M. It's day! Oh, my every time. At 5-6-O-W-U-A. Oh, my every time. Oh, my every time. Oh, my every time. Oh, my every time. Oh, my every time. Oh, my every time. Oh, my every time. Oh, my every time. Oh, my every time. Oh, my every time. Oh, my every time. Oh, my every time. Oh, my every time. Oh, my every time. Oh, my every time. Oh, my every time. Oh, my every time. Oh, my every time. Oh, my every time. All alone in the house, but I got sick when she gave me a kiss Join till back, go in her mouth All us red, next girl of inches The same just ain't a good, unless it's family Because all us red, next practice inches So come meet my new wife, she's my niece I just got me a farm with horses, chickens, cows and pigs A four by four that I adore, with tires and a two damn big The rear window it has a gun rat, that's where I keep my gun Wrable flag and a wife and a bag Monarch is red for too much sun All us red, next girl of inches The sex just ain't a good, unless it's family Because all us red, next practice inches Our sister is the one over there, the dirty knees Every human's its art in truth Who's got the nicest two And I don't like the way my daddy is watching me Oh we're fine, about 25, 60 WM got the mad dog coming along I want to climb, he'll be you for today, boy, he'll be dancing his pants I don't want to think about that, he'll have seen various dance in his pants And then we got Hank at three with the who, with that more five And then you got her cool hotline from David Buster's 630 to 830 Which is evidently so important and so highly sponsored and something Then we have to wait to join in progress, the giant's braves Game 5 at that playhouse series tonight Do you understand that? Well why am I asking you? How about Carlos to see him? No, I just had baseball whatsoever I'm not saying I'm interested in it, I'm going to watch it Which need to be the case, how about those twins? The contraction kids I do like seeing them, I did like seeing the Yankees lose Although I didn't watch one second, I didn't watch one pitch of any of it Because how much of baseball is so boring man Especially now with hockey, he's starting to come in a week Back when it all goes its eyes, starts Thursday night for at least Thursday, at least at the Pittsburgh And what about the Panthers boys? How's the Panthers doing anybody know? No On your Panthers station when anybody in a morning gets mentioned They think about the Panthers your hockey, it's shot in a spot That's a rumor I'm hearing I could be wrong about that The only person who's allowed to say anything about the Panthers is a lindomare placement is down a 34 yard attempt by a lindomare is right down the middle At a boy old lindom He kicks him far he Rimes with I mean in my wrong is he not a 10 in a 1 I mean last time my Chetty was a 10 See I remember Michael Parade the I can remember him. Yes, he was a fraud But his name I believe was spelled over Gardless Owl was spelled he was French And it was pronounced Parade right parade As in gay paré parou Or let's all go to parou, what do you say? Let's go to Lee Moralimohio But the fact of the matter is that I don't know if I maybe maddogl will spend at least a half an hour on instead of like Crilling about the guy named Gamiar today because that kid's oh Ricky this and Ricky that how much a fever How about that nice run he made for that touchdown maybe six of my stomach nice Jewish boy with a big nose huh? He made that look like Tom Brady but he played pretty damn good But nobody wants to give me any credit because it's a relentless guy damn town they hate you Jay Don't take it personal they hate you they give you no credit You could run the table when every other guy damn game and if you don't win the Super Bowl They'll say it's all because of that big nose you quarterback from Dartmouth That's what they'll say make no mistake about that Then they want Danny back if Danny's got something left in the tank and we're that one Yeah, yeah, you do the Jimmy and Danny days if Danny's got something left in the tank on your Julios man. Oh God God Anyway, here's our pulse beacon of Julios which in these do you believe in? I should have put glory holes on her you know because there are a lot of Julios and highly of leaving glory holes Once you did your history 139 there's only one hell. It's in South Florida 102 26.3% of the Saudi and say that hell is alive and well And it's South Florida and I think you got a point Heaven and hell. We got 46 people. 11% of believe in both heaven and hell life after death But no heaven or hell 46 which I guess I guess that means reincarnation and large whatever all of the above all of those other possible all those other pipe dreams Wishful thinking only hell. We still got the same 43 crank votes. I know we had before I guess they gave up good And only heaven 11 see a little while ago with seven now it's 11. Oh thank heaven for 7.11 and what's what's gonna be the next one of pop. I guess we better leave it there Unless it's 11 for pace off let's get some an 11 pizza pizza. How do you say a pizza hut? I mean a pizza log. Did I say pizza? I'm not a book a Brian thing, you know. Yeah, it is in fact somebody ripped a they those spots on Mosho on Friday morning I think was because of the bobble head dolls cause 12 bucks or something like that and when it was high rate about QAM who he'd be embarrassed playing the spot and I thought to myself Hey, leave book a Brian alone. Okay, he needs to make a few bucks like he had said to do with that. Yeah, right leave him alone leave the state Hey, and don't play in the station for that. We'll take anything we'll take gun shows and cults and we don't give a crap if somebody's got money. We'll take it and guess what so will you folks Got there the same ones that are complaining about they don't like this spot if it's at the agency came and said okay, we'll give you the cash and study. Okay. I'll take it You wouldn't give a crap about bobble head dolls right there and then motorided deflected by going into a big show and then it's about how pizza hut is so good Oh, it should have great pizza. It beats a yeah right. Yeah This is a guy who lived in New York who go on like a 34th or 40 seconds street and get a slice of the best pizza's ever been made and he's raven about pizza hut next These are gonna be rave it about the guy named Alavi garden. That will be next Speak out of that what you'd like to wash your pizza now with how about some beer? Okay, Barth alone a Spain you know those spanned your it's man. They're a little uh, I don't know They're strange. It's either the Pam Plano with the bullfights where people go over there to get galgord What's that big tomato fight all about? Same same crap They're bored. I guess Most people like their beer sir quickly, but how about a waiter who can move a frosty thirst Quite your 100 meters in 14 seconds Waders from throughout Spain gathered in Barth alone on Saturday to see if they were up for the task in the eighth annual National waiters race Some hundred and sixty waiters and two waiters Just gave it their best on a sidewalk in Barth alone Racing a hundred meters with a tray curing two glasses of beer plus a full bottle The day was strewn with beer tragedies as plenty of shatter glass and spill vlogger ended up on the concrete But the winner Jose Luis Soria of nearby Tera Gona set a record time a 13.96 seconds earning first price of 600 euros Which is a 592 bucks and a trip for two to Hong Kong Can you believe the euro is actually past the dollar again now? Man That is depressing love that good Canadian the loony man 63 cents US that's what makes it good here That worthless Canadian loony and the tuning Why don't we ever gonna give with that eliminate dollar bills? Oh, please Seriously, there's nothing no dollar bill. They smallest the nomination years of five how about coins? What are we gonna lose those things already? I don't know but we got got coins up the ass here. I can't stay in it. Like please. Let's get rid of pennies. Please I got a drawer here and every day I go through my pocket and I pull out the pennies and the The pennies and the nickels. I want to use my debit card everywhere. I go just swipe it Just swipe it. Well Or pay for it. Yeah I'll never find this in time. It's almost not even worth it. Just rub it. Yeah, that too 26 past noon at five six. I'm trying to lighten things up a little bit because it's a very depressing Monday I had that that speed vote that fishing boat whatever was with La Bamba several bombers in it Hit the French tanker yesterday Spill an oil over the guy damn place number terrorists attack which they don't want to talk about too much You got all these shootings going on including the one this morning this teenage of the 13 year old kid who was shot in the chest and abdomen And was airlitted with DC hospital in Maryland. They're not very far from where the other shootings have taken place You got all this crap going on then you got these crazy right wing a lunatic born again Christians Or trying to uh bring on on again. You know they're like in a big rush for it. Huh? Come on. Let's have it this weekend. Let's have a big party It is just sound like you overworked Underpaid stuck at a dead end job Underappreciated. I'll do yourself a humongous favor while we're still alive here before our Morgan comes pick up the phone and call our good friends at fans train 1 866 fast rain leaving the call is free. They'll be ecstatic once your questions and tell you about what they can do for you The demand for certified computer professionals has never been bigger than it is right now and fast-ranking up You achieve that brand new career in as little as four months fast-rhen is southflow. There's largest certified Microsoft training center And they've got locations all over town. They're in Pemberpines are in Fort Lauderdale. They're in Miami and that brand new location in highly congested unacceptable Kindle fast-rhen offers convenient day evening weekend classes. They got a full-time job placement department over 30 years experience So if you're sick and tired of being overworked underpaid under appreciated stuck in a dead end job or maybe just out of work altogether Don't wait another minute pick up the phone and call fast-rhen at 866 fast-rhen Think about it in four short months you'll be on your way to becoming a high paid computer professional and career with greater than potential Take my advice pick up that thing twisted yanket pull it and the phone to and call fast-rhen toll free at 1 866 fast-rhen That's 1 866 fast-rhen or check them out on the web at fast-rhen.com Your sports-rhenial 566 uA This is the most disgusting program. I urge everyone to complain to this station I'm along with the two blow-up in abortion plan A to kill another doctor who is murdering a kid if you speak with a draw And have a bad attitude and grab a can of guessing you can burn one down to a abortion clinic that is ain't nothing like the smell and nurses on fire Now if you drive a truck and wear a smelly hat and don't know belly jeans. This will come mad after we've made the clinic explode We'll go find a nigger and drag them down the road You'll be proud you're from the South boy double wide Southern pride Now if there should be a woman trapped inside will rape her in the ass and steal her birthday She dies and there replace the Bible to valetate our barbarism ignorance and see thing a Ingrade that is power of some guard for its tune No, we are the Christian soldiers of God like to wipe our ass with an old foreign god And when we're not burning churches or clinics down we play our bandels in the trees with penis in our mouth That's when Christians require right there in the old ground on what do he say something about rape? I couldn't believe that. It's not funny. Huh? Yeah, rape is not funny. What goes wrong with that cow? 32 at 560 WQAM happy Monday to is I feel a little bit better now market look at that. That was up almost 100 points That's because that's because all the good news in the world, huh? Right Now the terrorist attack on a friend's take over there in Yemen You know people getting shot is going to school or walking around at the shopping centers indiscriminately by some unknown lunatic Things that we do look it up, baby. We got more and more corporate scandal Consumer confidence is drop it like a rock The president's going on here tonight, but didn't request network time So he's only going on the talking head channels like CNN MSNBC and Fox News, which means he ain't gonna say a damn thing Burn your jeans on CD for half a minute above. Sure you go anybody got a spare 500,000 laying around Mapping and reading J Craig Ventures genome took 15 years five billion dollars in some of the world's most sophisticated computers Wouldn't you to like your genome decoded? I wouldn't mind then or says he plans to offer the service with the goal of burning individual humans and tarry DNA sequences on a shiny compact discs It'll cost about a half a million bucks per person says the entrepreneurial scientist who helped decode the human genome Ventur hopes ultimately to mass produced gene CDs like so many brews Bruce pristine CD. I sure up there better knows That'll stock the shelves of every general practitioner's office and be covered by insurance We're trying to push genomics to the $1,000 genome better said a telephone interview with associate oppressed He said he's lined up several wealthy individuals whom he declined to identify will pay to have their genomes mapped unless kickoff What he said would be a nonprofit project With individuals genomes available then doctors are expected to be able to prevent and treat many diseases better Already genetic test can determine if some women are all prone to breast cancer than others Vener led the for profit team and erase against government scientists to decipher the human genome both teams simultaneously An outstanding successful sequencing of five human genomes including better's in competing scientific papers last year Ventur former chief of genomics pioneer salara now runs three nonprofit ventures. He found it Those three ventures are spending $30 million to build a new gene sequencing center in rockville, Maryland Did I say in rockville, Maryland that's what you said sorry. Well, that's what it says Which vendor expects to open by years in it's there that veteran other scientists will work on putting individual genomes on Optical storage media by next year Better said the only way to mass produced gene maps cheaply is to simply get on with the work He claims his intention is not to get rich, but the streamline the process to the poor insurance companies will pay for the CDs When you like it if you're insurance company paid for your CDs? Yeah, man Or book a Brian's even if insurers and by the way speaking of book of brands What's the story? Oh, I don't know I even looked I mean I know it's so it's not it's honors is one of these days you'll be able to buy it on here I'm getting a little bit I don't want to start getting pushy. Okay I'm sure it's not Eric's fault, but I'm not so sure it's not Eric's fault. You know these people out there are a champ at the bit In fact over the weekend for about 30 seconds You know what we can I was thinking of myself the fact that all I money we could be raising for wonderful dogs Oh, you know what I saw what's up? It was on the discovery Is there such a thing is that discovery history channel? I don't know they have they broken it down so anyway, it was the story of Lassie Which was exactly one of my favorite shows? They shoot all the different Lassies and the fact that it was supposed to be a girl But it was a boy right because of the fact that they said that the reason the female colleagues is a shed real bad Was that it? Yeah One of the males have a larger puffier mane so they look better on TV probably Yeah, that that's probably part of it too and I think they also said that Denise pot fan before the hockey season starts they had to give my new do because he's been shining But anyway, so I You know and then that made me think I watched that show and I saw this these dogs which you just amazing I mean unbelievable animals and The way that they trained them and the different things that they could get them to do and I'm taking it myself all the money We could be raising again this year for if not the same shirties last year, which was what was it last year abandoned pet rescue a band of pet rescue There's so many other good was for dogs man dogs are where it's at dogs aren't running around Causing wars telling people what to believe talking about armor getting wait for the end of the world dogs aren't running around going little bit like that I'm a big dog lover man and then the fact we could be making all the reason all I money But we got a lot of lazy people around that building. That's the problem. That's the problem at QAM Nobody wants to list a finger. Oh, they want to list a finger all right, but not the one you're hoping they'll lift They have no problem with the net finger to you Tragedic pathetic first year and what about a hundred years on this show? We haven't done a best in Neil CD something like that first time in 600 years We haven't done a best of CD and right now we'd be starting to October November December right during the holidays all the people come and back later in November December It's good for promotion or races a lot of money for charity So on the means have we got polka bris the best we can do which is the damn good one by the way, but you'll see the cover of it on there It's George David in Condolese is sharing a tender moment Restitution and mobile bits volume one got great stuff on there including And lots more good mobile bits and one of these days if we get lucky enough Maybe you'll actually be able to click on air on the arrages dot com and buy the damn thing. I don't know in time for Christmas In time for a year in time for our market near from circus That's next service by the way this uses already gone. Oh man start a breakout into a sweat next circus 22 till one is five six, but you know something maybe we can avoid it by getting rid of all the evil doors between I'm and you think But that's right. I forgot the evil doors were supposed to be happy about them because they're gonna be the conduit to Armageddon that's right the conduit to ecstasy to the rapture baby. We're looking for their rapture score score Or the rapture is one of the other With your busy lifestyle you need all the energy you can to feel healthy and all your men is a product I would help you do that. All your meds a tremendous new product You know who ought to be taking all your mate is skip either We ought to take about 4,000 all your meds and stuff him in his ass All your med contains pharmaceutical rate all the four along with good stuff in there baby vitamins minerals and rebels and like I've been telling you for a very very long time Now they make a separate product help different parts of your system. There's one specifically designed to help your heart Want to help control your blood pressure one for your cholesterol in your prostate one for your circle of tourists The mood digestive endorphin system your skin and your bones even your mind skipy start top and maybe like M&Ms All's using the benefits of the best olive oil. You'll find anywhere in all your meds We always try to make products for men and some specifically geared to help you ladies out there as well I wonder how skippies doing with the ladies all you mentioned available all over town Fix them up at Whole Food markets while green sedan was and of our pharmacies or get more information about it Just when you call that toll free number town skipping toward it. You call they will laugh their ass off call toll free 1 866 Olio Med that's 1 866 OLEO MED and don't forget you can get more information in order to their product out there's to finish website to Oliomed America dot com Oh Yeah, oh and you know something what happened. Oh, yeah, I know I got so frantic know when I knocked that thing off Well, no, I was very emotional about whatever it was saying here and I hit always cause a skipy because that piece of crap Now what that was I just gonna play. I'll never find it again I Had something so damn important that I was gonna play the food right now. Never well now wasn't pussy in a well I don't you understand that just to come up. I'll play no pussy in a well. I heard that We're not playing it. I don't start to you know coming up with that pussy stuff. You're the one Yeah, I hit it by accident believe me if I hit it, you know 414 votes on the survey which of these do you believe in huh? All you religious people out there. Yeah, that's my response to you And fact I'm gonna just do that on the air for hours today And make a hell of a lot more sense than all these damn crazy goyam out there all these the religionists You you picked a one, okay? You picked the orthodox Jews and the fundamentalist Christians and the fundamentalist Muslims They're all crazy and they're dangerous. I would mind so much if they were crazy if they were not so dangerous. They're freaking dangerous And the more religious they are the more dangerous they become and the more power they get like they got now with the whole country is being run the whole world is being run I mean that that the Paxamer a kind of thing that he came out with the last week. That's just insanity The maniac the bush doctrine Anyway, what's it easy to believe in we have four to 18 votes once you've had your history 154 and guess what that's a correct answer 37% There's only one hell and it's not 41327% another very good answer Have an and hell 50 sorry and both counts life after death, but no heaven or hell 46 also wishful thinking only hell is a phony vote and only heaven 12 votes Ah, how do we say 7 11 or I'm about 12 Well serve yourself at the huh something about shelf. It's on a shelf that this I don't know 7 and 12 We don't have those 7 and 12 we do have some nice 24 hour markets though including my supermarket here Boy it's a beautiful day for the Irish and the Jews and the Muslims and everybody else here in the chinks Sonny and 52 right now. What's wrong with that nice nice crisp fall weather you know jacket weather No humidity nice breeze out there load a nice gonna be 40 Pope canonizes controversial Opus Dave founder before one of largest Vatican crowds in history Vatican City Pope John Paul made a saint on Sunday of Jose Maria S. Greva the Balagare the controversial founder The conservative Roman Catholic group Opus Dave before one of the biggest crowds ever to flood the Vatican I wonder if he's related to all into my day About 300,000 subredressed pilgrims from 80 countries filled Saint Peter's parents fill in the ceramic piances for the ceremony in front of Christenham's largest church We declare the blessed Jose Maria S. Greva the Balagare a saint including the enals of saints the globe robed The gold robed Pope said. Oh say that at a 50 times fast the gold robed Pope Reading from a Latin formula he or is the faithful to follow in his cleavis footsteps and seek God in everyday life Oh God as speed is the 268 cent proclaimed by Pope John Paul who declared more saints than all of his predecessors in last four centuries combined man. He's really got that thing moving Thousands of pilgrims turned off into canonization of the Spanish priest who taught that Catholics could be saints by living completely ordinary lives And seeking holy this everything we did whether is a banker or a baker As squeeva founded Opus Dave, which means God's work in spain 1928 There are now 1800 opus Dave priests the rest of the 84,000 members worldwide our ordinary cat let's many of them professionals For me he was important his the man is to bring holy this and where we day life He showed we can all be saints at Maria Sierra Ramilon who traveled from Spain for the ceremony after the cockfights But in the years leading up to a squeeze is 1980 to the edification the last step before saying that Opus Dave was frequently accused of having a dangerous Secret fundamentalist agenda The group appears to have gradually open up to outside or even pass critics have acknowledged that one of those who continue to criticize Opus Dave is Kenneth Woodward author of the book making saints how the catholic church determines who becomes the saint who doesn't and why Recently wrote that Opus Dave's wealth and influence of silence most opponents even at Myers and a little about the inner workings of this church Within the church he said Support us a group is simply misunderstood part of the controversy surrounding Opus Dave is that some of its lay members make commitments similar to the vows taken by priest and nuns even though they work at ordinary jobs On Sunday the groups conservative nature was evident as huge crowds many from Spain and line America calmly made their way to Saint Peter's Square The pilgrims moved was markedly different from those of the canonization of mystic attack in monk Padre Pio and you remember that no and you and you still on a hood El Padre Pio is you better get with it Just a modagai oh That guy yeah, that's right Markably different from most of the canonization of mystic attack in monk Padre Pio and you went far work street hawkers and loud cheers with the norm They were solemn they were somber yesterday and Screever died in 1975 and by 1992 was declared a blessed of the church in record speed at the time doing great part of the Pope's Streamlining of the St. Hood process The Pope's streamlining of the St. Hood process you could be a Satan 15 minutes good for business The Pope is shown up as day great favor his folks and walking tomorrow falls is one of the group's best known members Who's a real far-bist in that walking the daily life of a Christian who has faith when he works at a restaurant or a sleep's and all moments is a life in which God is always present the Pope's idea today Siding his Scriva to reach out to the huge crowd the 82 year old pot of was driven down along the long avenue from Saint Peter's to the river and back Oh I don't 1248 at 560 WKM. Let me mention again. What's that thing called here? In the zone oh in the zone delivery dot com. No, sirs. That was very excited about that because when I get back to first thing I want to do is get on balance for life again and then the second thing I do after we want to like beat the crap out of the beast How is he doing is he okay now? What do you mean? I'm sure he made a rapid recovery from no his illness. This will have been had an update about that Not sure he did because he had all had her coins stuff through one Saturday. He doesn't be sick when he's got her coins stuff Maybe that killed him maybe that put him over the edge. Yeah, I'm well, we'll find out from our morning I guess when he does the update since the moment gonna be there That's the only reason he's gonna be allowed to be in there with guilty Anyway, if you want to lose some weight in an effective way that really works and have delicious food See one of the problems when you're out in any kind of a plan is you don't know what to eat You know what I'm saying? Oh, I know you go to the store or you go to a restaurant You know like I don't know can I eat this too many carbs too many calories? Their sugar is all kind of crap in there and you know damn well you're not gonna lose weight eating all of these things But it balance for life. You know you can be everything in your little black sack and at the end of a period of time Generally a shirt period you're gonna watch that way come pour an off your body like the beast is lost 53 pounds It was 55 till mommy and daddy took him on another cruise and they're trying to kill him See if he had some balls which he doesn't have it if he had a little pair of balls he'd say to mommy and daddy Hey But try to kill me. I'm making great progress here. Okay, so put with enough of the cruises already. They suck any how Anyway, no cooking no shopping no cleaning no worries no counter recounting no carbohydrate counting based on a zone diet Which is the principle that's all about but they bring you a little black sack every morning by six o'clock in A.M. And inside that sack is all a food you'll need for the whole day and you pick between two choices for each meal I'll give you a little menu you fill it out three gourmet meals two delicious snacks a little 60-ounce bottle water Was in it gets you started on drinks and believe me. You'll be full because there's plenty of food in there Not little tiny bird like portions and nothing frozen nothing prefabricated everything is fresh delicious made with the best ingredients and money can buy so let balance for life Helpy lose weight the effective and the delicious way it really works as opposed to all that other Quackery that's going on there to exploit all due desperate fat people took up the phone and called balance for life at nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine I can be my personal guarantee in a very short time You look at hell of a lot better than the beast nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine or visit their website at balance for life.com Moken it out in the Everglades All right Every good Christian knows it came to play I'm so very hard to do Five five five six eight of the game is a Bible that is as you were looking into where we do Tell people who knows away If I did through your house And then you burn it down You can get somebody to believe If you make the Bible say it's true So that is what you do you can make a hurry The Lord will always work if you pick up the poison in his face You don't know?ë You Be grateful You'll never come to get me Beat the crap out of your kids You're too rotteny now You're still coming If I will say it that's the way to round I don't just kick in faith You make a sacrifice You've got the hang of it now Papa P6 is 560 Over 9 boys, Joe and Mark The overnight boys is supposed to the dirty boys There's some special reason for that Tonight from 9 to 11 A guest-bees and candle stop by to win prizes and enjoy crown world specials It's Monday night football, pretty crappy matchup Who's playing? The bears against the packers Oh, well, I guess if you like it like a 9 to 7 game Those NFC simple games always just pull me into a coma Anyway, I won't be watching but you can watch it there and have a good time And the bus there balls doing Mark while you're ready Money that football can't speak tonight from 9 to 11 Well, why 9 to 11? I mean, a gaming could be over by 11 I guess they gotta go to do the show, right? There you go, good thinking, thank you I said this for last from TomPain.com What a good website that is Marty, geezer J E Z E R You think he's kind of like Jesus or Pete or Jesus or Christ Jesus or Christ could be Marty Jesus books include Abby Hop and American Rebellion He lives in Battlebird for Montenegroats Case dismissed anti-war voices can try and push his failed or back policy On TomPain.com He says our country is in serious trouble Increasing the isolated in the world, lied to buyer government And the thrall of a cabal of an ideological driven Hawks who've been on the wrong side of a major event in recent times Even real conservatives, especially conservatives ought to be worried Conservatives stand for Prudence, caution and respect for tradition and history The Bush administration is anything but conservative With little debate and no justification It's overturned a 50-year tradition of seeking allies And building coalescence in support of foreign policy In non-way ignores the win and discourages our allies But insist on right to attack any government That for the moment challenges our political dominance and this is Reservoir with our economic priorities As we abandoned the more reasonable aspect of our foreign policy We embraced the more blatant failures Instead of learning from past leaders we repeat them Thinking that smart bombs can override the mistakes of dumb people To what we supported been law against the Soviets now he's our enemy Sodom was as he is today at Thugge's dictator When he was making war and dropping chemical weapons on a ran But we supported him which Iraqi factions will we arm to overthrow And how can we be sure that they too won't become our enemy The issue is not our ability to defeat Iraq militarily The issues what we plan to do after we bomber Iraq and to rubble Ignorance seems to be a guiding principle along the administration's Hawks Dick Cheney supported South African apartheid and voted against a congressional resolution To free Nelson Mandela from prison According to Francis Fitzgerald in the New York review of books Cheney didn't trust Soviet Premier Gorbachev and advice President Reagan To keep up Cold War pressure rather than encourage Gorbachev reforms Richard Pearl the guru of Bush's bomb now think later brain trust Once advised former Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu to make a clean break With the Oslo peace process he and others in the Bush administration including defense secretary Rumsfield are on record as opposing a Palestinian state Is this how the Bush administration expressed to get hislamics support towards get son and policy Rumsfield's assistant secretary defense for international security JD crowd called in 1995 For a preemptive military strike in North Korea and attacked a woodabroad war to the entire Korean peninsula I wonder how Sodom feels being a backup target Rumsfield's under secretary of arms control international affairs John Boston is an outspoken opponent of the UN Most recently he lied about Cuba having weapons of mass destruction merely to take a cheap shot of former president Carter Us is the case against your back measured and made petty and ignorant men are running our foreign policy On every issue of importance the men making administrations policy have been factually and morally wrong Though they think they'll do any better in Iraq 101 of course on restructuring your back after the US invasion Don't bet the future on it, but that's the way your Bush is making Shamelessly the administration again floats the idea that Sodom was behind Al-Qaeda's terrorism besides lacking evidence it makes no sense As the New York Times Nick Christoff reminds us in October first column Iraq is one of the few Middle East Islamic countries where women have equal rights I'm key fundamentalist issues of religion and social policy of back under Sodom represents everything that Taliban and Al-Qaeda hate It's conceivable that been lie men's Sodom become allies against the US, but if this is so it's an alliance of opportunity for each after 9-11 a consequence of Bush's blunder of us militaristic policy I may go over a few seconds to bad Poles indicate great envelopes about going to war the cave in by many congressional Democrats is resolved of political cowardice and not the pressure of public opinion A movement is growing to stop the country from going to war it needs to be an inclusive citizen's movement that looks beyond the reach of existing peace and anti-war organizations What's needed is a commitment to civility and persuasion, or reaching out to wall citizens to matter where they stand on other issues When the bombs start falling another perspective will come into play until then we need to be the voice of reason in a national debate the Bush administration is not