a quickie was i it shocked me i i i i just remember you know knowing and be in a good football player i was surprised at his quickness inside they combine him with Ferguson who we lost all last year and then we have to who we signed for boulama or those are three good tackles and we have four very good and so we can line up our two pass rush defense events with uh... promise and and john everham that they run they run under four six their four five well that's everybody wants those speed rushers on the outside that's what we were trying to get so that's why you drafted brine promise that's exactly right that's why we took and uh... he sure looks good and camp and i'm using them on punt return i've got a one one little thing and and let them rush the punter a little bit so he's helping me there and uh... he looks good there looks real good to matter fact yet we will return to regular programming momentarily on wqm dot common the captain of fifteen six minutes is that so much to am i you all the white folks hate the black folks and the black folks hate the white folks to hate all but the right folks isn't all this fabulous rule but to read national brother to eat all national brother to eat lean a horn and share it park our dancing cheap to cheat one to you live a people you just buy as long as you don't let them in your school oh all the poor folks hate the rich folks and the rich folks hate the poor folks all of my folks hate all your folks it's american as apple pie but you're a national brother who eat national brother who eat new yorkers love the quattoree can cause it's very cheap step up and shake the hand of someone you can't stand you can tolerate him if you try all the products and hate the Catholics and the Catholics hate the products and and the Hindus hate the marbles and everybody hates the Jews but hurry national brother who eat all national brother who eat national everyone's my last one and another who do eat nice to people who are inferior to you it's only for a week so have no fear a big grateful light is on the last one yeah i don't feel fast 50 WCM happy junior happy a Monday to you i'm 152 votes pretty weak on a poll we took over the weekend when you think we'd had like eight million votes on that because it's not really just aspirin opinion don't have to like put on your thinking cap right there is a hateful answer and i see plus of course it was a dual holiday student to think that has something to do with plus and addition to that there probably a lot of the bushyes were like you know they're in retreat and you know something too bad tough to the probably didn't like a lot of those articles are red light winds they threw the infreity and i don't need that but probably the super patriots are getting rid of the flags again you know sorry can't jump on that bandbacon okay i think the truth uh will set you free and there are a lot of people who are emotional cripples and can't handle the truth you know i'm talking about emotional cripples kind of like motcheswick anyway 952 votes on the poll and we asked on Friday what do you think is going to happen is here on 9 11 which is Wednesday only two days away anybody out there can a little bit nervous oh we asked nothing unusual 538 people said that that's 56 and a half percent uh i have no idea which of course was a correct answer when that's the right answer that was the right answer that's what we voted 340 i mean how do we know but you know we did ask for your 342 said that 36 percent another terrorist attack 72 people always seven and a half percent well i shouldn't say only that's actually more than you would have thought is that yes seven and a half percent are in fear of another terrorist attack coming on Wednesday i don't know just it just seems to me two predictable you know i don't think that these scumbags these uh dark age assholes wanted to be predictable but at any rate we'll see i guess when we and i will take it as right now up front if you want to seek a refuge this Wednesday from the 85 thousand consecutive hours you're going to be hearing and seeing about uh you know while we're in the misery of last year's growth test events ain't going to happen on this show i told George before the show today i'm going to do my damnedest on Wednesday to avoid unless of course it's something happens if something happens we'll you know be on top of it but other than that uh forget about it excellent idea and we're not going to fit that's that's the wrong term news we're not going to forget about it but we're just give you a place where you can come and hide for four hours and get away from the endless coverage it's ridiculous last night now they had a good uh they had a good show on date line which had nothing in do with 9-11 which had to do with a trial the Pensacola trial which will get to in a minute because that's just it's just that my head is still spinning from all of that and you know who's the real asshole i i know i uh that's a really a loaded question i'll real asshole is Dan Abram's on MSNBC okay you know they're going on about well the fact that they tried the chavis then they tried the two kids uh and the same prosecuted they tried had two different trials in the same case and he's saying oh well you know this happens all the time and of course every other legal expert they've had on and last uh four or five days it said this is unprecedented nobody ever heard a search of thing but Dan Abrams who's always talking over the judge and talking over you know he's he's more important everybody else he's got an ego almost as big as mode chessboard put it at you right Dan Abrams on MSNBC you make me sick somebody who bought a Florida lot of ticket in a Pembroke park gas station is a millionaire i told George before the show and this is the truth two numbers away from not being here today i get a call eight fifteen Saturday morning the phone rings i'm sad to stay on a Saturday morning who the hell would you call just to choose it eight fifteen in the morning i would still be asleep at eight fifteen on a Saturday morning i would have so was i since i have to get up six o'clock in the morning the rest of the week on a week this right i enjoy sleeping on a week in a space and i don't have a dog crawling over me until whatever hell i feel like getting up full rings and of course i finally get up and i go out in the front room and uh there's nobody on the phone so i was already awake and i thought well i'll sit here in the next time the phone rings whoever the person is that calls that was the first new call that eight fifteen will wrap right very good show about ten after nine i'm sitting there watching tv ten after nine full rings it's rimmer yeah i'm not david remember the prosecutor from the two pentacola trials which i'll get to that man just it just uh frost my ass in the first trial he says oh here the two kids they're going to testify against Ricky chavis and you've had a believe what they say because uh they're little kids are not going to make up stories blah blah blah blah and then after he finds out what they and he and the judge and a couple of other people already knew the verdict from the first trial right then he goes and he puts the two kids on trial and he says to the jury a different jury says all when you can't believe what these kids said because they're ready to give a confession they got no credibility i mean what are we talking about here i think for justice we got to go to dawn corole owner somebody we saw the american justice system to joke but then Abrams says all happens all the time oh so anyway when we finally get to the end of a meaningless conversation i go to take place anytime the rimman finally says well uh i've got 21 lot of it tickets that i buy you 21 we'll go in partners i should sure whatever you know whatever noon yesterday the phone rings and i notice he like put it off until more respectable time noon yesterday my phone rings and there is the rimman again on one of the ticket i'm one of my 21 tickets we had the first four numbers in a row so good thing he had the tickets not me i think i would have had a farted at the in the elevator again so seriously i mean if you ever had the first four numbers no in a row no i mean at that point when you get to the fourth one you start like you're your cheek start vibrating and you're asked to but unfortunately that was the end of it so we got 70 bucks 70 bucks for us so that's 35 of a piece for 21 so i made 14 bucks so the fact that he won 14 i'll tell you they can afford to buy that lunch by the way how would you know if it was when your tickets are one of his he's separated them i see and i told him i said why he says see i didn't you know in other words he's bragging about the fact that he didn't lie about it i said hey for seven and five it had one of course and then of course of course if course if it would have had the other two numbers i would have called you up and it would have said i'm sorry then i'm sure you're diving has been disconnected no further information yeah he did yeah right he'd been long gone anyway seven tickets one bought up the subco at 31 51 westbound the ill beach boulevard night Saturdays winning numbers to share in the 85 minute dollar jackpot 10 16 22 29 we had 10 16 22 29 did not have 36 or 41 god damn it you think i would have been here if we would have no i would have to do one lie show all right you have to what the big one last show that big one lie show i could tell Greg it's just i'm not going to do the one lie show i'll still say hey Greg just to the hell of it and that goes for you two more which we'll get to that ridiculous story in the pombies post from Saturday in a minute anyway story employee off top wooden was so excited to find out there is gas station sort of winning lotter ticket he can graduate himself oh congratulations he said that's good i don't think he said a lot you think he said like that i think it's not just like that oh that's good wooden said Saturday brought too many people buying tickets everybody wanted ten lotter 15 lotter some people live in about a hundred tickets the other one in tickets were bought in four miars jackson real the winter garden winter haven in the indian lanic what does that that up like by a store i don't know it's up there i've heard about it and okala what do you mean you heard about it i heard the nine total of 433 tickets match five that's he the problem with a lot of years the five doesn't get enough the fours don't get enough and they you know i mean seventy bucks before numbers that's a ripple and and forty nine hundred and fifty seven for five it's it's week but like i said you know when they're going to be that many winners that's not the week you want to win anyway right right you want to know how much ten made in bucks you want to be greedy and get the whole god damn pot so nice going river don't call me fifteen in the morning getting you lunatic here on can i clarify something from uh Friday please never always talk about that nutrition book yes which i realize nobody cares about that nevertheless there was a thing and they were about sugar substitutes that ended o s e and about how they're all bad and yet yeah and so anyway after the show i realized that there's a message on my thing i go down this is your vina champion light which i was very excited about so i go down there and i get and i thought you know it seems to me that champion light has sucralos and sure enough i look and there and it does i look back in the book and i realize that only and i'm not saying this to like a shield for anybody because what if i always said about those sugar the ones that end in all like in all those candies so oh right you know what i'm talking about pd lending has made me crack my brains out all those ones that ended oh well like sorbetal and multi-tall and make a sh** crap at all about a way during doing too good no so anyway sucralos has no calories and know a carbohydrate so that's not a problem so it's a okay but fruit dose and maltose glucose those that have a chloride value it's the same as sugar see what i'm saying i say anyway here's our poll question for today and i put this off for a couple of weeks since i want to give me everybody not particularly ripped your i mean to give you a high marks how did your do filling in for neal this summer we do this every year what about what is this the thirty year in a row yes do whatever year and generally you come out okay i mean there are a few people out there want to take a cheap shot want to rip you an ass and of course it no plus it's the dual holiday so i figured out a good time to take it there won't be as high of a you content who consider you to be a virulent anti-semite which is just totally unrealistic and even though somewhat true how did your do filling in for neal this summer i've got you six choices okay well excellent job better than ever that's gonna be my vote i'll tell you that right now good okay okay fair week or i don't listen when George is on now that covers it all don't to think sure does i'm giving you a real good uh opportunity there to get kissed or ripped or what's the distinction between fair and okay i know k means that they enjoy it it fair means like just don't start nitpicking or given like all these are one of the clarification on there and that because if we take out one of those i mean they're at least you got four that are okay all right okay okay okay okay my poll god damn it i've seen your polls believe me how did George do filling in for neal this summer excellent job better than ever that that's all one by the way okay or if you're gonna i don't want to get air confused because it looks your is swirling now good okay okay fair week or i don't listen when George is on well look at this we're getting a little behind it's nine thirteen is because we got a little bit of late start don't worry about it moan no problem baby no sweat anything for you mo right no no we'll get to that Charles l more column by the way the uh news sections in the palm beach post like i told you before really have some good stuff the sports section maybe the worst in the universe between Brian begin and Charles l more or what a goofball anyway let me tell you about a goofball and that's you know who's a goofball i just discovered it over the weekend skipy our new sales guy he puts in like a rubber glove right and inside your back though because remember our the conversation i had with him on Friday morning hmm get me some copy for this but even you can hear it at this account for Brian and okay okay whatever you say okay did he get me any copy did he do a good thing no he did write a morning right i see that's right i was too long ago i mean it wasn't long enough ago let me tell you about olio matter to product no matter how hot how humid how inserpable it gets outside it'll keep you healthy on the inside olio matter to soft yell caps will contain the best olive oil and we know the wonders of olive oil man so i'm a smear it on our feet some people smear it in there go over to bodies the greets used to and that too anyway inside of the soft yell caps are the best olive oil anywhere is along with vitamins and minerals and rebels to promote help for your prostate your heart your blood pressure and your cholesterol and also one for your circulatory system they make a product specifically for your digestive your endocrine system one for your skin and bones even one for your mind skipy all using the benefits of the best olive oil you'll find anywhere like i just had only moments ago and don't forget olio matter makes products for men and ladies out there too even real ones way to get a story on rosy by the way becoming a man kicks him up uh well uh olio man that is at wall greens whole food markets and our pharmacy and cedanos it's a stupid public exciting very good new product you want to find out more about what it does just call their tool free number and ask whatever you want to ask call 1 866 olio man that's 1 866 olio man don't forget to get more information and order their products from their website too if you prefer olio man america dot com stereo Plain 18s past injured After Otto, U.S. makes urgent case for war, and, of course, all the saber-wattlers were out there in full reggae to yesterday, and all the talking henchios. There was condescending condolese to his honor, and there was Dick Cheney on with his good-closed personal friend, and neighbor Tim Russer, on Eta Pres. Again, feeling really tough softballs. There was a colon, my colon's, kill me, pal, and there was Donald Aratling the saber at Rumsfeld. They were all on there. Cheney, of course, bringing all kinds of astonishing recent news that, oh, my gosh, Muhammad Adat Ahmed with Iranian officials in Germany, maybe possibly, as if that was something new. Didn't we hear that last year? I'd like shortly in the day, after 9-11. Yeah. And we still don't know if it really happened, but that's one of the excuses. Let me just tell you right now, okay. The reason I'm not taking a poll on Iraq, whether we should invade, we did that before long time ago. Yes. Because it's a moot point. Because the decision to court of the front page of New York Times on Friday, but the decision has been made months ago, it's not a question of if it's a question of when. And I think sooner rather than later is going to be the situation. Of course, it's only a coincidence that the saber rattling is starting now coinciding with the anniversary of 9-11 in two days and with the election come up in less than two months. I'm just suggesting it's only a coincidence. You don't understand that. I understand. There's nothing political involved here. Anyway, before we get into any of that stuff and also about Papa Bush who I just got too much stuff, and then back to that trial again. Not before that, Charles L. Moore, who called George on Friday from the Palm Beach Post, which has maybe the worst sports writers in sports section this remaining kind, path to radio booth took a David's room, is the headline on the article? You didn't see it, huh? Oh, yeah, I get the poll. I have a subscription. No, I would have thought somebody would have fast you several copies already by now. Nobody fastened in? Nope. Well, oh, maybe nobody reads the Palm Beach Post, or maybe nobody in Palm Beach County listens to the O'Rodgers show. That could be it. Path to radio booth took David's room, Howard David brings a new flight in New York flavor to his regular season debut Sunday, meaning yesterday is the radio voice of the dolphins, as they beat a little girls team pounded the crap bottom. His ears as a jet announcer also put him on the receiving end of the occasional Bronx cheer and south Florida. Switching from one team to a hated rival, maybe unusual, but I think I've had more positive feedback than negative David said Thursday. I've had some negative feedback from people who still show she made me with the jet. I say, look, it's on Shola, he wants coach the cults, did he have any problems with allegiance here because he coached the cults? No, and it's the same with me. Still when the jet's come calling in a couple of weeks, Howard said it's going to be a little strange, it's going to be very strange, just like when the jets blew the game there at the end and then pulled it on the ear kick off an overtime. It's often players kidding that he's going to help them break the 8th game losing street to the jets. It's often linebackers, act Thomas told him, or chew the voice of the jets, maybe he can beat them now. Accusations of secret jets, sympathies, haven't been the only bugs on the windshield in David's journey to Florida, says Charles Elmore. He moved to Booker Reto to serve as a sports tacos on WQAM-56DAM. After beginning that job, he was named to replace play by playman Bill Zimfer on the offense network, which includes WDGA-850Aman West Palm Beach. Carl Aranless Jim Manditz questioned the ways Zimfer was let go, Zimfer made some wounded remarks, WQM tacos near Rogers stood up to talk that David played an instigating role, David denied it, but he said he felt dragged to the mud. He was dragged to the mud. The listeners were not always sure what was real and what was show-based in the honor feud with Rogers, but David does not sound like a man tweeting it as a gag. Asked about Rogers, David said, I've never seen more infighting than I've seen here, and it starts with him. David said he prefers not to dwell on the Rogers issue. The last time I listened to him was June 3rd. He said, oh, come on, Mo, come on, Mo, Ches, what cool to have. Last time he listened to the show was June 3rd. I remember because it was my birthday. He came in. First of all, I didn't come in because you sent to the beast and invite me to comment to suck up to you and wish you a happy birthday to tell me why you hate George like poison. He came in and turned something I said in confidence into a bit. There was nothing said in confidence. And wait, here's the best part. David did not rehash the episode. Well, of course he didn't rehash the episode, because then he'd have to admit what was that he told me about how he backed off. He did the right thing. He didn't force George to get fired. Because he's obviously too embarrassed to actually spell it out right in public. They tried to get George Rodriguez can't because of a few silly emails that George facts to me up here that I used on the air about him. David did not rehash the episode and a producer for Rogers said he didn't recall Rogers did not respond to a message. You told him he didn't recall? No, I didn't. I said I don't know what he's talking about. Yes, see? Charles L. Moore, man. You were a writer like Brian Begaine is a writer. In fact, he probably like hang out together. I said, I don't know anything about that. Would Neil little? Radio can be a tough business to last you malfunctioned and outsears did not leave by their own choice with veteran Rick Weaver, East out before his emperor. David said he understands that gaining and losing jobs is part of the game. He wasn't particularly happy with the way he was left to go from an outsting NFL game for the Westwood one that were going to favor Marv Albert. In the middle of negotiations, they didn't call me back for three days. David said the way they did it was just unethical. They demonstrated no class. A Westwood one spokesman declined to comment. In that amazing area is so it's managed. Zimfer, me, Westwood one. It's more against the world, baby. Nobody has any class. Everybody's full of crap except Mo. David's attention is now on the team at hand. The thing I've appreciated most of you said is the support I received internally at WQA and the Dolphin's organization. They've shown me more. More respect and loyalty than I can possibly equate to anything in my career. I guess a lot of the back fighting I've seen that goes in certain areas I've learned to ignore. For his part, managed said he and David are a machine will coming along just fine, managed said you move on. Somebody told me, agreed David. It's better than expected. I think we came out firing. I don't have any concerns. The only concerns I have are the offensive line and the past run. That's what Mo. Had to say. Like when they play a real team as opposed to yesterday's little girls team that was just a tune up. So there's this story from the anxious, pombies post which like I said, good news stories, horrible sports section and a very weak article by Charles Elmore that says nothing. Now, oh here I got a vote on the thing. I already went job better than ever. That's my vote for George Isummer. I didn't hear a whole lot of it but what I heard was a gigantic improvement and certainly better than those awful best in the old tapes. How come I'm trying to vote on here? I must not. Oh, maybe somebody already made it. You're building excellent job better than ever's got five. Oh yeah. Okay. I voted for okay by the way. I voted for okay by the way. Good to okay one. No negative vote yet. I love it. Just course Greg hasn't voted yet and Maddie Bell. Easy to ask again, Greg. Easy to ask. Yeah. Your little co-host personal friend Maddie Bell. Tell the one of those backstabbers him and P.D. Lenny. That's a good poll to take one day. Who? Oh man. P.D. Lenny and Moch has wick. Three of George's notorious backstabbers. No, Tories, B.I.G. whatever. Huh? Which is the worst? Don't trust that P.D. Lenny man as far as you can throw him and as a matter of fact that's there. What I would do with him is like just tie him up and start force feeding him a sorbet hall and like make him sit in the corner. Certainly not a corner close to where you are though. Florida verdict, stunned prosecutor and jury. You understand how this thing is possible. They explained it over and over again and I'm still not accepting it. I think that's a new way the American because especially since in California and other places the Justice system has such a difficult time in convicting anybody including people who are obviously guilty. What we're going to start doing now is we'll have one prosecutor try like 20 or 30 of them people for the same crime. Okay. In front of different juries and then he'll like put one against the other one and they'll finally come up with a conviction. And use reasonable doubt of one as reasonable doubt for the other and each other and therefore nobody did it. I mean this was just the most unbelievable thing I've ever seen in course a guy named Rimmer was David Rimmer. Have you seen him on TV? Yeah. Makes me want a puke that Rimmer. I'm talking about David Rimmer okay. She I have to suck up a little bit because I want to make sure I get my 21 bucks. No 35 bucks sorry. 926 did 560 WCM will get it at that. We got all kinds of stuff on your rack which you're like I said it's a mood point because it's not a question of it. It's going to happen. I got a great article from today's national post ripping the crap out of the Yappuci media here in America. And about the public most of the yappuci media go along because you know you have to be patriotic baby. You can't criticize your government. You can't ask any questions like all those articles I read last Wednesday through the infreity which I'm sure that there's plenty of people in the audience. Oh no you can't say those things. You're in T of that aren't you sure with that? Positive. I bet your life on it. 926 did 560 QM have you heard the news about the 3.95% mortgage in the fact that Todd Rack won't get us any new copy that both of those things are true. If you've been thinking about a quit-taking and do something now is the time to purchase home or we finance your existing home at the incredibly low rate of only 3.95%. If you have a 7.5% mortgage that's 3.95% rate would say we're over 3.5% or over 3.500 dollars the first year on a hundred thousand dollar mortgage. Don't make things hard make him easy pick up the phone a confidential group 1-800-940-Landle and D that's 1-800-94053 63 getting a mortgage someplace else will cost you thousands of extra dollars every year. Think of all the money you're going to say when you got a 3.95% mortgage financial groups help thousands of customers just like you. Put your financing and the best possible position by getting yourself a 3.95% mortgage confidential group today. Ask all the questions you be having called 1-800-9405363. That's 1-800-9405363, there an equal housing lender, credit restrictions do apply and don't forget rates are subject to change if you wait too long. 1-800-9405363 We're sports-winny-0560. You, A, M. F.F. You heard me wine and get a pledge. I'm fed enough for our desires. I'm telling you all how I feel. I got the chance. Got a bad deal. You bring quality in the making industry. Bad nights are kind of silly. No one's wider than me but I'm still not a man to more. You know I'm not a man. You know it doesn't. Yeah I'm still not a man. Come on. You know you feel so angry right now. Let's face this life full of a man. I'm pretty too at 5.60. I just had a great idea for Wednesday. What is this? What's up? And I'm not suggesting there was anything humorous or funny about 9-11. Obviously there was not. But this business of anniversaries, not was having to celebrate especially something morbid, right, a negative anniversary. Exactly. The idea of wallowing in misery. I mean and I saw enough last night. Believe me. You know 60 minutes had a two hour special. And again here the pictures again then CBC had another thing. And finally I said, They're hell with it and I went to bed. I can't take anymore. And it and yesterday was only Sunday. Well they warming up for the middle of the week. So I'm thinking maybe Wednesday what we'll do is just play like mostly comedy bits all day. Okay. Just to give people an alternative, who don't want to water when the misery of it. It was grotesque. It was horrendous. It was unacceptable. And it wasn't because it was America. It was because it was innocent human beings who were incinerated by a bunch of lunatics. Why we have to keep putting in these terms of well. America was attacked. innocent people were murdered were butcher. That's what it was all about. And it's going on all over the world. And always has. Because basically what the world is all about. Like I've been trying to tell you is religious lunatics against the rest of us. We just want to live our lives and be left alone. It's as simple as that. Religious fanatics which you know I don't want to be redundant. So I think once they meet me, we'll just do that. You know sounds great. Sounds good to me. As opposed to re- well whatever. All we could take a lot of calls. I watched this tonight join. What is this? Mark and Joe. Did you write this out? No. Who's writing is this? Pete. Pete who? How many Pete's do we have working here? Oh, Pete he landed? Oh, no. He just gets on my nerves. Too much backstabbing, Pete. Too much yanting and too much backstabbing. Anyway, I just dismissed Candid. Out all the way to the mark and Joe. So I guess I better do it. Time to floor. Put him in anybody else. See that? And this guy and he's got all kinds of stuff in here. And I said, it's a spot. It's not. I'm not doing it. It's a spot. I'll just tell you where they're going to be. Okay, I'm not doing all of this other stuff. Join Joe and Mark the dirty boys at the Gatsby's Kindle. For the Crown World Monday, that football party. What time is it? Does it say what time it's going to be? No, I guess whenever the game is going to be, which is nine o'clock. Great game, by the way. Patriots in the Steelers tonight. So Rosie Joe and Mark at the Gatsby's Kindle for the big thing. That's it. That's all you're getting, Pete. You're not getting another whole spot. These sales holes will want to horror your show and horror your show. They don't give you any copy. They don't give you a squad. But thanks for the champion, like by the way. And what's that was I doing? I was talking about daylight right from last night. Right. Oh, look at the pool. We got their after you know. Yeah, I'm so idiot. No, you know who it is. Of course 62 votes. So far, how did George do filling in for Neil this summer? I don't listen when George is on 26. 42 percent. Well, that's about right. You lose about 40 percent. I'm not like I should say. You keep about 60 percent. 60 to 70 percent. What's wrong with that? Nothing. We had anybody else in this town. It's going to keep 60 to 70 percent of the audience in this show. No. Anybody else at QIN? No. Maybe Joseph Gackie. I don't listen when George is on 26. Excellent job better than number 16. Good 15. Fair. Or right. I'm okay for week. 3 and fair. No. See, you're right. There's a little distinction there. But fair. So let's see. Positive. Excellent. Good. Okay. I was 40. If we're not 55 percent. Is that right? Okay. No. Not okay. Okay. Only had like 6 percent. Anyway, date line last night had the interview members of both theories from the Chavis trial and the two of Punky of Noxious Kids. And it was shocking. It was unbelievable because they people that they talk to all of them. Believe that Ricky Chavis is the one who killed the father with a bat. Right. Now the first group they said they believed that, but they didn't. The prosecution didn't present enough evidence. And then the one guy, this old crepe, he says, Well, you know, I voted to a clip because he's got these other two charges. You're going to have to be tried for and I know he's going to be convicted and go up the river for at least 50 years. So I'm not worried about that. You're following that? No. He's convinced that he did it as was the whole jury basically. But they didn't have enough evidence to convict them. And then the jury and the kids, the trial, they also believe that Chavis actually did the thing which is why they only convicted the kids of second degree murder. Not first degree murder. Because they don't believe that they actually swung a bat and delivered the blows to was had to kill them. They think they're making Chavis do it. And they were shocked when they heard the version the Chavis trial of not guilty. They were in disbelief. Anyway, jurors who tried two baby face boys and charges, a killing their father with a baseball bat, were a gas to learn that another panel had acquitted and a dull accused in the case. But they're conclusion that the boys only helped. They didn't swing the bat, stunned the prosecutor who presented both cases. Yeah, that David Rimmer asked all. And like I said, he's telling the first jury, all of these kids are credible and they're going to testify against Ricky Chavis. And you got to believe them and blah blah blah blah. And then he tells the second jury that they're a little liars and that they already confessed. And here's their confession for you to listen to. And they did it. Man, this is justice. You watch this whole thing. This thing's going to blow up in their face on a peered. You know that. Yeah, which is thanks to all. I know so. Alex and Derek King ages 13 and 14 were spared a life term on a dreary fondom guilty Friday of second to be murder without a weapon. The boys face 22 years to life without parole, but the judges speeding go below the minimum when they're sentenced. October 17. If they've been convicted of first of e-mothers charged, the only option was life sentences without parole. Their convictions have rekindled talk about changing a Florida law that allowed them to be tried as adults. In a separate trial convicted child molester Ricky Chavis 40 was accused of committing the crime by himself. He was acquitted and diverted with sealed until after the boys trial. A assistant state attorney David Rimmer, who prosecuted both. The police had ignored the allegation they wielded the bed and simply gave the boys a jury pardon by convicting them of the lesser offense. The jurors know good and well he was killed with a weapon. Remember said that's a jury pardon. That's okay. I don't have a problem with that. The jury forewoman said that that wasn't the case that the panel believed neither boys swung the bed. But rather than Chavis carried out the slaying, the jurors didn't know, of course, that Chavis already been acquitted in a separate trial. Their decision to convict the boys a second to be murdered was based on their belief that Alex and Derek open the door to let the killer about. The house for woman Lyndon fourth told a Pensacola news journal that reasoning stunned Rimmer. I didn't think that at all Rimmer said Rimmer had avoided asking the Chavis jury for conviction saying the only reason the case came. Came to trial with that the boys had lied either when they told police they killed their father or the jurors when they said, Chavis did it. He said it was up to the Chavis jury to decide which was the lie and added, I don't have a dog in this fight. Oh, give me a break. One of the jurors reasoning in the boys' trial he said was, I thought perhaps he encouraged them to do it but I never felt Chavis was there. Alex and Derek had testified they opened the door and they went out to Chavis's car but no physical evidence was introduced to the trial showing the Chavis had been in the house. Schwartz said the jurors thought the boys recorded a confession were forced, rehearsed, and un-belivable, unbelievable. Right. Schwartz said the King jurors were aghacked when they heard Chavis have been acquitted. I was so shocked I couldn't believe it, so Schwartz 52. She said the other jurors saw a different presentation, different interpretation. It's too bad they couldn't have all been tried to get them out of an affair. Trial she said. The Reverend Thomas Masters, a lenial opponent of prostituting children as adults, and death sentences for juvenile said he thought the jury was sending a message to change the law. There's no way in the word it can receive a fair trial and adult arena where you're looked upon as an adult when you have the might of a child said masters, a pastor at New Macedonia back to the church in prestigious Riviera Beach. Masters became involved in the issue of one of his teenage congregation members, which charged with murderers and adult. Nathaniel Brazil was 13 and May 2000, and he wow he don't want to go on with that. Florida Logives Prosecutors only two choices when children are charged with major crimes such as murder, they can be prosecuted with juveniles or adults with nothing in between Governor Jeb Bushmeister, acknowledges being uncomfortable with some prosecution and children as adults. I do think prosecutors ought to have the flexibility to determine the jurisdiction, whether it's juvenile or adult he said. How did he want to say right now this guy this chabas this pedophile piece of third? Yes, whether or not whether or not he wielded the bat. He was up to up to his ears in it, okay? He either planted the idea and gave them the idea of doing it or he did it himself. If guilty is held, implicated right up to his guy, name your lobes. Don't you think? Of course so. See one thing about pedophiles, the contrary to what the church would tell you, they don't, there's no cure. Right. And then of course he denies or writing the love letters that I was having at sex with a, with this 12 year old kid. What, hey, there's American justice for you, baby, is it, is it stand? Let's try a whole bunch of people, okay? Maybe we can get one conviction or maybe we can get like two, maybe we can fry two people for the same crime. I bet you they'd like that in Texas. Yeah, when they want to hang everybody. 941, just calm down, just relax, don't get all whipped up into a frenzy. We're going to go into a rack, we're going to invade, we're going to, you know, put the lives of hundreds of thousands of our young people, young men and women at the risk. Like you said before the show, they were going to like rack the hornets messed. You? You're going to fight out, you really have those chemical and buy it. You really have that nerve gas to unleash on our military. We're going to find out what we'll find out. Yeah, hey, no more barbecues, no more vacations because some are just about over in the kids are back in school. So you probably gained a ton during the summertime, we'd like to know how to get it off. Here's how you get off. You call our friends at Valence for life and you can lose weight with a big smile on your pussy cause it works. It's not some quick diet. It's not some crap that the in little freezer bags are like those little silly containers. They bring you a beautiful little black sack. Every morning right to your home, your office, your door, whatever the hell you are by six an a. In your black sack is all a food you need for the whole day. So you don't have to figure anything out. If you're done with them, saw us. Look at the beast. He's not the brightest guy we've ever met. But at any rate, he's lost. What is it like 53 pounds? 53. And well on his way to becoming a human being and you can do just as well or even better. Because the fact of the matter is the food is delicious. It's fresh. You get to pick from two choices for every meal at your everyday run a program and also not only three meals but two delicious snacks in there and little bottle water as well. And boy, you stick with it and the weight will come pouring off your body. You'll be healthy too and you'll have. I guarantee even if you go back to neighborhood bar to watch the game on a Monday night. You'll have the most beautiful schools you've seen in years. In the bar and in the bowl. So let balance for life take care of that weight loss because like I said, it really works. And it's the delicious guaranteed weight. Lose that weight. Calm today and get started. 9.54. 5.6.8. 32.29. 9.54. 5.6.8. 32.29. Or get more information to out the balance for life program and how it be working at their website. BalanceForLife.com. 0.7. 9. 9. 8. 9. 7. 6. 9. 7. 9. 9. 9. 9. 9. 9. 9. 9. 9. 9. 11. 11. 9. How is all that I don't know? I'm all too critical of you. Ain't nothing like a voice down the whole. With this desire away. This is just, this is just, this is just, yeah, from other days it's great. Yeah, this is just, this is just, this is just a way. Always. Red Rye. Right! Right, out. Watch the movie. Mmm. The movie. Recknome comes the ground. Yeah, but this is just not your way. A ride. This is a ladies thing, But yet the milk's a bad go-dee. Ooh, thanks. You've had for ride to feed. This is from out of the way. I've got to people seem to like. Who knows you may even find? Do the riding and riding. If this is not the way. Yes, this is oh, this is this. If from under the roof cage. Oh my god. Yeah, this is this. This is this. Yeah, this is this. That's it. Come on. Let's go. Let's go. Let's ride. Let's go. Let's go. Like it. Let's go. Watch the monkey. Time 48 is five. Sixth and we do a viewer where we'll play that now. No. You're not? No. I've been reading this entire thing that you've facted to me that one of our listeners from South Mind. Oh, that little thing. I found this on my doorstep in South Mind. This week. I thought you'd be interested. It's a piece of propaganda from the Repeal the gay rights ordinance people. And by the way, you'd probably get into what it says here. Yeah. Friday night on Donahue, which I was one of the ten people watching. And right here about his ratings. Oh my god, they've even lower than Moa Chesswell. Oh, it's damn it. Anyway, guess it was on your mayor. Pingo Picania. Yeah. Yeah. He's talking about what totally I'm qualified to be there. Against that our mayor, Brad. Oh, what should I think that? Have you ever seen her? No. Man, talk about foaming it to mouth. Ha ha ha ha ha. She didn't want to shut up for a second. And of course, she also was just viewing propaganda. And unfortunately, he was totally unqualified to be on here. Because she kept saying things like there was no discrimination. There's never been one case by and of course in the article I have here from Washington Post. Uh, which I'll get to in a second. 71 discrimination claims have been filed with a county since the United S. Norton's was restored four years ago, more than 50 been settled or are still open. And of course, that's only people actually had the cohones to come forward and file discrimination suits. But according to a Ms. Armesto, there are no discrimination cases. It's just a smokes ring. And it's a piece of crap says, do not be fooled. It's a smokes ring, say, which will take away your parental rights. Kids get graphic instruction homosexual sex. Many of us are familiar with the travesty that occurred in the Massachusetts Public School System where a glisten man workshops were children exposed to workshops that thought, um, what is that? Oh, fisting. See, there you go. Oh, fisting. I just get to a plan and I can't read this thing. Fisting and other techniques for gay sex. This is what they will do in date if given the chance. Voting assets says 242 September 10th, meaning tomorrow. And of course, obviously anybody with a brain will vote, which is what Mayor Pingo Picano was leading. In fact, you know, he's the co-chair of the vote, no campaign. No, I didn't know that. I didn't like that. Well, he can sniff the political wins. You know, he stuck his nose out the window. He stuck one finger up, um, our good friend won many. It is. Right. And put his nose out the window. He said, oh, my God. Not to politically correct to be voting. Yes, on this thing. I'm repeal. And anyway, here's the other thing. Now, she was, uh, she didn't want to stop talking. Donny, who was, uh, hard pressed to get her to shop for a second. I need a Brian at all. Her early 1970s, Boofock, Laurie smiles down from a record cover, brought on a cornerfile cabinet of the election headquarters of the gay rights group saved day. Boy, remember that? Like it was yesterday. The election was a mythic and reviled figure in this room. The orange juice spokeswoman and beauty queen, who led a successful campaign 25 years ago to repeal a groundbreaking ordinance that prohibited discrimination against gays and lesbians in date county. The ordinance was narrowly restored in 1998 by county commissioners, but it is once again the subject of a fiercely contested repeal effort that will be decided by voters tomorrow. The election bears enormous practical and symbolic importance to national gay rights groups, which have sent dozens of volunteers to mime in hopes of defeating the measure and discouraging repeals in more than 200 cities and counties that have laws prohibiting discrimination against gays and lesbians. It's sort of our version of the freedom writers that Laurie Jean II would record the national gay and lesbine tax force, which is contributed volunteers in the 100 grand to save date, a need to bribe and wreak havoc all over the country, wanted to show the country that not only has my image changed, but the world has changed too. Brian, who lives in Tennessee, has not been involved in the summer's date category, but reminders of her 1977 campaign are everywhere. She's tried to find two nickels to rub together, so she can pay all of her help in O'Pore Anita. At times, it seems gay rights activists here are battling the ghost of Brian's long-goes save our children campaign, as much as they can serve it of Christian groups who have sponsored the court repeal, a flyer and saved dates off as her just volunteers do undo Anita, homophobia is so retro. The flyer evokes a central tension and election campaign, saved date once voters to view the repeal as an anti-gay initiative, the pro repeal take back Miami-Dade Group once the frame as an assault on what they believe is unless a serious law. Take back Miami-Dade's approach departs somewhat from the strategy employed by Brian, who took a moral tone in her public remarks and more than the anti-discrimination law, but encouraged gays to recruit children. Take back date as echoed some of those themes and literature attributes, one of its flyer said, homo-sexualists want to get orphaned children through adoptions, and they're demanding the repeal of all laws that protect children against sexual abuse and exploit a nation. An anti-nivered duo, a member of take back Miami-Dades says, the central theme of the campaign focuses on not extending privileges to gays and lesbians that might not be afforded to others. The real is you with special rights and special powers that some people in our community wanted is used as a battering ramigains people who disagree with a particular ideology said for Dugo, who is head of the Miami-Dade Christian Coalition. What a surprise. He starts reductions in date counting grants to the boy Scots, which bands gay true pleaters take back date also contends that gays and lesbians are not the victims of discrimination. They have gay clubs, they have gay nights, they pubs that are not gay, they have gay restaurants, said Rosa armesto de Gonzales, a take back date of volunteer who serves as verdict was attorney, instead of discrimination you see special treatment. Such reasoning baffles George Kettlehone's coach here meant to save date considering that 71 discrimination claims have been a file of the county equal opportunity for it, since the non-discrimination ordinance was restored four years ago, more than 50 cases have been settled or are still open according to boards records. If we're all the claims filed with a board, Kettlehone said one of his group's main challenges is drawing gays and their supporters to the polls tomorrow. The people who are worth this tend to be complacent because they think their human rights are safe, he be saying. That sense of complacency was stoked Kettlehone said by a herald pull release last week that showed 54% opposed to the repeal, 34% forward and 12% on decided in the past decade, repeals in Maine and Colorado succeeded after pre-election post predicting the office had resolved, meaning in the privacy of the voting booth, all of a sudden, bigotry brewers that's ugly head and political correctness goes out the window. In date county and array of politicians and celebrities and publicly opposed the repeal including 18 of the 21 mayors in the county and pops their glory as step on. The repeal effort is also suffered from a series of scandals, take back date came under far-friusing the image of Martin Luther Coo and Juni on a flyer. Also for repeal supporters including for Dugo were arrested last month for falsifying petitions needed to get the measure on a ballot they have pleaded not guilty and have said the arrest were politically motivated. In the final days leading up to the election's votes sides have turned to churches, candlelight vigils were played and Sunday sermons were polished. It seemed fitting in Arthur Curtis 61 a save date volunteer, remembered a gathering of St. John's on Lake Church in Miami Beach to plan strategy for the fight against the repeal. Someone mentioned that Bryant used to sing their in years before she moved from a mansion to Miami Beach. We all thought it was a brilliant moment Curtis said they were all sitting down where Anita Bryant had staged her last hurrah in date county. And finally, hey Anita, fight, fight, fight! That's for you sweetheart. Yeah, the old orange juice queen. Seen her lately? No, I have a... The only thing we heard about her is the fact that she can't find like I said four nickels to rub together and she can't pay her help not to in so long. Not to until good for Anita. That'll teach you to take us on fat y'all's fags. And of course that was before we had rosy. I'm telling you one thing about the rosy O'Donnell boy he's really doing it. Let's see, 100 judges. 100 19 votes on a pool how did George do filling in for Neil this summer? I don't listen well when George is on 53, 44 and a half percent. Sounds a little high to me. I think those are game players coming to try to bust your balls. You think? Excellent job better than ever, 25. Good, 22. Okay, 12. So you add those up and you got a few, you know? Week six and fair for a front leg at one. Well somebody had a vote for fair just, you know, to realize it being a choice. You know, nine 56 and five 60 W. Two, I got the mad dog, the angry, uh, Hound at one o'clock. We got Hank at three with that more from five to six. As Hank continues learning more ways of having real short shows. Nice going up her. Six 30 to eight 30 a tour of cool hotline from David Buster's eight 30 to 10 or Lando the big, uh, Alcigar good guy, bad show. And then from 10 to 10 30 we must have dead air because the schedule says, Okay, 10 30 to two and Joe and Mark overnight. You notice that? Yeah, that happens sometimes. I see. Could be a misprint clearance and I hear deaf ones to come back. You know, mattress shopping like I've been telling you is only for idiots. If you do with the old fashion way, if you do it the smart way, it's for smart people. And that is picking up the phone and calling the experts at dialometrist 1 800 mattress, telemoleneal, toward the call. I've been using these people for a coupons age. I wouldn't think of find a mattress any other way. You've got to be stupid to do that. And then Charles, I'm already column about you. And when you call 1 800 mattress, you'll be instantly connected with a bedding expert and those their craft will hook you up with a best brand name. That's an unbeatable price and unbeatable delivery deal too. And also that unbeatable 30 day and home covered guarantee to make a long story. Sure, it is on the right. Unbeatable call 1 800 mattress, choose from the top. See the us see the that's in a one. See this sort of ceiling. See the sink or we got now five months. And when you call dialometrist, you pick the day and the two are wonderful. That's convenient for you any day the week seven days away. Like noon to two, one to three, two to four, et cetera. And like I said, you get 30 days to check it out to make sure that you and your back are doing good and you get a great night sleep every night. So replace that lumpy worn out bumpy old mattress that's killing your back and not giving you good night sleep. You'll be sleeping like a baby as soon as the night. If you pick up that instrument right now and call 1 800 mattress 1 800 mATT RES or check them out on that wicked web. If you like at mattress.com. My and local we're sports video 560s you and you a. Else people are ISO. where s bunTON shun lnea we're judging oh are you sure you keine Also cut their soap in. You'll come up again up and suck in. What the f**k! Bush is a star, he's a f**k up. Oh, we're fine. Bush is a star, he's a f**k up. Bush is a star, he's a f**k up. Bush is a star, he's a f**k up. That's a ha-op! Bush is a star, he's a f**k up. Bush is a star, he's a f**k up. Bush is a star, he's a f**k up. Bush is a star, he's a f**k up. Bush is a f**k up. Bush is a f**k up. Ten-02 at five-60, WQM. That's his on CNN at the Canada says that it must work through the M-1 first. Because he met Indy Trudy, he's meeting Indy Trudy with John Cretchen, or Froggy, you know what? Cretchen told him this morning. That's exactly what he said. So here's the fact that says Georgia Show is the second best on QAM behind yours, Georgia Show has steadily improved and you are. That's the little bit correct, Ian. I'd like to bear that out by pointing out, did it the last two summers, and I'm sure this summer will be no different? The ratings are Georgia Show are far higher than anybody else. I'm QAM, you think that's a coincidence? No, of course, for granted, it happens by osmosis. It's the tape that helped me. I see, you know, let me ask you, why did you, ah, fax me this note is supposed to like discussing it on the years? Or something wrong with that? I don't know if you wanted to discuss it on it. Why not? I don't know, because I don't want to those things. Because George said in this note, which seems kind of silly, I don't know, it seems kind of strange by reading a fax when you're sitting right there. Not that there's anything wrong with pruning appearances for other people from other shows, especially people we like like Joe and Mark and Beast, but you're the only one meaning me on this day's net does that. Well, when I used to do appearances, mad dog would promote it all the time on a weekend and Joe Rosy had you mentioned Joe, but you left out mad dog. He's very good at that. Of course, that's probably because he's our partner in crime, like in the 10 to 30 years. He's doing the one to three, but even before he was my partner in crime, when he was only doing weekends, he still always was real good about that. Like a lot of times he'd be on a year on a weekend on Saturday, and we'd be doing a thing like a pizza law from the other. And you'd be driving there. He'd be promoting the hell out of it. The weekend guys like when Joe does the weekend show if there's something going on or about to come on there. He will promote it in one man. The little dog and the man dog, the very good. And I'm sure that if you give the information to Moe, he'd be delighted to promote your friends. And I'm going to start doing appearances like a brand new pizza law. I'm sure that Moe will be going up. Extended to do that. Since you brought up the example, there are some shows that don't promote appearances for their own people. Really? Really? Well, there's some shows that don't promote. Not only don't promote other shows on a station, but encourage their listeners, not to listen to certain other shows on a station. Now, you know, I guess you're also more of a misdeceiving in his big column and Saturday in the Palm Beach post. On president, it may be in history of broadcasting, that we have certain people on QAM promoting for people not to listen to the show that follows them. This is also on her own. Of course, he can't be influenced by this, because he don't listen anymore. How do you like that? So we have a high marks for Joe and what's his name? I'm in the Maddo. All right, let's get down to business. Okay? I got so much stuff here and I feel like I've wasted the whole first hour. You think it was a waste? No. No, I don't think so. This is from Newsweek, and this is going to make you puke. Get the bag out. Okay, and don't forget this Wednesday, this will be the one show. I think we want to make light of 9-11. I would be the last thing in the world we would do, but I'd like to give people an alternative, who've already seen enough of the pictures, heard enough of the horror stories, heard enough of the grieving from the relatives, and enough of the grieving already, and you know what? How long do we have to be in perpetual grief, right? Right. You can be angry, you can be pissed off, you can be outraged, but you can't lose your sense of humor, and you can't lose your will to go on with life. That's what we need to do is go on with life. Instead of this constant research of outrage being orchestrated, you know, by the powers in Washington, manipulating us like puppets on the end of the string, playing with our emotions, so that we get already to get behind this new war now. Which just coincidentally, all the Saber Rattling coming right before the goddamn election. Just the coincidence, and like Cheney says, you know, off your elections, we have an election every other year. Right, just the coincidence. Even though they plan for this month and months and months ago, only now, are they starting to really rattle their Sabers publicly? You notice that? I notice. Exclusive in Newsweek, the informant who lived with a hijackers, Newsweek has learned that one of the Bureau, the Bureau, the mean the FBI, one of their informants, said they close relationship with two of the hijackers by a Michael Ezekoff in his wage newsweek. At first, FBI director Bob Muller and sister, there was nothing the Bureau could have done to penetrate the 911 plot. That account has been modified over time, and now may change again. Newsweek has learned that one of the Bureau's informants had a close relationship with two of the hijackers. He was there, Rumi. Oh, The connection just discovered by congressional investigators has stunned some top-cutter terrorism officials and raised new concerns about the information sharing among U.S. law enforcement and intelligence agencies. The two hijackers, Khalid Al-Mindar and now off Al-Hazmi, were hardly unknown to the intelligence community. The CIA was first alerted to them in January of 2000 when the two Saudi National showed up at a kind of summit in Kuala, Lumpur, Malaysia. FBI officials have argued internally for months that if the CIA had more quickly passed along everything in New About the Two Men, the Bureau could have hunted them down more aggressively. But both agencies can share in the blame. Upon leaving Malaysia, Al-Midar and Al-Hazmi went to San Diego where they took flight school lessons. In September 2000, the two moved into the home of a Muslim man who would be friend of them at a local Islamic center the landlord regularly prayed with them and even helped one open a bank account. He was also sources tell newsweek a test that undercover asset who had been working closely with the FBI office in San Diego on terrorism cases related to Hamas. A senior law enforcement official told newsweek the informant never provided a bureau of the names of his two house guests from Saudi Arabia. Nor does the FBI have any reason to believe the informant was concealing their identities. He could not be reached of course for combat. He's hiding under his blanket. What's that thing that they, what would you call it? I'm magic carpet. But the FBI contains that the San Diego case agent appears to have been at least aware that Saudi visitors were renting rooms in the informant's house on one occasion a source says the case agent called up the informant was totally couldn't talk because Coli, they referenced the arm in our was in the room. I see Smith, a former top FBI counterintelligence official says the case agent should have been keeping closer to tabs on who was informant was gratinizing with if only to seek out the house guest as possible informants, they should have been asking who are these guys what are they doing here. This strikes me as a lack of investigative curiosity about six weeks after moving into the house Ahmed R left town explained that the landlord was not going to be back to Saudi Arabia to see his daughter. Al-Hazmi moved out of the end of 2000. In the meantime, the CIA was gathering more information about just how potentially dangerous both men were. A few months after the October 2000 bombing of the USS Cole and Yemen, CIA analyst discovered in their Malaysia file that one of the chief suspects in the Cole attack, Tafiq bin Atash was present at the summit in heaven photographed with Al-Midhar and Ha al-Hazmi. But it wasn't until August 23rd 2001 the CIA sent out an urgent cable to US border and law enforcement agencies identifying the two men as possible terrorists. By then it was too late. The bureau didn't realize this San Diego connection until a few days after 911 when the informant heard the names of the Pentagon hijackers and called his case agent. I know those guys the informant reportedly said referring to Al-Midhar and Al-Hazmi, they were my roommates. But the related discovery has unsettled some members of the Joint Housing and Central and Cimmides investigation that I'm loving attacks. The panel is tentatively to begin public hearings in the early September 18th, racing to the within of the or deadline. But some members are now worried that they won't be able to do anything to the bottom of what really happened by then. Support for legislation creating a special blue weapon investigative panel similar to the probes conducted after Pearl Harbor and the Kennedy assassinations increasing. Only then, some members say, will the public learn whether more 911 secrets are buried in the government files. What do you think you think there are more? Yeah, yeah. But the first lady says, and maybe she might have a point here, you know it. I'll see I have other choices. I may watch screen TV. Okay. Well, what's wrong with that? Nothing. I wish I had. Cream TV. It's all screaming. There's going to be a lot of other people's screaming on 911. Let's hope only for a memory sake. I don't think anything's going to happen. No. First lady Laura Bush is asking parents to turn the TV off when they said, tempered. Other than instead read to their children, and perhaps light a memorial candle. You know what the Christopher's used to say? If everybody would just like one little candle, we'd probably have a lot of house fires. Don't let your children see the images, especially on 911 when you know it will probably be on television again. Again, the plain hitting the building or the building is a funny thing. If you're going to have a lot of fun, you can call me Mrs. Bursin and if you're Friday with you. A Spanish language TV network. We're playing K. Posse USA. I don't know. And what you call it from Saturday? Don't tell me. Savito gigante. If they would show reruns of Savito gigante, you can't have it to begin a gigantic tune in audience. I don't remember his name. Is he dead? No. Going strong. I don't know his name. We can have dead. Or a little bit. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Come on. Some of it. One of those guys died. And by the way, he's one of yours. What is this? God bless our jury system. This is from what is that? Full tape confessions in the jury can work in Victor on a lesser charge. And this, to the arson count in January 2003. I began to travel against 11 city maiming police officers charged with a purgerian obstructed justice and connection with various police involved shootings. And they're among other things, playing guns at several crams scenes after coming on our individuals and lied to law enforcement officials investigating the shootings. God help our community if the jury we see in that case is of the same mentality as those jurors who couldn't see the force of the trees and refusing to be of credence to take confessions and other evidence of guilt. One more matter, Ron. Evan, several cases you've read in an opinion of some of the best hockey play by play guys over the years. As the NATO of St. Louis, I grew up to listening to one of the best Dan Kelly by all means he should be included in the list of the great announcers. Absolutely correct. Last but not least, I do not listen to this show when George is the hostie sucks. This is Alan. And you better not mess around because he's with the Department of Justice. Did you see that? I saw it. He said you suck, man. See, but I know that a big mouth shall have your anti-ported no time before you can say Rick Van Winkle and Don Francesco through your four times. Hey, just, you know, who's one of my people? Don Francesco. Oh, he Jewish? Yes, he is. Does he know Dave Johnson? Or more, Cheswick? Twelve minutes after 10 at 5. 60, WQAM. Hey, let me tell you about Todd Dreck. Man, he is a major, major asshole. And you heard us talk about becoming a high paid computer professional on the show for a long time because Todd just don't want to give us any copy. Because he refuses to do his job. Because he's a pus. He's a loser. He's a loser. He's about a two foot tall loser who comes up to George's kneecap. I'd like to step on him. You heard us talk about the big number of jobs that are waiting out there for you in the computer. Feel while a question is, of course, I'm sure you're scratching your head like Greg and wondering, how do you find a good school that'll help your coppish all of these things? Well, there's only one school that's got four convenient locations all over Dave and Broward. And of course, the new one in Kendall included. There's one school that's got certified Microsoft instructors, convenient day evening and weekend classes. There's one school that's got full time job placement staff with over 30 years experience. And with a school to complete your programming, get certified in just four quick short months. And we're talking hands on training folks. And that school, of course, you got to know it by now unless you're some kind of a retard. It's fast train. Speaking of retires, I was Todd Dreck to it. Man, he makes me want a puke. So anyway, get off your butt pick up the phone call fast train tool free. Tell metal Todd to her to call him the left-air ass off because they'll know that that's not true. One, eight, six, six, fast train. And within just four short months, you can be starting making some serious cash with a great new job in a computer industry. One, eight, six, six, fast train. And be sure and tell that old meal to her to call and not all what's his name. My life and local. This is four trail five, six, six, six, six. You wait for me. You wait for me. You wait for me. You air in shit like this. I had to buy a paddle back. I'm making a poop that was. I wish I had one on a dime. Don't do much good standing, too. Those raghead down the desert way. So greedy, shall they call? I could be with this boy a dime. And now we're getting robbed. So daddy's at the crisis. Whoa, they came right. Whoa, they came right. Here's the biggest try to go. Whoa, they came right. Whoa, they came right. Wait, they'll eat for a little terrible. We could stop this property, too. I'll buy a ruckus and buy a car. And we'll go cowl and the way. How do we get a try to go? Fog to pay, ruck. Fog to pay, ruck. Fog to pay, ruck. Fog to pay, ruck. Fog to pay, ruck. Homorized jug is in Jordan, and the Kuwait where they still need a fight for us, and we're going into their emancipated country from Masada. Can you name me a moderate Arab country? Nope. I like the thing. Lifewood Ricard recovers an icW after surgery. You know by Gordon Lifewood? No, I did not. He's Canadian, A Lei! And he's in the hospital. But he'll be okay. Canadian folk, rock legend, Gordon Lifewood After undergoing emergency stomach surgery yesterday, Mr. Lifewood 63 is in stable condition of the McMaster University Medical Center after being airlifted to the Hamilton Ontario Hospital early yesterday morning. You know where Hamilton is? Nope. Right down the road, I can almost see it. By the way, beautiful there again. I see, I didn't discuss the weather there with you, so it's not like I'm rubbing it in again. Okay. How's the weather there? Hey, he was rushed there for surgery after he arrived in the Orrida hospital with abdominal pains. He was to perform in his hometown, North of Toronto on Saturday night, part of a tour that was to bring him to the Stratford, Ontario, on Rootese, and Canada. Rick Hayes, vases in Mr. Lifewoods, fan and longtime friend, City was airlifted to Hamilton because of the expertise of Dr. Michael Maratio declined to elaborate. Dr. Maratio, a general surgeon, specializes in liver and pancreatic complication. Oh, Mr. Hayes in Mr. Lifewood, Texas, size regime will help him as recovery. He works out four days a week and runs 10 miles a week. Dr. Todas said, is excellent physical condition will help. We hope will be a speedy recovery. The family really appreciates everybody's concern. They said this morning on the news here that he's going to be doing his American tour on schedule. I feel better now. Well, don't you feel, yeah, you want to miss out Gordon Lightwood, do you? If you could read my mind, record the Edmunds. If you could read my mind, and early morning rain, and of course, the Great Canadian Railroad Trology. You better watch yourself, Mr. First, you pissed off the guy with a business to barbe an now you're picking on Gordon Lightwood. Just because you may have like a little week liver or something. Anyway, there's an article in the, what is this in? Oh, the Toronto Star. Yesterday's issue. Written by Linda Hearst, feature writer for the Toronto Star. And of course, a lot of you folks out there, the America Firsters, the Blind Flagwabbers, the Bushy, or Lickers, you're going to be saying, oh my God, that's anti-American and anti-American media. Well, you know, something gets right on target. And I'm going to read it. Kind of long. Is that okay? That's okay. By the way, let's take a look at the poll, though, first, and see how they're beating you up. And believe you know who it is on there, the one that's, you know, who it is? What, that state attorney guy? No, no, that lunatic. They're coming in and chunks of 10. They're coming in and chunks? Oh, man. 178 votes at our poll. How did George do filling in for Neil this summer? I don't listen when George is on 73, 41%. Well, I think that's about right, though. And usually, he's about that. It's been better than that. Well, this is just a preliminary number. Okay, don't get all bent out of shape and defensive. The guy with the justice to permitting hate you life poison. In fact, he may come and round up your guy, David Ligla, early in the ass pretty soon. Sure, I'll go by the way. I, uh, I don't listen when George is on 73. Excellent job better than ever, 45. That was my vote. I thought George did a pretty day and you know something if he wouldn't have been taken those stupid calls, it would have been outstanding. Not just excellent. It would have been outfing standing. Less and less of the years go by trust me. Get rid of them, callers, man. The caller is blown. They myself off of them. They suck. Anyway, excellent job, 45. Good 31. Okay, 17. Okay. Week nine and fair and I was up to three. So that's that's not bad. Considering you're at one guy with about 40 negative votes. Which you know which one which guy is. Yeah. From time to time to pushy cat America's press defang is the headline and the story yesterday's Toronto star. Series journalist who sought a broader perspective or handicapped by Americans' patriotism. Government interference, media self-sensorship and jinglestick bias. This, uh, this will have to be a two-part or at least. Okay, just stand just calm down. Linda Hurst, right? No one could have predicted the win where and how the terrorist attacks on the United States last September. But those in the know were where that the risk, however, nebulous was real. If nothing else, the bombing of the very same world trades at a 1993 told them that. In Americans were profoundly unprepared for another and more lethal strike on their own home turf. Nobody had warned them. Nobody explained who was likely to launch it much less why. Where was the press? Like the rest of America, we were fat, happy, and arrogant as how Mike Wallace, these celebrated coast of 60 minutes, glumly put up this bring when asked by the media. His own much-loaded program included had failed to track the situation in lead to 9-11. Arabic streamers didn't zoom some god for a second country, raving on about loathing America. That's what it would have looked like. And any US journalist pushing that story didn't set a chance in the 1990s against the hypnotic enticements of OJ Simpson, John Bonay, Ramsay, and Monica Lewinsky. Those were the stories that brought in the viewers, the readers, more to the point, the Ed Revenu, when each peed her out of the public reached a satiation point, another would step forward like Gary Condon, who was willing to take its place. CNN may have started the drift to tabloid news, but by the end of the 1990s, the major networks in mainstream press were equally albeit reluctantly caught up in it. For the first time news divisions had become highly competitive profit centers that were expected to make money. Sounds like something out of network, doesn't it? Yes. Many journalists applaud the trend of the insularbore, were sure that the public didn't want complicated dispatches from complicated places that they'd have trouble finding on a map. There were studies to prove it, so it, or, or, or, and coverage was expensive and time consuming, leave the serious stuff the New York Times. And why not, with the fall of communism in the end of the evil empire, America no longer felt threatened by anyone in anywhere in the face of the earth. It could be and was a world unto itself, and it found itself fascinating. Wallace made his mere copper-remarket one of a series of panels put on this year by Harvard University, and the Brookings Institute of Washington, Think Tank, to examine the role of the media before and after 911. What lessons of any could be learned? In the lead up to the first anniversary, a lot of Americans you're in list are considering the same issue. Whether the press will revert to the way it was before is the question, says Anthony Collins, a former CNN and Newsweek Foreign correspondent, now teaching communications at the University of Michigan. Our general sense is that the media slightly more serious than before, but serious won't be a continuous state that will go up and down. The attacks were undoubtedly a wake-up call for the press as Roy Peter Clark, a senior scholar, at the Point of Institute for Media Studies in St. Petersburg, but some of them have gone back to sleep. At the first, the forms last October, a whos who of American journalism from Broadcasters, Ted Koppel and Peter Aronette to veteran newsman Daniel Schur, have led into the profession condemning that worse a newspaper for curtailing international coverage, closing bureaus at the end of the Cold War because of the cost, and the alleged the much debated lack of interest from readers and viewers. Information, though not always palatable, is essential in democracy. They argued, the media should give people what they need, not just what they want. If there had been more of a sense of duty, said Schurter main, I'll courant what's happening in the world, what was happening in Afghanistan, not today, but five years ago, what was happening in Pakistan, not today, but five years ago, had we followed these changes as they were happening gradually. I don't think we'd be in the fix we are today trying to understand at all. But it's not likely that the change has even has the existential advisor and Brookings senior fellow who co-hosted the forums. Every organization running its own bureau is a red hearing he content because all have access to foreign material on the wires. They choose not to run it, he says, flatly. Aside from the major organizations in the New York Times as the Cold Standard and my view, they've gone back to their bad habits, news you can use, it's very sad. No one disputes that the US media sobered up fast in the shock of 911. TV and newspapers scrambled to cover the event on multiple fronts from the sacrifice of the dead that there were some of the doom rescuers from tracking how the attacks were carried out to out-to-out Washington, planned to exact venture, extract vengeance, with unprecedented space and resources that were more in-depth reporting than it had been seen in years, say observers. But a little of it looked at how the rest of the world of even coalition allies were reacting or made more than a tentative for-range of the unfathomable question of why do they hate us? Why have to do the break now, y'all, yes? To be continued, what? Okay, well I had to, we got a break man, we got to get this business on here, we don't want to get PD Lenny upset and by the way, PD, those promo's quit trying to make a spot out of them, okay? You're not fooling me. I've been around a block a few times. 1026 at 560 WQM, we'll have continued that in a second. I just picked up the next story and said the piece of copy. That goes to show you the kind of frame of mind I'm in today, then let's... Psychotic. Hey, if you love your home, but you need more space here's what you do about it. Do what hundreds of other smart people are doing, call strictly additions. Whether you're having a baby in any other room, if you're converting a carport or patio into living space, if you go into the business for yourself and want to make a home office, just call our good friends at strictly additions. There are your one-stop shop, more space for your place place, with an absolutely worry-free approach to expanding your living space. Those no-shows by the contractors ain't gonna happen. In complete work, no way Jose. No unexpected bills, no worries about the job marketing done right, and they take care of every single detail. They draw up your blueprint. They get the building permits handle all the inspections. Strictly additions has an easy five-step approach to total customer satisfaction. Number one, call the schedule a free project evaluation appointment at your home, where a project estimator will determine the scope of your addition. Number two, dose, tweet. Schedule a bit of employment and there can be a new short, where you get a detailed proposal and exact price for your work. Number three, trace. Select your finishing touches, go to contract. Quot rows, review the design architectural drawings and chink ways, sit back and relax, as your dream edition moves ahead on schedule with unbeatable quality. That's easy, isn't it? Gets. You have strictly additions, call it 9-5-4-7-9-181-800. That's 9-5-4-7-9-18100. Look for the right in the yellow pages. They are licensed, they're insured professionals, who do they do penisly super job for you. Call 9-5-4-7-9-181-800-4 strictly additions, tell that old Neil and the anxious PD-Lenny told you to call. My life and love all this is 4-205-50. You will be too late. Prite, thanks. She's only got one eye. Hand Golf, Durhea, is a bloody girl's blood. Party girls are a blood. Hardy girls are . ...of our brother's place. That's the good, okay? Well, that's it! Jimmy bro! Hello, we're the sponsor of the Girl Who Wants to be a media home and prefers it on top Quiddles. You want more? All the ladies? Here's what I'll give you. She's got a book to read about Slandering. Nobody knows more about Slandering. Out with a big suit, smells and it wants to the left of Mayn't Deluxe. Such a good Christian girl. You are the strangest of the fontific and who she's hating. Political fontific, gay, trough, ensemble, and masturbating. Other public and stanky, no. She's a federalist and more. Making liberal and dirty words, you know. In a mini-shirt show in Cameldo. And Slandering knows what they can be in a mini skirt that smells fishy. She's a tall drink of water on the sidewalk or with a back alley look. Give you like a draw of dollars. She's got some hot and chill spreads on her face with a zipper in and a shark's leg. And Slandering goes her political front and the angel of the night. And she's a gay. That's f***ing bitch. She went away. You see at the end of this fact that I'm going to interject the middle of this article here. It says, did you hear that Angkolder got fired? No, we did not. That looked for the article. Huh? Fire from what? Because you had that other article that she was fired her column was discontinued in that one. No, but that can't be what they're talking about. That was just one paper that dropped her column. Anyway, we'll see. But the rise to this facts, I'm going to interrupt that article because this is so while you worthwhile and timely. Anybody paying attention? No. There was a word about this. You're a kind of coming back. And how about those American idol, too? Bush and British Prime Minister Tony Blair talking before it was before opening about three hours of toxic camp David. Bush's presidential retreat in Maryland. Blair said that they knew really really satellite photo over rack identifying new constructions several sites linked in the past to Baghdad's development of nuclear weapons. And both leaders mentioned on 1998 report by the UN affiliated international atomic energy agency, the IAEA, that said, Sodom could be six months away from developing nuclear weapons. I don't know what more evidence we need. I said, as he greeted Blair for a brainstorming session on Iraq, we owe it to future generation to deal with this problem. Brainstorming. I wonder who they are loaned the George. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. And a joint appearance before the summit, the two leaders repeated their shared view that Sodom souther was the only way to stop Iraq's pursuit and potential use of chemical biological and nuclear weapons. The policy of inaction is not a policy, but can be responsibly subscribed to Blair said. As the joint motion tried to rally reluctant allies to deal with Sodom perhaps by military force, as Bush was hiding the 45 naked pictures of Tony Blair with a queen. Contrary to Bush's claim, however that the 1998 IAEA report did not say that Iraq was six months away from developing nuclear capability and B.C. news's Robert Windrum reported Saturday. Instead, Windrum reported the Vienna Austria-based agency said in 1998 that Iraq had been six to twenty four months away from such capability before the 1991 Persian Gulf war, and he went monitored weapons and inspections that followed. The war and the inspections destroyed much of Iraq's nuclear infrastructure and required Iraq to turn over its highly enriched uranium and plutonium when re-reported. In a summary of its 1998 report, the IAEA said that based on all credible information available today, they have found no indication of Iraq having achieved its goal or producing nuclear weapons, or Iraq having retained a physical capability for the production of weapon-usable nuclear material or having clandestinely obtained such material. A senior White House official at Nalance Saturday night that the 1998 report did not say what Bush claimed. What happened was we formed our own conclusions based on the report, the official told NBC News is Nuro Donald. Meanwhile, Mark Grodowski, who was a decade. How do you spell it? Was a spokesman for the U.S. Agency disputed Bush's and Blair's assessment of the satellite photograph, which is first publicized Friday, contrary to news service reports that there was no specific photo or a building that allowed suspicions he told Windrum. The photograph in question was not UN intelligence imaging, but simply a picture from a commercial satellite imaging company, Guadzaki said. He said that IAEA reviewed commercial satellite imagery regularly and that from time to time it noticed construction and sightseeing at the previous exam and Guadzaki said the new construction indicated that the photograph was no surprise and that no conclusions were drawn from it. There was not a single building we see he said. How do you like that? So like I told you, they've decided months and months ago that they're going to pursue this and of course now they're rattling all the sabers just before election time, cuigesta coincidences of course. So it's not a question of if it's a question of when. Anyway, getting back to the article in Toronto Star by Linda Hearst. In the first few days, the media performed a herkily intense and didn't an ethical job since Vince Carlin, the American born former head of CBC News world now chair of Ryerson University during Lysm School. But they didn't follow through, he says, but in weeks any attempts to analyze the multilayered back throughout the attacks in effect the other side of the story were subsumed by the demands of President George W. Bush's with us or against this war on terrorism. Evil is evil says Carlin when something is demonized is no need to analyze it. In that Bush reflects a fairly broad spectrum of the population. Only recently he says a major organization, the New York Times especially, started to run hard-nosed analyses of U.S. foreign policy and only after their columns to done it first. But in general Americans were not noted for the interest in the rest of the world before 9.11 and they're not interested after. There are all sorts of places in the world they should be looking at, but they're not. How then are the media rated for what they have been covering? Commentators on both sides of the border say serious journalists who saw the less myopic perspective on the war were handicapped from the start by the emergence of patriotism of the picture that's never entirely been exiled. The constraints started quickly. Last October when national security advisor kind of leaves a rise, called the West Networks, asking them not to run certain types of teeth evil to the world some have been ladden because they were full of propaganda and possibly coded messages they readily agreed. However, the same request by 10 Downing Street in Britain was met with a flat refusal, government interference will be resisted to the BBC. In Canada no calls were made by Ottawa and TV news executives exercise their own judgment on running unated footage. At the same time when the White House tried to prevent voice of American radio from airing an interview with Taliban leader Mohammed Omar, the staff threatened mass resignation. They ran an edited version and the government spokesperson ominously responded that the defiance would be looked into. When director Marner Whitworth was replaced, he left a memo warning reporters not to fall under the spell of self censorship continued to interview anyone anywhere she said. In November CNN initiated a rule that any reporter doing a negative story on the war, the bombing of civilians say or if a red cross installation must balance it with the reminder that terrorists had killed 3,000 Americans. CNN chairman Walter Isaacson said it seems perverse to focus too much on the casualties or hardships in Afghanistan, and said the real reason was pressure from viewers. Either way, North former employee colleagues, the Pentagon must surely have been pleased to learn that whenever its planes killed the wrong Afghans, CNN would quickly provide PR damage control. More recently a senior intelligence officer with the State Department accused the media of treason because warnings stories have been run on vulnerable future terrorist targets, chemical plants, the trucking industry and the food supply. This type of reporting must be stopped or censored he wrote in the Washington Post as several columnists pointed out warnings work both ways if anyone had written about the possibility of terrorist taking flying lessons that alone might have put a wrench in the 911. While the public may be unaware of it, there's been less access to information in this war than all others before, say American journalists, as couple noted earlier on government officials now choose to sit down for the soft labs of CNN's Larry King, rather than face harder interrogation for maybe sees nightline or any place else. Yeah, labs from Larry King or Tim Rusher on eat the press like yesterday again with his neighbor and post personal friend Dick Cheney, another embarrassment another freaking disgrace and don't forget about that meeting between La Hammon Akta and at the maybe let's go from Iraq. I won't forget. Okay, good. Okay, let me do another break. But it's going to be a three-partner, you know. But that's okay, it's almost over. 2021 votes on our survey today, how did George do filling in for Neil this summer? I don't listen when George is on 82 now the 37.1% see you're gaining. Well, now that you mentioned it. Excellent job better than ever 60, 27.1% good, 37, 16 points, uh, something, seven. Okay, 23, 10.4%. Okay, week 14 and fair five. See fair needs to be on there for five. Five people in the outlet. Hey, here's an outlet for if you're fat and that's the likes of us. Boca, you were official. Lackens diet and retail center and don't forget if you want to save so many this is the place because all that kids brand products are 25% off every day of your life. Not just once in a great while, but every day. The likes carries the complete line of that kids die products as well as over 500. The delicious low carbon sugar free foods as report and recently in the New York Times on CNN, state line and BC, CBS news, news week, time, US news and were report. The atkins that continues to be one of today's most popular and successful diets low carb dieting is finally gotten the respected deserves and delights of us Boca has been you're leader in the low carb sugar free diet field for years. Over 100,000 of their customers will testify there is no better store. There is no competition. Delights will not be under sold. And when you go in it, you can sample anything you want before you buy it. You've got to love that. Delights currently in knowledgeable staff will walk you right through the store, point you in the right direction and share you one as you lose those pounds as they come flying off. Don't forget there's only one delights of us Boca, they're open seven days a week till 10 and you can find them on the northeast corner of blades in 441 in Boca, call 1-877 low carb or check the web if you like it low carb.com. Don't forget that's the likes of West Boca. Your official atkins diet retail 7. My local base is 560. The radio is all yours. You way in. How are they dating? What's the graphic plate on the whole? That's how long. Oh God, the kids don't know what's good. Like that song, I'm happy I live in a split level head. Do you remember that? Uh-huh. How can you listen? I'm happy I live in a split level head. I'm happy I live in a split level head. Do you remember that? No. Why am I surrounded by morons? Come on, how are we? Don't you call me how are you? Why are nothing so important it should be you? Oh, you're so special. Okay, that's it. You're all fired. You're fast to with the open. What's the name? You're fired. Calcy that goes for you too. Oh, I am. I'm the king of power and ice. Ha ha ha ha ha. I came down here after losing my charm. To be a big fish. You know little punk. When they kicked me your BSB and they told me don't come back again. I had some problems with wise guys who would buy time with two thousand dice. Oh, yeah. Fire. That's back feeling all the way down. I came up. You're a fire. I hope you die. I hope you all die. I'm a big fish in a little punk. See you. I think fish in a little punk. I'm a big fan of a little punk. I'm a big fan of a little punk. Yeah. I want to tell you what you're doing this. 1046 and just like to leave that echo with the end there. That's nice. It reverbs. The crazy world of mode. Chesward. 1046 and 560 WC. So anyway, Linda first writes in the Toronto star and this is at the end of the article. Collings whose recent book words of fire deals with press independence globally. Says the end result has been covered that is right with a cramped and jinglewistic bias. Canadian journalist and educator Peter Des Varat says the media has had a real opportunity to do what journalism is supposed to do, provide comprehensive coverage and has been taken advantage of. Report is continued to stay off hot button topics, just as such as the fate of prisoners in Guantanamo Bay or the rights violations of hundreds of detained Muslims many of the US citizens. They've been very quiet about that. He says they find it difficult because it wouldn't be welcomed by the public. Just like my shows here last Wednesday through Friday, which I'm sure pissed off a lot of people that don't want to hear the truth. Has that, I won't buy the way if I can interrupt again. Yes, 930 last night there was a report on CNN by one of the reporters that was had written down the name of the guy and it echoed all the the whole litany of things that the Cheryl seal had in that first piece that I read last Wednesday. The whole timeline of those events. Nevertheless, has that Brookings has surprised anyone would even ask about the public simple one summary. There's no question there's been public pressure on the press. He says Americans were feeling threatened and protective and they made their voices heard loud and clear. They expect the news to reflect their own point of view. Indeed, American conservatives who have long viewed the media as real-world liberal bias have pounced on any reports that stray from official White House line after flag vanners were dropped from the screen during newscats and local anchors and movie stars and stripes of a lepelphins they'd sprouted on 911 viewers were quick to ask about their allegiance. Carlons' ABC news anchor Peter Jennings Canadian and born and therefore suspect in many American minds tried to bring a more sophisticated approach to the broadcast but his producers were warned off and went back to cheerleading. Not all American settle for information confided with US point of view, many were watching CBS news says Carlons to get a broader spectrum of opinion. Canadians are more outward looking they want information in the CBS made of value and effort to give the other side of the story. In the first three months after 911 36 US public television stations added BBC world news to their lineups. The jingle was him finally got to long time CBS news anchor Dan Rather who had supported a flag pin in the media and aftermath and it knew if he would London and Julie said patriotism run a muck was now trampling press freedom in the US. The fear of being accused of lacking patriotism keeps journalists from asking the toughest of tough questions he didn't exempt himself. One finds oneself saying I know the right question but this is not exactly the right time to ask it but if not now as America's war on terrorism hovers on the brink of extending into Iraq then when as Linda her article in the Toronto story is today. I'm not so sure about this guy. What do you think a scout reader do you think he's off the wall? No I don't. I think if anybody ought to know it's somebody who's actually been there. Then I like to point out that we don't see him anymore Richard or his name the you went and Richard Butler right well pool ah well pool ah we saw him on nauseam day after day right after 911 on CNN but I guess his price went up for something but he also agrees he was the chief inspector right and he's been he said it right then he said that they have no more they inspected they got no more any of this. Iraq is incapable of producing weapons of mass destruction and should prove it by allowing a new and weapons inspectors and American who was once on the inspections team stadiums today with his comments during a visit to Baghdad Scott Ritter who's been a sharp critic of US policy on Iraq to end a long list of officials from European and their ablations who've urged Iraq to accept inspectors to defuse the crisis with the US Iraqi co-operation on inspections would leave the US standing alone in regard to war threats on Iraq and this is the best way to prevent the war reader said he was on with pool ah this morning on CNN. Bush administration officials yesterday who essentially came out and has had said that son who's saying has been trying to obtain materials to build nuclear weapons particularly trying to buy thousands of aluminum pipes that could be used in the manufacture of centrifuges and also we use to manufacture weapons what do you make about one absurd statement thousands of aluminum pipes and we're going to go to war over thousands of aluminum pipes. Even the I have reported you say says that if Iraq was to have trying to do uranium or rich were to take them many years before they could do it this is totally ridiculous these are aluminum pipes coming in for civilian use they are not being transferred to a covert nuclear processing plant or any covert nuclear activity whatsoever but the best way to figure this out is to send the weapons inspectors in. If they if they United States houses evidence of Iraq has these types why not give me the data I'll come to Iraq hunt it down and we'll bring you to a close that would still have us go into war 10,000 people with destroying our reputation the international community we cannot go to war because vice president Shinny worried about some aluminum pipes this is ridiculous. Ritter reformer US Marine intelligence officer spoke to members of parliament and the journalist on his third trip to Iraq since he was gone from the went inspection team in 1998 as in the past his trip was organized by the Iraqi government the rest of his kids was not yet public you don't find that little bit suspect sure but still maybe he's going with the Peter our net maybe they're going out together. Iraq while the nine gets banned weapons is offered only to continue dialogue with the went about the return of inspectors member the you went that paper tiger it is not responded the one secretary generals co-fiannans of demand that inspectors be allowed to return unconditionally is the first step to further talks don't you love the way the you went makes demands yeah you either do this or we'll draft a resolution how do you like that we'll put it on our website so that everybody can and then we'll tell the rest of the world that you're ignoring it like everybody else you're yours all of our resolutions like Israel and everybody else paper tiger baby and of course we put the bill for most of it like usual because we're suckers and we we got to write there in the earth is if the earth doesn't have enough problems in targets already there's the you went sitting right there and god damn man hadn't right right most expensive jerk off in the world yeah you went you went said this and you went said what the what the what how are they doing in fact how come we don't have you and peacekeeping i'm not talking about a handful gigantic numbers of troops in Afghanistan now you follow what i'm saying because if we do go into Iraq and we eliminate this combat which is dubious advice we couldn't get them last time when we do go in the flash him out and we take all you know over bag that in five days of water what do we do then so this is the problem that most people in the country just all wrapped up in a jingler was the bullcraft that i was just reading about nobody wants to come to grips with those articles about the Taliban and how we embraced him and we love them and we financed them first it with the mood you're hiding and then they were the Taliban and then they were all the same scumbags we later we filed after 9 11 but on 9 10 we loved them and in May of the same year we had it over forty three million dollars and you can believe it was because they stopped the poppy growth or because of the Afghan oil pipeline but whatever you want to believe but it's a fact we gave it to them and then all of a sudden oh they're repressing women and a men all have to wear a beard a certain length in their barbarians yeah and the same with the sottaman articles are by last week and we helped them develop all of that chemical and the biological capability helped them at his organs those worst evil doors in Iran see we do this all the time we put in one corrupt leader and then when they he turns on us like when he invaded Kuwait then all of a sudden we got to risk thousands and thousands of American lives to try to undo the evil doors most of the evil doors around the world are there because we put them there oh you can't say that sorry good thing we're not fine away now cadopi closing in on new capabilities as you're wrong well i tell you one thing or you sure gonna have a good time for the years to come because there is no end of those evil doors so good thing that uh uh what's his name rum spell didn't get his way on nine ten last year that we you know had some time to think about it for for star wars than nine hundred million that he wanted yeah or but you know whatever it was you know small potatoes what's a few billion among friends libbie is kernel mollmark a doffy has been secretly developing nuclear weapons capability and my may acquire before you rack is really Prime Minister Ariel Sharon all the charges favored people the squads and mine too this lesson heartwarming news interviews before last week's rush your show holiday weekend but again it is we'll maybe the best prepared country the world against the danger of a chemical or biological offensive this was his message to his relatives who already are discussing on the daily basis the possibility that saw to me launch warheads containing smallpox or ranthracted them as a last resort once the bush administration moved to the throne him but the threat of libbie is not well known in part because cadopies tried hard to clean up his act after being forced by u.s. blood sanctions to indirectly and admit complicitly in the locker be airliner sabotage the dictator and triplet denounced terrorism he tried to hire a washing in lords to get a little be removed from the u.s. list of terrorist policy made on nations in early succeeded since the state department reanaclit administration conveyed discrete messages to then Israeli Prime Minister a who would barax government that cadopi had endorsed the answer error for its peace process cadopi tried so hard to convince the world that he had stepped away from the access of evil ten years ago a Libyan chemical weapons plant operating with the legal help of German firms and scientists was shown blazing in flames and intelligence reported it came over the cadopi removed the weapons and equipment before staging the fire operating with the illegal help of German firms and scientists but in the last month western intelligence agencies gained a tale of cadopi's latest adventure his bid to join the nuclear club at first intelligence a less suspected that Egypt was helping him in this project but now it is certain that a Iraqi scientist engineers in welfares protection last 25 years under cadopi are leading the underground Libyan effort. Sharon said a secret weapons effort is taking place in Iraq and a similar process is going on in Libya which probably will turn out to be the first Arab state with weapons of mass destruction other countries are helping cadopi but the extent of the assistance is not clear Sharon said it may be that there is assistance from Pakistan as Iran had and if their weapons development that promised to warn but for sure there is assistance from North Korea all the evil there were baby they're doing it so what do we attack first let's just start on the edge of the Mediterranean I say cadopi I don't like his heavier at all you know and that neighborhood jacket he wears that somebody should tell him it's out of style 9 a 10 56 at 560 WQA is a good chance your carpet they're schmotsy after a summer time of your kids running all around and your personal kind of crap time to get back to normal again okay the summer's over and your carpets like I said need a real good cleaning how do you do it you call up the best in the universe and drive concepts the people to do my home I'm mother's home anybody with a brain's home because there's nobody in the world as a better job at a fair price and don't forget to think that separates these people from the rest aside from the fact that your carpets look just like brand new when they get done is the fact that they don't play games with their customers no scams no tack on at the end no per room song and a dance they give you a written guaranteed price before they start to job your carpets dry in a couple hours after they finished most so carpets that are like a mush for days and you're ready to rock and roll the same after in the evening so pick up the phone and call them today and don't forget dry concepts also beside making your carpets look just like brand new do I still penistober feeling your furniture your drapery they do spot dye and fiber repairs carpet repairs in time array and a rug service second and none the authorization and if you have a flood in the house complete water damage restoration to they are miracle workers at dry concepts in bride call 954 370778 95437778 in date or palm beaches a toll free call 1 800 2 4 8507 1 1 800 2 4 8507 1 clean today and retained a night with dry concepts Oh God Oh, that has rosy, please go away Find a new way to attack the buffet go home And eat your whole holes Until you explode Just like your fat fat churrent ladies After you bite your feet on a plane Spend it in your fingers that have yellow stain from sea jones And the two are two After piggy poo knows How to be fat discurse thing and tasty oys You make this other between this smile They like a gauze spread of bad things Think smelly fat so repulsive and bad Your body cheese smells like a cracker After it was occupied by head As my needle she'll want to get into your car But she's too bad and wild On can squeal, on can squeal On can squeal fat ladies It's been with your lover let me Flavor in the tort and the trees between the meat Let's continue to heat Sposed me she too need That is the best you've ever had at Boys Dance Hey, steaming fair It's 11.02 at 5.60 QM 260 votes at our pool How did George do filling in for Neil this summer? I don't listen what George is on 95 36.5% see it's kind of like leveling off now Just wait Excellent job better than ever 73 Good 42. Okay 26. Week 17 and fair is up to 7 Oh, that's here for fair I mean not that that's you know the right vote But at least it's got a few vote whatever I'll tell you what it is a pigeon out of my balcony I mean if it's good enough for 10 Williams walk and I do it Let's see here's the facts is everybody seems to be missing the real reason the shrub needs to invade a rack and install a public regime as he did with Afghanistan The trade sanctions against your rack from the Gulf War will expire at the end of November This means you're rack with a third largest oil reserve in the world will be able to dump their oil on the world market again A much lower price than Saudi world which will cut into poppy's oil came back from the Saudi oh geez Rosie sex change. Okay. Let's get back to fat Rosie showing this is in this week's globe You better go out and get the globe because they got a picture of here in a man Well, it's not a real picture Created with little photo magic it says they got her head on I asked big fat body with him like a man's pinstriped suit on and a tie a polka dot tie. It's lovely Rosie sex change Shocker is the headline Emotionally she now sees herself as a man and wow, does she look the part says the globe Hey man, just look at Rosie friends believe that her shocking new book look amongst the decision to change her sex say sources and everything but the physical sense the ex talk show host Actually switch gender and she's happy or nothing she's ever been in her life. I thought we just got your beaten last week about the her a girl her a boyfriend What ever that thing your her um lady gal pal was to get entirely of her into dump her right didn't we know well All depends of which tabloid crap you want to believe the former queen of nice assembly changes in a way tough looking in your phase leader prime to take on anyone who stands in her way I'd like to see her go three rounds with Janet Oh, by the way tomorrow's the election bill McBride The wouldn't you say bill McBride and if I don't know on 242 and bill McBride for governor yes, it's a shattering change from how Rosie presented herself at the Emmy Awards a few years ago She's a pal back then she looked like a high school prom queen now she's looking like a young Jackie Gleason. It's amazing Rosie 40 has a managed haircut where they mess whereas masculine clothing and strides around like a guy and pal say her figure or some I'll come to look manly and remarkably less feminine It's like Rosie had a change of sex as Matilda Rosenberg CEO and chief designer for the trendy clothing line Kookla International link whose outfit cell and top LA women stores like Fred Siegel Kookla Okay, what happened to Fran and Ali? Physically she's still a woman. She tells the globe, but in her mind, Rosie's clearly 100% a man And Dr. Lewis Mullerace a college is based in Tampa who counsels many gay women But has never treated Rosie tells the globe. She's on her way to becoming as masculine as she can emotionally For Rosie this amounts to a change of sex. All right Another leading researcher on gay and lesbian is she's noticed that Rosie Michael all the way and actually have a sex change I'd always told you I thought she had a penis. No, she's gonna go get one She may be a lesbian who's always felt that she's really a man and may want to pursue her makeover even further by surgically becoming a man says the expert Dr. Esther Rothblum a psychology professor at the University of Vermont Who's also not treated the star? Whatever her final decision may be friends point out that there's a stirring story behind Rosie's changing appearance a Saga of Hills. She's had a climb and obstacles. She's overcome She sent shockwaves when she officially came out during an interview with Diane Sawyer on ABC's Pride time in March Rosie says she only started getting real much. She dumped her passive girly act from TV can find another pal The world has gotten hostile since she came out of the closet and she's got many battles ahead If becoming more like a guy than a gal gives her a winning edge more power to her Rosie has had come a long way towards finding out who she really is the person this person is a woman who's more comfortable looking and behaving like a man If anyone's got a problem with Rosie's buttway, she could care less. I do like that Five pangula baby. That's the message from Bush Rosie. Five pangula Rosie took that feisty attitude in her battle with a state of Florida over his law banning gay people from an opting kids It's done me to know that Florida the state where I live is the only one that doesn't love gay adoption She says of the 77 law She has three children she adopted as a resident of New York Parker seven Chelsea four and Blake two in her long-time gal pal Kelly Carpenter is expecting a baby girl later this year And now that she's looking at manly, you know something maybe Rosie and pregnant her you think I think it was spores Rosie spoke person says the changes into her parents are no big deal and she's spores and she Crop through her for the summer You've got to see this picture get the globe look at the leaf through it in the acheka eye But pal said that it's much more than that and reveal that Rosie couldn't be happier with her new self Cheerfully calling Kelly the little woman Anybody stand next to her will be the little something I guarantee of that and More than being provider and protector of a pal says he calls the wife and kids Rosie is shown employees at her magazine Rosie that she can be just as tough as the next boss man When colleagues express concern that she might turn her magazine into a form for other lesbians and gay adoption proponents Staffers got a taste of her take no prisoners attitude. She marked into the big apple offices and read them the riot act If there's one more leak from here to the press then Rosie is true She reportedly thundered all this affects you a lot more than affects me I'm already an effin millionaire Adds her friend the swaggering way she walks the gruff way she takes charge and even brow beads people for short hair and on feminine clothing I'll make Rosie seem a little bit more manly every day. How do you like that huh? whatever Yeah, but y'all I mean the bush down bush down bitch L. Let's see. I don't have time for this after the break I'll do this one bushes father feared expanded role in Iraq Contrary to what a lot of those uh right wingers out there like to tell us when we used to take those stupid calls Which were just loaded with misinformation I mean if I have the choice between believing something that's well documented and written by a Respectable journalist in a respectable rag that I'll you know, tend to believe that more than some asshole calling in an Honestly on a stupid radio talk show. You know I'm talking about Reporter Al Qaeda I nuclear plants this from the AP Al Qaeda considered striking US nuclear facilities in the 911 attacks and hasn't rule out nuclear attacks in the future And Arab TV reporter who interviewed two platters of the terror attacks said yesterday Yashri Fudah corresponding for the satellite station Al Jazeera told the AP that he was taken blindfolded to a secret location in Pakistan To meet Khalid Sheikh Mohammed and Ramsey Ben Al-Shib in June the interview arranged by Al Qaeda operatives Faudestity waited until not aware of the audio taped interview. It's scheduled to run this Thursday on Al Jazeera because he wanted to Included in a documentary marking the first anniversary of the attacks A video tape of Al Qaeda leader Osama Yamama bin Laden released by US official in December for many established Why for many established Al Qaeda's responsibility for 911 according to Faudestity account Mohammed and bin Al Shib Spel out the link even more clearly US officials regard Mohammed as one of the highest wrecking our kind of leaders at large and believe he's still planning attacks against US Interest US officials say bin Al Shib was a member of the handberg race led by Hamid Al Qaeda The Egyptian born suspected lead hijacker one 911 I am the head of the Al Qaeda military committee and Ramsey is the coordinator of the Holy Tooth the operation Faudestly reported Mohammed is saying September 11 last year fell on a two-day of course Mohammed said planning began two and a half years before 911 and that the first targets considered were nuclear facilities We decided against it for fear of a go out of control Faudestly reported Mohammed is saying you don't need to know more than that at this stage And anyway, it was eventually decided to leave out nuclear targets for now Faudest speaking by telephone from London said Al Qaeda operatives told him not to bring any electronic equipment including a camera or recorded the interview The Al Qaeda members videotape the interview, but instead of sending a copy the video as they promised send him only the audio tape Faudest was said at one point while he was being led blindfolded to the meeting said he thought he was gonna meet with Al Qaeda leader or some of your mama bin Laden Faudest said during the two days he spent talking to the two more Hamid once referred to bin Laden in the past tense and then a sense of disarray Let him to believe that bin Laden could be dead Fauda and Egyptian reporter host of Al Jazeera's investigative program top secret said he flew to Islamabad and then to Karachi and Al Qaeda instructions And Karachi was taken blindfolded and via a complicated route to an apartment where he met the two many recognized this will have it and bin al sheeb Al Jazeera had announced last week it'll broadcast the interview as part of its coverage marking the anniversary of the attacks against the road trade center in Pentagon Fauda wrote about the interview for London Sunday times in the story that appeared yesterday He told the AP he approached the times the public signs did documentary He wrote in the newspaper that during the interviews he learned that the US Congress had been the fourth target hijacked plain slime to the level we know that Fauda also learned that had been a sleeper operative in Germany since 1992 and started detail planning with a 1999 meeting in Afghanistan with other sleepers Once in the US, I talk communicated with higher ranking al Qaeda officials via email Fauda wrote But when he had determined everything was ready he telephone bin al sheeb in Germany to tell him the date using a riddle that refer to the shapes of the numbers 9 and 11 The gutter based satellite stationels is there has drawn world attention with its broadcasts of news with an statements by Oshama yamama bin Laden and its top with them So there you go Covering yourselves accordingly 12 minutes after 11 at 5.50 WCM we got the mad dog The uponterist puppy the hysterical hound he's coming up at one o'clock you got Hank Goldberg a three do realize Hank's got a ball game tomorrow 430 lucky man lucky man And I'm gonna forget that show down about 15 minutes. He's learning to do what we do best me and a mad dog in the hump or man Work as little as possible and get paid the most oh that's the way to do it You think we're gonna get any new copy from a skipy or anybody? Otters that pigeon again speaking of craft just looked at his leg as soon as I said skipy He lifted his leg. I think like that you fit in real well skipy you're just one of one of the group He probably get lessons from Todd Dreck Hey, let me turn to that all your men is a product that'll make you feel your best and keep you in good health in south Florida no matter how hot how humid out his answer is it gets All the men is a soft gel capsule that's got all kinds of good stuff in it There's pharmaceutical grade olive oil along with vitamins and minerals areables and like I've been telling you for a very very very long time With limited copy they make a product for each different part of your health there's one for your prostate one for your heart your blood pressure Your cholesterol they also make supplements to promote health and your circulatory system your digestive your underconsisting your skin your bone And your mind all using the benefits of the best olive oil you'll find anywhere And don't forget only a metal like I keep telling you makes products for men and ladies as well even maybe one for rosy Maybe it would push her up a little bit more, but I don't it only a bit is available at wall greens whole food markets tomorrow Pharmacy and Sedanos if you want to get more information about oil men when you call them by the way Ask them how come a skipping won't give us any new copy call 1 866 oil. We'll met copy. What's that? 1 866 oil men don't forget you can get that information on their website too as well as order the succeeding new products that's only a matter of America dot com A lot of a pop little boy No Everyone in opposite the same as me they only difference what they were a little more discrete You elected me or president not your slaves no matter who you put here in a long way for this thing Remossing to push they all have something on the side, but the press club it was best to keep it quiet at the time And happen back last and it's never gonna stop every president has done the presidential walk Whatever the hour was given us a friend who Dale Eleanor was given chicks a reason to spoil Ozem Howard did it back in World War II Oldest driver that he liked her in the scooshers do They didn't like interpreters that spoke Johnny's and don't get me's card at all the candidates It happened back then and it's never gonna stop I'm never president has done the presidential walk I'll get you good day. I'm in the final league compared to what went on with the Kennedy The girls I had all the bad to make you win unless because I don't have Peter Lover for my film It wasn't a coincidence or just bad luck That who there is the name of a vacuum that sucks This is half of that damn and it's never gonna stop The ever president has done the presidential walk when you're the president You have to ask yourself why not? To ever president has done the presidential walk can start me think it's criminals I hope it's not the ever president has done the presidential walk work I'm an eighth player. It's gonna be a week of history I think it's actually an end-zone right now searches and star-all remembering 9-11 There's more images again. See television does two things magnificently number one They exploit human misery and suffering in number two They desensitized the viewers so that after they show it all right over it doesn't have any meaning anymore right It's like it's like the puppy snuffpakes, you know after the 50 million time they showed it even the greatest of us dog lovers It had no meaning anymore, just and of course I would watch it more than once anyway, but if you did it just it had no meaning and The same thing with a plane crashing into the twin towers and into the Pentagon all you know We don't we don't see the Pentagon because I guess we don't have that footage Right and that's small potatoes Yeah, and that's small potatoes. Any was only like you know on the outside of that wedge What was it two 300 people died there? Which I noticed that nobody talks about that about anybody who died of the Pentagon But nevertheless moving right ahead like I said these sensitizing the viewers and if they show you something over and over It's like the thing with a devil kid's all these, you know, not another thing we're into that big time right I mean the I these acts are so gross task and so unacceptable and yet because it's on television. Oh, do you need a shame? You know Let's see if we can find out more about it Let's see if we can go into a feeling friends you about it, but the public accepted Don't get excited just take on don't get all carried away See I have a tendency when I start talking about that to get aggravated because because because they said you they petal you this idea That somehow this is the way the world is supposed to be and yet what they should be doing and that is exposing the insanity of religious Penaticism which is what 9 11 was all about and continues to be they don't want to deal with that because it's the not good for business Fosius father feared expanded role in Iraq by Walter pink is Washington post-staff writer in yesterday's Washington post Four years ago former president George Herbert Walker bush wrote that there was unanimity Within his administration that the 1991 Persian Gulf war should end once the forces of Iraqi president Saddam Hussein's Had been driven from Kuwait Remember all the calls we had from those right where oh no was the Democrats in Congress wouldn't let him continue They would not rise the right those wins those losses that's right those appeasers If he had sent US military forces on the bag dead bush asserted in the 1998 book He wrote with Brent Skowcroft his national security adviser US could conceivably still be an occupying power in a bitterly hostile land That's the same brand Skowcroft by the way who for last to which has been raiding against the this push administration and saying that we absolutely have no reason to invade Iraq And would be a grotesque mistake Trying to eliminate Saddam extending the ground board and when occupied the Iraq would have violated our guideline about not changing objectives in midstream Engaging in mission creep and we would have incurred in calculables human and political cost bush wrote in the book title They world transformed as the administration of President Bush intensifies its efforts to convince Congress the American public and US allies The need to confront who's saying again. It's also looking at how a policy on Iraqi volk within the first Bush administration 11 years ago and Response to Iraq's invasion of Kuwait and August 1990 the U.N. Security Council let November authorize the use of force to drive the Iraqis out But did not make a change of government and bagged in part of the package President George Herbert W. Bush and his aides informally decided that although removing Hussein would be beneficial That goal would not be part of US policy unless the Iraqi president used chemical or biological weapons against US or coalition troops or neighboring country such as Israel He did not Month before the war began in January of 1991 while Pentagon planners were still a work the White House had discussed the question of Hussein's future At a December 1990 meeting of senior national security officials who stands removal was set aside according to Skowcroft Making it a formal goal of the coalition of the United States was assembling for the war well beyond the bounds of the UN resolution guiding us He wrote if the United States announced a golden lateral heated we would be committing ourselves alone to removing one regime and installing another And if the Iraqis themselves didn't take matters in their own hands We'd be facing an indefinite occupation of a hostile state and some dubious nation building There also was the problem of maintaining the supportive Arab countries such as Saudi Arabia that were vital to the war Bush senior wrote we also believe the U.S. should not go at alone mounting an effective military counterdoor rax invasion required the backing and bases of Saudi Arabia and other Arab states February 26, 1991 two days after US and coalition troops began their successful ground offensive to free Kuwait Bush wrote in his diary we would declare an end once I was sure we admit all of our military objectives and fulfill the UN resolutions The following day after then defense secretary Richard B. Cheney. Oh, could that be the same one? Report reported that the southern part of Kuwait was free and that military operations would halt that day of the next U.S. television screens were filled with pictures of U.S. aircraft artillery and tanks pounding Iraqi units fleeing north from Kuwait city to the southern Iraqi city of Bosra The carnage and an effect on the White House we'd all become increasingly concerned over impressions being created in the press about the highway of death from Kuwait city to Bosra Skowcraft Road In the overall office that afternoon Bush asked his advisors including Cheney and general colon pal then chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff if it was time to stop They decided it was there was no descent Skowcraft road not even from dick. How do you like that? Bush later wrote that Robert M. Gates who was deputy national security adviser at the time told him we crossed their 43 divisions But we stopped we didn't just want to kill and history will look on that kindly There had been a secret plan run up by the Army's chief operations officer to seize Baghdad according to a book by Michael Gordon and General Bernardi trainer published in 95 the plan was circulated after the war ended while it raised a possibility of a decisive victory It also opened the doorway for attracted occupation of Iraq which was not the kind of war that power or General Norman Schwartz cough wanted they wrote Bush in his book laid out other reasons for not sending US forces into Iraq many of which are being cited by US and foreign opponents to a new military offensive The coalition would instantly have collapsed the Arabs these earnings in anger and other allies putting out as well Bush won wrote Referring to a doctor in first apply by the Reagan administration Bush won noted there was no viable excess strategy we could see violating another of our principles It was also possible at invading Iraq at lead to a breakup of the country Which was opposed by Iraq's Arab neighbors as well as by Turkey which feared that an independent Kurdish state might be created in northern Iraq Bush won wrote US intelligence in Arab coalition members had told Bush that the beating was same or quickly He was being forced out of power that did not happen and said an uprising among Shiites and Southern Iraq was quickly put down by Iraqi forces They simmered 10 by the Kurds in northern Iraq was also squashed can't you just hear the Bush? He's not saying oh she ey A accused of having encouraged those uprisings boistered that although we said removal of Hussein would be welcome his fate was up to the Iraqi people He ended that for a very practical reasons there was never a promise to wait an uprising Cheney who's taken a lead role as vice president pushing for preparation to take military action against Hussein played the same role 12 years ago as defense secretary Bush wrote that months before any operations were launched 11 years ago while secretary state James Baker the third was reluctant to Complaint contemplate use of force and pressing for diplomacy and sanctions to get the job done Cheney recognized early that sooner or later Or would come down to force Cheney was probably ahead of his own military on this bush wrote while the military did not appear He could go to war unless other options have been exhausted Cheney led the way for the military leading not pushing the military to Understanding and fulfilling the mission said for them by the president We don't want to say he's a hot do we? But he is Hey man, Rummy 26 after 11 at 560 WM House George doing out of hope baby we got 294. It's a lot of votes for it in there How did George do in filling in for Neil this summer and look at that you're making slowly but surely you're making progress back to her that 30 percent I don't listen when George is on 104 35.8 percent under 36 now excellent job better than ever 79 good 49. Okay, okay 31 week 18 and fair is up to look at that I told you if we get some votes for you. Yeah, not that 26 past 11 we got the mad dog coming at one have you heard the news about the 3.95 percent mortgage Well if you've been thinking about a quit thinking and do something smart because now is the time to buy or I home or refinance your resisting home at the Unbeatably low rate of only 3.95 percent Unableatable if you have a 7.5 percent mortgage the 3.95 percent would save you over 3.5 percent or over 3.500 bucks the first year on a 100,000 dollar mortgage so to make things easy for yourself just pick up the phone make one quick call to financial group They'll take all about it call 1-800-940-L-E-N-D That's 1-800-94053 63 getting a mortgage someplace else in the long run is gonna cost you a lot of extra money Thousands of dollars this year and next year and every year think of all the money you can save when you have a three 0.95 percent mortgage financial groups got thousands of customers just like you they've been helping put your financing in the best possible position By getting yourself a 3.95 percent mortgage Confidence of group today toll free. It's 1-800-94053 63 that's 1-800-94053 63 the renequal housing leather Credit restrictions do apply and rates are subject to change if you wait too long 5-0.5 and local year sports video 5-60-U.A.M I'm on the hand Gor is the boringest person that you ever viewed We can't take him anymore no one's for boring advice president out for You No signs of nature expression is he alive If you start with him then one hour seems like five Oh Because Gor is the boringest person that you ever viewed Gor is the boringest person that goes for a temperature Only once more wouldn't end him for no reason But he'll come to life for Asian guys relax and go Gor is the boringest he's out of the boringest he's out of the boringest person that you ever viewed So CNN and doodafly doing this before the article from the Toronto star They're discussing reports as a rack poses nuclear threat And they're showing pictures of them sitting the world feels on fire from the Gulf War Right And of course those pictures with a gigantic balls of fire looks like nuclear explosion is it Oh, in fact I'll tell you something the scene in the world trade center For my years that looks more like a nuclear explosion than this did right wouldn't you think so sure. I'd love to create a Jeff find out what is this is this the inside poop on what's going on in the station? Yeah, just got a story for it. Spy report Jeff high aka fat boy aka Tvlard can't close the stall door when he poops. Oh Oh, oh Man I may not become a back Either that or I'm going to tell you one thing I'm going to spend the get up an extra hour really in the morning and in the really evacuated heavy duty So to speak since we brought everything else in here maybe you could get a little stall installed. Oh, man I don't want to I don't want to see that. I don't want to walk in there to take a leak and have that Then handy crap the stall door open and him in there and his full reggae and the chair and a hole Oh Vorge ratings down and foreign policy. Oh, oh President Bush is overall rating is slid steadily downward over the summer largely because of a major weathering of support in the ways conducting foreign policy two polls might be finding a CBS news New York Times poli Saturday also found a majority of Americans things Bush lacks a clear plan to carry out his war on terror Overall the poll found that 63% of her with the way Bush is doing his job while strong for president almost two years on the job the numbers down three points from the summer 66% rating and down 24 points from his 87% approval rating soon after the attacks of last 9 11 It found 54% support is foreign policy only two months ago 68% approved this foreign policy and last fall the level stood almost three four Before 9 11 just under half the residents of respondents rather approved this foreign policy performance a Washington post pool published in yesterday's editions found that Bush is approval rating is now 69% down 23 points from the high 92% registered by post posters in October It also found that 70% out approve of the way he's managing the war in terrorism down 13 points from July and 22 points from October's high the time CBS poll also found that while almost two out of three field Bush is not explained this position under racks efficiently American is generally support is preemptive policy again, shot him who same Not that they're propagandizing or planning the seeds you understand course not don't forget to pick up the inquiry or just take a peek at it Take it the picture on the front cover on the inside page what page 34 through 30 something 367 Patti Ramsey man looks like hell on wheels worse than fat boy, but we'll get to that this thing you just facts to me Yes, from the Pittsburgh Post Gazette, and of course a warm enough for tonight's again the Patriots and the steers. I got a confess. I did call yesterday and I got the NFL package and that embarrassing to admit to that Yeah, I saw a little bit of the dolphins against a little girls team yesterday and joke and I did see the end of the bills jet's game I saw quite a bit of that game did not see the end of the Cleveland Kansas City game although it showed me a low light on that about 50 times, but it's you know, it's worth having on the Sunday But tonight of course on ABC al Michaels who was on the ending with Moa Cheswick this morning And John Madden make their network debut in regular season game. I'm good pair man They got rid of that silly goose. What did I tell you about Dennis Miller? Did I tell you forget about him? He's a crap. I could have saved them a lot of embarrassment with that, but they don't ask me Anyway Mark Madden or relation to John writes in these Pittsburgh, the Post Gazette this past Saturday Would Jerome Betta secuse the sexual assault the steers face something they certainly don't need as they begin a season filled with so much promise and An unnecessary distraction. Forgive me if I take a greensberg woman's personal tragedy Be a real or perceived and analyze its relevance to football, but this is the sports page By being involved in an unseemly situation Betta is open himself up to countless cat calls from opposing fans and see their fans do if he performs poorly Can't wait for the first pooled groin joke the situation will be discussed endlessly on talk shows I don't presume that judge Betta should go for Renaissance although this seems like a he said she said situation with no witnesses And that tends to favor the accused But even when you beat the rap in a sex case, hey bone remembers that you were involved with something as slow as he I can't fall betta for picking up women he's young single guy has for doing so during training camp I hope no one expects all the steers to put sex on hold until after the Super Bowl That's raccone and he wrote sending you a scoring predictionary There's one thing I do know if I've ever feel laid to commit a crime. I'm doing it in Greensburg Betta's accused of sexually assaulted woman August 21 the woman filed a report with police that same night The Greensburg police didn't get around requesting Betta until two days ago And only then did so because the post Gazette came nosing around It's not like Betta's hard to find he's been the steer of southside practice complex the past two weeks The Greensburg police put away if you ever been into mountain viewing and Greensburg No excellent food I actually stayed there one time The Greensburg police clearly try to give Betta's the celebrity exemption perhaps dragging their feet in the hope the alleged victim would drop her complaint The Greensburg police should have died disguised themselves as members of the sports media And walked around with microphones cameras tape record as a note books They wouldn't have had the need the need to look for Betta to see what to look for them He has an addiction to attention Betta's is violent counts of very nice guy But we shouldn't use that as self-evident truth to assume his innocence or to assume that he's totally incapable of doing anything bad When Al Martin played for the pirates he was widely hailed as the most affable human being The cent-footed and a big league clubhouse Turns out he was a big a mist who told ball face lies about a fictional college football career This doesn't mean Betta's guilty being a bad human being much less guilty of any crime But it does mean we really don't know what pro athletes are like You can't judge a man by his quotes in the paper or by a soundbites on radio and TV And we as sports, cough, journalists can't judge an athlete by the fleeting few moments he or she Does a daydains to spend with us I would guess this whole incident likely will blow over no charges have been filed And a case without a witness is hard to prosecute But the discussion corresponding distraction will outlive the legal matter Pittsburgh loves how to rumor much more than cold hard facts It'll be interesting to see Betta's reaction to fans give him a hard time Memo said you're home a hundred yards against the Patriots guarantees this will not happen How do you like that last line there? Kind of cute Hundred yards of my ass you're all okay up your ass Patriots tonight Tommy Brady anybody gonna be watching George might even be watching that I don't know what Big game tonight baby Monday night football. Are you ready for some football? Come on man give me the ball give me the ball you break for some football from some remember that call Yeah down on the second floor So one of those memorable calls almost as memorable as the guy who said I can't relate to the people who voted for Gore almost as memorable as that I quite kneel. Are you ready for some smash mouth this was some schwarzer ready for some smash mouth MOUF football F or OBA L L L And I said no Overgone T five yard touchdown pass in the fourth quarter push the tech how about those Houston tension Oh, so the end of that game to beat up on the Cowboys and I saw that Jerry Jones on the sideline man. I hate that son of a bitch Anyway Plenty till noon. I might start to get in the two football intensive. Yes, we get off of that and we'll get on the job at any in a second Got to see the pictures you won't believe it and of course you being the hard ass son of a bitch that you are you'll be Shortly in chocolate at her misery when to revel Anyway, let me tell you about one person where we're playing and that's the beat. He looks so much better man He looks almost human underlined the almost part he's lost 53 pounds. I bet you by the end of this week when he weighs in again He'll be he's starting to get close to 60 you know Close to 60 right no, I'm serious. I bet you by the end of the week. He's edge in toward the 60 pound mark He's looking pretty then good for him and you could do the same thing. You can lose weight He ain't healthy and have great tasting delicious meals every day in fact Balance for like put so much the input in a little black sack some days You might have a hard time finishing it, but that's the idea because it's on the base on the premise the principles of the zone diet the premise in principles So you really need to eat all of that food three delicious gourmet meals to delicious snacks and they deliver it right to your doorstep by six o'clock every morning In that very important little black sack even a 69 spot of water is in there too And if you eat all of that food you'll be amazed at how full of keeps you number one number two how delicious all the food is made with a freshest The best ingredients you can find anywhere and how fast the weight just pours off and they let you choose between two alternatives reach meal every single day That you're on the program to how long can you afford to be overweight out of shape with arctic diabetic dying is basically what it's all about So get yourself in shape lose that weight and stop being frustrated because it's the easy way to do it. You don't have to count calories carbs anything else All you have to do is open your little black sack every day. Let balance for life take care all the details column at nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine And I guarantee you know time at all you look better than the beast nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine Or visit them on their website at balance for life dot com. My And low Real five six So that the Lord even loves Neil Roger My dad He made me happy When I was young but hey I Was killed by my daddy I Was That's not real I was a little queen It's not a meaty All this thing I'm a I'm a One No Baby Baby Baby Two Out there And I'm a Hating No He's up Yeah Oh Oh So they're gonna let him go My dad Not the Oh He made me To get up So he's a one Who made You're living in a city But I don't know The Oh I don't know John but I dropped chair a shred ran down a buy new evidence found as patty's health failed And there's a picture is being fired this week If you're sadistic like George you want to go right out and give me a carousel copies Huh? She looked like Robert Blake on a bad day Have you seen him? Him? No no I'm trying to be seen these pictures No no I can't I'll look it to him by the way I got a strip on him if I have time And he looks worse than she does I know that's why I said that Oh my god He's now gone and white hair before jail He died his hair jet black It shows that he's for an an a current Robert Blake's a changed man But for right of Brian's he'll be shooting again TV that it well look it to that much later We'll have time 125 votes on a pole They're pouring in for George or against George or about George This is the kind of fully audience likes he Now what's gonna happen when they don't give a call And when they don't give a crap about that they don't know anyway Any more than you know or I know or anybody else How do we know what's gonna happen next half hour For all we know stay can go off the air The historic would come in on the internet about the station being sold The intercom we don't know And sure as hell nobody going to tell us anything because they lie a lot That's the nature of the business they lie through their teeth And then of course if the jail does go through it and you know Greg will you know stand up there and scratch his head Making it well we could make any money with you ass Also we'll see if they can do it you know that kind of thing And of course George has got his fingers and eyes and legs crossed I don't know why you got your good you got a real good ally there in the morning Feasty now Mochezwick 325 votes Remember Mr. Cheswick From who's next I want my cigarette that's what we got in the morning Mochezwick is my new name for Mo 325 votes how did George do filling in for Neil the summer we asked I don't listen when George is on 118 36.3 percent I think that's about the did I say between 30 and 40 yes When you can't get much more between 30 and 40 than maybe exactly 35 Excellent job better than ever 91 28 percent that's a pretty good endorsement a ringing endorsement for little George And of course keep in mind keep in mind speaking of Mochezwick Correct whatever his name is Mochezwick Said if it was up there and he would hand his way George wouldn't have been there this summer God only knows what kind of crappy would have maybe had had the the al Gore of radio Joseph Gackey on there Excellent job 93 better than ever good the 60 okay 34 week 18 and fair 11 So if you end up in percentage let's see week and that was 40 so it's like 60 to 40 you're in the lead I mean like that oh right Yeah sure why not In addition to which let me say it again George by keeping 60 percent of what we got here during the rest of there Sure as hell's got a lot of big numbers that they have in certain other day parts. I don't want to mention any times Or day parts or namesmo And this is a convenient he left out the media that story to protect his own ass That story with a child Elmore and Palm Beach and opposed oh He didn't want to go into details of course he doesn't want to tell a reporter or anybody else in a guy They're more which is wise pissed off. They tried to get you a little last fired like an overgrown child If you don't fire George I'm walking out and that kind of crap and then all of a sudden when he lost his gig with westwood one and QAM in the dolphin thing became his only He then all of a sudden the adopted a whole different tune. Did you notice right I noticed And he hasn't listened and since the author did you oh, yeah right But gang right stuff funny don't forget about that gang right stuff funny, but he has no sense here and does anybody believe that? He's listening right now He's got this thing cranked up so a lot of you near the president speaking the background Did technology technology that the prime minister and I just saw it. Well see there you go Oh, by the way, I don't know how froggy keeps staying in power here. You know a Christian Everybody seems to hate him like poison the newspapers the letters to the editor They got billboards all over town here about creature just ripping him an ass About what a liar he is and his time is run out and you know and they don't trust a guy who speaks out a one corner of his mouth Which means all frogs of course John Bene cops shred rams the alibi new evidence found his patchies health fails Bursting in a tier is a shattered patchy ramsy collapsed and front of relatives after learning newly released police evidence destroyers her claims that John Bene was murdered by a stranger The discovery by cops has made her already failing health even worse to slow than the cider The former beauty queens downhill slid is shocking as exclusive and square were photos reveal Kimo therapy treatments for advanced liver cancer cost her colored chest that brown here to fall out and the returning stubble is tinge with gray and and stubble is you know as the word Her weight is approaching 180 pounds. She's ballooned up like a bull for our luxury loses head While trying to get her life back on track. John Bene's mom was recently tip that tops her beefing up evidence against her and husband John Patti exploded Latching out a police reveal the family inside her. She yelled those dumb SOBs don't know what they're doing God damn it She seemed flimer gas at the police were still saying the ramsy's did it Fambling members were frightened she was gonna pass out and the midst of her fiery tie rate pass the already weakened by her ongoing life or death cancer battle completely fell apart She started crying collapsed or any is screaming. I can't take it anymore. This is crazy. This is crazy We'll never be free of this. This slows the source and you know who else want to be free of it? Who John Bene? Oh The emotional turmoil is extremely hard on Patti and I wouldn't have spotted her right before the liberty we can totally inquire She's about 40 she's 45 but looks about 60 The inquire has learned that Patti's shocking breakdown is just part of a recent pattern of bizarre behavior They clearly indicate she's cracking and possibly even experiencing pains of guilt See inside her is a leading mental health experts. We discovered that Patti and amateur artist has been creating a series of eerie paintings And experts we consulted say the shocking serial creations expose for the first time her highly educated state of mind In one of them Patti painted all the people she feels about together Sfay family acquaintance not that she's paranoid or anything you understand. I understand There is Steve Thomas the former a bolder detective who wrote a book accusing Patti murdering John Bene not to be confused with Steve Thomas the hockey player who played twice for maple leaves and then a black ox Tom Kobe the former bolder police chief Mike came the special prosecutor for the women and died no money presented the case to a grand jury and other investigators who targeted the Ramses In the chilling painting Patti's villains are right around her bolder house pointing your accusing we added the inquire has learned Another starling painting Patti has melded her husband John and herself into one person. They're standing in front of a dead tree with a fire blazing behind it The paintings can definitely be an indication of Patti's collapsing mentally and unconsciously expressing guilt fame Beverly Hills, our actress and relationship expert Dr. Carol Lieberman Who's not treated Patti told the inquire in the first painting she has a recusives arranged in a semicircle pointing fingers a guilt The semicircle represents the new stitting rounder, the painting with the dead tree and fire and Patti and John shown his one person is very telling Patti could be revealing she feels the heated investigation closing in honor and that she and John share the guilt The tree itself could be her family tree, which is destroyed fire also represents passion or sex and a raise of the question of whether Patti is emitting the John Bene was sexually abused Famous psychiatrist Judy N. Vincent Gerber an expert in criminal matters is not treated Patti but as convinced she stressed at the breaking point She's had to fight to return to the cancer. She's the mother of a murder child and her paintings now show she's obsessed with a killing doctor against a grubber told the inquire all of these things And up to a lot of pressure and if she also knows she did it she said it for a total mental collapse Well, there you go. That's enough of that there's more to it go on by the inquire, okay They like it if I get you to go out and buy the and just to look at the pictures for those of you who can't read inquire or the globe. No, that wasn't the inquire. Okay, the other one the other one not don't get in front of you is the one on rosy That was the globe and you got to get that to in fact this would be a good way in and there's a good thing for you This Wednesday the 11th instead of turning on your TV shit and getting bogged down all like oh, here's the froggy I think Canada the country is run by women The governor general is a woman the chief justice is a woman and My wife is a woman There he is there's braggie for you. You wonder why they want them out? Probably rubbing in there There's W's Charlie these laughing Yes, and we here's an editorial in the Boston, Bob yesterday insecure airlines It's as the arrest August 29th in Sweden of a man with US flight school experience. That's a one-way to pepper pines address Okay, you rest August 29th in Sweden of a man with US flight school experience trying to carry a handgun onto the plane We're just the most recent reminder that airline safety is critical year after 9.11 and open and destabilize country like the US's full of targets for terrorists But the vulnerability of airplanes will always make them especially inviting Airlines concerns about passenger impatience with the nation not be a lot of interfere with thorough inspection travelers in their bags One immediate improvement was the strike for the new cockpit doors some pilots find this inadequate arresting permission to carry handguns But the airlines raise a sensible objective is while we're spending literally billions of dollars to keep dangerous weapons off aircraft The heads of 21 airlines wrote to senators the idea of intentionally producing thousands of weapons into the system appears to be dangerously counterproductive Examination of check luggage by explosive detecting machines has improved slightly But airports say they'll have difficulty meeting the December 31 deadline for 100% compliance Logan airport to its credit is working to get the devices in place the failure of the federal government and the producers of machines Not to ramp up production after 9.11 has been a signal defeat in the war against terrorism The airlines now do a positive matching of bags with passengers What is it with passengers on all company luggage gets on board? What poorly written in the globe? But only on the first legs of flights the airlines clear that bag matching would cause unacceptable delays on connecting flights Although a recent trial in Chicago show this was not the case matching should be required on all flights Arnold Barnett professor of operations research at MIT who specialize in airline safety sees gains in sign 11 but says some improvements might be lost because of pressure from the airlines While the airlines spread over the customers they lose to rail or car travel because of security related hassles They should be more worried about the fate of their industry if weak security leads to another airline hijacking or bombing Excellent point in yesterday's Boston globe. That's right if we have one more the parties over baby They'll all be bust. Am I right right now be the end Santa or two way trade or 120 billion US dollar travel the bridge you know I'm out of here 11.56 and 5.60 WKOM A castaway seafood company knows seafood. That's what George had he said in this sensational They pride themselves on serving you the freshest seafood available fresh fish that is never frozen prepared the way you love it grilled black and her broiled Signature castaways decision-ploots sesame seared tuna crack cock and unbelievable homemade charters castaways Also features grilled certified angus beef burgers to lay menu on array huge a humongous New York strip Castaways offers great daily lunch early bird specials in every Wednesday night is karaoke night and ladies night with three drinks for the ladies You're on the castaways till gate party at the hot fish bar for a weekend and Monday night football specials Why do you watch your favorite games like tonight baby patriots kick ass on the ceiling as we hope Castaway seafood company with a full bar open seven days week located on the southwest corner of University Drive at Griffin Road in baby if you're looking to cater your next home around his party Here's the place to do it for a castaways castaway seafood company seafood so fresh you might bite you on the end Car il We think I So Okay Action Plan The vast majority of the people who craft our border pose Norris to either country To ensure that such Norris can individual are able to drop I'm sitting here. I'm just I can't restrain myself. I will you watch in this at all? No A couple of months ago during the middle of the break. I only wish we would have been on the earth at that He started what he's doing is he's doing his piece and then every no-in-a-lake repeat or for us several sentences in French We the expression fish out of water was never more appropriate because the bush mice the rescinding there like off the his right and When he started doing the first line in French W like reached up and scratched the side of his head, you know how like Greg is always doing the top of his end would have same like Quizzico like when a whimsical look on his post like hey, I go a fish out of water baby That's our leader Hey congestion a hot n-run and on-hung chairs right on-draise Martinez in yesterday's New York Times On September 11th Al Gore told us the I wasn't ready for this. I wouldn't realize this was in it On September 11th Al Gore told Oprah when free under seven men in viewers that we these was his favorite cereal Elsewhere in Chicago Aubrey Harvey Jr. 51 year old supervisor with organ bright security who served at Chicago Well, here's United terminal was being faded He just been named the FAA's National Screener of the Year No doubt happy to change the subject from the crowded terminals and delays that it made flying such a nightmare Jane Garvey the agency's administrator had offered this praise room three days earlier maintaining Conson vigilance vigilance while processing past years at one of the business airports in the world is a tremendous achievement With the year 2000 the following years of work ceremony fortuitously would be moved up to August On Wall Street on that last ordinary 9-11 Shares of Enron touted by Fortune magazine as the nation's most innovative company for five straight years closed at 86 bucks near its all-time high Poll showed that Florida once thought to be in the pocket of George W. Bush was turning out to be a toss-up Presidential candidates hate playing defense, but when Mr. Bush arrived and floored on that day He did a good job of singing please to say I plan quite a few visits here Meanwhile Patrick Buchanan the reform party candidate was fighting just to get on the Florida ballot Mr. Bush could never imagine that the success of his candidacy would wind up pinching on a combination It must be canon success in that effort and one county's infamous butterfly shape ballot So peculiar our history is narrative building blocks Americans were a rather self-satisfied lot in that seemingly distant fall of 2000 we had dogs year 2000 bulletless faces the technology concerns mass plenty of moral pocket-laptic millennial anxieties and appeared ready to coast through the second consecutive American Century The presidential race reflected that complacency would much of the debate lock boxes tax cuts new benefits in the rest of it focused on the art of managing the nation surplus bounty Foreign policy made only a token appearance on the campaign trail the stakes seemed so low that more than ever the voters felt I could focus on candidates personalities rather than their experience Sure the stock market had fallen from its springtime highs But most investors couldn't imagine that they were standing on the edge of a cliff instead of in one of those buying opportunity dips The dot conference you might have died down but proven high growth blue chips like enron offered refuge The company had recently sent a 20 year deal with blockbuster to offer movies on demand over its broadband network and Analyst gust that within five years telecom bandwidth trading could generate more revenue than enron's energy business Enron keeps inventing markets yetators at fortune magazine marvel not knowing the half of it Abbey Joseph Cohen the influential Goldman Sachs strategist was predicting that the overall market would starry bout again November the mega merger between J.P. Morgan and Chase Manhattan on the week of 911 seemed to indicate that the party on Wall Street was far from over Some 2500 vanished as that point slater now. We know better hindsight cast a brooding sense of foreboding out of that tranquil fall of 2000 It's not unlike the ominous foreshadowing that runs through in the queue and smashed the portrait of life and a grand English manor house on the eve of World War II Anatonement is most recent novel or that historians read of their accounts in the early carefree summer vacations Enjoyed by Europe's world in the summer of 1914 Americans in that fall of 2000 reports to suffer three ketoclasmic shocks over the next year that would challenge their sense of Involverability we were about to discover that we could be incapable of reserving it is booted presidential election Without the intervention of a court and that widespread corruption undermined the integrity of our financial markets Worst of all we would suffer the most devastating attack ever on the US mainland Historians looking back will scratch the plastic service and mock our complacency they'll make much of a whoop or rocks downcast mood as you Return home from New York on that 9-11 less than three weeks before a new Palestinian uprising having stated that the win-of-op opportunity was closing on the Middle East peace process They'll highlight a mountain of study showing how rickety our voting equipment begun had become and the diligent efforts of US Commissioner National Security led by former senators Gary Hart and More at rubmen to sound in alarm about the dangers of terrorism much tool be made and rightly so of Arthur Levitt's efforts to crack down on the conflicts of interest based by auditing firms That also provide clients with consulting services Mr. Levitt than the SEC chairman held public hearings in New York the week of September 11 to promote to promote his proposal to ban such conflicts But hardly anyone except the industry lobbyists paid any attention to it. Mr. Levitt was ultimately forced to accept the watering down of his proposal To look back is to be consumed by a sense of helplessness that September in 2000 will have an opt-al ready in Florida applied to trade in his tourist visa for a student visa so it could take flying lessons Another one of the men would hijack four airliners a year later. Honey Hunter was granted his student visa Saudi Arabia on September 25 to a good attend the language school in California He made it to America, but never bothered showing up at the school Al Qaeda was about to struck against the coal and American naval destroyer and Yemen intelligence agencies were reported to obtain a copy of the terrorist organizations Chilean training manual it was shared with prosecutors preparing to try New York and a court were most implicated in the 1998 bombing of the American embassies in Africa The trial the following spring set out in painstaking detail al Qaeda's intentions and capabilities a few Americans paid much attention We couldn't be bothered. We were posting for its Andre Martinez in the afternoon. New York time. We were posting Paracoyes for terrorist links Stuttgart Irmese now using this tourist because I like saying stuttgart state again stuttgart Germany Stuttgart German investigative German investigators have failed to find a link between a pair of west of unsuspitioned planning and attack on the US Army base and the al Qaeda terror group The Turkish man in his American fiance were detained through his day near Hydeldberg Southwest Germany home to a US military base after a tip off from the US authorities How is the old Hydeldberg doing still open? Yes Remember I was asking about the German restaurants. Yes, you were the very in village and the old Hydeldberg see how my mind is sharpen up here a If scared the peer who had a picture of Osama, you mama been ladden there apartment were planning a terror attack on the base police also found 287 pounds of chemicals and five pipe bombs as well as a book about bomb making during the search of the couple's third floor Paraband a small town of Waldor But German and terror minister Otto Sheely said no evidence existed that they've been recruited by the terror network blame for the 911 attacks on the world for its enter and Pentagon face now what we know so far We're dealing with an individual who's shown a indication of participation in terrorist network It was quoted by the AP is telling and 10 Bayer and Radio It seems we're dealing with a dangerous individual with an Islamic background. Oh not again Federal prosecutors are reviewing the evidence said in the statement it must be clarified whether the mail suspect acted alone Whether they two acted together with a plan that terror attack in Hydeldberg as members of a terrorist organization the pair have been named as Oman Padmechee 25 worked at the chemical warehouse in Carl Shrew and Ostrid Is a giri E Y Z A G a Z a G or a twenty-three who had a job at a base door She would have had access to many facilities at Cal Campbell, Burris, which is one of the US U.S. U.F. headquarters the Army's fifth correct orders NATO facility It's not clear how dangerous the chemicals found might have been as police didn't reveal what kind of it was Well, they were just a store and up, you know, like like a scroll store up nuts Right then everybody with a brain store up there nuts Trailer in the 69 votes on a poll today so far as the votes are pouring in here How did George do filling in for Neil the summer for whatever reason we always get a lot of votes on this you know whatever year? I don't know Well because you're controversial guy I guess I don't listen when George is on 129 34.9 percent it's dropped under 35 at a first time How do you like that? I like it? Well, of course don't don't count your I don't be four years girl hatches. If this is really important though What do you mean by that? It doesn't my job hang on this? No, it hangs out with her. More has another sniff. Oh That's more. Oh, it has work. I don't listen when George is on a hundred twenty nine Excellent job better than ever hundred and five twenty eight point four percent That's pretty good. That's a pretty good ringing endorsement, you know I'll take it good 65 Okay 40 so yeah, those up you got 44 are fit right there is 55 percent week 18 and fair is all right to 12 so that's There's the result so far Speaking of elections don't forget tomorrow election day date county vote no on 242 the last things forget about Maybe in a fact the last thing date county needs is more I need to bride embarrassment I mean let's face it and if even even Mayor Pingo Picania is not there campaigning even though He doesn't want to talk about if even he is supposed to be as far business like this our Mesto Gonzalez Rodriguez Schwartz pitch whatever your name is I wish you would have seen that I do too, but it would have made me so you know something oh no Oh, I'm gonna have to I'm gonna have to go into my garbage you want to know what I'll do it there in the break because on the back You know how sometimes there are good stories on the back of both pages on the back of the rosy story There was a thing about O'Donnie who yeah, O'Donnie who I'm about to do and the fact that there ain't nobody watching you show And he's in great you're pretty and he's so desperate he wants to get Michael Jackson on with him and this one please don't please desperate he's desperate desperate It's not about you What it's not a bad show the times I remember watching I don't know I like to I'll tell you one thing it's certainly no bill or Riley It's you don't eat that a lot of that unfortunately though Bill or Riley's beating the crap out of me because there's a lot of right wing Answers out there and a lot of very naive people were buying the show business thing who think it's a real show Right who thinks that a Riley actually is a person of substance is supposed to just a Psychotic ego who makes it up as he goes along and never has any facts right Hey forget about that we don't care about see because basically that's what it boils down to his most people don't care about the Substance they only care about the style you know that lying cell the sizzle right well That's what it's all about and he gets on and he pontificates any interrupts And oh, it'll confuse me with the fact and now you're wrong. You're you know because it's all about him And there were a lot of schmuck stuff there who like Fox news because they like the FF the fascist news Now we're and they also a the fact that shepherd's slipper Smith is on it It just it makes me want a cry have you ever seen his performance on there? No, he is so amateur hour He is so in our ticket and the women on that fox news What the house that one broads name is done on a weekend with a show yes name? They all look they're all like got that orange pasty face well let's not go back into that again. Okay, please For the good news is guess what I don't get up here Fox news. Oh Absolutely correct sir, I'm very happy with a how we're talking to news for the drive-in classics. I'll tell you what All driving classics and how about we throw a scream in there, too. Oh, please Can't have it 12 minutes past noon at 5.60. Nobody can hear something you can have a great new mattress Blondman inside if you don't get a good night sleep every night every single life of your life You feel like crap you're tossing your turning your back especially will tell you the message Get me a new mattress and if you want to get a great new mattress the unbeatable deal is dial a mattress I've been using them for seven years now and of course, you know you get in the mattress it last year for a long time But they don't last forever even the best mattress in the world so when you all want it So had it pick up the phone make one easy call to sit there on your very lazy ass like me and call dial a mattress 1800 mattress They will steer you in a right direction you'll talk the vetting experts who know the vetting business inside enough And they'll hook you up with exactly the type of mattress you want and when it comes to brands They got the best in the world no off brands no seconds no crap. They got surna Seagree Simmons King coil and of course because they got the deepest selection of brand name mattresses They'll never switch you into one you didn't want in the first place So get exactly the one you're looking for and it's ready for immediate delivery right now just about They give you a delivery any to our window this convenient when you're gonna be home any day seven days a week and that 30 day in home comfort trial Which is so important because instead of like having a sleep on a goddamn plastic for like I don't mean sleep like lay down on the store for 10 seconds You get to try your new dollar mattress for up to 30 days to make sure it's the right one for you and your back Pick up the phone right now. You'll be sleeping like a little shy a little as soon as tonight and call dial a mattress tell me an old meal toward you to call 1-800 mattress 1-800-MATTR-ES or check them out on the web at mattress.com For a vain truth that's too big with you today I will be just like you but I It's time to get on your next life I want you to die today I'm running out of rubber and I'm running out of rubber on my time I'm running out of the meat I'm running out of rubber and I'm running out of rubber and I'm running out of grain This leads to no free dot for you but I I I Don't forget Janet couldn't want to first election. We like you Janet you're okay We like your pickup turquoise real snazzy and we like everything about you, but she couldn't want to first election And in Florida that seems to be the run-in for the middle First election right Filmic drive for Democratic candidate for governor because he's got jab on a run, baby He's given in the runs In fact, it's a prize me if they have to get like a whole bunch of your the phony prescriptions for the whole family That's how nervous they are about McBride getting winning Anyway, here's a great facts Neil could you please provide me with the name of the arch gallery that's representing Pansy Ramsey I collect the honey sawd after works of mass murderers, child killers, and asserted social deviance I'm eagerly awaiting OJ Simpson's place as sculptors god bless you sign Steve Kane Excellent very good work also WL who's one of our chronic but the pretty good factors Says George was excellent He's improved the great deal. I like the discussions of the church his repo man anecdotes movie reviews and the nasty dirty Sex though, oh I'm not in love at anniversary media on slot is great depressing and don't forget we're not gonna be doing a Wednesday We're gonna be playing mostly comedy bits all day Wednesday. We'll keep our IP old You know just in case something happens, but nevertheless give you a few laughs instead of getting all depressed I gotta tell you I see those images over and over again. It doesn't mean anything anymore right Also, WL wants to know where did the Sound drop come from the movie the omega man can you please put it on the website? I'm with the scream and the two set of films see that WL unfortunately was looking on that day Not as many days after they started to find in the horrendous thing happen up there in Volka at the incredible building, but what was it called at building? Oh geez. Well whatever that building is where the all the at handboys are printed anyway after Bob Steven's died And they started doing a whole thing with anthrax and I was railing about the fact that it's all we hear about I mean on and on and I Rommisville was speaking and I said you know The last thing we need to hear about again is anthrax Just as I open up the pot and put it on the air heat blur to that out couldn't do it again in a million years one of those wonderful Goal of those you know exactly once in a lifetime moment where the where we're made blurred it out and track right on Q is if I was like directing orchestrating the whole thing Anyway, it says what about the hockey player vinegar? I mean in in in again, love is he worth all the money? Mark fellow pushes lives up here and if he and Andy Roddock practice together and let me watch I'll send this fire report. Okay, which one's got the Tony poor Andy got truss stomped The other day, but that's a way cozo can then of course two old fossils there in the year or final Who cares about that you and care about Tennessee? No, sure you do If there's some hot chick playing you would yes Who wants to see that little monkey Pete Sanford's and had vaulted into and roundry agacy? Oh, they both give me the creeps Donny who's secret plan to save a show see I told you I'd find it I was searching for it. I was scouring and I found it all right Phil Donny who was desperately seeking wacko jacco and other big time celebrities to pump up his pathetic talk show Rainy what did your what his ratings are even worse than Moa Cheswick We're talking the biggest names in show business section politics people like Michael Jackson and In a cool Smith and Bill Clinton says an industry source to hell with his liberal philosophical talk Phil knows he needs to put a spark into which show he's got a secret plan to do it fast And he better do it fast Fewer than a hundred thirty six thousand people nationwide tuned in to see the former talk show kings new MSNBC gap has Donny who That translates anyway pathetic Oh Point one theelson rating that that's the kind of rating we had on whammy We were then not actually Yeah, but this is nationwide Nearly as low as you can get by comparison Donny whose arch rival Bill or Riley don't confuse me with the facts or Riley Grab 1.1 million viewers during the same time period on Fox News So 1.1 million against under 36 thousand Phil's not gonna sit by watch someone like a Riley thump of notes the source, but he realizes he needs a little help at this point Yeah, more than a little he knows he needs to make a big splash to get noticed again and he's got a lot of surprises in store Donny who's 66 changed the face of daytime TV and 67 when his first talk shoot They viewed in date no higher the filled on a huge show soon went into syndication floors for nearly three decades Ending it's run in 1996 But after the six year hiatus he now finding regain a foothold in the formatting practically invented Phil is desperate says another TV insider He can't last long with his ratings in the toilet But the guys the legend who feels he can pull things out when it's up pull it out he's scrambling to call in some favors and we'll come up with big controversial names Who will lock in viewers? But he better act fast because TV execs are even shorter on patients than fillers on viewers There's no telling how much time he's got left on here. How do you like that to his desperate? Please don't do it. So maybe he can get glory all right on there and that bitch from court TV and anti-grace Well, feel amazing grace and maybe Dr. Phil what do you think? Oh? I guess what speaking about nauseous people saline beyond you know It's just amazing to me, but in the national post I will waste the audiences time because they don't care about Canada But haven't I always told you that the biggest problem in this country is that the Canadians have this inferiority complex and then they just can't they not only can't could over But they can't stop talking about it There's a word the front page Under underwear says US makes urgent calls for war and the pictures of condolisa and cheney and pile and rumsle Only 21 cents a candidate has distinct culture And it is a whole thing again about war was us and war was us and we're just like an appendage to you I think they can't stop talking about that So they did a post global poll Okay national post and the global national Network. Yes. Where's that the yeah? Who's the best known Canadians All right for that and the results are the result is saline beyond No one of them not too crazy about Canadians 9.3 percent Michael J. Fox Wayne Gretzky old needle nose Cheney a twin election I had to I didn't even know she was Canadian. I didn't need it well now you know In fact somebody's on this list you wouldn't have known Alice Trabik Sure, hence they now is Trabik. I don't mind him that much but that show and the answer is you like that show Yes, I did it because it's pursue us and is Peter's part Peter Peter's you know it's not it's for idiots Peter Jennings 2.8 percent Mike Myers 2.2 percent now Why would he not have been near the top? I don't know how good more people not know Huh? It's all the question is Canada's produced it's you're a well-known actors politicians and artists Can you name a famous Canadian these are the American responses only 2.2 percent Mike Myers PR2.0 2.2 John Candy 1.8 percent rest in the big fat piece are all AC TV people Canadian And we're how to handle I know and Marie 1.5 percent Jim Carrey Paul Shafer Tom Broka Lauren Green al-Ana's Morris said William Schatter Martin short Brian Adams then equity Pamela Anderson your favorite burn-a-good ladies John Cricin And Tom Green You know a body-hold and make the list you want to know why why because they must not have asked people old people like me Huh? I must be who to handle those money-hall Well, he sure went downhill didn't after they cut that one not other showing the this movie that he's in now the previous run every five minutes No, but he's he's had it he's old news Like no mistake above it From 26 at 560 WQAM let me tell you get about how you become a high-paid computer professional Seagulled by that dead-end job and tell your boss to shove it Right a lot of computer jobs out there waiting with big bucks the question is of course How do you find a good school will give you a detraining and accomplish all these things and say goodbye to that piece of turd you're working for right now There's only one school that's got four convenient locations all over the day and Broward including that spectacular outstanding location in unbelievably congested Kendall there's one school that's got certified Microsoft instructors Convenient day evening and we can classes. There's one school that's got full-time placement the partner with over 30 years experience So they we didn't know what they're doing. They know they're crap and when this school didn't complete your programming get certified just for short months And we're talking about hands-on training so you really know what you're doing You've heard me talk about our friends at fast train for a long time So today is that they finally to get up off your lazy ass pick up the phone and call fast train at least get the information and decide for yourself If you want to move into a very very high-paid career call 1-866 fast train That's one 866 fast train and they'll probably ask you where do you hear about us say Todd rec at QAM told us to call or check them out on the web If you like at fast train.com 25 16 Your K ella J J Yeah, it's a Oh, okay guys got your back remember about that where we're looking for love It's where you're cracked back to finish hell by me and say gee I got love facial hair then a Lovey so make fun don't poke your nose at the queer cake boy lifestyle I chose tough your game jokes and start being silent because you might get a taste of home with sexual violence We don't play your butt my target like a dog in a territory market when you sit with a Ray band We're just lying the pot that we want to get our hands on For the NBA chief set certain Don't you forget it Really all had a hard to swallow You just ran with me just friends with me now slide Right there, let me see you do some weights bang I'm perfect and they drift went That's their babies Oh, hello Tell them what you went in I got a wet dog Oh, gee this ever you are I Somebody have a moit towel Okay, look up come to the crowd Here's a guy So anyway, here's a facemjoin Miami who says rumor has it that Fred Feltz will be in town tomorrow to pick it Hallelujah and pass the offering put you know Fred Feltz. Yeah, I know who that is that crazy bastard from Kansas the Reverend Fred Feltz Of course homo Roger Boundler to funerals of ages of people and all the stuff homophobic champion of the universe Fred Feltz who'll be in town tomorrow And by the way, just because the pool in the Harold says it's this what's that let me point out again right back in 77 because I lived through it the referendum the polls were all even Steven and it got crown So don't get too cocky if I can say that when I say that all you facts out there don't get too cocky but it got in both two feet four times a piece tomorrow just to make sure Anyway, here's one from Julia in Miami. You said did you check out QD pi hunk David car quarterback of Houston Texas? I certainly did Julia excellent choice way cute a better cutie than Brady she says I'm sorry, but You were doing real while until you get to that point see David car is he's pretty damn good, but his nose is like a brain into a wall or something You know we're talking about you guys have like a fly mush down like a put a little bit not real bad, but a little he's no time Brady's okay, though believe me Tonight you get to see Tom Brady start naked on ABC by the way, I like to point out that Al Michaels who was on and how he was yuckin it up with Moch has worked this morning yuckin and yuckin Guess who's one of Al Michaels close to buddies and co workers for many many years on ABC when they were doing through aberg racing Okay, that we talked to three times a year take Johnson right there you go. I just mentioned that in passing oh, is you want to yours? Speaking of Donny, who would just read this dammit. This was a really good show with Moch when we're talking about jibber and I don't know what they want me to read because that's all I got that's all you're facts me. Is there more to what? No, that was it. What what does that mean? I don't think he's gonna read this dammit. This was a really good show with Moch when oh that transcript thing that I really didn't mean to send you the first page of that Oh, it's one of the real long all facts that you can sit through it. Okay. Oh, and that's a long thing. Yes, a long thing. How many pages five Save it for a later. Save it for tomorrow. I don't have time to embark on something like that right kind of cut off in places Well, like I said, let's take a look at it because this is much more important speaking the election tomorrow What bushes aren't McBride is right Dan Moppet in the Palm Beach post which like I said got some pretty good news net and surreal things, but this fourth section blows always He says eight years of bill and Hillary give the nation a bad case of Clinton fatigue now the first symptoms of bush fatigue can be detected You know that even Kathy will suffer from bush fatigue after a few years. Is that what she shaved it off? Yes It says how else to explain the rise of bill McBride in the span of several weeks, Mr. McBride has made the improbable transition from obscure or long shot candidate for governor The surgeon campaigner who draws high purbodies from across the state and across the country U.S. representative Robert Weishley, different credit of Del Ray Beach, one so far this week is to call him the future of the Democratic Party Analyst now say that if you can give the feet Janet Reno and tomorrow's primary It'll mark the greatest upset and Florida political history Mr. McBride's name which was a little on outside Hillsborough County a month ago now appears in front page headlines and leads the evening news The White House is concerned that a loss in Florida's gubernatorial race could be interpreted as a test of the president's prospects for winning re-election in 2004 The Boston Globe said in a recent article about Republican ads targeting Mr. McBride In probable ascension such as this are creatures of timing and context, Mr. McBride is a 57 year old newcomer who has come to the right place at the right time With Bush-partiged palpable both in Tallahassee and in Washington, Mr. McBride offers an allure that is largely biographical Next to nothing about Mr. McBride's background resembles that of Jeb's or W's The stark contrast of his lifestreet without the bushes has captured the affected Democrats They relate as an organic level They see him as a good counter to each bushion evil and the hair at virtue for every intrinsic flaw Amic Bride Yen for every bush Yang in Bill McBride, they believe they found their anti-bush It begins with origins, Mr. McBride grew up north-west of Orlando and Lee's birth son of an air force vet who went to electronics school on the GI Bill and fixed TV's for a living Governor Bush and President George W are products of Connecticut affluence groomed for public office from an early age And transplanted into populous states to extend a political dynasty Mr. McBride attended public schools and through the way town that football plan exceptional student Worked his way through the University of Florida waiting on a hotel tables The bushes attended private schools or Jeb went to the University of Texas and never worried about paying the next tuition bill When the Vietnam War came, Mr. McBride left law school and volunteered for the Marines He became an infantry leader graduate at first in the classroom the Army Ranger School and in Vietnam here in the Brown Star for Valor The bushes spent the war years protecting Texas When Mr. McBride left the service and returned to Florida no empty desk in the family business was waiting There was no family fortune to spend on drilling oil wells no family connections to a career in real estate Mr. McBride worked his way up at Holland and night rising to managing partner When it came time for Mr. McBride to myri he found an independent professional woman with a career at least equal of his own Alex sink the former president of Vancouver, Merckle, Florida They sent their kids to public school and became locally renown for civic activism There was a folklore about him that's distinctly Floridian and impossible to invent or import from other places When he was 10 he cut his head with a machete yet played that night in a little league all-star game for Leesburg He homeworked and ran the bases bleeding as he crossed the plate as a running back for these bird high school yellow jackets Mr. McBride earned the nickname Keraboo for his six foot three frame and bird bruising inside runs Florida coach Ray Graves causes during the town of 15,000 residents when he showed up at McBride's house to recruit him Mr. McBride's leader queried it quickly however when he tore up his knee during one of his first practices He could have kept his football scholarship elected to give it back Coach Graves said the freshman told him that because he couldn't contribute it wasn't right to keep it all the qualities that diehard Democrats find offensive about the bushes The privilege the sanctum only the fall service the success by endowment the bravery brought by proxy are reflected in opposite to Mr. McBride a self made Floridian byography matters in this race for governor. Bill McBride is the anti bush that Republicans have reason to fear how do you like that? Says Dan Mothin in Friday's the Palm Beach post be afraid How do you like them apples huh? I had no idea. Well, I know a little bit more about Bill McBride Now that you're gonna like go on both from 20 or 30 times tomorrow I mean Janet like I said she's a good guy, but you know, let's not seriously let's not get carried away. She couldn't win a one horse race What's waiting in place Hey guys, it's football season and treasure island is celebrating with a special football season kickoff party. This Thursday Friday and Saturday It specials like you've never seen before from treasure island two for one drink specials from eight to ten a free buffet all day from noon till midnight 100 dollar drink tab giveaways and much much more Plus I'll be there Thursday to kickoff the festivities with a special happy hour party from five to seven looking for more Well triple X porn stars though we Britain will be live on stage with her awesome show You have to see this act to believe it of course all day you can feast your eyes on over 50 gorgeous dancers on three stages Treat yourself to a naked friction dance up close and in your face unwind and release all your inhibitions So may plans now to be a treasure island this weekend for their football season kickoff party two for one drink specials from eight till ten a free buffet from noon till midnight 100 dollar drink tab giveaways and our special happy hour parties on Thursday from five to seven only a treasure island just off the Palm North of the 120 second street exit see for yourself why max and magazine voted treasure island south Florida's number one adult club for more info call them at 305 558 2221 We'll see you Thursday starting at five for the best happy hour party in town exclusively at treasure island Fresh Don't like all the hard burn don't go so every time I see The Many Why they want to with President's son's shit Oh what I can do from most once more and get to we go on and on in your arms in your arms in your arms in your arms in your arms in your arms in your arms in your arms in your arms I don't think you'd better kiss me for that for you pull me tight f i'm tire of you steal I think it could be the same person. Have you seen it two of them together? Look at those George's like really appealing to that thing now. How did George do in filling in for Neil this summer? Less than a third. I got to give the thing. What do you want me to do? Just then I talk about it. Four hundred and forty six votes. I don't listen when George is on 147. 32.9% sliding a hair under a third. Excellent job better than ever. 146.3%. Look at that. I mean, realize that almost even Stephen. Good 75. Okay, 44. We've 21 and fair 13. I'm, you know, I made a list here speaking of president and Dumbishment. I made a list of why we went up with presidents like that. Okay. Since 1972, now I'm pretty of course ran in 68 and he lost because he didn't, you know, he didn't this about via nominal was too late, you know, but I'll be Jay. But McGovernon 72, Jimmy Carter in 76 actually won, which was shocking. Water, mondial, Michael Duke Kaka and L. Gors. So if you take Bubba out of there in the two terms that he won, that's what, there's the answer for you. What a, what a group of listless, come, the, all the whole group combined. I got the personality of Joseph Gacky on a bad day. Pathetic. New terror threat to US question mark as CBS news. US intelligence and law enforcement agencies had detected increased chatter. Or communications between known al-Qaeda operatives. Senior officials of told CBS news correspondent Jim Stewart. The official described the chatter as terrorists electronic and internet intercept. Some of which are in the form of morale booster messages like stay tuned. Good news is on the way. Some suggest targets in the United States, others say overseas. Much of the increased chatter is taking place in Afghanistan. It began to spike in volume earlier this week. They suggest an impending attack against the US and it's allies both in American overseas, but contain those specifics as usual. It may possibly be related to the September 9th anniversary of the assassination at Afghanistan of a northern lines leader, which is like today. The threat is non-specific and officials say the increased communications is less intense than a spike that occurred around July 4th, but it's still intense. It is similar, but not quite as serious as the chatter picked up around last July 4th said one official. It was enough, however, for the Pentagon, to immediately resume 24-hour-to-combat air patrol over Washington and New York, something they hadn't planned on doing until next week's Wednesday. This detectives caused US officials to resume combat air patrol for an indefinite period, as well the US embassy in Kabul has been buttoned up. And of course we know that they keep reminding us that the messages we intercepted last year on a 9-10. Yeah, about tomorrow was like D-Day and tomorrow was like two separate messages, but they weren't decoded until 9-12 that they have through. And you want to know one of the reasons they had difficulty in decoding them? I give up. Why? Not enough Arabic speakers. Now, wouldn't you think if this country forget about which administration could they're all guilty? Wouldn't you think that if we were serious about combatting terrorism, every terrorist group on the list, I'm talking not domestic, you know, the skin has them, not talking about them. International terrorist group, almost every single one of them, is from some Arabic country, okay? And wouldn't you think that if we were serious about fighting terrorism that maybe, just maybe we'd have recruited more people to speak for an Arabic? Oh, you're just being silly. And if we're like working on decoding those messages, doesn't it help if we understand what they mean? Well, I mean, no, I realize I'm getting radical now. Getting carried away. Well, you're right. It's back up to a 33.1%. I won't mention it again. Until the end of the show. It's coming up on 10-B-4-1 at 5-60, W-2-Q-M-A-R-A-Hist-Derek, I'll tell you guys, don't get too carried away. And of course, the idea of having a, having a game in the middle of a juhaliday and then playing a little girl's team for the opening. That's why they couldn't sell it out in the channel, was a channel 7-Fox, had a biophermating tickets to get on TV. Another embarrassment for South Florida, but that'll teach them, I guess. I'll tell you guys, and teach a lot about life, and that's my good friend Tom Lehman, that a Hall of Pontiac GMC. They're doing it again. That's what Bob Eisenberg tells me. Zero percent financing is continuing right as I speak. Get yourself zero percent financing up to 60 months with a proof credit from GMAC or it's your choice. Take up to $4,000 rebate, well, on select 2002 Pontiacs or GMC models in stock. You can't be the deals at Hall of, with a stick. And why do they be sure to take a line at the, look at the line? Complete line of GMC gas-guazling SUVs, including the on-void, voter-by-mode trend is SUV VV, the ear-plus. See the all new Pontiac Vibes, you've got the power of a sports car, and probably guzzled gas-like crazy, just like your SUV. Yeah. You're my microvechids, like on a highway 25, 26 miles around town around 20, but they don't sell corvettes at Hall of Pontiac. Halls are also as they use to paint a selection of pre-owned cars, for instance, for utility vehicles, that you can depend on no lemons on that lot. And if some other smuggler did out for credit in the car business, have no fear because Hall of is here, and Tom Lehman and the folks down there will cut you the luggage to no new car or use car or something. So for a great deal on Pontiac and GMC, this is the place Hall of Pontiac GMC where they'll treat you right, and they've been doing good deals for folks for over 35 years, and that's a great location. 134-01-06-2002 highway, that's you, I just want to cross from the falls. Open every day, seven days, we call it Pontiac GMC, we are pro-fessional grade. My, local, we are sports-video-560, you and you, A-M. Youngers too young. The Mad Dog is out of control, and you'll find out why. When you hear the latest release from Blackbuster Entertainment, GMC's Duit, we're out of pride! We're out of speed, we're out of speed, we're out of pride! Here's the Mad Dog, GMC's classic rock. We're just around, we're just around, we're just around. We're just around, we're just around. We're just around, we're just around. We're just around, we're just around. We're just around, we're just around. We're just around. We're just around. We're just around. We're just around. We're just around. At first, GMC made the little big foolish. I know I can't. You're making a horror. But now he said, I like it. The Mad Dog just can't kiss enough for that cottage cheese butt. The D1's made a thing, got plus American, and pasties in the cheese spring up here, I'll do it. You got to go! Everybody know that it's all right. Go, all right. We can do the Mad Dog, think of it. Feel happy. I'll try. I'll try. I'll try. I'll try. I'll try. I'll try. GMC's Duit is available now, it all blocked us through schoolers. All right. We've got a lot of people. We've got a lot of people. We've got a lot of people. We've got a lot of people. We've got a lot of people. We've got a lot of people. We've got a lot of people. We've got a lot of people. We've got a lot of people. We've got a lot of people. We've got a lot of people. We've got a lot of people. We've got a lot of people. We've got a lot of people. We've got a lot of people. We've got a lot of people. We've got a lot of people. We've got a lot of people. We've got a lot of people. We've got a lot of people. We've got a lot of people. We've got a lot of people. We've got a lot of people. We've got a lot of people. We've got a lot of people. We've got a lot of people. We've got a lot of people. We've got a lot of people. We've got a lot of people. We've got a lot of people. We've got a lot of people. We've got a lot of people. We've got a lot of people. We've got a lot of people. We've got a lot of people. We've got a lot of people. We've got a lot of people. We've got a lot of people. We've got a lot of people. We've got a lot of people. We've got a lot of people. We've got a lot of people. We've got a lot of people. We've got a lot of people. We've got a lot of people. We've got a lot of people. We've got a lot of people. We've got a lot of people. We've got a lot of people. We've got a lot of people. We've got a lot of people. We've got a lot of people. We've got a lot of people. We've got a lot of people. We've got a lot of people. We've got a lot of people. We've got a lot of people. We've got a lot of people. We've got a lot of people. We've got a lot of people. We've got a lot of people. We've got a lot of people. We've got a lot of people. We've got a lot of people. We've got a lot of people. We've got a lot of people. We've got a lot of people. We've got a lot of people. We've got a lot of people. We've got a lot of people. We've got a lot of people. We've got a lot of people. We've got a lot of people. We've got a lot of people. We've got a lot of people. We've got a lot of people. We've got a lot of people. We've got a lot of people. We've got a lot of people. We've got a lot of people. We've got a lot of people. We've got a lot of people. We've got a lot of people. We've got a lot of people. We've got a lot of people. We've got a lot of people. We've got a lot of people. We've got a lot of people. We've got a lot of people. We've got a lot of people. We've got a lot of people. We've got a lot of people. We've got a lot of people. We've got a lot of people. We've got a lot of people. We've got a lot of people. We've got a lot of people. We've got a lot of people. We've got a lot of people. We've got a lot of people. We've got a lot of people. We've got a lot of people. We've got a lot of people. We've got a lot of people. We've got a lot of people. We've got a lot of people. We've got a lot of people. We've got a lot of people. We've got a lot of people. We've got a lot of people. We have to wait until we have somebody in there who is like in the pocket of all those good right wing Christians. That's right. I forgot we have this bias against Christians and I mean you know that's what Governor That's right. That's you. That's right. Me and all the other people would have brain. Who don't want you? Anyway, here's the final total before we leave today because this is a very important poll today. The future of this show depends on it. Doesn't it? No. Georgia's future in the radio business depends on the outcome of this poll. No. No. And all the friends of whether I'm a what's the chance work. It's all been out of shape again. Maybe he'll call up Charles Humor and like give them right to that story. What do you think? No. No chance because even he would be too embarrassed to admit that the whole Snip was about him trying to get you fired over a bunch of silly Childish emails even more would be too embarrassed for that. But don't forget, I'm bad and the mad dog's bads and for his bad Westwood one, they're bad, they're classless. And it's the whole world against the most casual baby. He want kids. That whatever it is he wants. What does he want? 473 votes on the poll. How does a jord? How did George do filling in for Neil this summer? How do we be doing? How do we be doing? I don't listen when George is not 161. Back to 34% I think you're right. Excellent job better than number 153. Just changing again. Good. 76. Okay 46. We 23 and fair 14. Mad dog by the way give you very high marks. I love him. Huh? Now seriously when I was down there he came in and went out of his way to say. I've said anything but George did a sensational job this summer. Man, oh man does he give good hit. Bye bye. I've got two sets of rent. We will return to regular programming momentarily on wqm.com. Until then here's the best of sports radio 560 qam is Bobby Bethert. Join the hammer Hank Oberg on Monday August 5th. Bobby, straight to get a chance to talk with you and it's great that you're back at football. How are you doing? Hank, I'm fine.