Now the Neil Ragechow on 560 WQAN! I have my nose up, Neil's ass. You've seen the trial on CNN. Now the TV movie America's been waiting for. Ralph and Ellis Cremden Star has John and Lorina Buffett in low hurts. I'm warning you, John. Don't push me too far! That's a laugh, Lorina. I'm the king in this castle, the K-I-N-G King. I'm the one with the penis in this house. Look, I'm tired of talking. I had a hard day driving a bus. Now I'm going to take a nap and I don't want to be disturbed. What was that? Ah, she cut my penis off! Hey, Johnny Boy, what's all the screaming in here? Help me, Norton. She cut it off! Good y'all from 6 a.m. I don't have anything that's sex with! You gotta get me to a hospital. Any hospital, hurry! Hey, Johnny Boy, look if you had that animal clinic was right down the street. I see, you think I'm lucky, huh? You think I'm lucky, do you? Well, take a look at this, Norton. Who's wrong with that? I think that elephant's tongue looks good like you down there. Oh, you do, huh? Hand me that playboy. Hey, Johnny Boy, go to peanut. John Wayne Pobbett, who's 1993 maiming at the hands of his then wife made him famous, was arrested last night on a battery domestic violence charge. Bob of Kate notoriety is a victim of a domestic attack in which his penis was cut off. Oh, right! It was transported to the Las Vegas City jail after police responded to a 911 call from Woolman's thing of his home. The reporting party was a woman who called us and was then disconnected, Sergeant Christopher Darcy of the Vegas Metropolitan Police Department told CNN, we called back and determined a domestic disturbance was underway. The woman indicated she'd been thrown to the ground and sustained a broken tail bone and finger he said. Bob of it was arrested as home around 10pm, then transported to the jail. The female victim was transported to do some of the Las Vegas for treatment. Bob of the former Marine Mary Joanna Ferrell last March on the 35th birthday in Vegas, police would not say whether the woman involved in the dispute was his wife, or not, or might be, or maybe not. Bob of it was thrown into the National Spotlight in 1993 when his then wife Lorraine, Abobod, severed his penis while he slept with an eight-inch carving knife. You call that a penis? Lorraine Abobod then drove away tossing the penis out of her car window. Have you ever really stopped to envision that? I often. I never had before. I always tell this moment till I read that sentence. I never really dawned on me. See her sitting in the car driving and holding the penis in her hand. Do you remember an interesting story? That a long time ago. She said, oh, I realized I had it with me and I didn't want to have it with me, so I threw it out the window. Right. Well, I guess, you know, it's kind of ordinary when you're driving around a car, you have like a disconnected penis in your hand. Sometimes you're own, I guess. A search ensued to locate the missing member which eventually was found and surgically be attached, the member that is. The incident led to a trial where Lorraine Abobod was found innocent by reason of insanity, during her testimony she tearfully described her life at the hands of a abusive abrasive obnoxious husband. In a separate trial, Abobod was acquitted of sexually assaulting his wife after successful surgery to reattach his penis, Bob had made appearances on the Howard sperm show and made a number of adult films. Probably in different parts in segments. In 1997, Abobod moved into Vada where he worked in a brothel and is a bartender in Toto truck operator. He's doing it, baby. He's got the old mop out. He's working at the old Vegas arcade. Oh, there's a false all-estreet. I just didn't get in town. You've got to see this as if there's no doubt. It's where the check-off is once the game's all about. Yeah. Yeah. As I'm on this game, it's here. There's a little bit of a game. I guess that's a difference. Hey! Then the round of the choice should be something that will probably. Okay, I can't wait for the next one. I'll get these guys. Oh, oh! Oh! It's on your bucket, man. It's so second bowl. And it's basically crazy now. Oh, black. Oh, nothing. And game seven. Oh! Yeah, needless to say this town is on fire, baby. Not literally. This town is smoking. They're out on the street corner smoking it. Make no mistake about it. Last night, Leafs shut it out. Ottawa, what a ballsy performance. Like I said yesterday, of course, I realized that hockey down there is a four-boughton subject. It's only the Stanley Cup play-offs. Why would you want to be talking about that? But I do notice two facts is already. Thousands of people all over the city. Last night on the street, talking to horns to one-two in a morning. It was great. These are people with passion who really care about something. Anyway, here's a facts from Rick who says how about that Leafs, baby. Bring on Detroit and bring that cup to Toronto. Says Anabasaki, fan trying to beat your level of fandom. Gotta long way to go, Rick, but thank you so much. And here's another one of our chronic facts. He says it was all hard at the hangar last night, baby. Go Leafs go. Gotta be tough in Carolina. They're healthy. They got the, they scored 80 million goals a game. They're tough. They could be the dark horse. Carolina Hurkuhun's, bubble-seem. Their good news is they played a first game tomorrow night, but then the second game isn't until Sunday, cause they got a couple like rodeo's and track your poles and stuff like that in Raleigh. So let's like two days extra rest could be mad Sunday and they're on Sunday wouldn't surprise me. But without seven regulars in the line up the last two games and 13, 13 players injured during the playoffs. This team, Gary Roberts, Allen McCalley, Alexander McGillney, who's one of my favorites, by the way, he's great. It comes through when it counts the most and Kujo of course was great, even with a broken hand. Nice, God boys. Anyway, no George is excited about that. I'm thrilled. What are you talking about? Oh, speaking of excitement, we got some heavy, do-do-do stuff going on. Don't forget about this. That wasn't for the hockey game. That was for the appearance. Join Joe and Mark the dirty boys overnight. Right now as a matter of fact, now to 11 o'clock at the Dunkin' Donuts, we were hoping to get into crispy cream but they didn't want the guys. So there were the Dunkin' Donuts at 399 South State against the World Seven and McGill is there too, by the way. If you wanna see somebody who looks pretty good, that's just a half-mile soft Atlantic Boulevard, stop by and try to win some prizes. That's with Joe and Mark at Dunkin' Donuts in Margate this morning from 9 o'clock from now to 11. Did I do that right? Yeah, perfect. And then of course, George has gotten the parents' Saturday, but we'll talk about that later. I don't want to get bogged down on that stuff. And also, PD Lenny, if you're listening, don't try to stick 85 commercials in the promo for the George's appearance or anybody else's either. And ain't got to work on his show, okay? If it was up to our sales department, all we would do is sit and read promos and mix in the name of their sponsors over and over and over and over and over. And I'll put that crap already, huh? PD, you pan in the ass and don't call her again, ever, please. Boy, anyway, our poll yesterday, I kind of enjoy the way this is going. Now, I totally have how we're gonna do it today, George. I got it. Yesterday, we took the top 17 TV guys, started this whole thing and I know we've done this before, but it's good for killing some time and it's a lot of fun. They did the thing of the top 50 TV shows of all time and by the way, I checked their poll on their website, which is tvguide.com slash 50th. And there's no similarity whatsoever between a result on their poll. It's still, but ends is a runaway winner and then second is Buffy the Vampire Slayer. But in their list, of course, it was signed, felled, I love Lucy, Honeymoon's all in the family's of panels, et cetera. So yesterday, we took the top 17 from their top 50 list and then we tossed in 33 others that we came up with the audience called in. And we took our poll, we got 845 votes, which is when I, that's what I printed it down, anything else for get about it. Forget about it. So we'll take the other 33 of the top 50 today, we'll add 17 to that, which will give us another 50 for Eric to have to worry about putting on there. And we'll do that by facts, I'm not taking any calls today. We don't have to put Robert to all that, you know? Or anybody else for that, man. Don't you think that's a good idea? We'll just let them facts us because we only need 17. Right, that should be like sliding off a log, don't you think? Easily. And then we'll have another list of 50. So we'll do that in today's poll when we get it up. And then we'll do after tomorrow, we'll take the top like 20 or 25 from each day. And we'll put them on there for the next poll. For tomorrow, follow what I'm saying. Is it my going too fast? No, I'll write it all go in. And then we'll, because then they'll all be different ones we'll take like 50 there. And then we'll come up with our top 20, not top 50. Like I was saying yesterday, how do you determine between like number 43 and 44, you know? When you get to that point, it becomes so picky and so stupid. And we don't want to be stupid on this show, okay? So we'll just pick our top 20 based on those 50 that we put on there for tomorrow's poll. That'll be the final poll. So here's how it came out yesterday. All in the family, 156. Sign fill 115, which George thinks is bogus. I don't think so, I think you're wrong, but. Okay, why did you say that? Because it was a pulling away really quickly in the beginning, the votes were coming in in chunks. Like they do when it's a bogus kind of thing. That didn't think it would do well. Chunks, bro! A sign filled 115, the Simpsons 106, those three heads and shoulders ahead of everybody else. Now there was nobody else even close, at least in this bunch. The soprano's 42, which is a far cry from 106, tonight's show will done a Carson 39, a honeymooners 36, speaking of John Bobbett. I love loosely in my mevice tight next with 30, Osborne's 25, Saturday night live 22, South Park 21. Hill Street Blues at 17 vote. 60 minutes in soapy ched 14, leave it in beaver and Benny Hillie ched 11. Pied with Nyan, O'Sire Robert, Pied with Nyan, Hawaii 50, Barney Miller, Mission Impossible, Andy Griffith Show, and Alpha Nitchcock Presents. Carol Burnett Show and Kojak and Dick Van Dykeshoey ched 7, Colombo and Dallas and Steve Allen showey ched 6. Can you believe the Jefferson's only head 5, but I frost my fat ass, you know it? Can you believe that? I believe it. Well, I'm not gonna say it, but yeah, I believe it. Jefferson's later with David Letterman, Perry Mason, little house on the Prairie and Monkeys each head 5. Speaking of Prairie Mason, I'll tell you about Raymond Burr, who was on biography last night. What about? Have I for years, have I for years, that he was gay, have I told you that? No. Perry Raymond Burr? I don't remember you talking about him. Not only did they talk about that, it lengthen biography with Harry Smith last night on A&E, but also they had his 38, his life long companion of 38 years, who was with him right until he died. I had a lot of, he claimed to have been married three times Raymond Burr and two of them turned out was bogus and one way lasted a few weeks. And then he also claimed to have been a hero like an anavey, but the anavey has no records of never been in there. So he like, you know, he was a great guy and all this other stuff, and we loved Perry Mason, that Buch Macho Perry Mason, but it turns out that he was, you know, I'm not a con. Remember? I just mentioned that for any of you who he was there thinking to go out there and buy some of those old, Raymond, uh, Perry Mason and Iron Side episodes on tape forget about that. Not much enough for you guys. He was gay, Raymond Burr. What does that have to do with anything? Oh, that's right. Perry Mason had only a five. How about Iron Side? Do they have any? Or do I already do that? We did we didn't put that on there? No, it's not on you. Well, that's a good one for today. Don't you think now that we heard he's gay, that, that should sink him. 12 minutes after 9 at 5, 60, WQM are a great day, man, for the Irish and the Glamon everybody else, the son is shining for the first time in four days here. People are out there honking it. They got the blue and white going all over their, recto bodies. Course down there, the son is not only shining, but it's like, is it another one of those sunny days when it's gonna be 100 degrees in the shade? Yes, that's the one. Although the wind, yes, today afternoon and evening, for about how long. Like an hour or two. Wow. Excellent. Actually, to cool the weather, what about 92? Well, let's gonna be spits in all summer long. I'll tell you that right now. An oleumet is one part of it. We'll make you feel your best and keep you in a pink and good health, even during the inseparable heat during the summertime and sound soda. Oleumet is a soft tail capsule that contains pharmaceutical grade olive oil along with vitamins and minerals and herbs to promote health for your prostate, for your heart, for your blood pressure, for your cholesterol. Oleumet's also got supplements to promote health in your circulatory system. Your digestive, your entericin system, your skin and bones, even your mind, all used mid benefits of the best olive oil under the sun. An oleumet's got products for men and for women as well. Oleumet's available right now at Walgreens, Whole Food, Markets, and Viral Pharmacy and Sedanos as well. It's a stupid, pennest new product and it's helped thousands of South Floridaans stay healthy. So if you want to get more information about it, just call them at that toll free number. 866 Oleomet. That's 1-866-OL-E-O-M-E-D. Or you can also order the products on the internet. Their website is... 1-866-OL-E-M. Spiderman and Sage Cheese. This is a rather rubbish and... No, it's not an ordinary bitch. Whatever it is. For the Delaware-Locco-I'm Rodgash-Cole. If you want to cook, if you want to cook, in the Glamorous World of Rodgash, you've got to like sports. Be a little bit of a writer, ten o'clock. No, you can always be an intern. Why? You want to be a disjacking? Yeah, all you will hear this and all you got to do is write me a jack or firebread. And I'll say, here's a goddamn enough weapon. And like, boof, they are broadcasting. And remember, they don't call it broadcasting where cock and a broad. They usually fat and look like Richard Mason. They show it, they say, the Delaware-Locco-I'm Rodgash. Boof, get her. Go to the land there and something. 918-560-WQ. I'm not going to get joined George this Saturday, 2-4. At Fort Harley Davidson, what is it? Fort Lauderdale-Holly Davidson. Big sale going on with Fierrelli Reynolds just for stopping in. At Fort Lauderdale-Holly just out the open part of our federal highway. 2-4 with George and I'm assuming we get on this Saturday? Yes, correct. And free food. And yellow will be there too because he likes to free food and somebody's got to be there who looks good. Anyway, here is the what we're going to do, George. We're going to print out the list that you got there to make it very simple. I did. As of like this moment, as of during that break. Okay. And like countdown, like 25, we'll take the top 25 from that list and then like set it aside. Don't lose it, set it aside. All right. And then we'll save that for Rodgash. You follow what I'm saying? I'll take this 25 after we finish here with what we're going to do today. Now I'm going to put, we'll do iron side because simply because Raymond Burr was gay. So why don't I put it on there? Plus they'll get a voter too, right? A voter too. A voter too. Well, I mean, okay. So here's the other. I'll read you the other 33. Yesterday with the top 17 from the TV guide top 50. And again, I'm sure they must have picked these out of ahead. I mean, some of them are okay. Sign fell B number one. I can understand who they're pandering to. You know, and I love loosely the same thing. Honeymooners. But the idea that all on the family was number four on the list, we just didn't sit right with us. And then the fact that Andy Griffith was number nine, unacceptable. Mary Tyler Moore number 11, Dick Van Dyke number 13, And today show you see how many votes today show had an arse by the way. I think of that one. I'm looking. It's way at the bottom. One. One vote. In fact, let me tell you the ones that had one vote. Drag net eight is enough, but it only got one. I guess one is enough. Today show one can in one and studio one one one. And don't forget we're number one. But, and I can understand that because like I said yesterday, First of all, today show is a, you know, it's a, like a service show. It's crap. And put there've been so many incarnations of it back from the original, but they've gear way in the chimpanzee and all those go in to Joe Dodgila and other boring amount of hour that nobody knows what that means. How can you say that today show and then rate it? It's stupid. So they got that is number 17. So that's what we drew the line yesterday probably for more reasons than one. So here are the other 33 that'll be on today's list. Plus the other 17 we stick on her. Like I said, plus the other 16 after iron side. Cheers. That'll get some votes. How much of time jick about for cheese? 30 something. Same elsewhere. Friends. ER. Nightline. How can we a break? Night freaking line? This is the TV guide list. Keep in mind. One order. Mesh. The twilight zone. Sesame Street. Oh, you see how do you do the also only got a couple of votes? Yes, I saw that. Nobody remembers it. Sorry. How do you do the head only four votes? That's baloney. Nobody remembers it. They don't. We've got plenty of old farts out there. They just don't have computers. Did they even replay it on anything? How do you do the? Yeah. Where am I? Cos we show with number 28. Donna Hugh. Your show shows which was Sid Seasor. Did offenders which I have no idea what the show was. Did we decide what that was? The defenders? It's some. Yeah. Law show. No. I don't know. Crack. American family which we still don't know what that show is. Playhouse 90. Frasor. Roseanne. Just nauseating. The thing that you could be on the top 50 of anything above that obnoxious fat broad pigs. The fugitive. The expiles. The Larry Sanders show which I think they're ought to be a congressional investigation to see what that's all about. Don't you think you're a shandling must have naked pictures of the people of TV guy? It must have. It was guys ought to watch it. The Harold. Larry Sanders was okay. One of the best 50 shows in the history of television better than some of the other things that are on the list certainly. Better than Batman? No. Which I saw Batman yesterday afternoon coincidentally just by, you know, a lot of the great channels we got here that you don't have. Sorry. The Tom Larry Sanders show 38 rockford files. Oh, he was also a gun smoke. Buffet the vampire slayer. Number 41 on their list of TV guy. But number 2 in the public voting on their website. Rowan and Martin's laughing. Bananza 43 which is number 1 on the voters on their website. Bob Newhart show which I have no idea. Another guy would naked pictures. Just very boring shows. So low key. You could take a good nap. Twin Peaks. Star Trek the next generation. We thought we were going to be a big fan of the show. Apparently. Taxi. The Oprah Winfrey show with Big Fad. Oh, God. Number 49 and be witched. Number 50. Now the fact that those two are like next to each other. Just stop and think of the lovely wonderful list but the Montgomery on be witched. And he'll punish that show. Yes. And then stop and think of that big fad disgusting. Oprah and her friend Dr. Phil, which during channel surfing yesterday. Yeah, he was all right. I saw him on her again again and again and again and again. And he says nothing. He has nothing to say. He yelped pretty good. Oh my God. Like you said, fat shut in women all across America. There must be millions and millions and millions of them. I sure hope they're at least getting out of the house to go buy the books that she's always recommending is opposed like ordering them through Amazon.com or something. Just sitting in the house in their computer. I doubt it though. Fat shut in women. Millions of them watch in fat Oprah. And Dr. Phil. Are you sure? Positive. So that's what we're going to need is 16 more. And then we'll fill out today's 50 list because we already got those last 33. I don't think anybody's following this but that's okay. Just trust us all right. Well let you know when the when a high sign is up. I got 34 counting iron times up. Right. Okay. So we only need 16 more to make 50 is that what I just said only moments ago since you're so argumentative and I think maybe Moes got a point. Just calm down. So if you want to fax us some suggestions you can do that 305 6500198. I mean 16 we ought to be able to do that like by 11 o'clock. I would think when you easily. Now. Survey says as Richard Dawson would say how come that's not on there? How come there no game shows on there? How come the price is right is not on there? Which I notice now they're doing a prime time thing. They're doing a prime time price is right on CBS because that shows so popular still even after all these years. And barbaca just turned 120. And rod rod he came back again from Thailand with some more of those silk suits and people are starting to ask some questions about that. Maybe you saw father shambly over there rod. But anyway survey anti drug ads ineffective. They were screaming about this on crossfire last night. President Bush's top drug policy in Fines is says the government's anti drug ads largely are being ignored by teens. And a survey finds no evidence the multi-million dollar campaign is discouraging drug use. How do you like that? Surprised? The survey can... The wasting billions dollars more of our money is what it boils down to. The survey conducted by the private research firm Westette University of Pennsylvania actually charted an increase in drug use among some teenagers who saw the TV ads. But it noted that further analization was necessary before the ads could be directly tied to the increase. Right. The White House's drug policy office headed by John P. Walters at the ad campaign must be refocused. Hocus pocus, let's do a refocus. These ads aren't having an impact on teenagers at Tom Rally, a spokesman for the White House drug policy office. We've spent millions on these ads and we're not seeing a return on our investment. The ads are part of a five-year campaign devised by some of the nation's best-owned public relations firms. The evaluation is based on the survey of youth ages 12 to 18 between September 1999 and December 2001. The survey did not reflect the effectiveness of the new ads that linked drug use to funding terrorism. Parents were also surveyed about ads persuading them to be more involved in their kids' lives. Those interviewed were shown the commercials on a laptop computer that teenagers then answered questions about their intentions to use drugs in the next 12 months. And you're going to use some drugs punk by the way we're keeping track of all of this. We're going to come in bus to your ass. The survey revealed noter Klein in the red drug use among those surveyed, but 80% of the parents have viewed the ads aimed at them were positively influenced by the fact that their child questioned about their social lives and become more involved and see if they wanted to share their weed. Why the commercials are not having an effect on teenagers as unclear, but the survey suggests it's not that the ads don't make an impression. According to the survey, 70% of teenagers remember seeing the ads about once a week. The anti-drug ads are designed to approach teenagers on their own turf, offering electric guitar and skateboarding as cool alternatives to a generation 2 complex 4, just say no, Nancy. Just say no to that little red dress we'd art, people are starting to laugh all over their ass. And what a silly little statue you look like, Nancy, you're a silly person. How can we don't have GE Electric Theatre on it? It used to be hosted by Ronald Reagan that would make Garabber happy. Should we put that on there? No, just say no. Ronald Reagan, don't make any difference at this point I guess. 926 at 560 WQM, don't forget to join Joe and Mark and Miguel. There were there at that duck and don't as 399 South State Road 7 just to have outside the landing bullet mark. Stop by and try to win some crappy QM prices say how to the boys. And that's it. Duck and don't as in Margade to a lot of the clock this morning. Here's a simple question for a simple people of somebody offered to give you several thousand dollars over the next few years. Would you accept it? I'm sure you wouldn't. That's sure he would too. No matter how much he's making, it'll be foolish not to which makes it really stupid to pass up a chance to refinance or buy a home at only 3.95%. Here's the deal. There's a fanty made program available 3.95% for both refinancing and purchasing of homes thick about it. Just 3.95% and already have to do is make one easy call. Call financial group toll free 1-89-4-053-63. That's 1-89-4-053-63 to be more specific. You can get yourself 100 grand repayments of only $1,75 or get yourself $200,000 of payments of only $950. Really foolish to pass up a chance to save $1,000 like this. So do the math into the next logical thing if the details by calling financial group toll free. It's 1-89-4-0-0-0-0. That's 1-89-4-053-63. The renequal housing letter, greater restrictions do apply in rates of sub-2-2. From Mark Lains to the average is underway in silver on SportsReneal 5-60. This is your brain. This is your brain on drugs. This is your brain being chopped abits by a finely-honed meat peaver. This is your brain in a plender. And this is your brain being stirred into a big pot of chili. Brains, real food for real people. I gave the command to kill thousands of innocent people. I said fill her up. I helped raise money to buy explosives for a suicide bomber, but it was just so I could drive to my in-laws for Thanksgiving. I helped ship rocket launchers to Islamic fundamentalists in the Philippines, but it was only good fun. It was just cruising to the beach. I helped provide cash to train terrorist gorillas, but all I was doing was topping off my tank before my ski trip. If you think your addiction to using gasoline in your car isn't causing any harm, think again. Because the money you spend to feel your tank eventually goes to fill the pockets of terrorists. I gave the command to kill thousands of innocent people. And all I had to say was fill her up some other public service announcements, want to blame terrorism on drug addicts. But we want to let people know that it's gasoline that fuels terror. So whether you're sticking a straw in your nose or a nozzle in your tank, you're part of the problem. I was just out for a Sunday drive. It's not like I was hurting anyone. This message provided by the Council on Displacing the Blane. It's there, fall. It is 93.5.60WQM. Don't forget we got your rose for mad dog, who's in Ireland for whatever reason we don't all probably drinking a few green and the red and purple lizards. We got Hank at three. You got your retocard heart ball with the embarrassing humiliating crow at seven o'clock, which nobody in the world can believe he's still on the air. Then you got the pregame show at eight thirty to south Florida baseball team, which won again last night. Even though nobody cares, they're playing a rockies in Denver at 905. The big, oh, we're ready, Kay had midnight and enjoyed Mark the dirty boys overnight, who are right now waiting for you with Dunkin Donuts. And I promote that enough, you think? I think so. More than enough, if you ask me. I wish they were crispy cream, but you know, it's only QA. I'm in the best we can do. Anyway, let me give you like, because I don't think, are you getting any facts? Is yet, ah, not about this. No. About our pool? Correct. Well, we need to come in right now. What's coming in right now? I'm in side is 34. Prices right is 35. Don't you think that belongs on there? Definitely. I mean, it's no nightline, but it's the best I can do with the moment. How about some of the more current shows? Why can't they be on there like West Wing? That's a very popular show. Or something. Or something. That's somebody. Well, I got there right there. I have it written down as a matter of fact. You psychic bastards. In fact, why not start your own thing? The psychic bastard networks sounds like a good skim. That is clear right out of business. The psychic bastard network. Screw those. Yeah, we're about in faster. But we're psychic. How do you like that? Well, anyway, it's going to happen. West Wing 36, model 37. So see, may just find our own, maybe we can creep up to the 50 that we need for today's list without worrying too much. Because I'm not taking calls again today. I don't want to get in the habit of that. That was okay yesterday and it was fine. And we only had one goofball, which is just great. So you got upset about that. I think, you know, a little bit of that's okay. Just not too much. Speaking of not too much, I'm going to tell you somebody who really makes me want to puke while there are many people. But Maria Bartarromo. I'm convinced beyond a shadow of a doubt that she and in fact, I think there ought to be another congressional investigation to her. 65 to 75. Yeah, that bitch. She's a, she's got to be a shorty. And I'm not talking about her height either. I'm serious. Because she does everything in her power. Even yesterday, we got this humongous rally going on. And some of us are saying, oh, thank God, finally two days in a row and three out of five or whatever it's been. And the Dow is zooming up there and even the Nasdaq's having a really good day. And she's going on a 20 after three. I made no to the time. She's going on about, well, the Dow's up on 28. It points, but I'm relatively light-body and my moderate at best. And then she mentions the Nasdaq's up 66, but she doesn't put out that even by three 20, there was already over two billion shares, which is heavy duty for the Nasdaq by three 20 with 45 minutes to go. And I've noticed, oh, that's not her. She's not even down there today. But anyway, I've noticed all the time. Just like when she used to do this thing, the dis-brows do now in a morning when she was down on a floor hyperventilating and jumping up and down like Rumble still skid in heat. Maria Bartarromo with his huge bags under her eyes. She was always doing that thing. The market could be down like 50 cent the Dow, or like the Nasdaq down 25 cent. And she said, oh, it's coming in a pressure pressure. And she had that way of saying it, that just made you want to squirm and crap in your pants. And immediately called your broker and sell everything. I think there needs to be an investigation into Jim Cramer. No question about that on CNBC. And also Maria Bartarromo in the bags under her eyes. There ought to be a goddamn Congress ought to be right there right now. Grille in that bitch. Not drilling, grilling. Who would drill that bitch? God. Maria, you look so lovely today. You should live so long. By the way, speaking of people who look lovely. Oh, look at that. Which celebrity never graduated from college or ask an Steven Spielberg, Sandra Bollock or Dan Rather? Well, I'm sure it's not what's in Danny Boy. I would say my guess is Steven Spielberg. Yes. That's what Robert's guess is, too. Okay. Well, let's see. You see, and then we'll come back with the answer on that. Certainly wasn't Danny Boy, rather. You think? No. By the way, what's the frequency Tommy? Here's one of our chronic facts. You see, when I was a kid, I thought I was the best show in the world was time tunnel. I believe you mentioned none of your occasions. Yes, but not as far as the best show any answer that one is. Also used to like the FBI. What's wrong with that? That's not a bad suggestion. If we're in the bottom of the Junior, which I played the theme song to the other day, we didn't have that on their delivery. Not yet. The FBI number 38. I love this. This is going to be a piece of cake. It won't be real time consuming like yesterday. Because we're taking the last 33 of the TV God group and putting them on there. Brady Bunch. Didn't we already try that? It wasn't on yesterdays. Are you sure? I got the list right here. We didn't put the Brady Bunch on our list. Well, first of all, anybody who says the Brady Bunch was the best TV show of all time needs mental help anyway. Okay? And Gilligan's Island. And even on his back, this is when I was real young. I like Gilligan's Island. Right. Like about three, maybe. I don't think either one of those qualified for the list. You know, Brady Bunch. Starsky and Hutch. No. Mashed. Mashed is already under. It's number 25, I think. Is it? On the TV guy list? Oh, it was on this. Yes, it is. What a memory. What a memory like a steel trap, baby. And Superman. We didn't put Superman on there. Why the hell not? If we had Batman on there, which had a few votes, how many did Batman get on our pool? Let's take a look. Batman didn't do too well. It had not much for. Wow. So let's give Superman a shot, huh? 39. That's number 39. So now all we need is 11 more. And I'm sure we'll come up on the fact machine 305 65.0198. Robert got any that we've left out? Wake up, Robert. Streeza San Francisco. That's a good choice. Excellent. I like streets of San Francisco even though George is like it because he don't like detected in cop shows. That's a very good moment. Carl Molder when his nose was really big. Streeza San Francisco. And Michael Douglas before he thought he became a sex pod. Okay, that's 40. See where Molder and right along here. Let's just like follow off a log. And then we'll stick this 50 up there. I'm saying like by 10 o'clock, I think we'll have 50. Don't you? Probably. And then you can pack some off the air. And we can't go to the Zin in votes on it. And then we'll have the vote off tomorrow. And we won't even have to worry about compiling anything because we'll have Molder just take the top 25 from each day. Well, if somebody facts me a great column from the New Yorker from the Marchi 18th Mag and New Yorker magazine who done it to department the Antherax culprit, I'm going to read that in a minute. Because I don't have time to start it right now. I'm quite that better do the break. Did you read it before you factored to me? Nope. Outstanding. Aggravating. Almost disaggregating is that little bitch Maria Bartiroma. Hey Maria, everybody. You're like, boys, no, okay. We know you're shorting a market. You were shorting it. You're a short bitch. You damn this. It's not a pressure. It's not a pressure. I'd like to see you under pressure, okay. I'd like to see who are in the time tunnel going back to about, Oh, whenever the hell they were having a witch hunt, in the 18th century. Sounds good. Is now when they were doing them in Salem? 17th. What did I just say? 18th, 17th century. Like you just said. 20 till 10 at five, 60. What's out of the line? No, about Salem. I do know Salem, New Hampshire. The fucking ham park is, or at least it used to be a harness track, then it was a dog track. I think it's like a speedway. Send your cussed up there to a rock ham park see what they're doing. They're going around and around, waiting for somebody to crash. Hey, if you want to spectacute or meal in a great atmosphere, Armored O.K.F.A. is a place I guarantee you're going to love. This is a no-brainer. I mean, when you walk in that door and sit down and taste their food, you're going to save one and he'll know this as food that fat bastard. Armored O.K.F.A. is more than just another restaurant. They'd become an institution in Southland. Now they're in a brand new location, even better than ever. These to be their on-davy road extension in Davy, but now, there are 3,400 South University drive just south of 595 between 595 and Griffin Road. In prestigious Davy in the same places the world famous pizza lock, lots of food parking right PNP are one imports. The food of the Armored O.K.F.A. is sensational. Start out with an appetizer like the Tequila Grilled Shrimp with Corncakes, or try the Tempor Island Princess Conk. Order one of their terrific spinach salads with glazed pecans or the pistachio-cracked and mozzarella salad with lemon basal dressing. The enthrases are prepared with the best and freshest ingredients. Try the pan-sugar yellowtail snapper with roasted peppers, or the sea bass with sweet corn and veal glaze. A lot of places claim to be gourmet, but believe me Armored O.K.F.A. is the real thing, the real deal. And also be sure and choose from dozens of mouthwatering enthrases on a big menu and for desserts, sample the Armored O.K. or warm chocolate fritters covered in hot fudge. You'll send your blood sugar up to at least 700. Call the Armored O.K.F.A. for reservations 9-5-4-4-4-2-3-9-9-59-54. 9-5-4-4-2-3-9-59-54. Photo one of the best restaurants in Broward for the past 14 years in a row, which is a major accomplishment to say the least. Armored O.K.F.A.F.A. is a small free. There's plenty of free parking like I just had only moments to go, as well as complimentary valley. Parking check them out on the website at armoredolkaffa.com. And be sure and tell them that old Neil Sencey-Buy, they'll take great care of your eat like a king and queen at Armored O.K. Armored O.K.F.A.F.A. I just want to contract them. The best thing in the best interest to the goal. We're next to ten on Sports Radio 5-60. You ain't in. You're up there. Next month in penthouse magazine. Take it pictures of the Celine Dion. Mr. Good morning Mr. Go Gianni. Yeah, well you got it. I've got a naked picture of Celine Dion. Let me see. Look at this, I took it in the warm one and was Vegas. Don't you have a big nose in that. Maybe. I'll tell you what, big nose and run it. Make it pictures of share. Mr. Go Gianni. Yeah, what I think I got a big sushi. That's a man. Yeah. Run it. Naked pictures of Kelly Rippa. Look, look, look, look, look, look. Hi, what do you got this time? Kelly Rippa. Nude. Ooh. Better than her. Yeah, yeah, look, look, look. Look at the face. Look at the eyes. Look at the eyes. It looks nothing like a run it and die in soar. Take a look at this one, Mr. Go Gianni. I got the chick from the morning in America. That rose you, Donald. No, no, no, no, no, this one. This one, this one, my ear. It's got too much hair on it. Shave it and run it. Head house magazine cannot be certain of actual identification. But hey, haven't you always wanted to see these people naked? Us, too. Just went when you look at the pictures. You'll be fine. Yeah, like that. And sorry, haven't you always wanted to see her naked? Oh, I should don't think so. And by the way, something. Yeah. A St. Louis jewelry salesman who videotaped the blonde woman in South Beach, tearfully insisted on the stand that he believed the woman was anacornahoria. To Lisa, Judith E. Sulta's been a ton. The wife of a beneton clothinger. I did say it right there. Time to die. Yes. Oh, thank God. Frank Ramassiri cried in a man-hatten federal courtroom, yesterday, and it apologize to Tennisensation, Cornacover, and Sulta's been a ton. It was unfathomably to me to think that. The 2500 word piece which accompanied the photos. Rather than acknowledging she had tampered with the quotes, article author, and that withridge, a British writer and elephant in America told a court, she was just tiding up the statements made by Ramassiri. A celebrity profile is not an investigation she told Sulta's benetons attorney, Judge Burdstein, under questioning, it's not water-gave. Bob Guccioni publisher Pen House is either testifying now or like later today. Last week, the magazine admitted that it aired and apologized to one for the article entitled, Anna Cornacover, Kauk Kauk Klozap, on New Beach. I said that's wrong. How do you like that? And I think putting the man in there for sure might not be a bad idea. So we got number 41 Wheel of Fortune. All right. Based on a couple of facts is that Kina, if we can put prices right and they're why not Wheel of Fortune. It's been on for about 100 years, and somebody says Jeopardy, which you probably agree with because you're a Jeopardy nerd only nerds like that show. Uh, I don't know. By the way, now. Yes? I can't read my own short hand for number 29. Right after Twin Peaks before Rocky. Twin Peaks? In between Twin Peaks and Rocky, I can't remember what I wrote down. I can't read that. Start track the next generation. Oh, thank you. Get with it. From long distance, I got a read is handwriting from how do you like that? I think most got a point. Anyway, Jeopardy, I say the answer to the answer is. No, that's my answer. Press your luck. Absolutely not. This must be from Book of Brian. Read is in whoever's filling in that day show. No, the real world on MTV. No, and Jim happens to the Muppet Show. Absolutely. Possitively. No. No. Can I get back to the Sandstracts thing because this is really almost worthwhile. This is in the New Yorker. Barbara Hatch Rosenberg, a slight woman with short-grain hair and deeply concerned hazel eyes who works out of a small office at the State University of New York at purchase, thinks she knows who is responsible for the anthrax attacks last October. Rosenberg is to use the technical term not top liver. She's the veteran molecular biologist and one of the world's leading experts on biological weapons. In 1998, who was one of a group of seven scientists to invite it to the White House to brief President Clinton on the subject, yet her theory sounds like the plot of a conspiracy thriller, which is not usually true of expert theories, especially on matters this grave. On February 5, Rosenberg posted an item on a website that she maintains for the Federation of Verk and scientists called commentary is the FBI dragging its feet, in which she strongly implied that the FBI was moving much more slowly in its anthrax investigation than it had any reason to. About the perpetrator she has in mind she has, as does he know something that he believes is sufficiently damaging to the US to make him untouchable by the FBI? It's important to note that in addition to being an expert Rosenberg has a political agenda, she's a committed campaigner for outside monitoring of biological weapons labs, although several local newspapers in the online magazine Salonman articles on Rosenberg, it took a surprisingly long time nearly three weeks for her sensational web posting to make an official impact. But on February 25 after the Washington Times published a story that the FBI had a prime suspect who sounded a lot like Rosenberg's and a ray of top government officials including Eric Flescher of the White House and Robert Mueller III of the FBI, or forced to address it which is to say Denayet publicly. Here is Rosenberg's theory. All of the anthrax letters were sent by one person, a middle age man who had worked at the US Army Rometical Research Institute of Infectious Diseases at Fort D.Trick, Maryland, and who was familiar with the method of weaponizing anthrax devised by William Patrick the Tird, the longtime head of Viweapons Research at Fort D.Trick. The perpetrator now works for a Washington area subcontractor of the US Biological weapons program, he is as Rosenberg puts it not a normal person and has a pattern of erratic behavior. She believes he has received some kind of career setback after he left Fort D.Trick that caused him to become confused, upset, depressed, and angry, he decided to retaliate with the anthrax attacks with which Rosenberg guesses he meant to accomplish two things. First, he showing somebody how good he is if producing a distributing weaponized anthrax and thus proving that the career setback was unwarranted, and second he wanted to get the government to invest more in Viweapons Research which would mean a budget increase for his current employer. During the summer of 2001, Rosenberg suspects the perpetrator prepared his anthrax, when he September 11th attacks the Kurdies saw perfect opportunity to strike into cover his tracks. Before he mailed any of the anthrax letters, he sent an anonymous letter to the military police at the Marine Corps-Based Quantico Virginia that was meant to raise suspicions about Iada's side and Egyptian born scientist who was formally a colleague of his at Fort D.Trick and Al-Worset Quantico. For the same reason the anthrax letters themselves sometimes included notes with crude Muslim slogans. In fact, the perpetrator was not trying to kill people, hence the enclosed announcements about what was in the letters and the admonition admonition to take penicillin, but he wasn't concerned enough to avoid the risk altogether. He wound up murdering five people and so a fear and disruption among millions, all to prove a point when internal audience, than the tiny bioweapons community. In a more benign way, Rosenberg is trying to prove a point too. The US officially forced war biological weapons development in 1969 and signed the 1972 biological weapons convention along with many other nations. But Rosenberg believes that the American bioweapons program which won't allow itself to be monitored may not be in strict compliance with a convention. If the perpetrator of the anthrax attacks is who she thinks it is, that would put the American program in a bad light and it would prove that she was right to demand that the program be monitored. His Rosenberg's theory right, at the very least he is persuasive and arguing, that sending the anthrax letters required not just access to the aim strain of anthrax but also knowledge of the weaponization technique developed by Bill Patrick. And the government is saying that the perpetrator was probably in American, it's hard to imagine how it couldn't have been in American who worked in a government-supported bioweapons lab. Think back to the panicky month of October, would knowing that have made you less or more nervous. Right, snickle us, Lehman, in the March 18th, New Yorker. How do you like that? Chilling. And you remember when it first came out that appeared they had the suspect and they were talked about it for a day or two about the anthrax. Just to wait, none of us said that was the last we heard of it. And it kind of hushed it up real quick. Yeah, hushed it up real quick. And as you know, that's probably the best way to be hush. So what have we got any more suggestions we got the last nine? I have a facts here with some mystery signs. Okay, other three thousand for one. No. They wrote the defenders again American. Oh, they were explaining what it is. Black and white era lawyers show starting E.G. Marshall and Robert Reed. It's old. No. The American family. No. So the answer to your question. No. Oh, speaking of family did we put family on there? What's it? Thompson and all in James Rodrick that we talked about yesterday, but we didn't put it on there. It was a no. Well, let's get it on there, family. How about you at least one or two votes? Now we only have eight to go. See how this is like fallen right off a log like a keep talking about. Just like that leaf. It's really nice now. Just like falling off a log. And in the state of health that there, and it wouldn't be surprising if they fell off a log, but they're doing it baby big balls. Let's hear it. Speaking of big balls, Cardinal Law recommended fire dean for college teaching position. Well, I've tried it. You talk about the puts, but this freaking cardinal. And it's only because it's one of these religious nuts. Wait, does he have a lot of puts? Yeah, sure does. The balls of an elephant. Cardinal Bernard Law recommended the former dean of Saint John Seminary in Brighton Mass for a teaching job at a Catholic college in North Carolina in 1997, less than two years after law dismissed him for having improper physical contact with a 19 year old seminary in a Saint John's. Did you follow that? I got it. Law provided a written assurance to Belmont Abby College that the Reverend George C. birthhold had an unblumished record despite birthholed November 1995 to Smithsle. Just two months after became dean of Saint John's undergraduate college, birthholed was accused of making improper advances to a freshman seminary and including kissing him on the lips. Maybe a little tongue in there too. You think? A little tongue? Uh-huh. Officials at Dumb on Abby expressed irritation that they knew nothing about the episode until a global reporter called for their attention last week this in the Boston Globe. If he birthholed it in remove because of a disciplinary problem, then he should not have been given that letter because we would not have hired him to Reese's Sours McKinney, spokesman for the college at African Southern with the school's chancellor, Abbott Placid Solari. Even if there had been an allegation we should have been told so so we could have decided on our own whether to hire birthholed McKinney said she declined to make public a copy of laws 1997 letter for obvious reasons for obvious reasons. I like that. Ever seen those freeze and Reakens in New York? Yeah. That's what they happens when I send a North Dakota, which George would like to send all Reakens to North Dakota because he's predaduced. Anyway, laws willing this to vouch for birthholed similar to what the arts dice he did for the Reverend Paul Shanley when he saw to the state of the 71990, that year, Bishop Robert J. Banks laws top deputy assured the dice is of San Bernardino and California that there were no problems in Shanley's background even though Shanley's file included allegations he had molested boys and advocated sexual relations between men and boys. But when the Shanley letter came to light an April, Banks asserted that he'd been unaware of what was in Shanley's file when he wrote the letter, in birthholed's case law was personally involved in the decision to fire birthholed according to the Reverend Christopher J. Coine, a spokesman for the arts dice. In the Shanley case, the Cardinals criticized have accused them being more concerned for the welfare of offending priest than for the illiteralage victims after birthholed was dismissed from St. John's. The seminary in Christopher J. Seller's transfer to another seminary. Last week's Seller said he was disappointed with the way he was treated by a law on other seminary officials after he came forward, what's more laws willingness to help birthholed obtain another position that would put him in contact with young men as another reminder that the arts dice has only recently taken an unforgiving stance on issues of sexual misbehavior in other words it's been going on for years and years they knew about it they gave a wink at an odd etc. and that's the way it is. And they were probably involved in the same crap right after their goddamn earlobes. And the kiss nary but on the lips. Wait for a little boy? 9.56 at 5.60. WQM. How do you like that but big one huh? A big impressive paycheck. Of course we're talking about paychecks because everybody wants to earn a little bit of cash for their efforts and if you'd like to then fast-trained can up you achieve a brand new seriously money making career in just four short months. You can double the signs of it your paycheck that is by coming to computer professional and you can do this believe it or not before the summers over that's correct. The train offers Microsoft certified instructors no payments for a 40 year job placement assistance they need classes with four convenient locations in date and brood including that brand new campus in kennel there's no excuse for you not to get into it now. So call fast train 866 fast train or check them out and they wicked worldwide web at fast train dot com and don't forget fast train can really have your certified ready for that new career and as little as four months so call them today tool free because nobody should have to settle for a small embarrassing one call fast train one 866 fast train and remember all fan train location their license by the state commission the Howard team show a week to one in six and I was his word not as pedophile it's the ex files this can be what it looks like no the annual probe series finale I was blackout was anything inserted into me and stop stop up your out and get to the panel probe nobody in the right line will I believe that story the man was up to we all know everybody in this world knows it we'd like to do some more tests on it the ex files series finale is the alien anal probe one more anal probing gyro pyro levitate and he co-piles a million and time at her story and I'm gonna take a minute shoot some tell me you want to correct my but ten out to a five sixty w hum had the son of shining blue skies baby just turned to ac on his matter fact I'm excited about that yet you have to close the window I am a well it's probably pretty good idea anyway somebody fact did you see the thing about the homeless voice which allegedly was in reference to this is from yeah I don't know from buying that we mean by that the words they say that that's the response they got from their protesting all I see I thought this was the fact that this guy sent it and this is the result of the bottom of the fact was chopped off what are you just sent me it's chopped off here to that we so this is the response they got from from from from our chamber of commerce supposedly yes please allow me to share God's word with you when a son of man yada yada yada and at the very words of Jesus uh... big line is sure the fact with you considering how the homeless but this is a but several paragraphs of religious goblty cooking it says what have you done for the need to poor homeless with you in your lifetime i'd be glad to share the facts with you considering how the homeless voice indeed helping the homeless this sounds like something that came from the homeless voice themselves correct it sounds like maybe they got somebody infiltrated on the inside of the brow chamber of commerce you know i mean never let's maybe they're letting them handle all the a fallout right they're forwarding all the emails over to this crazy person yeah because obviously these are the rambling survey but a little bit crazy person let me say it again if our chamber of commerce sucks i'm not sure if they suck as bad as my or bar to roam or if they're going to cost people as much money but certainly they're going to cost people millions of dollars unsuspecting people because they're by putting their staff of approval and welcoming with open arms and legs and a miss they're uh... they're putting their stamp of approval on the homeless voice and shankononi in his cult and everybody who listen to the show for more than three minutes in her life time knows there's nothing but a salmon a sham in a ferros and they're out there in the street corners with their own shorts raising goddarn knows how much tax pretty money and certainly must be going in somebody's pocket because shan lives in a big big expensive house he's not homeless a big expensive house in western i think it is west at correct yeah and he keeps coming up with all these millions and dollars to buy these old hotels or other old uh... empty buildings so he can keep building homeless voices shelters where nobody wants him and every municipality in town has to keep showing him away shan shou shou kunani god prou chamber commerce the anti-Christ and right in there with them i wouldn't be surprised the mary of bar to roam always like an evil zombie along with charity from passions she's a zombie baby fact he's got the islands of a zombie and a goddarn i bit the bags under eyes of a zombie she makes tabitha look like about forty five and then there's a thing that somebody facts to be here about her whole bio and everything and it's got to think in her and highly anticipated new book television ace financial reporter cnbc anchor anchor woman ria bar to rummo show is how to use timely news and how to information make money in today's market so another cheese padlin tips on a market she's writing books do you see the conflict there you see conflict how does she get off what does she know about it just because she's down there not a god damn thing she wouldn't know a stock of the stock of the stock of her ass and she's on it's coming under pressure it's coming to pressure that's the NBC i'm going to tell you once we start with at home a voice and take care of that business just like my see go is going to do take care of the medical profession and legal professional so the crappies always found about being a pompous as that he is after we take care of god damn braward chamber commerce in shan can only then we're going to take care of cnbc and get them shut down they need to be shut down right now not away from the circus not two weeks from next forum they need to be shut down right now taken off the air because they promote a fraud they were part and parcel that whole god damn bubble fraud all there's a the new economy here that right we got you new economy right here deep in our record is that's all we got left is a bunch of hanging roads that's all we got left we just have some money now we got his is big grapes and i'm not talking about don't share either we got big oozing bloody hemorrhids is what we got left oh everybody should own palm it's a great stock twenty eight dollars it's a buy everybody should own this stock it's two and a half bucks by the way luckily i only got two thousand shares yeah anyway families number forty two on our list don't get me started on that stock market crapp man it's down today again already you know we don't want to get too carried away it's down public as Maria's under doing her winking blanket and noting you know noting on maybe maybe that's why she's got those big heavy bags under eyes maybe there's like a message in there like in code because when you have heavy bags under your eyes it's easy to like the little winking you see what i'm saying uh-huh give the little signals i like to have her a signal like my foot deep inside her echo yes rea barterromo disgusting bitch anyways at the end of the show is rolling in a forty two i'm looking at the facts oh i already texted you uh the last one we got pyramid and sports center nah get out of here i mean i love the pyramid that's not going to be a vote and sports center she like i was saying yesterday life without television would be very uh disappointing very depressing there's nothing wrong with television only problem is what's on it right you follow what i'm saying now there's a phenomenal medium the problem being that there's so much crap on it and they goodness no seriously when it's good it's very good and when it's bad which is a hell of a lot of the time it's trash it's crap it's garbage like people would hear them you know digital cable and they're flipping and flipping and flipping it until it bleeds and they still can't find anything worth watching the hundred channels and nothing's on not true here though i know i'm not how to lose jell is i'm i my my rodgers digital cable name that few years truly i'm sure the more i think about that the more pissed off i get that i don't have those channels the just i'm telling i've got many others which i'll start taking notes of writing down just to aggravate you but just great scream tv and the driving classics those two channels alone you would be you would almost die for that's enough to make me want to move to candidate just so i can get that drive in channel oh and maybe could look stand outside on the street corner smoke a little weed too all right here all those sirens out there that it's a sound of like a real city man where they're all still a full minute them out there on young street young and done that's by the eating center i'm serious last night this place was like a madhouse it was uh in sanity in the car's there were honking and uh just filming at the mouth they were showing them on tv it was great saint lucy priest won't be charred no way to hear this story don't check the conclusions this is from the pombie post today before you hear the the rest of the story is pall harvey would say the sea still alive by the way yeah he is dammit port saint lucy police said yesterday that it would not file charges against retired priest Francis maloney after interviewing the seventeen year old cataclyc high school student whose accusation of sexual impropriety's prompted the church to suspend maloney from act of ministry the teen who did household work around the priest port saint lucy home told police that the 71 year old priest was found in bed with another man talked to him about homosexuality in the cataclyc church and left out a letter describing ways to tell whether a teen is gay port saint lucy police detective john home and said at a news conference yesterday though the alleged behavior might be wrong in the eyes of the church police in prosecute is agreed that maloney did not appear to break any florida laws home and said in other words there's no law on for it against being an old queen i should know that we're not here to address the moral issue said the sergeant robbered McGee were here to address the criminal issues maloney the former associate pastor at saint luc catholic church in pomb springs was forced into retirement underwent counseling for sexual activity with a man about three years ago he moved to saint lucy but and seeton in port saint lucy where he celebrated three masses a week or one church member there maybe he molested Greg from port saint lucy i think well i sure hope not hope he's got better taste than that he was suspended from act of ministry after the teen a student at john carl high school in four peers told us story two diocis and officials two weeks ago sand bar baro remember sam he's in stories all over the place in pombie the spokesman for dices of pombie said two day that the dices would study the port saint lucy police report then to south of maloney can be reinstated barbaro said it could not explain until i'm alone he was reassigned the saint elism a thancee to find a violator about celibacy three years ago saying only priest are called on to live a chase life and if that chief by a chase life is violated each case has to be evaluated sounds like another excuse to me uh sounds like another sweeper another carpet to me uh yeah they're evaluating it they're thinking about it taking a long peek at it maybe they want to see home movies you know maybe that's it speaking of assholes oh i better do this one first now i'll save it why does express is concerned about cuba despite carters claim what he's just the like that wasn't that great editor from the or post yesterday it's spectacular spectacular about jimmy carter yes and about fidel and all that crap anyway boston globs says contrary to former president of carters assertion of white house yesterday held to withstand the cuba's provided biotechnology to other nations that could be used by terrorists carters said during his visit to cuba monday that he'd been told by administration officials that the u.s. has no evidence to comment his country with transferring technology that could be used to make weapons of mass destruction without criticizing carter directly white house spokesman array flashes at the subject of bio about biological technology never came up in carters pre-trip conversation with national security adviser condolese a rise he said the white house is worried about cash for a biological program the u.s. has plenty of reason to be concerned flasher said he praised carters a champion of human rights or the former president uses influence to push cash to a democratic reform he called the cuban one of the world's last great tyrants carter told caster on leading cuban scientists that he'd asked white house state of urban intelligence officials specifically if cuba was transferring technology rather information that could be used in terrorist activities he said he was told that cuba was not explaining the u.s view fly should point away widely covered speech by under secretary of stage on bolt and shortly before carters trip in the speech bolt and said cuba has provided a biotechnology to other roads state's fact we had that story last week on a show remember that yes we did to other roads states and the u.s. is concerning information good to port biological warfare programs fly should decline to say whether the former president's trip was helpful but i think will be helpful is for finnell Castro to get the message the world is looking to cuban a free its people fly should said the results of president carters triple a measure after its over we look forward to talking to after return slashes said and we incarcerate him for a few months since if we can change his attitude that's all a good idea show his asses in the slimer for a couple of months yeah rubber likes that idea yeah let me bring and i like the idea too Jimmy i don't care what party he was he's a we was a wimp he was a weasel he's a piece of crap yep peanut farming idiot was brother used to peel over to god damn place by the way where you can we can we be proud of our politicians are one i know man and don't forget mislead man to invented wrinkle cream god what she's dead i think go he's dead do any yeah he died are you sure yeah it was a big story remember yeah so yeah well let's hear that some good news today mislead and belly quarter not that i like seeing people by early but in some cases we make an exception on the show it makes the unopened cans of billi beer worth something now absolutely correct come on it's after dinner how about the cleanse brother how about Roger Clinton there's another week in the crowd and Neil bush let's you know give it a little equal time let's not Roger and again rubber get too carried away Neil bush although get started on the bush family we'll be here all the jibbs family you know all those of you don't want to get another again but we get all the prescriptions to fill yeah hey if you're tired of hassles with your senator service tired of that fifty dollar a month plan that you thought you bought and then the winds of costing hundreds of dollars a month and get on the team with sell tech at sell tech communications your authorized next tell representative for over twenty five years sell techs been providing sell florida with the best service they take the hassle way from dealing with the regular sell company not to mention expense too they take that away as well right now next i'll share rewards plan allows you to share four thousand monthly minutes with free incoming calls for only fifty four ninety nine sell techs got a great selective other plans no matter what you're budget with most including free incoming calls nationwide long distance collide the voice mail and next else unique direct connect to a radio feature whether it's one phone or a thousand phones or a zillion take it for me in our very own starting quarterback your very own starting on mind of i'll be putting words in my mouth i'm a papia's fan okay and we want a super bowl by the way oh just mention at and passing your starting quarterback with a big years day feedler who's the spokesman he's a spokesman for everything including big years sell tech communications your authorized next to representative it's the only way to go call one eight hundred sell tech to today and get connected that's one eight hundred c-e-l-t-e-c and the number two sell tech communications keeping rockie nice from course the umbrella company starts in eight thirty on switch when you're five sixty q a m or we're radio is what the news for you thank you thank you this is a special night for me for a lot of reasons jannigrinos here i just love this guy now some of you might think i've been busy writing my memoirs i'm not concerned about my memoirs i'm concerned about my resume and they tell me i have to use the active voice with a resume you know things like commanded us on forces served three terms as president everybody in bellish is a little design built in painted bridge to twenty-first century generated attracted heightened and maintained controversy supervised vice president's invention of the internet but being realistic i would consider an executive position with another country you like you you like you you like you you like you you like you you like you all a rubber don't like you okay but he's a star post ten eighteen five sixty w q a m how guarantee of clinton had a show on tv how okay what he did on there no matter what he did if he just sat there and picked his nose or showed naked pictures of Jennifer flowers it get a ninety sheer easy but if he said that the daughter no we don't want to see his daughter all right when i heard hank that they call in the whole staff to ask if she's a sex symbol i just about lost my lunch because i don't read even by that point in fact that would be a good poll to take who's the hotter sex symbol chalcy clinton or Maria barter rumble or maybe any quarter huh oh this really good poll mislulian or sister to reset even then uh you know probably don't look too good right now but she never did sex symbol my ass in fact my ass is lovely than uh chalcy anyway here's number forty three on our list the untouchables okay how could we have left that off there we're a space cadets with a great Robert stack well we're having a difficult time you know when you get down to the try to fill out the second fifty for having a really tough time here's a good one can't a camera and the dollar ninety eight beauty show yeah with reptala can you answer me one question all right how come it seems that it was always obligatory for almost every quishow that had like a panel of celebrities it always had to be a bunch of fags on there what can you explain to me like what that's all about part of the formula i mean like domed yellowies and chalice and rally and paul in the ripped on her yellowies and jpg morgan that died that used to be on the gong show and man always had to be like obligatory queens on those shows i think it's my ass Moses and how about the new Hollywood squares with that uh blonde headed wig the bruise beaindrops from the advocate that that's a liole true unfunnyest person in human right that's right next to a watchin and there's a squid to show kittie woppy making woppy anyway here's one real sex on HBO no Conan O'Brien show no Chris rock show no and the a friend fresh principally no they're trying to spoil my day cuz the leashout out of one one the series again last night three nothing with their big balls but they can't do it can't do it got to spoil my party a neo got some great uh great shows for you if you want to hear okay uh have a riley factor now keep going he's got a bunch i'm sure uh crossfire no he only wants to part with vadovac on and the tucker across was a little uh his little uh bow tie come on you got more in fact i hear that Robert's god like a blow up dollar bill tour because he likes guys with bow ties anyway go ahead meet the press now meet the press you know something that's a good one i like not saying it's a no i don't like him russia he makes me sick to my stomach i can't stand him i like to but it's benign first of all it's the longest running regular show on a TV you do realize that don't you know i don't it's in the the longest running show in history i've mentioned this yesterday but i'm sure you were paying no attention the longest running show in the history of north america uh what just said is hockey hockey night in camada yes that is not a good that's hard yeah so meet the press is on your number forty four going back with uh what was his name Lawrence spivac and then they had the billman roe who uses who had that heavy and we relax that you say a bash and about he couldn't say the word abortion and he still was on the area see one thing about network TV they don't care what he can speak right enough which is why bobba walters is on their and tomboko on those people oh speak in the tomboko you know in all difference to reconcile jino hi never ever played the tomboko bits and he's disks right always cross it might out immediately but once it is way while and i do sometimes listen to them just to see if there's something worthwhile i'm tomboko aah tonight on the NBC nightly news the Reverend Thomas Crandell drew four years in the clank due to penance for distributing nothing better means an ecstasy from his forno directory the pope was said to be relieved he was only dealing drugs i'm tomboko yeah next you see it a night see that was he more planned anyway here's a factus is how about f2 no rat patrol no bobby knows best no and leave it in her beaver well even to beaver was number eleven wasn't unless we had yesterday and a survey I'm leaving a survive the cut huh or it had eleven votes i mean what i put that i got it right here i got it right right i have ten away for you to deliver my two your two disorganized as a matter of fact i think i'm calm me crazy like the guys isn't that Wendy spot but i think this morning at the end of motion i think i heard my name and just the first name but i think after kneel it's uh didn't hear that yes i think we're starting to like make a little bit of headway there in fact i don't think he dislikes me i think he hates you is what it really boils down to i think you're right yeah i think he loves me i think he really understands you two old Jewish guys would know here i think he gets it but i just think he's got a bug up maybe just isn't like a little specs that could be it wouldn't be the first time because i heard my name on the mo show this morning let's hear it i even took that one bit and i was gonna play it and i put it away to show you how easy i am well see i don't want to like uh i don't want to be the one who gets the blame see for like uh you thought what i'm saying no that's my job right it's your just fall so why don't want to play that but at least not till the next week there will be gift right yes after i come back to vacation he can handle it he can handle he'll deal with we're loosen him up a little bit old mo you mark my words and your case if i get about a year your coach helping do i although i think maybe more come up he'd like to make an appearance with it with you and Miguel tonight would be good no join George Saturday two to four at four lottery or leave it to what a big salesman i would be really ready for stop and in two to for the center just have to open park boat with our federal highway and forget the other free me spots in our pd linear not getting them you jack ball you use silly person i was talking about the treasure island appearance that uh we totally forgot to tell you about today well how many promos can i read on here for christ i's first of all i'm not too much reading already that i do want to show number one and number two uh it's gonna take a path to show so for sending a whole bunch of okay five to seven we'll give uh we'll give them a lap dance well how's somebody do that obviously i see or maybe fat boy can do it he likes our sales department line maybe fat boy can give more now that that was low that was a low blow my take it back nobody wants to be that close to the fat boy if i know but if we get that close to fat boy anyway the joan mark are waiting for you dunk and don't understand we hear from them when they go out on these kind of like marginal ones like this or not sometimes we do but today we did not we did not here maybe there are even a lot of free donuts maybe there's written those uh whatever those were those short stacks uh let me just a little bit right that was good stuff back before default pistols guys off from um from a dunk and don't it's used to bring us every Friday a mighty morning like blockwork sausage and shake and he sausage and she's melted on there and i had mine without the bagels when i have to have any carbohydrates and he's delicious and the cheese was just a reckons since he likes stuck to your teeth it was great about your Robert members those dunk and don't ask mornings yes i do now do you know the real story i see i want to put you in a middle of anything because you're just there today like help on a son but i mean you remember the real story why they stopped showing up no i just all was signed that joan seed we're just gone yeah so you know but he really knows the real story but the room we're around the building because there are a few rumors around our building every now and then was that the default did something like uh pistols off you know but they weren't coming from the beach so you know that's a long way yeah they were coming from a long ways away but that wasn't a real reason because they loved us they loved the entire station they loved everybody even guilty 10 26 at 5 60 that that i am much of the thing about the guilty in the sink figure yet this morning or not no i'll say that for a couple weeks from now 10 26 at 5 60 wqm hey if your hair is vanished you can walk around looking like bob eyes and burg or sand bottles and either of the above and people would laugh their answer they be falling on a floor and you think they tripped and felt like tabiphone passions but believe we they didn't trip they're just falling down from laughter because you look like a silly goose with those bad pieces on your head if you want to look natural then Charles Alfie or his natural alarm system is the only way to go and provide sensational results for all you guys out there right no price in the world can you get a better look and hit a hair so if the big ball spot is done the evil number on your head get the hair back from chuck alfiri who's been doing it right for people like uh like you and for multi-millionaires too for over 25 years the reason the rich people go to charlie two is because no matter how much money they got they can't get a better look and hit a hair nowhere and if you mention your arages when you call Charlie will not 200 bucks off the regular price as well so what do you got to lose but that big ugly growing ball spot call today tool free and look at your free consultation enjoy show you just how much better and younger Charlie can help you look call 1 800 321 2413 that's 1 82413 or log onto their website for more info this is CBS hey all you put in the song all you play in the thorn like the rabbit tip when the show was on play what do you know hey come on you today they have a buy the phone are you the innocent or the guilty one have pretty one of five sixty wc and we're having difficulty getting the last six of our list we got to have fifty for today we don't really have to have we can close it out now how about if we just take a few calls okay just put them on hold rubber you need to talk to them just put them on hold 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon line there must be some obvious choices that were missing out because we've got 44 we had 50 yesterday of which will take the top 25 and then we're going to have another 50 today hopefully if anybody comes through for us and it will take the 2025 from that and then tomorrow we'll put on those 15 I will come up with our top 20 TV shows of all time and then we won't do this again until next time until somebody else does it TV guy by the way there are listeners their readers who have an L.A. are they still say bananas anybody agree with that I don't get that I mean bananas was a fine show was okay but like we said yesterday if you like bananas what's wrong with the Walton's what's wrong with apples way what's wrong with the other 80 million shows of the same genre even though Michael what's his name was none landed gunsmoke gunsmoke was a different gunsmoke was more like a shoot-in-law but an answer wasn't as much of a shoot-in-up show wasn't they had some shoot-in-ups but no it was more so pop-ra-e yeah it was more schmazi WQA and hello sounds are like you yes sir oh what about come to yeah why don't you I think I'm that show the answer is no how about thung you huh I thought you were the one that always liked the chinks what what does that have to do with it being one of the that was the best show in history of television that's a candidate for the vision but I think it's time to burn your TV said George and I'm starting to think that moment have a point kung fu my ass I think maybe you're going to will open the what's his name again I can't can never pat the marida that is he does karate yes but that's his name yeah so anyway we find out that Ralph Machio got married when he was eight years old the girl he married was like six years old something like that I don't believe that twenty six crap he wasn't twenty six when he got married he just he gets on my nerves that kid he just bugs me a lot in fact that's talk about typecast that's the only thing he should have ever been and was that kung fu crap with the pat marida what was that name of that the karate kid karate kid the karate kid curry and by the way I think that Mike Disney's got a point about how well you have to be before they stop calling you kid you know and does a seventy year old guy really know the taste of young people around here music I don't think so maybe that's the problem down there power not that I want to insult their wounds but I guess I will anyway being the prick that I am try to give you all that good music kid try to give you all that good music year and a half ago two years ago you could have just pull the cover right out under from those cops people you could like a beaten him right to the punch did you do it no no didn't do it wouldn't know a hit song if you're stuffed it up his ass whatever happened a little punky rock group they put together well here for them no more something real suspicious about that whole deal but don't put it on the an absolute George whatever you do I won't want on it still on there WKOM yes sir I don't know I don't know the conflict right you don't want to go out of the limits because you head off right so you know yesterday but I think I didn't we put it on your outer limits I don't know yesterday list yesterday wasn't well it's on today you just wrote it down but on the field we still number one so don't really matter now it matters just to fill out the list we need to we need some help thanks a lot pal we need your help like shula would say a lot outer limits number forty five now it's getting out of the nitty gritty not just five more huh now it's down to only five I'm inside thirty four the prices right thirty five that again these numbers just are in in terms of filling out the list West Wing smallville the FBI Superman streets of San Francisco wheel of fortune family the untouchables meet the press and outer limits I thought I meet the press this morning not a thought ah you know Lauren's spivac Tim Russell sometimes that you as an abashed in the role I bet you only want to remember's billman role maybe vodka blind because you remember all those old turds that nobody else knows about WQA and hello my name on yeah back to you WQAM let's put that on is that guy yeah yeah let's go about he corn on the list speak to me sir how are you about great hey local show count no no local shows don't count how about the uh whatever they call my show on there by the bush and kneel at night like I just said oh bro I was thinking about that a couple of days ago I must have been a really sour mood about that whammy thing and how they sandbagged me and about how bad that thing looked in the technical thing you couldn't hear the audio and it was it looked like it was produced in somebody's basement it looked like that Mr. Ego show that they have everyone at the local access channel on Sundays like it shot through 14 sheets of linoleum like Donna Mills I heard more talking about Donna Mills and not planning this morning I always told I like that mo he's an asslending guy and you were in LA log I'm starting to move a little more toward mo a little more away from Jordan see that's your idea keep Jordan is toes all this year keep him like doing the Green Apple quick step that will teach him to knock up his wife WQAM how about help see there's a guy again it's actually without the answer still still no no it's actually yesterday with Al the answer is still no and most of the other one they want to OEM the Hanson Muppets no the best show in history of TV there would be like if we put Cucleo Fran and OEM which was suggested yesterday in the answer was no no no thanks WQAM yes sir mob squad yeah I mean mob squad I don't know what do you think George but you would you would know first of all you didn't like cop shows net before your time in the end yeah I'm not sure that it's not on there it wasn't on yesterday's list I don't know what about the TV guy list I didn't I didn't hear you say it when you're reading up there list well I'm looking at again right now because the last thing we want to do it's bad enough we embarrass ourselves anyway I show an upper video but last thing I want to do is put something on your twice mob squad is certainly not on I think it's okay I think mob squad might get one or two vote huh sure what I give you that's maybe that's the missing link I'm still pinout about that confooting you can take your kung fu and stick a deep inside black dome your rain is okay kung fu mob squad that's on at number 46 so we only got four to go this see I told you this would work because I want that thing up and run and buy 11 o'clock I don't want to put a lot of pressure on irrecurses got a lot of things here and you'll have to fax them to them I like immediately and you fax in the other part yet or not yeah well I mean the first 33 or 43 or what we're going to do it all at once although all at once I can no one I will almost done that anyway WQAM hello I guess sir can't believe nobody has mentioned mighty python flying sir yeah that's a good one how not I mean and I also fall for each hour I guess follow that as well no I'll thank you quit while you're ahead or did he have his radio up or was that my imagination he was really low we had to crank him up on this end it was a disaster my yeah but he came up with a good show I agree on he python's flying circus see a lot of these last time we did this and it wasn't a exactly the same way thank God but wasn't that long go if you want to go we did something like this and uh didn't we leave them or no that was for the best comedy show remember that we did the best comedy we left them off because we figured that was a British thing we were going to work with he BS and what the hell what's wrong with PBS what about Mary Harman Mary Harman oh no I just did joke because this guy wanted 40 towers no I don't think so but my fine mighty python was great thank you so much so that's 47 we only have three to go and we'll have those rounded out in like a couple of minutes and then we can put it on there and then you can vote your hearts content and it'll prove absolutely nothing it'll prove what a great way to kill two days thanks a lot Hank and mole because if it wasn't Frank and mole I never looked down the TV guide website because I didn't know about that TV show tonight to go did you know we had nobody knew about it so we needless to say I didn't see it and even if I would have seen it I wouldn't have watched it anyway if I'd have seen it and I did miss small bit last night because of the hockey game but the good news is it's on it's on global tonight just relax I'll be watching it tonight 8pm on global so come down did you see it yeah I saw it actually had a good ending I thought I always thought that the time while it has a good ending the good end well that show always has a good ending it's not like a lot of movies that you watch in fact you know something and just this for all which I told you yesterday I saw again yes the ending for that is totally unsatisfactory not that there would be any satisfactory ending after that wild courtroom scene but it's it's unacceptable and he's just kind of sitting there like all scrunched up you know and that was the one where he should have had an orange in his hand or at least a ten to read yeah I would have been good some orange peep it's not going to be good yeah twenty before eleven and I have seen and he could have started throwing the rest of those dishes that were left over from his bald head and geek partner twenty before the hour five sixty double to come question is that there are a lot of crap around makes your carpets are real mess you know there are a lot of people out there let's face it there's slabs but if you want to have your guest feel like a real mench if you want them to think you really are a good housekeeper then called rock concept still do the house keeping for you especially now a lot of people are doing their spring cleaning up and try to make their house look respectable after all those big holidays the answer is dry concepts they come into your home and they dry clean your carpets the same way a dry cleaner does to your clothing which sucks out even the deep down dirt way in there and the fibers your carpets which makes them look just like brand spank a new makes them smell limited fresh and last a lot longer and stay clean a longer to have been used in free years now guarantee you'll thank me you'll get down on your hands and ease and kiss my little toes and I feed our lovely by the way you'll kiss my feet for a turn you ought to dry concepts because of the best in business don't be fooled by those five ninety nine specials of the even your carpet soak for days on end because when dry concepts does the worth they give you a written guarantee price up front no scams no tack on no baton swish and your carpets are dry just a couple hours after you finish the job you're ready to rock and roll a no time at all so teach yourself in your carpets to a spring cleaning today in Broward County called dry concepts at nine five four three seven oh seventy seven seventy eight nine five four three seven oh seventy seven seventy eight and date in Palm Beach column toll free one eight hundred two four eight five oh seven one one eight hundred two four eight five oh seven one clean today you can entertain it like there might not only be now we can actually tell what you five you a yeah hey it's how it how it David Rosie's girlfriend's gonna have a baby all right they got more kids than a Chuckie cheese the daughter could be Tom Cruise or maybe more likely and was down to Eloise just like well this a Julie I think we can all agree it would be disgusting truly if the father was David Crossbeam I guess we'll be left to wonder who got hired for the job was for Kelly and under someone famous or an upstairs total slot have you heard Rosie's girlfriend's gonna have a baby scored scored it may grow into a pretty lady but for now it still looks just like a can't he? yes ten forty seven and five sixty disgusting thought by the way nauseating anyway joined George McGill and Boca Brian it was George was battling over the spot there and I was trying to do you know was the wrong spot again looking I can't help it if they keep running the wrong spot for treasure islands probably fed boys fall anyway join all of these people five to seven today at treasure island just north of the hundred twenty seconds three exit right off the pole metal to have a crappy bunch of prizes but adult star Elizabeth Hilden will be performing and should be poppin all kinds of stuff out of a record another orifice as well ping pong balls probably I don't think that's her act she wanted about what ever she's gonna be doing there I'm just trying to spice it up a little for you okay really naked that's five to seven today George McGill Booker by the treasure island in fact boy I'll be there too I'll come for a hand job or send out something speaking of that sign market with the cost of facts here which I'm not really sure understand early when the show it's as you were making fun of overweight women sitting around and watching Oprah it says what do you know the difference between overweight women sitting around watching Oprah and overweight radio talk show queen about four inches huh yeah that's what my thoughts in other words the overweight women were sitting around watching Oprah yes they have a penis so you know my piece and be kicks in our side get a life of case we are always like you restaurant though somebody suggest landed the giant we are listening I say no it'll this fact I think we had this once before but now the timing is great hot air on wall street by there from the time pain website I think i'm gonna read this gonna take a long time go to take a long time a lot of that ponderous reading but it's right on target another thing that amazes me I was thinking about this yesterday when I was watching Maria they're hyperventally well it's a very moderate uh very moderate the trading and very moderate number share yeah up up your ass bitch by the way the dows didn't actually down one point I think it's gonna turn around go up the day in the dows please yeah oh please is right what do you all pleasing about okay I got the you need to sense you lost an accretto's good capital uh penny stocks you bought right every little uh I think the audience should know this that during the time when I was really like losing my ass thanks to my church and when the uh everything was taken a humongous tumble and I was in there like kind of helpless and wondering what that was going on every morning this little pudwacker would come in there and go on my website on my computer paid for with my own money and look up his little uh chart on there is own little portfolio OTMAD2 sense and this one and I'm sitting there all lost 85,000 yesterday and a market study and all that crap everything is relative I understand right there's a lead with two things get the measure of your relatives and get out of my face so anyway George and the McGill and all those people are gonna be a treasure island I got I got somebody got to him promos here you know I've got a very limited amount of room you'd be impressed with what this studio looks like it's a beautiful thing and new facts machines come in by the way after a memorial day and you like that clearance game you don't put on it you know clearance is doing a pretty good job yes he is in fact no clearance is doing an outstanding job I just want to say that I don't want to get muff all been on the shape because he's on a well deserved vacation but the fact that the matter is if he doesn't hurry up and come back you know it's not kind of like that Lou Geary thing you know Hey Walla you know your glove yeah hey Walla you're glove then of course we never saw walla anymore and it's a look here for the next 85,000 games I just mentioned that in passing I don't want to get in but like nervous So let's see what the number 40 47 which was mighty python flying circus we only need three more to fill out the list let's do a fast QAM hello Neil yes sir Did in Richard Simmons how are you we show yeah How the good one yeah okay I'm glad you liked it. WQAM hello QAM you're Neil yes sir Good morning how you doing okay what about all renting them can I call WQAM hello yes sir yeah Neil time tunnel Time tunnel some other people suggested that too and you know what the answer is still no Very mediocre show I mean would you put that on there no I would not oh you know what I'm gonna put on there What somebody suggested the other day which won't get a lot of votes because it never does but I'll put on number 48 the prisoner Okay no that deserves don't I mean it's sure no time tunnel but the prisoner sure allow it and more than many many of the shows on this TV guide list Oh some of the shows on there enough to make you scream dick fan diek show nightline the The National American Family which nobody we have surveyed the entire country also here in Canada north of the border And there isn't anybody knows what American family is or was or wants to be we have no idea what the life is WQAM hello Hello Neil yes sir You have mine you right on there Yes, we do how did they come by the way 30 both today You have 30 30 did very well go ahead Yeah Sir Have a great day and thank and you too thanks for two good choices, but they're both on it how did Hawaii five Do it cut in yai Do I got in yai? Well, I'll be there. Yes, no Robert was gonna be working today. I only got in yai But it still made the cut-oed in it Is it did good good for them because that's a great show So let's see the prisoners number 48 we need just two more come on let's get with it here We've only got another couple of minutes and he's got a fact to list the Eric and we got to have this thing up there by 11 o'clock Or which now there's no chance you watch you be Well between his 14 lunches and other fact that's almost 11 already it takes a little while to get these we're long ones on there WQAM Matt lock I don't get a lot of votes in South Florida. Yes. How could we have forgotten Matt lock you say no? No, I said yes Matt lock how could we have left that off for all the people in cemetery village and win more just jumped up while you didn't jump up they like crawl off the sofa And criss the way over to the computer so they can get ready to vote Matt lock very big and cemetery village in pomear and win row what's the other one? Win more and probably also with the stilling a hills of carriage hills there stilling hills Sorry, ma WQAM Yes, sir. We want more What is it? Could you understand what he was? Oh We forgot to vote that one on there WQAM I mean I got two of them for you from pivy of doctor who? And are you being served? Doctor who and are you being served? No We need one more it will be number 50 or about