匿!匿! For the cabin, you're having a hard time. .. Uh oh! I'm coming to fuck you! Oh! Kids bob records, where kids sing along with popular songs. Now introduce their kids' Bob Classic! Quanty Original Modern good classic songs are ultimately going to join! OK! We make it heard so good! For the family, the new Democrats, Every morning, brother and sister drop gas bed Your kids contested these songs all day They're songs that kids love Get a job, you fucking vlogger You reply, let's start with special You're so fucking special I've been finally listening to pop-up The kids are fat I'm a bitch, I'm a bitch, I'm a bitch I can still hear her I can't play the guitar like a mother Fucking right Kids boss classic, not available in any store First, order today Tom Brady's on the cover of the October GQ I just got that, that's the important thing on his Frankie this time Oh, I'm here in that echo aren't you? Oh, we're not back to that again Did it go away? Oh, it was a chuck's phone That was Carlos's phone, I guess Oh, you know something it's probably his way of re-billing against the fact that That we got liars around the building again Not that we didn't have enough liars before We got a new program director on his first day Officially as the full-time program director was at a second Whatever it was, second day, any lies Nice going, Clarence You suck Tells the guy he's going to meet him right after the show Take care of him, get him on a payroll Do the right thing He's like, mo, you know, he did the right thing That's why George is told there I appreciate it Right And Clarence is supposed to be doing the right thing Get the, you know, we can't not everybody in the world wants to come in They're just just for the honor of seeing the ugly faces The ugly pushes and bodies of the gross people in that building You know, some people like to get paid once in a great while And this car, so meet me and what does he do? He vanishes, he pulls the Gregory vanishing routine They go on to lunch, come back a little bit later It looked for Clarence as he there Oh, can't find him long gone So I figure why when he comes in this morning The bus does balls about that, have we seen Clarence yet? No Our new program director, how about our new operations manager Anybody seen him yet? I saw him, he poked us out of the door 30 seconds ago Yeah? He said hi Telling that telling that he's program director again too, Clarence is fired It's full of crap You're serious about that What gives you the right? What gives me the right I'm the king of frickin paradise man You better get well at least the prince The queen, the queen of paradise, that's me God dang it I got news for your boys and girls In fact, I'll save it for a couple of minutes Because it's such big programming news Whether Clarence likes it or not Starting October first we got a big major programming Change in South Florida, on your radio And then I'll get some promotion in the morning Garence you're that Somebody who will at least go promote the fact That coming up next is Neil Not this baloney Wow, we got Kelty's big-hand shot But a band of dirty boys and ginger lin And everybody except for like the heart and soul of the radio station Which is me and Mad Dog and Hank Which we don't even get any promotions metal Funny that he part How do you like that? But start October first That's going to change baby You'll see Anyway, we had another Europe Palestinian buddies He's around in the game this morning Yes, we'll decide bomber blooms Don't even start, okay? Because you're so off on a one at least I try to stay in the middle somewhere To say they're all nuts But you know, you're not in the middle of a bunch You're smart the heads is what you're in the middle You may be late They only lie me your shy And it all, you know why don't you do with you greasy spigs So they're 100 children more than you saw I bomber blooms up on a crowded bus and downtown Tel Aviv on Thursday this morning Our time, afternoon there time Killing at least five people in one hour and 40 in the second such attack in two days The blastman aftering lunch hour while the bus was on Allen B Street And they had a heart of a restaurant and business district There was no media camera response Now why would they say what street it is? Okay, this is from the associated press Yeah, do we know the streets in Tel Aviv? Maybe somebody does There was no media camera responsibility Wednesday's attack on which a suicide bomber blew himself up at a bus stop in northern Israel Also killed in Israeli policemen was claimed by a militant group the Islamic Jihad They're all nuts, I'm telling you that right now like I said you want to have a separate right time Just go that area and they're gonna get on a bus, hop on a bus And speaking of nuts man, we got a nut a case out there who's obsessed with our poles a crazy person A total of case and you mentioned yesterday that he was there Well, I caught it first, but then you say he's got a program that like automatically like votes You know eight times on there We have 1147 votes I'm not might be a one day record No Back in the early on days we taught that And in fact today that I took the poll I think was last week Wasn't it last for the end of the week about you? Yeah, we did over 1000 right and he was also on there heavy duty as well Love because he hates you like poison Mr. Contrary the man who wants to dick up our poll every day 1147 votes This is probably what we got to listen right now. It's certainly double what most audiences They're coming over one at a time. That's why we build our audience one at a time I can't believe that clearance like is shining you like that Carlos. That's that's unacceptable That's some of the worst news ever heard just when we had hopes that maybe we had some people would be like open and honest and communicate And not screw everybody over and this guy he's learned in the right way He must be in there second Greg Reid's toes right now That's what got him that promotion Need him like a goddamn hole in the head Go to the anyway 1147 votes What do you listen to most days in that noon to one hour and the reason we asked the polls because now that this shows become much more political And I make no apologies for that because it's about time somebody heard the goddamn truth of what's going on in the world At any rate In the noon to one hour, it's obvious that some of the right wingers who are very very they're still got their tongue up pushes ass Both pushes by the way They turn over to Russia or even Bill O'Reilly, which is really desperate Neil 617 Bush three or a rush whatever his name is 346 he actually doing that. It's like sublivable Rush 346 a bunch about 270 were bogus from this one asshole out there And the reason you know that is because like between 330 and 10 or 11 o'clock last night when I went to bed every time I checked this thing And you'd hit the refresh button you'd get like 20 votes and 18 would be for rush You know, which one for me they were coming in chunks Okay, and I got news for you when you start coming in chunks. It's time to go see the goddamn doctor 1153 Come on, let's get it up to a minute. What do you say pal? He's probably hopping out on the game Neil 617 rush 346 Bill O'Reilly 53 other 50 Romey 49 I'd say maybe nine of those are legit Neil the party are from that asshole and music 38 So we got 53 and a half percent which the real number is like between 75 and 79 percent and on the reason I know that is because when you take a real pool like this Even though it's unscientific after the first 100 to 200 votes the percentages don't really change all that much if you notice that? Yes right That's the first 100 200 you can take a thousand five thousand a really good sample right So after the first 100 votes or whatever was we had about you know 77 percent 78 who stick with us and noon to one whatever which is fine An addition to which in the nine to ten hour there are a lot of our people still listen to the Howard and we're not talking about the Mo Howard either Oh, Mo makes day upholed today by the way Do you see Jesse Ventura on hardball with Chris Matthews last night up a piece of it from the University of Minnesota See Jesse is one of those people who had good intentions and I will say this course now that he's not running a name more for governor is not going to be in politics Now we can afford to be honest again because Chris Matthews tried to hold his feet to the fire with his comment that he made in playboy about religion is you know What did he say again what was these that quote a crutch for the weekmind it or something like something like that he says is a pile of crap that's a crutch for people with weak minds And you know something he is That's what we became enchanted with him because we thought finally here's a politician first of all. He's not beholden the Democrats or Republicans. He's independent first he was on the year reform party and then they didn't like him so he said screw all year. I'm an independent But he found out real quick that you can't tell it like it is and that all the sunny star back track and well, but I beat but I'm a book and you know So now that he's getting out he's saying the truth again and when they was interesting because they had the a large huge audience there University of Minnesota Some real interesting looking people too by the way, but anyway, that's to make you want to go back to college One of the questions that Chris Matthews asked them as a group. How many of you in this group favor invading Iraq? There were maybe five people. They must have hundreds of kids maybe five maybe So all of these polls that we keep getting about all the overwhelming majority of the American public is all behind us bullcraft In fact CNN yesterday on wolf blitz rig the the question was Will it invading Iraq cost a solve more or cause more problems 65% at the last two of time I took a 60% of course CNN doesn't have exactly what you call like liberal of yours bunch of old funny daddy right wingers 65% said it would cause more troubles than it would solve How do you like that yeah, but we're supposed to believe oh minor Still a minor if the judge gives her approval to the miners petition and the ten million dollar deal will be approved So we'll keep our eyes on Boston dot com which is the up to date website of Boston Globe That's a really an a thing they have like a separate separate little deal as opposed to a lot of the other news papers on a one-manjane names That like give you the you know the morning newspaper and maybe if you're lucky by the end of the day They might put a couple of news stories on here and in big red. Oh, no, this is breaking out likely to one of the news networks Boston dot com is like new and break-in stuff that they change all throughout today and that what a concept huh Well, and for example if there's like a like a baseball game going on and then he Boston team is the red top sur plane baseball ready team going on They keep a change in the score inning by inning. How do you like that? Yeah, so you can keep in touch with what's going on in the world instead of getting a bunch of stable crap Which I noticed they're Harold for they're the worst especially in that people page they run stories that you see every whilst like two three days before They just discovered that Diana you're doing too good U.S. Intelligence speaking and not doing too good U.S. Intelligence vobbled 911 clues as CBS news American intelligence agencies received formal reports of terrorists plotting to use planes as weapons before 911 and the US government is previously acknowledged Congressional investigators said yesterday House and Senate intelligence encouraged the director Eleanor Hill told committee members that intelligence officials picked up overseas warnings prior to the actual attacks The community continually that Sunni extremists associated with al-Qaeda were most likely to attempt spectacular attacks resulting in numerous casualties Hill also told of warnings of explosives laden planes flying into buildings in this country report CBS news correspondent Howard Aaronstein Chief Washington correspondent Bob Sheefer was 120 years old reports investigators have any had found specific information showing that anyone in the government had information the attack would be on the world threats in around 911 Investigators said the agencies never look closely at the potential threat of hijack airliner's flying into buildings And we should hasten to point out that the world trade center was mentioned several times not only that, but of course it already been attacked in 1993 Hill statement was presented to committee members yesterday at the increased first public hearings law makers have been meeting behind closed door since June Looking into intelligence figures leading up to the attack now that can be corrected Christian Brightwiseer who has been died the world trade center seemed bitter now a full year later which time to look back and investigate our failures as a nation she be testifying These public hearings are part of our search for the truth not to point fingers of him blame, but with the goal of identifying correcting whatever systemic problems might have prevented our government from detecting and disrupting al-Qaeda's plots said BDI Senator Bob Graham chairman of the Senate intelligence committee. I think the systemic problem is called incompetence that's the word for it Here a lot line 12 examples of intelligence information on the possible terrorist use of airplanes as weapons they be back to 1994 the last example occurred among before the attacks When intelligence agencies were told of a possible bin Laden plot to bomb US embassy in Nairobi, Kenya or crash a plane into it, but it contained no specifics pointed the impending 911 attacks Other intelligence suggested that bin Laden support is my crash a plane into the a US airport or conduct a plot involving aircraft at New York and Washington the report said New York and Washington, Tom from mid-year, the bill you while generally aware the possibility of the method of attack the intelligence community did not produce any specific assessments of the likely who the terrorist would use airplanes as weapons reports said With revelations in the spring that President Bush had learned a month before the attacks that been Laden wanted to hijack airplanes the White House defended the lack of disclosure of the information by saying the president's briefing detail plans for traditional hijackings not the use of airplanes as weapons National security adviser kind of leaves the rice said at the time that the threat was vegan and corroborated that's kind of leaves the rice who used to be the head of Chevron I don't think any but not the head but used to be on a board of Chevron. I don't think anybody could have predicted they would try to use an airplane as a missile. I said had the president know something more specific or known that a plane was going to be used as a missile he would have acted on it Congressional investigators also said that in the intelligence briefing two months before the nine eleven attack warned that Osama bin Laden would launch a spectacular terrorist attack against us or Israeli interests Between May and July 2001 the national security agency reported at least 33 communications indicating a possible imminent terrorist attack. Let me ask you as my memory fading me or did we didn't we go into orange alert back then to You know what I think that we go into what we didn't even have it. Oh, that's right The July 2001 briefing for senior government officials said that based on a review of intelligence information over five months We believe that bin Laden will launch a significant terrorist attack against us and or Israeli interests in the coming weeks. That was in July 2001 Of course it was just a few weeks later that happened But he'll set the credibility the sources for sometimes questionable and no specific details about the attacks were available And days after the US put a bounty on Osama Yamama the terror mastermind counted with a nine million dollar reward to whoever assassinated the heads of the CIA FBI another top government officials this all could also came out there. He's yesterday In congressional report released yesterday said the blood money offer was made in November of 98 the price was put on the heads of CIA director George Tenant Defense Secretary William Cohen and Secretary of State Madeline all bright the Fed's learned in 2000 that they were also plotting was assassinated FBI director Louis free Bin Laden and his senior advisors apparently decided to dangle the nine million dollar reward before his followers shortly after the US offered five million for the capture of the al-Qaeda terror leader The US rewards since been creased to 25 million. It's not clear whether al-Qaeda's still able to make good on its offer You think they are By the way, have we found him yet? No Like everybody says at least we know where a sad amaz anyway, and we didn't do to the job of getting rid of him either Didn't do to get a job of that because he's got all those all those joints, you know, yeah, and he's smoking. It's what we're hearing I need to keep folks on a pool already The most evil person in South Florida because you know these days that we live in now a lot of evil people running around doing a lot of evil things A lot of evil doers May your Alice Pingu Piccania as for it's the lead with 31 H. Wayne high pingu 24 Gil Carroyo 14, Mohour David with 12, Greg Reed 6, Peter Bolger with 3 Nick and Marl with 3 Coming up on 9.56 at QA and we got to manage a one hand Goldberg of 3 would be no cook again Wow my god between five and six, Hank's on 3 to 6.30 with little bino in there And believe we'll need it when you hear that guy Marlins on deck 6.30, Marlins on the spos at 705 followed by ATK and Jo and Mark the dirty boys over night And it was that gingerland tonight that I'm always salivating about I guess gingerland Now she must be Kim to Amberlin. I don't think so. Come on. How about Lynn Fratis? I'll bother. 9.56 at 5.60 WQM by now you've heard the incredible earning potential like computer professional And you've also heard us talk about the incredible demand for a certified computer professionals in the fact that Todd wreck is a Slaakard who refuses to get off his ass. You've also heard the Tuss talk about the great people of fast train So it's time to do yourself a big favor pick up the phone and call fast train toll free And 1.86 fast train you can complete your program get certified in just for sure Months and beyond your way to a new higher paying career to fast train is got for convenient locations all over day and Browdocling that brand new one and highly congested Kindle fast trains got convenient day evening Classes to fit your busy schedule fast train is a full-time job placement department over 30 years experience So they'll get you into the field don't delay pick up the phone a car good friends If fast train at 1.86 fast train and let them get you on a way to a real honest igoon is career making some serious books That's one 866 fast train where you can check them out on the web if you like it fast train dot com My It's day Yeah Bracom each way housing the such an asshole He's just like Hitler and they will run what's that he's pounding on I Has Has We just look at the central asshole He only It's pretty close when I think of the most evil man in soft floor's got 36 votes mayor ping up a kina 33 just changing 37 or 34 feel cattaro 18 more Howard David's got 15 pretty good mo Greg Reed would six nick the viral with five and pd bulldozer's only got three now did muff come in there and give you this facts to fast to me Yes, and do you do with the straight face? Yeah, did you read it? No, oh Wait, did you hear with his faxes? I sure hope he's in a minute. I know that if it's something about the phones in the engineer can George call at one pm today to get the phones working please let me know Doff no the answer is no haven't already made that clear don't you think I expected I guess he's not listening out of these back. He's not listening go back home tough because at least when you were home you listen to the show No, I Didn't make myself fearful was a problem on that end or like somewhere in between with some kind of a technical thing that needed to be taken care of with a phone company around that end then they could like take care of it But the meantime now that I know that it's here and since we're not going to be using the phones any time before I leave here in a few weeks It makes sense to get the in the Toronto engineer a person that they don't want to do that because then they're going to have to pay him see You see what I'm saying? I see but it's too freaking bad because they're going to have to do it get his ass up here and Have him take care of that and then also check out the overhead and I mean the the thing the talk back this Yeah, I'm going to Carlos city. Yeah, but we know if it dumps it. He's got he's got to come in here like fine tune the damn thing It's like a tune up for a car for a beat up old car same thing with here So the answer is You know, plus it's Thursday anyway, Duffett's made day. Mayday like late like rich generate would say mayday mayday, but this was an M.A. ID made day That's right, Duffett's time to get made you should know something about that made or laid But anyway, so one o'clock I go zooming out to the wrong Thursday and this is what you wouldn't make any of it's what they was because the answer is still no And you know what they're going to say again. We'll see he changes his mind. He was all it's not a question of changing my mind I know that I know that requires crawling around on a floor here and doing a whole bunch of crap on this and I'm not interested in that I'm not interested in playing engineer you follow what I'm saying what he's saying past the message along with that clown here We got two now we got two chiefs before we didn't have any then we had an interim kind of chief and Duffett was in there And a guy named straight jacket somewhere trying to get his brains unscramble because Greg lies so much and Now we got two hunches Carlos can't find anybody who'll talk him a bug getting paid and now Duff even though I made it very clear the answer is no He wants to know can the engineers call me a one o'clock. I guess what the answer is no very very simple nay yet nine no what other language tag in no Spanish no English no Wow Anyway, 10 or four five sixty WQM. I tell you I wasn't such a good mood today and you know what I'm always in a good mood here Remember what we're taking calls the first few days when I started doing the shows here and we get those ass sucking calls Boy, you sure sound happy like you're doing a good mood up there. I am I'm an essential mood I love it. It's like a real place with real people. I feel like I'm like a living like a real life. You know what I'm saying? What he's saying? I'm saying that sucks there is what I'm saying and of course part of the reason it sucks there is what's going on in that building a bunch of people running around a halls Going move in desk everybody's got an office now everybody's got a title and we still can't get anything done right If they have part like a mental hernia to get somebody to send you a piece of copy and a joint and By the way, skip a you're not fooling anybody Take the word sloth out of that copy and the facts is it back to me here sloth on this sweetheart. You won't be there long 125 votes on the pool. How come I got so worked up today, huh? I don't know We decent and must be this picture that you sent me yesterday. Maybe they got me all whipped up to a frenzy Didn't you facts this to me with Chelsea? No, well, who the hell facts this to me then? Controversy after PA you oh it was you didn't know you didn't facts it to me. It was in that it was in that FedEx. Oh, okay You put a whole bunch of stuff in there by mistake Sorry you're you got so curious. I was trying to be so efficient that he not only facts me a CD, but in there he put he put his menu from balance for life What did you get that by the way? The bubble good-oosh? No, did you get the menu that I passed you that yes, I did. Thank you very much Bob again, he's making a joke about it She I was gonna talk about the good stuff that's on them and you're like the turkey meat balls with barbecue sauce and the shrimp cocktail would lemon rice and the turkey Hamling and spinach egg and cheese burrito and the sweet potato pancakes with turkey and eggs Benedict and All kinds of good stuff and then I noticed today Oh, this is for next Thursday So just keep it in mind for your small morning snack choose the shrimp cocktail with lemon rice It's the Boba ganush with turkey Boba ganush That's right, man. He's got quite a sense of humor anyway. Well, what got me all whipped up was this picture That was also when their controversy after people magazine pictures Chelsea Clinton and their row state I had that story on the enemies ago and it would be hold here's the picture much a do about nothing She went where's up wrong. Her boyfriend is got his hands around her waist From behind he smiled and she's She's got her eyes like kind of closed and there's nothing going on there. You know those are maybe a little bit perky Like there are animals have never been perky. Okay, believe me. There may nothing about her that's perky jerky Maybe perky flicker She ain't perky, okay. Nobody would touch her and In fact, this kid what's down? He all over her for Then you tell me he comes from a family with big money or something. I to remember he has political aspirations Ian Claus just maybe knows Claus Barbie But in any way or maybe Barbie doll because she sure is how would make one hell of an ugly Barbie doll She is gross. She is gruesome She is one of the ugliest creatures that ever she makes me look like I named Robbie Benson that's how ugly that picture She makes fat boy look like Tom Brady She is nasty and remember that period of time elicited for about a week. Oh, she's the hot new sex symbol Right, so is how my any gingle God Oh look at that You'll present with a dumb look on his face. Met dumber than you look at that people No, you're an Alfredy bush man. Oh man. He's got the UMM written all over his puts good golly But it's not it's it this will be So the chance for Congress in the case support. Yeah, it indicates important how politically a week need they are right He's he doesn't even credit for that boy. He sure has helped play them like a fiddle Frick and Democrats. I told you both parties suck That's why I've jensey would just he would have a little bit more backbone But see he realized you know he just can't do that you can't tell in fact on that show last night on whatever the hell I show is hard hard balls And Chris Matthew says well how many of you people here would like to see Jesse run for governor again and it was like I've packed some booze, you know, but generally speaking that they like him for the deputy WF thing for the wrestling thing and for the fact that he says a lot of unorthodox things And he also was talking about the fact that he's ought to be in the military and women and in all the other stuff Women ought to be allowed to be in combat if they want How do you like that? Of course Spice scandal has reduced America's control of mission speaking of the warm-ungering bushmeister This is in the London Times The United States and its written by James Bohn in New York, you know old bone? Nope The US will find it hard to control the UN weapons inspectors in America as it once did because of changes made after US fine scandal rights mister Bohn The last weapons inspector it known as unskom was closed down in 1999 after the murder that Washington had used American members of its Instruction teams to spy on Iraq The new inspection agency known as um um mowvik was deliberately designed to reduce the Americans overwhelming influence Thus making it more difficult for Washington to provoke a crisis if it's so desires In the new body Americans play a reduced role in planning inspection missions and unlike its predecessor Will not use US government staff Perhaps the most telling change with the abolition of the powerful post-of-deppy detearment which was always held by an American The highest ranking American in the agency now has a relatively lowly job in charge of the training division The key post of activity of aduations held by a Chinese official by sure hoping on poison their food that that of liaising with foreign governments and companies is held by a Russian First love that word liaising New and another key reformers that the inspectors no longer use US spy satellites But employ commercial satellite companies instead But there have been many more subtle innovation such as giving all new inspectors cultural sensitivity training The changes were all part of a grand diplomatic bargain struck After withdrawal of unskom inspectors in 1998 when it emerged that American members had planted bugs and even installed a safe In the one office and bagged at containing communications equipment to beam information up to satellites The original US ceasefire teams at the end of 1991 Gulf War were clear Iraq could get sanctions lifted only in return for a full cooperation in eliminating its weapons of As destruction The 1999 risk loose net established unmovec however Schetch the New Deal and less rigid terms These suspension but not lifting of sanctions in return for progress on key remaining disarmament tasks Unmovec now has a roster of 220 trained inspectors from 44 countries including Stephen Hattbull Including Stephen Hattbull the former US government researcher who's home has been searched repeatedly by the FBI In connection with the investigation in last year's anthrax attacks Mr. Blix met Iraqi officials last night was due to brief the win security council on his talks with him today Stephen Hattbull well big the way from the get out of the country and stop being handled do you know Poor Stevie More terrorism concerns this from ABC news The FBI sent an notice to thousands of law enforcement officers yesterday warning that warning them that terrorists may be developing a new way to hijack past new jets government sources told ABC news The agency also was concerned that the al-Qadutare network is searching for new ways to sneak explosives on planes Explosive that can't be detected Law enforcement sources emphasize that the al-Qadutare discussion took place before last year's 911 attacks and that there's no information indicating current ongoing planning And today's weekly intelligence bulletin yesterday Distributed to 18,000 law enforcement agencies around the country the FBI warned that al-Qadutamabbers have discussed hijacking a commercial airliner Using Muslim extremist of non-Arabic appearance to select fast security The bulletin is based on interrogation of an al-Qadutamabra in detention This is a very smart bunch of people and they definitely think of all the angles had Robert Blitzer Former FBI chief of the domestic terrorism capitalism planning section no relation to wolflets creed They're all very creative. He said just look at how well they hit themselves here in the US prior to the 911 attacks The discussions involved using 10 to 20 chechen Muslims affiliated with al-Qadut But already present in the US to overwhelm the crew after taking seats in first class accordingly FBI bulletin Other discussions called for a sneaking liquid explosives mixed with coffee and brought all the planning carry on bags Aviation sources said current airport technology would not detect such explosives even though they are kind of plans Would have helped before 911 sources say given al-Qadutamabra's tendency to her long-term planning There's no reason for concern al-Qadutamabra does plan years in advance We've seen this over and over again, but who said very very long planning cycles sometimes up to two to five years You better now Much yeah sit back and relax for a little while We're not uh 12 minutes after 10 at five 60 WQ and we got the mad dog Jim manager come up one o'clock this afternoon the hysterical hound When you shop for quality shoes put where and What is it when you shop for quality for where selection professional service are mighty important for you But what we're talking about that's why good tongue tied is price because that's what most people are shopping for They know what brandies are gonna get great shoes and all the top names but price they want to know about They know they're gonna get knowledgeable people to know your feet inside not and give you great friendly personal service But prices what they're concerned about well, let me tell you right now Brandy's is unbeatable, which is why they're still going strong in that same great location They've been for about six thousand years and they got all the top names in the shoe business Rock ports SAS Spirit timber the naturalizer and all the other top names you know and love as well Brandy's is open every day if you're like from nine to nine Sunday's tindio five and you'll find him in that Stupidest location like I said 12 mighty north federal highway and Pompano Beach and the final summer close-out Sales continues for an extra week this week right now for a special Group of famous brands it's the big close-out with up to 73% savings this week right now at brand issues in Pompano Beach Well, they've break that fucking guy's neck Oh Oh Oh, same. Can I come save your pain? Will you be feeling pretty sad? But there's nothing left in fact that it's at the smoke. Oh, same. Here comes major pain. Let's go, mama. Or you as they attack. Come on, lead us crack. Oh, great, right. Better get at black. Welcome. Who will save? Here comes major pain. That's the major pain. All right. 1018 at five 60. Oh, there's major pain. Explain. The DEA has documented over seven. Government announces arrest in date rape drug ring. And there's John and her IR ask ask rod. Mom, death over the. Heinrich Von Ask rod. These drugs are frequently used at so-called rape parties on college campuses and nightclubs. And they've had devastating consequences, particularly to young women who have fallen victim to date rape. After unwittingly consuming the chemicals. These arrest make it clear that those who use the internet to conduct illegal drug. Where be I? Where be I? Where be I? And this guy is just gonna get out of here. Get out of here. Get him off my show. Here, my, uh, Gary Jr. What, he makes me nauseous. 1018 at five 60 WCOM and Boa, I tell ya. These preach stories just when you think you're finished. They'll just keep, they keep pouring in. Thank goodness the mainstream media's gotten off their ass about it though. You know, because we got more important fish to fry. More important, uh, schmotha heads to fry. Judge closes hearings on a well-bushes clinic workers. A judge yesterday close to the public hearing to determine whether for drug rehab workers. Where in a well-bushes receiving treatment must answer police questions about the governor's daughter. Police officers received the report last week that the well-bush had crack cocaine and her shoe. How come ask Crofts not talking about that? But workers, if he sent a for drug free living, are refused to cooperate, citing privacy concerns. The orange Oceola state attorney's office has opinioned the foreworkers to compel him to answer questions. Circuit Judge Belvin Perry today closed the hearing to reporters, citing public health laws that protect people in drug and alcohol treatment programs. Margaret Cousanne and attorney for the Orlando Sentinel argued that there was a public interest in the case, since it involved the governor's daughter. Assistant state attorney Jeff Ashton, on not taking a position on whether the hearing should be public, said that prosecutors were seeking records, but information on what was said between the drug we have workers and the police. Carlos Barezo, attorney for the rehab workers, said that openly hearing would violate patient confidentiality laws. Perry said he'd make a decision next week. Police said two tenths of a gram of point two grams of crack cocaine were found in the well-sueless week after they were called to the center by another patient. But Bush was not arrested because officers couldn't get sworn statements from the staffers at the Center for Drug Free Living. In July, she spent about 48 hours in the Orange County jail after the Center staff members caught her with an unauthorized prescription drugs. Since then, she's been receiving positive reviews from Whitehead. Bush Denise of El President, they moved to the Center in Femble after she was arrested. Of course, in tele-hancy, if you're trying to pass a fake prescription for Zannax, which George could have got her all she wanted. No problem at all, right? Right? Well, for a price. Yeah, you better call up that Center for Drug Free having given the one new number. Okay, keep her out of trouble. She's ugly. Yes, you're all. She's scary. And again, like I said, could happen in any family happens in the best of families. Just like George McGurburne said about her daughter died of alcoholism. They found her dead in a snow bank. But the fact of the matter is that most families are good. He too shoes run her mom telling everybody how much better they are in everybody else. Which the Bushies are always doing. In the meantime, they're trying to cover up one scandal after another. I wonder how that woman's doing in Texas. The woman they finally shut up, you know, be put in the election with that rate of that rate deal. Yeah, remember that? Yeah. And then of course, that was that picture of President S. Sloshed out of his mind with that booze in his hand. But anyway, it must have just been. It was like lemonade. It was ginger rail. Remember that? Uh-huh. That little, uh, yeah, no, not alcoholic. Why would you presume such a thing? Because I'm a bastard. Gainesville, Mr. arrested on charges of molesting boy. There's a bastard. A pastor who worked at a church in Gainesville for 18 years has been arrested for allegedly molesting a teenage boy North Carolina earlier this year. Reverend John Sherhouse, 51, was charged with taking liberties with the minor child said Paula Towns and a spokeswoman for the Natalya County Sheriff's Office in Boone, North Carolina. Is that anywhere near you? That's very near me. My brother graduated from that high school. Really? Yes. Well, he wasn't molested by this suppressed was he? I'll ask. Arrhythmic. This was a pastor. This was, oh, thank God. We were going to the Catholic Church in North Carolina. Mama wanted to take communion so we went to Piscopal. Townsend said, sure, I've been freed on $10,000 by the hearing in the cases. I'm from November, which is, we'll talk about counties on the North Carolina Tennessee border. Oh, my God, what a horrible place that must be. A grand jury in North Carolina and died in the last month court record show that charged stems from an incident in June, 27th. Sure, I've been placed on medical leave from Gainesville's first Baptist Church in July and was to resign at the end of the year. Said, Reverend John Ferris, the church has seen your pastor. The medical leave includes full salary. Benefits allow us as medical coverage to continue. Reverend sure house made me aware of the circumstances in his life, but I said, he felt like he needed to be relieved from his duties. Sure house referred questions about the case. It was North Carolina based attorney Scott Casey, but told again, it was son, not to jump to conclusions, not to speculate to allow the judicial system to work. He will not be allowed to return to the church's congregation. I just gotta retire anyway. Right? Right on. Laws who alleges art's dice is considered to hide the abuse. This is from Boston.com, which I just mentioned a little while ago. A Boston lawyer filed a civil lawsuit yesterday accusing the arts dices of Boston of conspiring to cover up a lead sexual misconduct by 12 priest over 50 years. How do you like them at? Father old tool. Laws who filed by Carmen Dursu on behalf of 27 plaintiffs says that church officials failed to be spotted complaints of sex abuse protecting the 12 alleged perpetrators and tried to cover up the evidence of abuse. This has been going on for years and years and years, Dursu said, individuals in the dice has been aware that it's been going on and haven't done a goddamn thing. I don't think he said goddamn thing. I know about it. I voted. How's that pull coming? 166 votes. Who's the most evil person in South Florida? Mayor Alex Pingu Piccini of 50. Wayne Hypinga 45. Joe Carrillo 26. Mohour David 23 is a pretty good season at top four. Greg Reed 13. Nick Navarro 5 and Little Peaty Bulgers only got four. I guarantee you follow the people he screwed over in there the broadcasting business. If they were less than right now, if they were right near their computer, he'd have like a whole bunch. PD Bulger make no mistake about that. Two more Shaviris students alleged abuse. Am I saying that right Portland main? I don't know. I don't mean to do why I need to win a nobody would know. Unless they're from Portland main. Two more former Shaviris high school students are accusing the Reverend James Talbot of sexually abusing them according to a lawyer representing the Jizwat's alleged victims. And were John Key Talbot talking player? No. Talbot was set to be a rain today and Massachusetts on the charges he molested three Boston College high school students in the 70s. He also faces allegations of abuse and main. He was transferred to Shaviris in 1980. For years, Michael Dordy was the only Shaviris student who accused the popular coach and charismatic teacher, Sessional and propriety. Talbot was suspended from teaching after Dordy sued him in 1998. Now to other men say Talbot accused them. While students at the school several years ago, a Dordy's experience. What is it? Let me try that again. Now to other men say Talbot have used them all students at the school several years after Dordy's experience according to Rod McLean Jr., the attorney represents them, at least would not identify either man. He said, one is filed in negligence to against the society of Jesus and Boston and Boston College high school alleging that Talbot supervisors knew or should have known about his behavior and taken action to stop it before his transfer into Shaviris. McLean said the other man is also preparing to follow a lawsuit. Good for him. So there is. Okay. Butch of Barbison Aguiam. 1026, butch of hypocrites, baby. Butch of fingerpoint and hypocrites. 1026 and 560 WQA. If you look into the mirror, one way we're at all a way to where it vanished to. Down the drain, down the turlet, on the floor and wherever you're here we're talking about. Are you guys? Here's the answer. You're not going to get a pack by osmosis. Schmerner, much of stuff on your head isn't going to do it. Take it a bunch of dangerous pills. Isn't a smart way to do it? If you want to get a great look ahead of here, there's only one guy can help you do it. That's Charles Alfier. He's been helping the famous and even slippers like you for more than 25 years. And the reason that even famous people, but the utils of money go to Charlie is because for no amount of money in the world, can you get a better look ahead of here? The natural hairline system is the way to go. It makes you look sensational. It looks like they're really going out of your scalp. So the choices for everybody got really three choices. Stay, you know, continue walking around like a cubal if you want. We almost know here. Number two, you can put a dead animal on your head like Bob Eisenberg and Moe. Or number three, you can go see Charlie get that natural hairline system. And actually, the arages when you call to get that special $200 discount as well. And Charlie also services and repairs all kinds of hairline systems while you wait for only 25 to 30 bucks. And when you get the natural hairline system at the LPR studios, everybody gets Charlie's 30 day guarantee. If after 30 days you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells, if you're not getting laid like at least every hour on the hour. Charlie will give you a full refund. So you have nothing to lose, but that I will be bald spot. Call right now. Toal free 1-800-321-2413. That's 1-800-321-2413 or log under their prestigious website at Charles Offieri.com. That's the way to do it. I'm going to make you a little more. We are supposed to be in 504. You AM. God. Coming up tonight, on inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story, we take a good, hard, stiff look and a start-up. It only took one hit for them to burn their freaking song into our brains. But it only took one man to bring them to their freaking knees. They were after the fire. Don't turn around. Don't turn around. Don't turn around. Come and stop. Don't turn around. So we're recording the song, right? And I know it's missing something. But I don't know what lead singer Jack Wawford talks about his so-called creative process. So I'm singing out loud. Don't turn around. And just then the janitor is walking behind and he goes, Uh-oh. And I go, they're coming, sozin down. And he goes, uh-oh. And right then I knew he had a hit. Unfortunately for the band, so did the janitor, Ron Vustum. Hey, it was my, uh-oh, that made that song so popular. I was making sh**t money as a janitor. I figured why not Rememame Good. Ron hired a sleazy lawyer who tricked the band to the paying Ron 5,000 dollars. Every Uh-oh. Every time the song was played anywhere in the world for his entire life. That oily little bastard. I mean, 5,000 every time he goes, uh-oh. We were broken about 20 minutes. I worked at borders for crying out loud. Meanwhile, that is the way in Villa, Ron the janitor has obtained rock star cult status, which he openly uses to get laid a lot. Oh, Ron. Do it again, Ron. Uh-oh. Oh, yeah, baby. Uh-oh. Oh, Ron. After the fire, they learned the hard way, not to let a janitor go, uh-oh, in your song. It's a big juicy, sobbing wet-look at show business tonight on inside the mind. Uh-oh. Oh, 1033 and 560 WQAM. They just keep getting better, you know? Yep. Stayed ask for election help from justice department in November elections. We need some help. That's what the state is saying. And believe me, they do. The state asked, by the way, did you all convey that message to Muff? No. That was the message. No, that was the correct message. Hey, Carlos, go tell the answer. No, go tell, tell the answer is no, and start listening to the show and quit the, we don't need him back. We got two useless people in our building now. We got Muff and Clarence. I guess they're splitting up the duties. And like Jason used to do and take pictures of them. The state asked you as department adjusts his Wednesday to help, but to send help to run a repeatedly Boshed Primer election in two South Florida counties in November's general election. Confidence in the state's efforts to reform its election system has been shaken by the problems in Dayton, Broward County Secretary of Jim Smith be saying and led it to attorney general John Ascro. Oh, ho, ho, ho, that should take care of it. Let's get the feds in there, huh? Let's go. Now that Jav is ran for reelection, let's get some of the bush mice through people in there to count the votes by hand. Smith Florida's top elections official said the state is reviewing the problems and asked Ascro to take whatever steps you Dean necessary to participate in this review. He also asked the Justice Department with the election supervisors in ensuring a smooth, general election. Regrettably the difficulties in the Dade Broward counties have driven some to question the wisdom and effectiveness of these and athletic measures thus the fate of election reform in Florida and perhaps our nation rest upon the immediate and effective responsiveness, road Governor Jeff Vost of Presidents and Brother also sent Asked Wright letter supporting Smith's request. Yeah, he probably tells him we need some help because I gotta real candidate here now, Bill McBride, who could beat my ass who can whip the crap out of me in November if you don't sense some feds down here to box up the votes for us. Earlier Wednesday, Vostian Smith said Broward County Commissioner should take over the November Fed General election from the counties against another botched election, some said he would try and pressure, brow election supervisor Miriam Elephant to accept a proposal by brow commission Sheryl and Laurie Perish that the commission have county workers open to polls, staff them and close them and that sheriff's deputies deliver ballot boxes to counting setters instead of having them sit around for about a up to a week to see that's the right. Yes. Yeah, they just kind of been sitting around here and there and then the one guy took them home because you know there was nobody else around a given to. Just unbelievable. Unbelievable. If it was any place else but in Florida of course especially in South Florida, very believable because it's the effort in way we do things. 186 votes on the poll, who is the most evil person in South Florida, Mayor Alice Pinga Picanya, 55 but it's a good two-ours race. Wayne Highping has got 50. Joe Carroyo, 31. Mohour David 26, Greg Reed 13, Nick de Maro 6 and Pete Bulls again is second win. He's the back-home in hind end with only five votes. That's place. Ron Speld implores Congress to quickly pass resolution giving president to move on Iraq. Congress must authorize the use of military force against Iraq before the UN Security Council votes on the issue defense secretary down to Ron Speld told Congress yesterday. Did you see what you didn't because we were on the air? But when he started going to that thing about the smallpox, yeah, that was one of the most grotesque one of the most irresponsible and they just hit their listening. Like this is a man who's talking rationally. We already know about the dangers of smallpox and the fact that lunatics, if they want to do a biological attack on any country that smallpox is one of the things they might use. But here's our good buddy, Sodom, who, uh, Rumsfeld back just a few years ago was over there sucking his toes, uh, biological weapons on a mainland here, based on what? Based on the figment of his imagination because they're desperate. They're desperate to justify this war that they've already got drummed up. We've already, if we're already moving all of our goddamn ships over there and all of our armorments, we're already getting put in everybody in place. This is like Tessio again. That's what Bush told the told the Sodom on the phone. Others said, you screwed up all my plans. When he said, oh, you bring inspectors back in. Screwed up all his plans. The goal isn't inspections. The goal is disarmament Rumsfeld said. That's what he reckoned we to do. And of course, every week they give us a different story. First it was uh, disarmament. Now I'm going to take that back. First it was inspections. Right. It was disarmament. And finally it was regime change. Now they've gone from regime change back to disarmament because regime change sounds to much like a assassination. And $200 billion like the Sodom and a lot too much money to assassinate somebody. Plus all the lives that would be lost. Just absolutely unbelievable. And I'll say it again on a goddamn show last night that Chris Matthews showing he makes me sick by the way. I'm a Chris Matthews show. Oh, you, you should have seen one he asked, or just even to her about the religion quotes in playboy. Yeah. And he gave him the opportunity to like the back track or we're allowed of it. Mm-hmm. And and Jesse says, well, he says, why should I change my comments? Why should I feel bad about it? He said, go. What happened? I'm 9-11. That was about religious fanatics. Right. And Chris Matthews looks at him with a straight faces. Oh, you think that's what was behind it? What is that? This is what you people get from the so-called mainstream media, especially the electronic media, because they're a peeing in their pants. They're afraid that they're going to offend some sponsors somewhere. So they're not going to give you the goddamn truth, especially when it comes to religion. They're scared, crapples of religion. And even those college students, a couple of comments he made, they said they're like, oh, like how like that? Because they're all good brainwashed Americans. We've had their brains at least a good part of their brains stolen from them, believing in the God bull crap and the tooth variable crap and the buggy man bull crap. And just like that, so I had the other day said, now, now we're going back to the buggy man stuff. That's what the bush might do is the warmongers, the chicken hocks. That's what they're prepping to the world now. Is the buggy man deal. And it still can't find that song. What is that? On your buggy man. Oh, it's there. It's on the KC. It's on a white album, white CD. Okay, in the record, a box. You haven't lost the George. You still got that great sense of humor. Oh, it's speaking of rigging polls. In the prestigious globe, all the tabloids, at least some of them came out again yesterday. And when those tabloids come out, man, I'm on top of them. I rigged American idol fan manipulated, putting for Kelly with computer trickery. So that asshole we got out there, likes to dip with our poll. He's small potatoes. This guy, I'm going to get to the straight man. This guy rigged with millions of votes. How do you like that? Not a couple hundred here and a couple hundred. With millions of votes. Do you believe it? I believe it. Ray, we're saying that. They were saying that alone. But they smelled a rat. And it wasn't in China. How about that rat poison thing, huh? I think maybe we'll have to take back what I said about the Chinese. I made like a blanket endorsement. And you, of course, on the other hand, making a blanket indictment. So it's all being barbarians. The truth is there's somewhere in between. There's a z... Do you have any idea how many Chinese people are in the Toronto? I don't know, million. Fifty trillion. Just to give you an idea, there's not one. Not two. There are three China towns. Wow. Where's China town in South Florida, by the way? Toronto. Yeah, that's right. There is no China town. In fact, Miami is the only supposed, and I say, suppose it made your metropolitan city, they don't have a China town. Whoever heard of like a real major city, without a China town, they got plenty everywhere else. I see. Why would they go somewhere? You're just defending because what we got is Cuba town. Not China, not the... Not the... It begins with a sea. I don't live there. In fact, Cuba, see you next time. We got Cuba town, not China town. We're going to take a poll on that one. What would you rather have in South Florida? A whole bunch of Cubans are a bunch of chinks, huh? And I guarantee you the chinks win. You're entading. Hands down your pants. Even with the rat poison. It's a night. Ninth, how come I'm so glad they have worked up today? You know what? It is a... It's that clearance who pisses me off, man. Going into hiding. Oh, well, he's an important meeting, so then we got the guy named Dave Wantset. What does he got to do with a Dave Wantset? He was he back to being a fucking producer again. With a little cassette recorder? Remember that day? They had the Dave Wantset show on. It was a... Was it Wantset? It was a... It was a Jimmy Johnson was still there. The coach's show with Hank. And the tape was like all-morbble up. Remember that day? Sure. And I... And poor muff. I hope muffs not less than right now. Because he was the program director at that time. And was crap in in his pants. Don't worry about that. Because the tape was... Hey coach! Yeah! Yeah, like that. Like that. I'm meeting right now, so then we're able to deliver that message. He's in a meeting right now? Yes. Well, slip it out of his door and tell me answer is no. Anyways, 19-11 at 5-60 WQM. Tom Layman is added to get a Hall of Pontiac GMC. They are absolutely doing it like they always do. They always give you fantastic deals. And right now the deal is 0% financing is continuing. That is correct. You heard me right with a proof credit from GMACC. You can get 0% financing up to 36 months on all 2003 Pontiac GMC models. Or your choice is yours. You can take a rebate of up to 4 grand on all 2002 Pontiacs or GMC models in stock. And they got a ton of them. Exactly. What you're looking for. Why do you read Hall of Fischer and take a look at the complete line of GMC SUVs? And don't forget, Helen Scott, a dependable selection of great P.O. and Cars Truck's SUVs on a lot as well. Queta problems if you've been turned off or credit by any other car dealer anywhere in the world. So, for an unbeatable deal for great service if you want to be treated right like a human, no high pressure, no BS. This is the place. How did Pontiac GMC at 134-01-Satrix EIway that's US 1 across from the falls open every single day of your life. 7 days a week. For more information call 305-238-4040 that's 305-238-4045 when you go down there. Ash Tamlem and who he thinks is the most evil person in Dave County, Hillthead. Now at Pontiac GMC we are professional grades. We're going to do the challenge, we're in Alpha Hall. We're going to do the challenge, we're going to do the challenge, we're going to do the challenge, we're going to do the challenge, we're going to do the challenge, we're going to do the challenge, we're going to do the challenge, we're going to do the challenge, we're going to do the challenge. Okay 1047 and everyone step on the end of that because it's tough to get off your shoes usually after throw them away, you know. But that's one of the dangers of being an Amsterdam and doing a lot of walking like I do. Doggy do? Oh, doggy do. I mean, doggy is do a lot. Are you? Everybody must have a dog there. Strange dogs too, you don't see like a lot of normal dogs, you see all these unusual breeds, you know, for a dog. How many people are there too? But anyway, there's more dog crap on the streets and the sidewalks, because there aren't like a lot of green areas I've put it that before. Right. So they just, you know, when you dog walk in your dog, it's just squats on the sidewalk or hopefully over. I told you the one day that guy was picking it up and, oh, Hollywood isn't wish marrying it around on the sidewalk. But it's a miracle, I never got even a slightest drop, some close calls, but never just like, because once you get on your shoe, I mean, there's some assholes out there like take the shoe home and wash it off. Yeah. Oh, some shoes you can do that with. No. All right. You think you can, but the, the aroma, the aroma will linger, just like that number I dropped in the elevator or I mean, like rubber sold shoes and just gets on the bottom, you can hose that off. Yeah, you can hose it off. Oh, is it? Yeah, of course not everybody, yeah, it's gets their shoes free like I do from new balance, but that is a side of point. You know, just went and dropped your o'clock in the new pair. Yo, it's you, fast it, yeah. Hey, I learned it from some good friends of mine, okay, getting freebies. Jordan's secret deal would allow US forces to use country defense Israel. This is in news day today. I'm on Jordan, despite deep opposition in the U.S. plans for a war on Iraq, Jordan and the U.S. are secretly negotiating a deal to let US forces use the country of Jordan to defend Israel from Iraqi missiles according to Western diplomats and Jordanian officials. To up stabilize this strategically crucial kingdom against internal rebellion in the event of war, the US will guarantee the replacement of cheap oil supplies that Jordan now gets from Iraq. The sources said, you ready for that? There is that ugly three letter word again, oil. Or gas. With hundreds of Iraqi agents believed to be in Jordan, Jordan faces a particular threat of terrorism by Iraq's Biden intelligence network and intelligence officials in the region and Western diplomats be saying, Western intelligence agencies are cooperating with those in the Middle East and preparations to counter such a threat they said. Many analysts of the Arab world say US attack on Iraq would risk brought up people against pro-Western governments such as Jordan's and this politically fragile kingdom is not publicly agreed to cooperate with such an attack because of the pro-Iraq anti-American passions among many of its peoples. But privately, the government of King Abdullah II has decided to work with Washington because it sees the US as the eventual winner in a fight official said. In the 1991 Gulf War between Iraq and US blood coalition, Jordan suffered diplomatic vilification for sighting with Baghdad. Jordan's rulers now feel that it would be disastrous for the country to decide with an almost inevitable loser in a new war the officials be saying. Jordan and the US had been working together to avoid creating conditions that could cause a popular uprising here or an attempt to topple Abdul al-Fishul said. The US will not make requested Jordan that it knows Jordan politically can't carry out, said a Western diplomat. The real concern is that if something happens between Iraq and Israel, the havoc that Iraq could cause in Jordan. As part of a delicate agreement still being worked up, US forces would operate covertly from Jordan's eastern desert to attack mobile missile batteries in Western Iraq that Saddam Hussein could launch on Israel as he did in 1991. A recent study by London's International Institute of Strategic Studies estimated that Iraq has only a dozen scud missiles and none of the equipment to disperse chemical or biological weapons with much efficiency. I'd like to add a spike of the propaganda we're hearing from certain quarters in Washington. Like, here I'm Gary Jr. Rumsfeld, for example. I rigged American Idol. This is a neat globe and exclusive. Fan manipulated voting for Kelly with computer trickery. And there's plenty of pictures here and everything. And by the way, did I actually say that that kid was cute? The, the will in the game and the will the fro. Oh, I think one day in a moment of weakness, say, you had a cataract. Oh, man, he's gruesome. Grow Tesk. In a bombshell confession exclusive to the globe and have an American Idol view of the Clairs he and a pal, he appell, used a high speed telephone dialing device to cast millions of Oats each week and fix it so that Kelly Clarkson would win. After weeks of speculation that the caller results of Fox's mega head talonshow was skewed by fans using high-tech equipment, Roy McCoy of Captain Texas. He's the real McCoy. Is the first to come forward and say how it was done. I rigged American Idol. McCoy's 60-cylch tells us in a world exclusive. My friend has access to telephone dialing devices at the telemarketing firmware he works in Houston. And we used it to make millions of phone calls within a single hour. Do you believe that? Yeah. We were unable to manipulate devoting in each week. I picked off contestants one by one to make sure she's Kelly survived until the end of one. Next time in the building. Huh? That explains that. That's the end of the intuition. By manipulating the vote. And eliminating several restructors competitors, I kept around the show and eventually put over the top. I bet he'd like to put over the top of his lap. I don't know Kelly, but she was the best and she was from my home state. I did it for Texas and I proud of her done it. He said. McCoy who lived 60 miles outside of Burleson, Kelly's home town. Ah, says he got a special joy by eventually knocking off Christina Christian and Tamira Gray to have the mean judge Simon Calls Favorites. I can't stand Simon E. Mince, I love doing it to him. A core refuses to reveal the identity of his co-conspirator because his buddy fears he may be fired by the telemarketing firm now that the voting scheme has been revealed. When Glope put McCoy's reading claim to the test our expert says he's telling the truth, here's how McCoy's plot to control American idle work. You want to hear this? All right. Every week, Fox opened up special tool-free phone lines for each singer immediately after the show. By dining the number of their favorite and hanging up, viewers were able to instantly register their votes. McCoy says his scheme worked by using a high-speed computerized dining device. Although show executive say the votes from power, power, dollars were statistically insignificant. McCoy claimed that each of the 30 lines running from the device placed up to 120,000 calls in the two-hour period, a lot is forefoding each week, allowing him and his co-conspirator to call a staggering 3.6 million times. We used it to make sure my favorite contestants made it to the final round, and my least favorites were booted off the show's as McCoy. If we hadn't used the cast-medium's demands of votes for her, Kelly would not have been crowned the winner. He says, in all fairness, I don't think that every single call that we made counted as a vote because they're probably were busy signals, but if only 70 percent of those calls made it through, that's still a lot of votes, millions. There's been widespread speculation that this was happening. And August 19th headline in the Miami-Herald Red, phone breaks may be skewings, phone freaks, may be skewing idle votes. The article revealed, with fast internet connections and powerful computer-auto-dalling software about a hundred phone freaks are casting thousands of votes with the touch of a button produces acknowledged. Produces of the show acknowledge that. How do you like that? Yeah, I heard that. An AP story headline fixing American Idol Red, the self-professed phone freaks combined high-tech not know how a powerful auto-dalling software similar to what those pesky telemarketers employ and fast internet connections to make upward of 10,000 calls from a single phone line. And that's just one of the choices he did from the tiny Clinton population 3500 were the retired heavy equivalent operator lives with his wife, Mimi, 37, and son, Roy Jr. 6. What's his wife named Mimi? Uh. I had tripled bypass heart surge last year, so these days I spent most of my time recovering in the lazy board with Cliner Park and front bar cover TV, and of course says, from the very first time I saw American Idol, I was hooked. I wanted either Kelly or Nikki McKibbin to win because they're both from Texas. That's a good reason in it. Sure. He points out that both singers had close calls and were nearly eliminated, but says his millions of votes saved them. And when Poppeder Christina Christian was booted, the people of America didn't know that my votes for the others helped do it, Braggs McCoy, and just for the hell of it, my sister Johnny Lockeleer. Huh? His sister Johnny Lockeleer and I would hit up the redile on our personal phones and vote as many times as we could, even as the telemarketing equipment was running. In other words, it was a feeding frenzy. He says August 20th was the last night he manipulated the contest. All I had to do was make sure to mirror received the least number of votes, and my three favorites Kelly Nikki and Justin will be the last one standing. He says, once again, the great Simon Callack can be thanked for helping me decide to give to me the mood because of his predictions that she dominated the contest. The last thing I wanted he said was for one of Simon's predictions to come through. How do you like this, huh? Yep, I'll make sense now. Uh-huh. Another, another man with no life. Hey, hey, hey. Poor Joe, out of sight out of mind, baby. He's a distant third at the moment. This and third. You turned. Who's the most evil person in South Florida we asked today because the search for evil doors is hot and heavy all around the globe? All over the universe. Oh, I got a great story about the universe by the way. Do you see the Italians discovered water on distant planets? No. Well, we'll get to that. Can't wait. Anyway, we got the 231 votes. Mayor Alex Pinga Picanhia's got a very tiny lead just a hair, a twisted hair ahead. He's got 67, H Wayne High Pingo's got 64. So it's a battle of the pingas. Joe Carrillo, 40, Mohour David 32, Greg Reid 15, Nick de Maro has got eight and four p.d. soldiers still has only five. So I guess the array. Of course, all our radio people are probably at the soup kitchen. The people he's screwed over. And certainly probably had a pond there. Computers anyways. I'm not good. They vote. They have computers at the library. Oh no. Cowboys legend Bob Hayes that at 59. Remember Bob Hayes? No. Was at one time the fastest man on earth? What you should know that that he was the fastest. He died. Bob Hayes, the legendary Dallas Cowboys received an Olympic gold medal Sprinter died late Wednesday at 59. The fastest runner of his generation has done his home town Ajaxville, Florida where he had a better liver and kidney illness and prostate cancer. Oh boy. Chance hospital spokeswoman Joe Joanna Norse said the time of death was 11 15 p.m. last night. In 1964 the Cowboys took a chance on the former Florida A&M star with blazing speed. But I'm refined football skills. His rookie season with the Cowboys proved it was worth the risk he led the NFL and Avajar's per catch. Almost 40 years later, Gilbert admitted that he bent the rules in his recruitment of Hayes to play for the Cowboys. Now let's draft the Hayes as a future pick in 64. He's the only year college ball to play at A&M and in Olympics to run at Tokyo but brand the Cowboys personal director at the time. Wasn't going to lose this unique speed suit route to the rival American football league. Yaddi I butter. He's dead. Bob Hayes is dead. But that's depressing. Here's the fact from Eddie and homestead who says I support our leaders and this possible were on your rack when you get to the last sentence in here. It'll give you a tip off where 80's coming from. He signs homestead. I support our leaders and this possible runner rack. I also believe in free speech but you're wrong Neil. We need to wipe out all those people who want to hurt this country and its citizens to include your beloved Chinese. Eddie and homestead. P.S. Love your show till noon. Can't imagine where he goes over at noon. Party radio. Oh poor Eddie. For Eddie wants to hear all that right wing bull crab. Had a good time with it. Had a good time you and flush. Maybe you can loop. New sports tongue. What is this? I can't make out the thing on here. It's all black. I don't send it to anyone. Nobody cares about that. Let's get to the important stuff. One of the winners I think was the best new artist at the Land and Grammys last night in Los Angeles was a Cuban singer. Did you see that? No. It was a Cuban. What's the damn good thing? What's this? When and statin island it was closed temporarily because investigators were looking into a suspicious package on the bridge there. But they sniffed it all out and apparently things were there. It's nothing. Let us don't put this breaking news crap on there. Unless you got something good at CNN. You idiots. You grave robbers. You lunatic. I'll tell you who to me is one of the worst. I mean just annoying is hell. Is that red-haired bad hair piece Aaron Brown? You know what I'm talking about? Yes. He is the whinyest, most syrupy. And he any pontificates. He had a twirlizes. He was on there the other night. He isn't. It's not. It's not enough for him just to be a news guy, which is all he's supposed to be. But he's on their pontificating and preaching. It was at about well. There are some people who actually suggested the Bush administration wants to invade Iraq because of oil. And he's going on with all these ridiculous comics that I'm screaming at the set. You know, I'm channel surfing. I'm going for my missing B.C. over to CNN. You know, it's just in case there might be something going on like the end of the world. Something in minor like that. Yeah. There's that asshole. He really is. He's pathetic. He is the epitome of what's happening to CNN. No wonder Fox is kicking the rest. I mean, Fox may have a lot of right-wing propaganda and they might have idiots on there who have no idea what they're talking about. But at least they're entertaining. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. No, no, seriously. I was suffered at Morning Show. The Morning Show on Fox. Oh my God. I don't want to. The clowns. The morning clowns. Everything is a big joke. And the sports guy. He's the expert on the world affairs. He knows everything about everything. He's not just a sports guy. He's a weather guy and a news guy and a foreign affairs expert and everything expert. Fox. And that's the only reason they have an audience is because CNN is just of no wonder A.o. Well, time mortars going in the crap. How do you see that? Yes. Man. They are in the turlid under three bucks for some micro systems, by the way. $2 in change. Oh, these companies. You think they're going out of business. That was another one of my church's favorite lines. Do you think they're going out of business? Yeah, probably. Speaking of Cuban, I see I had a segue going here. I got all whipped up because I'm whipped up today. I'm whipped up today because current shine for Carlos there who doesn't deserve that. And nobody on our show deserves that kind of treatment. Okay, clearance. But all you care about is those stupid ass sports shows and a guy named coach you show. I got that. I got BPP the same old-terrack crap. Give it a ball. Give me a ball. Same old crap. Well, how many ways can you say it? Okay. I'm wondering when to held a first Patriots dolphin game is that can't be too far off. They got the jets this weekend. Patriots are playing Kansas City. What is that first anybody got a dolphin schedule there? Carlos can look at up in the, uh, on the thing or something from the thing. Uh, I'm a thing. We'll find it. I want to know when that first Patriots dolphin game is. As a matter of fact, oh, if it's in my name, I might even go to that. I'm going to give my goddamn tickets back. I wouldn't go to that. I wouldn't go to that. I think you six October. I won't be there. And now which game is that? Is the one that the one in my own? Yeah. Sure. Keep asking. Well, then it'll say there on the schedule. No, no, no, no, no. Somebody just called it over the, uh, the little speaker phone thing. Oh, well, where are they playing October six? Is that one in my ears that the game in the wingland? Will wait. Will wait. Will wait. We'll find out. Come on. Let's get with it. Okay. Fat boy. He's probably the one did he just sent me a, uh, the game is here. The game is here October six. See, I won't be able to see that there. But I'll see it here. Obviously, in front of my VIX Green TV, having a great time with my NFL package. Cuba reject US terror charges. And they're pissed off and fired up about it. I saw it on this last night. Cuba denied US allegations that it's a vertidi American Lord War on terrorism, challenging Washington yesterday to produce any evidence that it provided false leads on potential terrorist activities. I don't think you heard that story yesterday because you are taking one of your 14 cramps. Yes. In a tough statement, Cuba in four minutes, there for the paper as a Roque charts at the United States rejected a Cuban offer to cooperate in anti-terrorism efforts and we tried to manipulate a serious issue for political purposes. It was responded accusations Tuesday by Dan Fisk, the deputy assistant secretary state for the Western hemisphere that tips from Cuba which began today of 911 terror attacks and of been arriving almost monthly, had let American investigators on intentional wild goose cases and they've heard it resources from legitimate targets. Kind of like a voting resources with those pot raids in Santa Cruz, California. All of his accusations against Cuba are false and slanderers, petties, Roque said in the statement, I challenge Mr. Fisk to produce a single piece of evidence to support his allegations. He wouldn't respond directly when asked whether Cuba has provided any information to the US government about possible terrorist activities since 911. Petties are Roque distributed a marked 12 letter to the US in which Cuba offered a sign a bilateral agreement to cooperate in the fight against terrorism, drug trafficking, and illegal migration. He read the answer received on June 13th which said the state department would not be in a position to consider bilateral cooperation on those issues. There is no argument to justify the irrational reaction by the Bush administration of Cuba's proposal to sign bilateral agreements. He said, Cuba has been under a US trade embargo since shortly after President Fiddell Castro, defeated the CIA back invasion of the past in 1961. His comedy-pink donations continue to effects subsequent US administrations. Piss said that despite Cuba's friendly ties with nations like Iran, Iraq and Syria, Havana's provided the US with nothing of value and charged the Castro's government was actually impeding our efforts to defeat the threat of terrorism. Petties are Roque's statement, note that Cuba's straw can dim the 911 attacks offering medical assistance and use of its airports. In the middle of the anthrax attacks, Cuba donated 100 million antibiotics tablets to the US in intersection in Havana and offered equipment to screen germs and breakup anthrax strains. But Piss charges about Cuba's expressing its horror over the attacks and willingness to provide medical supplies and was seeking to misdirect the investigation. So, how do you believe? You have to give at least that kind of a Roque? I don't know. I don't believe anything that they were doing was just for PR purposes. Yeah, I don't believe any of them. How do you like that? I think they're all full of crap because they all got their own agenda. See. Things that were avoided. So, I guess another way of saying that is that your administration and success of administration have to be right every time, every single time. Fritz your armated. How do you like that? He said it is no room for error. No room for mistakes. You go to a point. What? I said you go, girl. 245 votes on our phone. How's the speaking of that? How's Mothdo? And is he out of his meeting yet? Yeah. And we told him. And yeah, don't worry about it. I'm not the least bit worried about it. I'll get the engineers to take care of whatever needs to be taken. Get the engineers to get it all on Dittled and give this place a little bit of a tune. And up when I'm out of here where there's no emergency on it. Like I said, and see, I know what they're going to say. Well, she was all in a big row. Rush about the other day. I wasn't in a big rush. I just mentioned that it needed to be taken care of. And I thought it was something on your end. Aren't most of the technical problems always on that end? Yes. Yeah. Not even a contest. Just like this morning we had a little bit of a facts problem. I got my log about four seconds before to show. Was it Georgia's problem? No. Was it Carlos's problem? No. It was a facts problem on that end. It was another technical problem down there. Everything is a piece of crap. The phone line was a work. Aha. Aha. I just mentioned that in passing. 245 votes on a full S. Me if I give a crap. Okay. You can just keep those checks coming, Clarets. Keep the checks coming. I don't care if you pay Carlos or not. I shouldn't say that. No, I don't care if you pay Carlos. No, see what they're probably thick is. Oh, well, needle throw a few bucks. I'm not going to give Carlos. I mean, he does a fine job. He's helping us with the computer stuff. He's a good guy, but for crying out loud, if he were so ugly, you know. Just a joke Carlos, that's all George. Okay. That I'll be business all George. Try to deflect his own pastiness. You know that it's all George. Oh, he's a pastey anyway. Yeah. Well, that may be, but you're just trying to deflect it away to another pasty guy. That's all you're not fooling us. Just remember what he just looked like once said. I want to go out there break that f***ing guy's neck. Yeah, that's what he said. Well, I'm glad to see now with Muffie. There's no hurry at. He's got this whole new attitude. He went and like he, you know, he calmed down for a couple of months. He got away from Greg Reed, from Maddie Bell, from the water Nazi, from Mo. He got away from all of that stuff. So he's a mellow fellow now. You know what I'm saying? Yes. Yes. He is. Right. He's a little bit of a way out of no if you noticed because you can't see him. If I noticed what over the phone. Yeah. Yeah. He he he he he I told him I said, you know, Muffie sound is thin as a rail. Right. Law some weight. He said he's feeling great. And that's good. I'll just bug off and no bother us. Muffie. Okay. Get ahold of that clearance and shake him by the neck. See, now that's see, Muff is a buff clearance. You don't understand that. Oh, I know I don't. I have no idea how that works. Yeah. He's because he's the operations man or the representative program director. So he's a buff clearance. And of course, Clarence is getting nervous about it. 240 some votes here. Wayne high pingo has got 71 and see now somebody that guy's got to be dick and you know what I'm saying? Yeah. Pingo pick. What is it? High Zingos 71. Pingo pick and just 70. The only wonderful to part. Real car royal 42. He's no he's no. Rokay. I just like to see you can really are as if he are as the first letter. The word much easier. Can't you right? Rokay. Hmm. Real car royal 42. More Howard David 36. Greg weed 15. Nick Navarro 8 and the scene in the middle of a word is harder. And Peter bulges up to seven on ice. Go on, Piti. I think somebody people whose life is screwed over. Probably a you know borrowed a friend's computer to vote on there just to register their complaint about what a piece of turd you are. Am I doing the wrong. I'm going. That's why I have to go back to my pile of repeats back here. You know what I'm saying? My pile of repeats. It's 13 past 11 at five 60 WQM with your busy lifestyle. You need all the energy you can to feel healthy, especially in South Florida where it's about 142 degrees in the shade every day and humidity is 200%. All you might can help you do that because all you met is a sensational new product. All you might contain pharmaceutical grade olive oil along with vitamins, minerals, herbals and these things promote health for your heart. They have a product specific to the zone for your blood pressure, your cholesterol, and your prostate, all the little soft gel caps like you just pop in your posts. All you met also makes supplements to promote health in your circulatory system, your digestive system, your endocrine system, your skin and your bones, all using even one for your mind using the benefits of great olive oil. The best way you'll find anywhere and only a mid-based products for men and ladies to you following all this good. Got it. Fix them up today at Whole Food Market's Walgreens, Sedanos and the Marlpharmacies and if you like it more information about Walgreens, call Marcie. If you want more information about Oryumid, call 1-866 Oryumid. That's 1-866 Oryumid which you can also order online if you like on their nifty website, Oryumidamerica.com Recall feed has bacteria throw up all on a bee-buff with explosive diarrhea, the bee-pussy colline, your real is should be cautious, you could get their renorsious, the cows are victorious, the bee-pussy colline. Oh and I didn't realize that this McDonald's spirit was coming into at the same time, you know? How about that? Because the reason I played that was a lead in the story, judge dismisses V-plus to the against Oprah, how do you like them apples huh? You'll never guess what I'm eating, to show you how my mind works. I did the old-year-old Med Spada went out to my refrigerator and guess what I brought back? Fish food, olives. Oh fish food, are you crazy? Are you nuts? olives. I just did the I was talking about olive oil, how good is this for you and I just to have a few little olives here. Greenwoods I hope. Yes with pamentos. Mmm. Don't you love olives with pamentos? I do. Well, real pamentos anyway, they don't, you can't get that anymore. What do you mean by that? It's all pemento loaf. It's like a pemento. Well, I'm sure eventually this will turn into a pemento loaf, but that's beside the point. Anyway, we got to overweight teens swing McDonald's spirit coming, but the reason I played that was because Oprah, judge dismisses V-plus to the against Oprah. A federal judge is dismiss a lingering lawsuit that accused Oprah. Winfrey of violating Texas's veggie libel law by maligning the beef industry. U.S. District Judge Mary Robertson threw out all claims and caused the action assertive or that could have been asserted by cactus feeding club in against Oprah. Winfrey her production company and vegetarian activist Howard Lyman. I wonder if he's related to Frankie Lyman? The lawsuit filed a 1990 with similar to another lawsuit filed two years earlier that went to trial of Robinson's court. The first suit caused Oprah to move her talk show to Amarillo for several episodes during the trial. After she won the first case, 138 livestock owner suitor again, the second case was quickly moved back to Robinson's court and had sat there for four years. It was kind of a soft landing to a hard trial set attorney chip, Babcock, who represented Winfrey. Cactus chairman and chief executive officer Paul Engler, who was behind both lawsuits, said Tuesday he agreed that dismissal because he believes he won in the court of public opinion. We had two objectives in the initial suit, Engler said in the statement. One was to recover the tremendous losses of experience. The second was to prove our consumers that America's beef is wholesome and nutritious. Cattleman contended in both suits that Lyman violated Texas's veggie libel law during a 1996 episode of the Oprah Winfrey Show by saying US beef could be a risk of spreading mad cow disease. The incurable illness blamed for several human deaths in England has not been detected in US herds before the show were in the six and a half years since. Now, one case, it don't exist here. Okay. And she ought to stay out of put her fat ass on death rows. What the ought to do? Oprah. That's what I'm talking about. And by the way, yeah, since I got another Oprah story right here, a segue, it wasn't beef. It wasn't beef sweetheart that beefed you up to 175 pounds. This is in the star on paid seven. My God. Rolling pulley Oprah squeezes into smaller size on TV. Remember I had this one about a week or two ago and the other I think was in the inquired the pictures are her with a, oh brother. I want to lose more than 10 pounds instantly with no dieting. All you have to do is get on the Oprah show. The five foot seven talk queen who has packed on 45 pounds recently and now weighs in at 275 invested in a new high tech camera lens device that ever so slightly stretches each frame without distortion and magically makes everyone a tad smaller and slimmer. It's called the partial squeeze lens. Do you ever have like a partial squeeze? And it's one of the image conscious Hollywood's best kept secrets. Experts say the slimming technology reduces the weight of an actor by 8 to 10 percent and earlier less sophisticated version of the equipment was used to make performers like Paula Abdulinear in their videos. Sources say the thrilled Oprah 48 feels the camera's worth its weight in gold. How do you like that? And it wasn't beef that made you a big fat cow. Okay, sweetheart. Cow's don't eat beef. The Pringles and all the other stat crap. This is always famous for sucking down by the by the pound load K and right there. Look at a chicken and a lap. A greasy bucket of chicken and the kilos and credos and the toastedos. Man. Nothing worse than a big fat's farce or with a bucket of KFC in front of them. You know like like in network. Remember that scene? Yeah. The great Mohammed Khan with his who-side choco. What the if you talk it about? I'm going to make you a star just like Archie bunker. God that movie was so good. But what can I say in a little while? No. Over 18 files big fat lawsuit against McDonald's. We know that much thanks to somebody faction in to us, thank you. Two teenagers with big midsection haven't even bigger beef with McDonald's. Their parents on behalf of the youths have filed a class action lawsuit against the fast food giant saying that change unhealthy meals made them obese which caused them to develop severe health problems including heart disease. So they're ass. So that Mickey D. John Banzaf, a George Washington University law professor of pioneer lawsuits against tobacco firms, is acting as an advisor on the case. He said children often are unable to resist the change playgrounds, happy meals and toy promotions, often tied to the release of popular movies. Children clearly are not capable of making health related decisions. He said McDonald's tries to attract children has an obligation to them. Attorney Samuel Hirsch filed a suit in the New York Supreme Court on in the Bronx in late August. The suit comes just weeks after you found another suit against McDonald's Burger King KFC. And Wendy's on behalf of a 270 poundier city maintenance worker. That worker sees her barber 56 city developed diabetes in suffered due heart attacks after eating the greasy fare from the fast food restaurants four or five times a week for decades. Banzaf and why not if they can sue the city tobacco companies for products that are legal and yet lethal, why can't they do the same thing that these people don't you agree? Of course it's uh it would be hypocritical otherwise. Banzaf said just like it's hypocritical but government on the one hand to subsidize tobacco growers and then on the other hand tell you that it's going to carry it. Right, quit smoking and then to make it illegal to smoke and almost anywhere in a goddamn world and allow people to sue the companies. Banzaf said that while barber suit is still snaking its way through the court system, Hirsch has decided to focus more on the suit involving children since children can't be expected to be personally responsible for their health. Hirsch did not respond to repeated phone calls. The suit filed on behalf of two teenagers claims to make dollars. That's Greg Reed disease. You know how's spreading? Nobody returns any phone calls. It's like parents doing that disappearing act. Does anybody see them yet today? Yeah, we saw him pop them here. Anybody say that he'll see Carlos after the show. I'm gonna I'm gonna tell you right now. Okay. If that's time of bitch doesn't see Carlos after the show today. I'm taking him our off and the next week too. And this is giving ridiculous. He wasn't like a polygenic or he likes that he's forgot about it. Is dog Pete on a carpet or something? Yeah, he was a polygenic. Yeah, he said he was in the kitchen. He was in the kitchen. That's what he said. Dina. Yeah. He was in the kitchen with vagina. He said he had an ordered lunch. So he wouldn't have to step out and I must have not seen him in the kitchen. I got news for a client's window of a vagina if he found one on his desk just all by itself. Show him that picture on a wall back there of my uh voice box. He saw it. What do you think it was? Now don't I don't even tell me. Bans have said that while Barbara suit is still all my y'all already did that. The suit found on behalf of two teenagers, Kentzame McDonald's contributed to their poor health and obesity by enticing them to consume larger portions through the use of value male advertisements without disclosing the health effects. The youth are asking that a jury decide how much they should be paid for the harm that they've suffered. They also want the court to order McDonald's to do more to publicize the dietary content of their products, including an educational program on the dangers of eating certain items. Although the age of the youth has in their released herses office said one of the kids is 5 foot 9 and weighs 270 pounds. Well the others 5 foot 3 and weighs 200 pounds. Not even in the B5 4 and 284. I mean he was. Oh, but we're saving his life. Good for us. Yeah. All right. What's his name? Gary Sardarwamy to rotate the copy. Let me look in here and see if I can find the other piece of stellar copy that I got from my good post friend Gary Sardar this one. By the way, Gary, the answer to another thing is still absolutely no. I don't trade out talent fees. Okay. You scumbag. You silly professional Jew. VIP sportsbook.com is that name sound familiar? Why don't you? Because VIP sportsbook.com is one of the original online sportsbooks and still the best. Football season started if you heard about us? No. Now give us a chance. Would no, would no comma, no period? No nothing. I'm getting rid of that piece of copper. Let's go back to the other one. I'd be embarrassed if I was you, Gary Sardar. I'd be embarrassed and humiliated and degraded. And if you weren't on the edge of Greg's inner circle there, you're answered but not there a long time ago. Is there still anybody out there who's not playing at VIP sportsbook.com? Then I have to tell you you're missing out on a really great sportsbook. Okay. You hear a lot of anti-zazes but you need to do some research before you're pumped down your heart and cash. At some unstable third world sportsbook, like in cemetery village. Let me help you out. VIP sportsbook.com is the only book to be unanimously endorsed by the industry watchdogs. They're Dutch based. Now we're talking my language and one of the first online sportsbooks. Seriously, you can want to go on a roll of a lifetime. You'd want to be with the best sportsbook out there at the time. And of course that's VIP sportsbook.com. The football season is in full force. You need to be with the best at VIP sportsbook.com if you want to have a look with it. So open an account online to get a 15% cash on a bonus or cat manzy that I mentioned. I have the highest parlayage you'll find up to 2001 or Jackie Moe. Get over to VIP sportsbook.com and play it a book with class. Their phone number is 866 VIP bets. That's 866 VIP bets. So what are you waiting for? Go to VIP sportsbook.com. Get your 15% sign up bonus. VIP sportsbook.com when you call me sure and tell them Gary Sarner of butt club. My life and love this is for 20.56. Lay down on my phone. Planning your next vacation? Looking for excitement and exotic locations? Then make your next pleasure trip a memorable one. Visit Halis Sign. Read last as you sign and newly remodeled open air restaurant. Marvel at the view of the morning sunrise from your open air hotel room. Experience the cultural differences between Israel and Palestine and Batch Israel again. All from the comfort of the local marketplace as it changes hands each day. You'll be blown away. So plan your next excursion to the land of Enchantment. Palestine. We're just a stone throw away from the Gaza Strip and the ground. Andrews. On 32 at 560 WCM, anybody there's more of that story. I don't want to read the whole thing. But just a purely the two of these two kids have been eating McDonald's several times wait for years. Walt Reikery spokesman from McDonald's had such suits have no merit. He said the chain serves the same kind of quality food, beef, milk, chicken, lettuce, potatoes that families in their homes every day. Do you eat the same food as McDonald's in your home every day? Oh, when they put it that way, but no. Loaded with like just tons of little manalt fry every and the reed deep fried in the land of the people these parents who was taking them there who was paying for the food. Let's see the parents. Let's take the children away from them. Okay. McDonald's is a full menu restaurant providing variety and choices records said. Like for example, if you want to get like a nice lean steak when you go to McDonald's. Oh yeah. He said the chain makes comprehensive nutrition information available on the company's website. www.scomeback.com and that children are becoming overweight to increasingly sedentary lifestyle. The suits have resulted in a super size round of mockery from some consumer and industry groups. The notion that there is no parental authority over these children is ridiculous. I thought you just said that. Oh, said, said, Mike, buddy, booty, but booty. A spokesman for the Center for Consumer Freedom and Organization representing restaurant operators and individuals who want to preserve consumer choice. Do little kids deal their parents car keys and drive themselves to McDonald's? He said the suits have got more to do with fatening attorney wallets than thinning customers. Experts say the fast food suits are a natural outgrowth of tobacco litigation and say and that courtroom's going to expect to see more them in the future. Like we just said, holy moments ago. Speaking of fat, what a great segue. Guess who this story is about? Rosie. Oh, Paul's plug on Rosie. Former talk show host Rosie O'Donnell, a brother-in-law named St. magazine yesterday, citing a deteriorating relationship with the magazine publisher, Grunner and Jar Jar. O'Donnell said Grunner and Jar, that's what the J, have been a grant on taking control away from her violation of the contract and was no longer feasible for the magazine to continue the last issue being December. I'm sorry to have to tell my readers and my staff that my involvement in the magazine is ending, but my integrity and aimer is stake in that price is too high, O'Donnell said that a news conference, I can't have my name on a magazine, I cannot be assured it'll represent my vision and ideas. No lawsuits have been filed, but both suits of a size of hired lawyers, and in a memo sent to employees Grunner and Jar indicated a blame's odomal. It is truly shocking and disappointing that Rosie would walk away from her obligations to her staff, her business partner and her magazine audience, in doing so she destroys the value of the business we created and violates the conditions of our binding contract. The magazine debuted Napal 2001 as part of a partnership to revive struggling McCall McCall's magazine, O'Donnell won six-day time in an emison six years as best talk show host, but she ended the Rosie down low show, and may say she was leaving to raise a family and do other things. I believe it's your imagination is to what those other things might be. You don't want to say it? I know. Maybe she's going to go into carpet business on the side too. Hey, that's up to her, okay? She's a big fat guy and we can't stand her. I'm because she's a duck, but just because she's obnoxious. Speaking of obnoxious, I'm not the statue of the falling woman, but was they been making a big sentence about the thing in the yard? I'd decide as a memorial to those who jumped her photo their death from the World Trade Center was abruptly draped in cloth and curtain off winds, maybe because of complaint that it was due disturbing. We apologize if anyone was upset or offended by this play of this sculpture was certainly not our intent. The piece will be removed this evening, said Susan Helpin, spoke to him in a Barack Obama Center meaning last night. Eric Fittles bronze, tumbling woman, he picks a naked woman with arms and legs flailing and went on view about a week ago at the lower concourse of Rockefeller Center and was supposed to remain on this playthrough Monday. Maybe outside, Eric Clapton's joint, they can have a picture like a falling little kid. They can have like a statue. Okay, I think it was ridiculous. Bad taste. No more news photos captured images of desperate people leaping to their deaths as the hundred-tenth story towers burn also in bad taste. Some patches by Rockefeller Center complained the sculpture was too graphic. I don't think that it dignifies their deaths had Paul Abbott's not art. It's very disrupting when you see it. Some onlookers said there's an eat for Arthur captures the horror of 9-11. I don't think it's in bad taste, twisting to fancy said before the statue was covered. It's an artist reaction to what happened. The sculpture wasn't meant to hurt anybody. Facial said in the statement, it was it's in serrachtspression of the deepest sympathy for the vulnerability of the human condition. Both specifically to the victims of 9-11 and 20-many in general. I'm sorry, I just don't think. Especially this close to the anniversary. Just a week ago. I don't think that people are ready for that to see. Artistic depictions of people wailing and falling and gnashing. I don't think it's too cool. It's gone anyway. Won't see it no more. Here's something we're seeing now for the first time Mr. I told you about. Attiding the astronomers have found signs of water, an unnecessary ingredient for life in the atmosphere of plants or an indistent star. Having water doesn't mean other plants will be teeming with life, like say, China. But if the discoveries confirm it'll fuel speculation that it could be possible. This would be a historic discovery. The first detection of periodic molecules and extracelloplanard, Kristiano Cosmovici, of the Institute for Cosmic and Planetary Science in Rome, told New Science as Magazine yesterday. Kristiano Cosmovici. His team used a 32-meter radio telescope to search for water mazer emissions. What's mazer? You really want to know? Yeah. It's like a laser, but with microwaves instead of light. So what's wrong with that? Okay, just a ton of science battle. Well, let's take a about three seconds. Okay. What's do you believe we're going to do it on there? Sure. It's a partner. The great John McCain. Oh, geez. Oh, please. Please help us. If there's anybody on those planets, please set us up. His team used a 32-meter radio telescope to search for water mazer emissions. Tell tail microwaves which could indicate water in the planet hemisphere where it's bathed in the infrared light of its star. Cosmovici set his team found the emissions in three planetary systems. He would Jones have Liverpool John Moore's university said it could be exciting first step in the search for signs of life on other planets. Waters have to top of the shopping list for the ingredients for life. He told magazine. Not as much water as that family in Utah made their water. They're not quite that much. Not quite that much. Were they Mormons? No. Were they morons? I don't know what they were. Didn't say. But one can only assume Utah. Yeah, Utah. But what a great place that is to I will say on the interstate there. I've driven through it. I think real fast. 180 miles an hour. Just floor it baby. Get on through there real quick before or in snatch graduate before you get snatched. It's on earth John McCain. On your mind, they're work. He's looking a lot better by the way. His head finally healed up. Wait. We have to have a comprehensive of a set. Oh, turn the other way, John. You're showing your bad side. I just had led up to the tragedy of 9-11. Yeah, they offered an amendment to this whole line security bill. I would create an independent 9-loving commission. Which is a good idea. Let's have some independent people investigate here instead of like John Aschrop investigating. Scary. What a scary bunch. Hey, any down at home. Stayed good luck to you. Sweetheart. Okay. Remember, there's nothing more dangerous than a brain. So you're safe. Hey, pizza lockers. Some of the world's best goodies. Man, in fact, what's today today? Eight and 19th. Right. One of these days, they're going to be opening that new location. And we're going to be getting a breathless call from Jeff Cohen. And he's going to say, today's today. Can't wait. I guarantee by the time that I'm home that it's going to be open and I'll be in there. I'll be in there with bells on with my good friend Marcy from Walgreens for a nice free meal. I'll even bring the rumors in there. I'll come all the way over from the other location to that one just to help inaugurate it for a nice free meal. By the way, speaking of the rumors, don't forget, Tathas and Montreal tonight. Moe won't let Gellie talk about it. We'll talk cocky on his show a little bit. I mean, he chopped him off this morning like he had just said, Yamama or something. I mean, it was incredible. All he had to do was like whisper hockey. And I was the end of that. Anyway, Jeff Cohen is he likes hockey a little bit. He likes, uh, yeah, little bit. Anyway, Tuesday is eggplant. My money's lasagna. I've used some of the special things they have going on in the pizza loft every week. By one of these did his on these nights, get the second one for only five bucks. Every Wednesday, kids eat free with adults, and they can see Jeff's name is Niget Show. And while his magician whips it out for him, every Thursday, like tonight is biker night at the loft. Come on a motorcycle by one dinner. Get the second for half price. And of course, they got it all. They got all your Italian favorites, chicken dishes, and veal and calzones and super subs. See food three different kinds of great pizza. Garlic rolls just dripping with garlic that are the best the most delicious you've ever popped in your mouth. They got everything fresh and delicious big portions and teeny tiny prices too. Pizza loft around the university, drive between Griffin and 595. Right by the Armandiloccafane behind pirwan imports, tons and tons are free parking waiting for you. For take out for delivery for catering any event call 954 9168880 954 9168880 and don't forget pizza loft is coming any second now. Of course, in Jeff's case, it's always the case. He's probably going to be coming any minute to the new location in plantation corner Navajo and sunrise right behind precious wall greens that any second I would you say right now soon. Maybe right now. Thung is too young. You know, I'm going mission to make everything that is good and decent because ridiculous is possible. We have mercilessly taken the following material out of context. We've done so without endorsement or permission from those depicted, we hope we succeeded in reaching our goal or at least major life. Oprah, everyone is interested so I might as well ask it. It's not my normal area. Are you going to get married or what? The honest, no. No, I mean. No, because I've been doing Dr. Phil actually. Really? Yeah, almost every day. But speaking of that, you were going to do a button. Yeah, I can't. I blew that one. Oh. Anything you want to do you haven't done? What I really want to do the most is Martha. No. I'm looking at it. Oprah. Go away. I'm gone. What a thought. 1140 and so close to lunchtime. And by the way, speaking of Dr. Phil, that is a CBS show Carlos informed me before the show today. Can I say that yesterday that I was pretty sure was I don't recall. It is Carlos gave me the information and he hasn't even got paid yet. He's already providing important information like that. But anyway, does the CBS show the only deal I'm trying to tell you is that they tape it here every day and they show it at the regular of the old times three to four. Good night. And I talked to Phil. In fact, Dr. Phil's on another work. Now, that's interesting. Dr. Phil is being picked up by a station here that's an NBC affiliate. How's that possible? I guess that's because the local CBS affiliate said no thanks or something. I don't know. I just don't know. Well, it's complicated here because the cable system here. I guess like most cable systems. They do and especially here since it's not an American cable system. They do whatever they want. You see what I'm saying? Right. So if they want to put global shows on channel 16 on my cable, they put that on everybody want to put CBS on their part of the time. They do whatever they want. It's the Canadian effin way. We like it. By the way, something we forgot to mention. Yes, something very important. It's not about that. New show that's going to be on preceding us with a great lead in with Norm Kent. No, something that's happening today, something starts today that I just noticed on the calendar. We'll give you a hint. It can't be K. T. Yeah. See, I've got it right before the first no came out. K. T. I mentioned that the Norm Kent last night in our brief conversation. And I forgot to mention about he up. Better get your new contract on a real. So he is listening by the windows. Listen to the show. Yeah. Take care of George. Okay. It's about time. Somebody did and take care of Carlos. To in fact, let's get a contract for Carlos. Why we're at it. I see your laugh. I don't look there's any laugh. I'm at it. There. Let's get a contract for Vulcan Brian. Let's get a contract. Everybody wants to do with the show because we don't trust anybody in our place. And you know, something that business about about Clarence was in the kitchen with Dina. Let me tell you this number one. First of all, Dina's dead. That's number one. And number two, isn't it a strange coincidence that this morning is about the first morning he didn't come in there before the show started. Have you noticed that? That was an important day once that show occasion. I could try to tell you that. Do you can take Dave wants that and stick him up Clarence's ass. How do you like that? And a whole dolphin team. How about those patriots? I can't wait for that game, man. I can't wait for tribe. What's his name? For Tom Brick. Yeah, good tongue tied. Tom Brady did his prick them apart. Maybe Trace Bradford will suit up. There's a good guy, Trace Bradford. Not just another dumb job like. But a guy that's like has a little bit of a sense of humor and he's got an IQ figure that is a uniform number size. What's that was Trace uniform number? I forget. He was old there. What was it? I think it was 23. Could be. But wasn't 22 because that was Higgy. That's right. Remember Higgy? Higgy was about three shades darker than Trace. He Troy's not really a black guy. He's got a little black in him. Or it's speaking a black. What a segue. What? I mean a lot of segues today. Well, this is really good segues. All right. Let me give you the first word of this headline. Okay. Okay. Detroit. All right. I think what exactly can you get any black or the Detroit. It said maybe in the juggles of Nigger Rea. I don't think so. You can't get Motown darker. Right. Detroit has been. Now did you say Mo again? See you're pretty good. I was mode doing on the pull by the way. 292 votes. What is the most evil? Who is the most evil person? Soundfloor? What be the most evil? Mayor Pinga Piccini 83 Wayne has the 82. They got a real horse by going on. They got a battle neck and they're side by each. His French leave would say at Mo Hawk. You know, French leave? No. How about my good friend Ian from which it owns all those good race horses? Oh, no. Remember my Randy Wapels and trained by Bill Robbets. And nice going there Ian. Joe Carroyo 43 Mo Howard David 42 given Joe Carroyo run for his money. Greg read only 16. It's a long drop off from Odegreg. I'll take it that Greg is only got 16. Nick Nevada 13 and Pete Bolser's only got eight because all the other people that he screwed over. They're run. They're they're they're in a they're all safe together in a dumpster somewhere. The people who's lives in careers he destroyed the backstabbing Pete Bolser scumbag. No nothing. Oh and you're all before I get to Detroit. I got a great piece of news for you. Ken from Norman Kent. I could use one. No, seriously. Guess who's lost his ass because you got all these incentives from cheap channel in the form of stock options and the stock of course is now in the toilet David Ross. Isn't that great news? All right. Hey David, blow it out your ass sweetheart. Okay. Take your stock options and shove them. How's the market doing by the way? What is a couple of Chinese people? Man in the world here at the end of the god day. And 120 down 117 on the Dow and about 15 down on the Nasdaq Nasdaq's didn't close to like a 1200 level and the Dow like I told you is under 9000. I mean when I say under 9000 under 81 it's going to be under 8000 before the days up. Bad news boys and girls. Bad news. You bought a bunch of worthless crap just like I did. Oh these companies going to go out of business. I hope you go out of business mature. Okay. I should only pray. I get religion for that if I thought it would help. I would pray to Tabatha and whatever her heck you bought. Whatever name is on passions. You know heck you bought? No. And Connie evil Connie with a son up face. They had to bring another doll on the show after Timmy died so they got Connie who's got her face also together because Tammy true she true in the doll form against the wall in her face broke up. So the evil what's your name? Zami charity had like soared together again and anyway you're missing good stuff I'll tell you that right now. The tried has been hit with the biggest outbreak of syphilis in the nation and epidemic that has led to a shake up in the state health department. Health officials had the reason for the crisis is that city and state officials became lacks and their battle against the disease after a drop off in cases in 1990s. Detroit had 245 new cases as syphilis this year as of July 30 and the numbers like they did reach 500 by the year ends said La Reddent Davis, Saturla, directly the state health department sexually transmitted disease division. Davis, Saturla said she was also informed by Centers for Disease Control Prevention and Atlanta that when updated national figures are released last month, Detroit will have the highest rate in the country for 2001 Detroit with its population of nearly a million. Svartsis that's just in the city. Greater Detroit is like three and a half. Your how many people are here in the GTA the greater trial area? No over five million. Do you realize that? No I didn't I do next in New York next in New York Los Angeles and Chicago this is the largest city in North America and the Mexico City. How many Mexico City about 100 million? That's 3 billion. Oh man can you imagine what it smells like there? I don't know. I don't know. I'm article. I poppy. Well it's matter fact speaking of poppy. I noticed that a week from Saturday I'm just advising and that's before you fill out your little menu for balance for life. For your afternoon snack on Saturday the 28th week from Saturday you've got a choice tuna salad over sliced tomato or lemon poppy cheesecake. But for people like you it's is they call it I poppy cheesecake and for the Jews it's called poppy cheesecake. It's I popping. It's I popping your love it. Anyway Davis, the Trilogy would not discuss specifics of the cases saying only the changes are made to bring about an overall improvement in eradication efforts for office overseas much of the city's sexually transmitted diseases program. Syphalist difficulty appears first as a sore usually on the genitals on your penis on your vagina on your penis as a chanker then develops as a rash it can be cured with penicillum but left on three to condamage the heart the eyes the brain other parts of the body. Who died from syphilist and jail was it out of the phone yes it was well how do I remember that you want to know why remember that why because I saw it on biography the biography channel right don't you just love that channel and you want to jail for tax abation very good well that's that's a piece of k well not a lot of people know that they think because he was a gangster they got him on something like that now and by the way was jacknacles and indiany to be the one half that we know that right and was his name Cliff Gorman also died. Cliff Gorman doesn't count okay I'm sorry I don't want to sound disrespectful or insensitive which I generally am anyway but Cliff Gorman doesn't count in the same category with Kim Hunter and Jati United so just oh but how about we had a whood bob Hayes whoo the football player the x cowboy the fastest man in the world I had that on before bob Hayes you better you better know you did football players mr because you sure don't I'm going to stick to God the embrids tend to wrap your ass the CDC in fact it says the resurgence in each right of syphilist comes in time of the disease in some parts of the country is all been eliminated now I remember what's the punitown on my name was number one in that category in syphilist yeah wow a few years ago we're number one damning right because generally anything bad in my me we can always say like in screwed up election illegal alien number one fucking politicians old you incompetent radio broadcast types etc but I'm syphilist is the number one detour we're for quite a while there they were number one in murders too in the country for many many years you want to know why why too many horses there. Hollings files build a well out some airports to miss baggage screening deadline the chairman of the senate commerce committee wants to extend the deadline for some airports to screen all baggage for explosives and propose more ways to tighten aviation security senator earnest hallings democratic south kerala and a file of bill a two-day to allow up to forty airports to take six months longer than the December 31st cutoff date to meet the requirement the committee is planning to discuss the proposal in fact I'm probably doing at this moment today this is not a blanket extension of the deadline hallings spokesman Andy Davis said to the yesterday what they needed to do was meet some of the realities of the TSA is facing the transportation security administration which is doing one hell of a bad job. Hollings bill would set stiff penalties for people who are in the security checkpoints provide more security training for aviation industry workers and develop an inspection program for freight trip on passenger and cargo planes the transportation agency created response 9 level of text as we sponsor for airports security including buying and stalling and operating many vansized bomb detection machines used to check luggage agencies he changed loyalty to Hollings committee engineering problems will cause as many as 35 of the nation's four hundred twenty nine commercial airports including some major hubs to miss the deadline and of course we don't have listed those in the story because the stories from uh... social media for a they don't have time for that crap okay we're not a nice to find out we'll start five where they work uh... that are going to meet the uh... the that that's that's a one oh and look at that twenty two cuban artist nominated for latin grammys were not granted u.s. interviews isn't in the ten last night's ceremony can you believe that i believe it oh no denied by them arouse by us oh by the us a by the u.s.a you're a seven votes on a an approval and they do say that here whether it's a son of jove maybe say that which is kind of a line i know i didn't believe it's actually went there to where you went to Canada yeah remember i lived on the other side all you were like i'll be right be see baby or you went to be see that's because you were busy smoking pot always smoking pot that's where this man goes anywhere can say it fact Georgia probably be at Santa Cruz next Wednesday was only a one day uh... special okay i'm not giving it a one eleven fifty six and five sixty qm if you love your home but he just don't have it i'll space to do all the things you need to be doing what do you do what you call our good friends at strictly visions like hundred the smart people are doing whether you have it a baby in any other room maybe you're converting a carport or patty when the living space maybe you wanted to business for yourself on a make a home office maybe you need another bedroom to take in some out of work uh... radio people thanks to be bolder anyway whatever the reason being cost strictly visions your one stop shop your more space for your place place with an absolutely worry for your approach to expanding your living space no shows by the other contractors that you've experienced in the past and can happen incomplete work no way no one expected bills no worries about the job not getting done right they take care of every last detail sit back relax a drop your blueprints they get the building permits and all your inspections strictly additions got that easy five step approach to total customer satisfaction we keep telling you about my have no idea why number one they call the schedule of free project evaluation appointment at your home where a project estimated will determine the scope of your addition number two schedule a bit of a moment of their convenience or more you'll get a detailed proposal and an exact price for the work exact price three select your finishing touches go to contract for review the design architectural drawings and then after that just sit back and relax as your dream edition moves ahead on schedule with unbeatable quality it's as simple as that you can't get much simpler than pd money give strictly additions of calls are out there and the other pages if you like and they serve all abroad and south pombie's county by the way call nine five four seven nine one eighty one hundred that's nine five four seven nine one eighty one hundred they are licensed and ensure their professionals who do super work for you tell moldy of how to call strictly additions nine five four seven nine one eighty one hundred you a yeah you are to be happy and to be feeding care free because presidents are done who's saying has defeated the incident and the Satanic America all causing great embarrassment to the college and infecting great pain on our enemies during the reason you an inspection stand up this is why my fellow rackets citizens I can't make a move is to be celebrating most renewables leaders weekend yes yes all the math equipment is up to be fired to the air without regard for human setting as you enter the back of the tunnel bring what remains of your family to be meeting the run of my family to do that we were getting that new today I am to be shopping out you have to be hungry run you work to be sending the fruit of your own to buy a decidi on care as you choose from a most printing menu that includes big max with secrets cuts a dish mac booms and which quarter pounder with views not to be forgetting our famous fly yes my fellow rackets citizens we are to be celebrating our wondrous leaders of the Musines victory over this whole response of the United Nations and keep this weekend at the back of my tunnel the portion of course he could be given to our great leaders out of those things most significant research and program to be building weapons a master's structure but anyway those twenty two artists who couldn't get visas those from a Cuba yes solobuster members of seven groups are unable to receive the proper visas to attend the show last night according to Qusvice culture minister Abal Akosta among those who could not be there are jazz pianist chucho valda's god dang it guitarist Ray Garra and rapper XL Fanzo my god the state department of Washington declined to comment telephone calls to represent is of the Latin recording academy Los Angeles which puts on the word ceremony we're not returned they got nothing to say they're moan that said well of course you can imagine if he words would have been held in Miami it would have been like nobody would have been there come on east deck come on east they probably would have kept mark Anthony on I would have said all right good choice the joke was on wacko jacko this is in the inquire at the MTV Awards speaking of award shows plastic surgery king Michael jack plastic surgery king Michael jackson came completely unglude at the MTV music video award suffering a severe panic attack before his horrified handlers forced him to go on stage oh by the way sigh I forgot before noon I should say goodbye to those people who turned over to brush it noon see yeah Michael was completely on hinge revealed an MTV insider if he starts to the event Manhattan's radio city musical I knew he was weird but this was scary we were on our way to the state where he was to join Britney Spears as a presenter when he just snapped Michael started waving his hands in the air above his head and started repeating over and over again there's too many people there's too many people he suddenly stopped short and he got this frightened looking his eyes I thought for sure Michael was going to turn around and run but a show staff were insisted the glove wonderful filis commitment Michael nodded and walked on stage like nothing had happened but things went downhill from there bouncy Britney gave him a birthday cape because it was as 44th birthday and to mark that she called Michael was the artist of the millennium remember we got sucked in by that not me I was talking all about how he didn't when they award when was that and when you were in the summer show talking about it oh for the Labor Day show is not effect oh Laco jacko thought she was given an official award with that title I made a speech accepting it see that's why I was confusing a lot of people he thought it was an official award I know I was making fun of him so host Jimmy Fallon jokes that they were giving those awards to everyone I heard him squeal in his high pitch voice I won't be made fun of like this said an insider the MTV executive said Michael acts as if he's king of the hill when he's really over the hill very good that he's not lying yeah the king of the hill is over the hill yeah I was thinking of American idol they oh this picture if you could see they are both man they give new meaning the word par Shane these two Kelly and uh jett Justin yeah I mean somebody I'm not saying that if your talent you have to look because most people would love to tell it don't look all like great because god you know spreads it around a little bit that's right American idol finalist Kelly and Justin our real life sweetheart that says you believe that I heard that before whatever songbird oh he is grotesque another picture him in fact he looks like a girl right you know he's more feminine he's here songbird Kelly Clarkson is not only become the first American idol she's also won the man of her dreams singing rival Justin Guadini the two idol stars have become real life sweetheart as well as America sweetheart I would have passed you months and the producers struggle to keep their romance under wraps they inquire his learn how they liked that they were wrapping it Kelly it probably in plastic Kelly and Justin our locked in a very heated love affair revealed insider show of the in fact someday she might even get to see it show of sex had worked just like you're good friend there what's your name Jessica Simpson and uh Nick oh yeah she was on that 70 show by the way she's got new breasts yeah you would have proved there's Nick have a new penis unfortunately she doesn't have a new face I see well that is her weak link there's no question about that from the 10 down she's fine but she got a little well that it's good they can rub their noses together because he's really great except for his nose they both have a little nose problem in fact that they're going to be doing a duet nobody knows that couple we've seen what was the song they did it was the theme from that awful movie was whatever was anyway Kelly and Justin our locked in a very heated nose affair revealed insider show of sex had worked harder to keep the blossoming romance under wraps since Justin attracted a huge following of teenage girls oh man he's on TV dummy oh in the beginning all 10 finalists arrived at the show together in the same limo and they shared a dress room of course and stick his got a big following of teenage girls too what let's say it don't say like ugly guys with no penis but Justin and Kelly were spending so much time together producers hired separate cars to pick them up and drop them off and they gave them separate changing rooms developed the insider sources say it was inevitable the two got hooked on each other they have similar interested my reach others talent and spent three months together living in the same hospital other finalists they just couldn't resist re-resees each other's charm looks in charisma said the insider just in himself confided were both group balls never great time together we just really got connected we just hooked it up we just stuck it in there just in 23 and Kelly twenty are both from small towns she's a former cocktail waitress and he was a door to door salesman neither was involved romantically when the competition started their romance was fast to ignite after one especially great performance they were back at the house with some of the other contestants and Justin was raving about Kelly's talent revealed the insider they were holding hands at hugging is if they were boyfriend a girlfriend then they slipped off quietly to a room together the next day the whole studio was a buzz with talk that Justin and Kelly had spent the night together and many more nights after that becoming overnight sensations living in a mansion and falling in love is beyond their wildest dreams it's in the inquire of baby it's in there god damn it they're doing it do you believe us no well we'll say it louder next time they're doing it randy danger fields doing it what he's doing dying he thought he was randy danger field caught smoking pot intensive care all right randy danger field was rushed to a hospital terrified he was having a heart attack and a common selfie fired up a joint right in the middle of the intensive care unit the any year old comic who has been battling heart disease for more than ten years was brought in by his devoted wife Joan 49 who says her husband panics every time he feels a twig a twinging his chest he goes oh randy came into the same john's health center on Saturday on August 31 why does a sheet wrenched in sweat and holding his chest with both hands in inside source revealed it was obvious he was in a lot of pain he must have thought he was Milton Burley got confused he was holding it with both hands he was moved to the ICU unit left alone to change his clothes in the bathroom and when the door was shut he lit up a joint set the source he said later which the com is nerves when a nurse opened the bathroom during a cloud of pot smoke hit her in the post an insider to slow us when the staff realized what was going on they were furious and so was Rodney's wife they didn't even allow flowers in the ICU so he can imagine how they feel about any kind of smoke god can you even begin to imagine that yeah imagining right now he will wish I someone on the four costs security when he arrived he went to his room to talk him but the damage was already done what could they do they couldn't throw out an 80 year old heart patient on his ear especially somebody as famous as Rodney when Rodney sheepishly admitted smoking party was given a good scolding some people in the hospital thought it was funny this whole guy sitting in ICU getting high but the nurses were fit to be tied Rodney sincerely apologized of the staff and told him would never happen again but smoking the joint did come down the panic stricken star he was suddenly much more relaxed and not afraid at all the nurses got his IV hooked up he was laughing and telling jokes like nothing had been wrong this time doctor told him his pains were not life threatening he was released Sunday morning it was told to take it easy but leave the drugs alone leave the drugs alone Rodney come on no more wicked weed on you kids out there there's a good message for if you know if you don't quit smoking I wicked weed you wind up like Rodney danger field 80 and rich and famous 32 votes on our poll today asking who's the most evil person so far because there's a lot of evil in the world at case you have a listen to our president lately there are a lot of evil doors and a lot of evil to be eliminated in the world today first we go to Iraq then we go to North Korea then we go to Iran then we take care of Sudan and of course Syria Mexico Canada China Britain Holland Belgium Argentina and Switzerland 32 votes who's the most evil person sunflower mayor pinga pecania 89 H1 has an 88 there's a little dog and pony show going on between those two back and forth Joe Carroyo 55 bow Howard David 45 a very strong fourth place show a nice go and mo nice go mo Gregory 20 in fact John rocker was in a building last week I heard being you know the long time controversial doctor is and he was in a guilty introduced into our morning guy and rocker walk up and said you mo Gregory 20 in thevarus 16 and PD bulliers only got in your mind come on PD you can do better net come on it's past noon at five maybe we wouldn't get the sheet to say that you know come on PD you can do better net well if we could just bring back the sheet when he'd be good in the morning as as what as the morning laughter finally all you need to better net in fact he if you stop I think about isn't he the only guy we've ever heard he's got a a more shrill voice than guilty yeah he puts get he may scaldies all I well or cronky you know macroshopping is the real pain in the ants in the keester in the rump because it requires if you do it the wrong way a lot of shopping around you know comparing prices here and here and then of course you go into a department store and they let you it's still got the plastic on a mattress they let you lay down on it for like about 10 seconds and they're standing over you like okay that's it that's the test you get forget about that future macros the smart easy way by calling my good buddies at dial a macros toll free at 1 800 macros and get the ultimate freedom of choice with the top brand names in the world not some off-brand you never heard up but the top makers anywhere sorta see these simmons king coil the best manufacturers of macros has ever been invented and no store can match the everyday low prices and because they got the deepest Alexa brand name actresses they don't payton swiss you into one you didn't want in the first place the one you're looking for is in stock and ready for nearly immediate delivery any day the week seven days when it's convenient for you and any two hour window between noon and two and one and three and two and four three fifteen and five fifteen etc so pick up that phone and do it the smart way call them right now don't forget to give you that 30 day in-home cover guarantee to try to check it out in your house the right way up to a month sleep on it do your thing out of make sure it's the macros that's right for you call them right now they'll be there knock it on the door no time 1 800 1 800 MATT RES check them out on their website if you like it mattress dot com they're dick in the White House McDonald's is coming the fat in their fries but here at Macdoubles we're upping the fat why eat healthy when you can enjoy those good old grease hogging french fries and McDonald's and double the size of our fries now try Macdoubles double death was combo of burguring software hey jolt as well i ten times the caffeine and forty times the sugar i think i think they make that in Rochester right across the lake there it is the L Alexander the Information Technology Director for Albuquerque and Mexico Public Schools was not exactly a fan of filtering software for blocking pornography and other websites deemed inappropriate for children but when congress required of its schools that received certain technology grants Alexander had no trouble deciding whether install a software up to fourteen point seven million dollars was at stake there was a lot of money on the table Alexander said and now wait any arguments that good adults supervision not a filtering product is the best solution for dealing with unsavory online content all across the country schools are installing filter the only outside of the online content i received with the online detective all across the country schools are installing filters expanding their use despite flaws in the software which sometimes blocks legitimate sites needed for lessons you following that i got it for the most parts schools had a one-cell filters by the new school year and unwelcome surprise for some students and teachers it's like a lot of teachers scrambling to help kids get the information they be needing to tell them handing a high school physics teacher in san francisco and you sure have to know about your physics in one case the summary set of student researching race tracks for a new spiff for a paper found resources on them blocked as gambling sites in albuquerque this swim team couldn't get sites on swim suits oh oh pain just like i said that's here's catalogs going to be next couldn't find the research material on race tracks on hazel park and vrgcreme or events coplan and try boring and kevin wallace shame on you people in ira could del the federal children's imminent put and red Ross the children's federal internet protection act also requires filtering in libraries and frances over here but that the provision is on hold after federal court in filenalfia struck it down his violating first amendment guarantees in appeal is pending but the requirement for schools in their libraries was never challenged partly because schools typically have greater leeway in restricting student contact affected programs of who technology grants from the education department and the popular e-rate subsidies that are funded through telephones to your charges and while the lock covers only sexually oriented materials made districts are using the same filters to voluntarily block e-commerce games violence and other material for kim to uh... kez strara will take your name kim a senior in ascending high school in austin the europe is now what they have sing sing is of what in austin in the europe is we're sing sing prison all had to idea when i do you just learn something i pretty sure for kim kez surai senior at austin high school austin the europe builder's been choosing a new senior project because a site for redhead ink a company was going to profile mysteriously got black about half the sites i could access for research on the given topic our black many of the most used police said what's used to technology if we can't use it so i have an opinion is what's used to have it if you can't use it that's what's parents at least one district in ugin ore gun is rejected the grants in question about seven grand rather than expand filtering all schools filters are imperfect and give students and parents a sense of security that really is not there said less more the district's director computing information services filtering companies generally more to slow blocking criteria considering them proprietary most schools have policies for overriding blockages sometimes the symbols having a teacher do it on the spot ever have a teacher do it on the spot no by which wished yet rather than a positive community based review committee around the field of the coming out did that example what's going on post when it's out block it out pull seven and ten think you actually had war with the rack year from now seven of ten remember now see if this is true then we're we got a real problem you know we got a real problem no seriously because if they do start if they want to they want to start the war like in late January and February they want to have a lot of good enough to get going and if we're going to be a warrior from now if it's going to take like till next September we got some real serious problem us seven of ten American say they'll think the US will be a war with a rack year from now according to a polo police Tuesday the polo is taken just before Iraq invited you unwelpens inspectors back in the country about the same number said they believe if the US doesn't take military action against your back leaders son of a saying he'll eventually use weapons of mass destruction against this country almost half said they expected within five years while a force said that by next year in the six said in the next six months he'll be using it the CNN USA today gallop pole right wing of eight hundred three adults was taken Friday through Monday and has an error margin of plus or minus four points other findings in the poll president pushes job approval was 70 percent and increased from recent weeks when is approval was in the mid sixties two third sixty eight percent said voices asking congress to support military action because he thinks propped interactions necessary to protect the United States about a fourth twenty six percent said he's doing it to help Republicans elections a third thirty five percent said some of the democrats said they thought democrats are reluctant to vote because they want more evidence and six in ten or fifty nine percent today one away because it might hurt them the democrats in the election was they got it right week need jellyfish finalist democrats just all covering in like I said he did the right thing he waited right to write before the election put him into a box he boxed in right in the corner you know who else is boxed in a corner I give up jury Lewis oh if you could see this country oh boy I mean does the expression boofo told come to mind I mean this is sad this is tragic jury Lewis collapses during show beloved funny man was talking about suicide just hours before last legend jury Lewis when pulled out of a charity appearance at a London theater sources reveal this is in the globe ironically just hours before he shocking collapsed the 76 year old funny matter confided to a reporter but he was so ill in the spring he considered blowing his brains out George had you'll be glad to learn his piece how you wouldn't do that no he's got a buys on but state hand Alan walls tells the globe that Lewis was in high spirits when he suddenly caved in while waiting to take the stage for the September 8th high on lack of benefits show with a palladium jury was watching a monitor backstage was in great form laughing and joking with everybody while says an exclusive interview one then he was sitting back in the chair looking at the screen the next is head loud to one side and he was an obvious pain and struggling for breath like that to our medics were called they put the comic was fighting for air on a stretcher and carried into the ambulance Lewis was given oxygen while his pulse and blood pressure were checked the medics wanted to rush him to the hospital but Lewis who had done his grueling 24 hour annual muscular dystrophy telephone the US the week before refused i heard him telling i'm going to be fine as no need to take the hospital says another theater source just make sure those guys keep the show on the road let's roll hours early in and if you were said they wasn't so much agony from an old spinal injury or this year wanted to kill himself and April he got it so bad that of course me to get a gun and seriously think about putting in my mouth he can fight it i thought my life was over but a doctor fitted him with a special pain blocking electrical device that worked so well he recently was able to hold his daughter Daniel 10 who he adopted with his wife Sandy 51 for the first time in early two years Lewis a diabetic is also battle spinal meningitis and prostate cancer and is currently taking the steroid prednis on a combat the lung disease pulmonary fibrosis boy sure got a bunch of things you know a bunch of stuff that drug threatened his own is cost him to gain 52 pounds and drastically puffed up his face which is why he looks like a buffo told from the chin up still despite his problems Lewis and sister to be taken home and not to the hospital after his backstage collapse all jray wanted says the source was arrested his own bed and hopefully had a good dialo mattress oh isn't that with fat boy would say if he were here what do you mean by that all he thought of the is not in a role but he's he's around somewhere pali he's sitting on her fax me some more crap some more useless garbage about gay country music stations crap that nobody cares about get the work fat boy go sell something before your time is up and believe me in eight long now 349 votes who's the most evil person in south Florida mayor pinga pecania 100 hwane high pinga pop zenga 96 jo caro 57 more Howard David 47 Gregory 21 nicked of our 18 and pd bulls are breaks doing double digits with 10 but you're a three evil pd now huh the evil one 1226 at five 60 wc I'm the mad dog Jim Matt is going to be on a one anchor three with bino cook five to six hour by now I am positive you're currently incredible earning potential of being a computer professional and you've heard us talk about the incredible demand on this station for certified computer professional they need you you've also had us talk about the great people at fast train it's time to do yourself a big favor pick up the phone and call fast train toll free at one eight six six fast trains start making some serious cash you can complete your program get certified just for short months and be on your way to new higher ping satisfying career fast train got for convenience locations all over day and brought including the newest one in kendell fast trains got convenient day eating weekend classes to fit your schedule they've got full time job placement department with over 30 experience so these are the people you want to be doing it with pick up the phone call our good friends at fast train right now why do you think it about it and get started right away call toll free one eight six six fast train that's one eight six fast train or you know how goes check them out of their website which is fast train dot com my local here sports video five sixty two a the honey tune yeah are you second time being overweight one of the big fun yes thunder thighs turkey neck yes arm flaps yes love handles double chin and beer got forever oh yes well now you can with no guiding no popping and absolutely no exercising through simple hypnosis the pounds will mirror email to wave this revolutionary program designed by thunder big al-umkin will train your brain to believe your thin is that it works I put you under I whispered my magic directly into your matulamun got a now you're still the same fatality always was you just don't thank you is let me demo it for you this here is Barbara she is rigged but after just one session with me she thinks she's like who the is something here watch it hey Barbara what are you wearing to the beach today my song bikini oh I mean she's got to be like three forty but in her hand she's one twelve in reality that's how much one of her ears waist still not convinced right me Steve he weighs in a six twenty eight stimo I'm digging a new trial what's the waist size and embed voice thirty four big al-um try and a zero that fat boy see they just don't realize face it the only thing that matters is that you feel good about yourself to look he'd like a ping and it comes to me I was pretty old voodoo mumbo jumbo into you sell it there and presto you are a skinny many this program is not been approved by the FDA and BARRA it may not be suitable for anyone with an IQ over forty testimonials will give my actual program participants who believe they are thin but they are not. ever seen anybody with your fat person whose ears were fat yes that's that's really about and beyond like fat earlobes you know I'm saying and fat eyelids god said anybody worth thinking up in particular no no just in general 1232 at five sixty WQM Australian Jews oil in landmark racist website case Australia's Jewish community when a landmark court case Tuesday when a judge ruled a website that denied the Holocaust happened and vilified Jewish people was illegal under racial discrimination laws they took your what is your site uh huh in the first us trade in court decision on race hate and the internet federal court just is Katherine Branson ordered Frederick Tobin to remove offensive material from his ad latin's to website within the next seven days the offending material denied the deaths of millions of Jews during the Nazi era and said Jewish people who were offended by or challenged Holocaust and aisles were limited intelligence the court was satisfied that the respondent had published material on the worldwide web which is reasonably likely in all circumstances to offend and salt humiliate and intimidate Jewish Australians for instance said in the court's judgment the court sitting in an all-so ordered the what is it also ordered Tobin to wish you a written apology to present the executive council boss radio jury georgeur me Jones who brought the legal action and to pay the court's costs Tobin said on his website he repealed the ruling a former school teacher Tobin was jailed in Germany in 1999 for seven months on charges of inciting hatred through pamphlets oh it's big enough pamphlets you know one of the things that i see around here oh it's said see them handing out the uh Jesus pamphlets on the street corners you know yeah they got these screenwash kids and they'd like got their Bible in one hand and they they stop especially the Chinese now you know why can't they leave the poor chinks alone already huh i mean rubbin put on a head never heard anybody what why do they got to go after them and they got all their little Jesus pamphlets and all of the end days are coming in Bible B but let it all reset bush has cabinet full of wealth if Carlos is a little bit short of if uh we don't get him on a payroll right away if our good close personal friend clearance is continuing to go into hiding today we can always take a loan for for uh Carlos from the bushes when vice president chanian 14 other statutory members of president bushes cabinet meet 10 of them have one thing in common their millionaires in fact a third of the cabinet members according to their financial disclosure statements are in the ten million dollar plus range while another third are in the one-to-five minute dollar range piker slippers the heaviest hitter is former alcoa chief executive Paul Hony alnabhi treasury secretary he's worth between 67 and 256 million disclosure form don't give specific price valuations for holdings but instead require officials to state whether their asset is worth from for example 100,000 to 250,000 or 5 to 25 million like most of his afflement colleagues in administration only let's take a money out of directly own stocks will avoid allegations of conflicts of interest and placed it in mutual index and other funds with a wide variety of holdings or in the government onel for example reported that he has between 25 and 50 million dollars in the vanguard institutional index fund five to 25 million in a solomance misbarny money market fund and five to 25 million in the dive in cox stock fund the cabinet member with roughly the same amount of assets as onel is defense secretary Donald H. don't call me here on vanguard hearing rum spelled over the past 25 years rum spell's been chief executive of gd surl and company and general instrument corporation and serve it a number of corporate boards including the tributing company which owns the Los Angeles Times in Chicago Tribune and Kellogg company serious robot and company in all state corporation rum spelled reported that he is worth between 62.1 and 115.8 million dollars over the past year he's purchased five to 25 million dollars in the vanguard municipal bond intermediate fund and burnstein diversified in the bunch of others vice president chainy was in third place the former chief executive of haliburton companies worth between 22 and 104.1 million dollars secretary is state colon panel has also put some of his money in taxes and funds including five to 25 million they covered fund tax-free long-term fund his other major holding is investment of five to 25 million in the brandy wine blue fund and it goes on and on and it just makes you want to scream makes you want to call up mid-turtian bitches ass out you know I guess we better not do that you talk kidnapping mystery solve aren't you it's solved that's what the inquiruses and if it's an inquiry we have my reason Ibrons say I guess what and it's got a picture of Richard Reesie number him how's he doing he died how cops crack the Elizabeth smart cases the headlock was it's a lot easier to crack it after the prime suspect is dean you top police are privately saying that they've found the case of team Elizabeth smart kidnapping even though the 14 year old's body has not been found investigate is a piece together scenario of how and why she was abducted from her solid city home to and fifth and disappeared in the thin air the authorities are convinced that handyman and her one addict Richard Reesie 48 is the culprit but his sudden death august 30th from a brain hemorrhage is dashed hopes that he confess and confirm the investigations conclusions and even as you tell police privately pinned the blame on Reesie there were odds with the FBI some of whose agents believe Elizabeth's kidnapper may still be on the loose Reesie was always the Utah cops number one suspect and you notice they never called him a suspect when he was alive well who cares the navities dead and call whatever the hell they want a source posted investigation told inquiries always number number one he was well known by the smart families of friendly handyman and those close to the case feeling of duck Elizabeth after a botched break in the cops keep peace of evidence against Reesie is the hard-corritate sister of anyone kid's rooms during break-ins and a belief that that items he could steal for quick cash would be written off by their parents is simply lost his embo of lifting right of a lot of them from kids rooms to pump or drug money backfire that night when Elizabeth awoke to find a man in the room said the close source that sealer phychia to begin to rid of be gotten a rid of Reesie took his secrets to the grave said insider how do you like that so the cases close so they say you can't be police yeah now that he's dead casclosed wait till Iran's he's crook okay's closed in fact there's some people who can't wait for the rams he's out the crook and I think patty may not disappoint you know what I know watching that I think you keep a close eye on that bitch 21 till one at five sixty wqa new balances out florica covers all your athletic and put wear needs if you need new athletic shoes for cross-training or cross-dressing running walking weightlifting for other weekend worry activities new balances out florida's got your feet covered new balances out florida does it the old fashioned way they measure the length of the wither when you go in the door to make sure you get a perfect fit that's your feet with all of the brands of shoes if they don't fit you have to go to another model or type now with new balance new balance has athletic shoes that give you the best possible fit from infant all the way up to size 20 so if you're like one of them big sparks your basketball players with gigantic feet or maybe just like time welling who for a white guy's got awfully big feet they can take care of it new balance they've got the style sizes and what's the shoes that only before you could find in catalogs or by mail order new balances your one stop shop and if for someone like the reason they have the special order those shoes they will know extra charge for you so make a run over to new balances out florida and haven't your mall pincresed bokeh town center and coming in November that there are newest location in prestigious Palm Beach Gardens if your feet could thank you they would for schlepping you to new balance fat rich reminds me my mother woo hi the power sorry I've waited to see in there don't look okay I'm making it so at least close the door will you? I can't don't look in the door I spread my lake when I splash my cheeks I touch in the floor don't want nobody to see me like that I'm reading the paper doesn't give him kap stole yes besides now dead stalk I can't close the door because I can't pay Don't go looking in the door I'm dropping toys in the well Please don't join around Try to ignore I can't do this now I'm in the amaken I can't take it With my pants on the floor Next to my chin Woo Finally done I can't walk broke I can't walk broke I can't stand up It's not me It's not me It's not me It's not me It's not me I'll see you pali Prof. 85 with 560 Here's the fact Is working on getting the info He just read on the millionaires in the bush administration Can you tell me who the author of the article is? Well, just to show you I'm a great guy I can't go back into my little trash bag back there And pull it out I ain't did that Bush has a cabinet full of wealth It's in yesterday's Washington Post The author is Thomas B. Edsel, E. D. S. A. L. L. Page 827 Even giving you the page number How do you like that, eh? I never noticed that before the Washington Post on their website Even giving you the page number that appears on that's pretty nice Good, you know? Washington Post yesterday, Thomas B. Edsel E. whatever his name is Bush has a cabinet full of wealth Is what it says There you go No extra charge Al Gore blasted Bush for floor election problems Former vice president Al Gore We lost his bit for the White House in a bit of a Recon Battle in Florida two years ago Said yesterday the Florida needs a new governor to fix its election problem We need a new governor to fix the state is what we need Not just the election from the new governor During a brief stop in Palm Beach County the epicenter of the 2000 election debacle Gorgeous governor, Jeff Bush bail voters again during the primary election You don't think it's the sour grapes do you? Maybe little bit I don't think he holds a grudge do you? Lockbox Ha ha ha I think maybe the whole jet bush family ought to be in a lockbox Stata trouble that way The governor pledged to fix it all and make it the envy of the world Gore said Nobody expected that he would fail as badly as he did There no member of 2000 presidential election dragged on for 36 days until Gore lost Florida allegedly The George W. Bush by 537 votes and tried which 537 votes my ass And trying to recover from the national investment Float has spent 32 million dollars to reform the election system Many countries purchased new voting machines replaced punch card butterfly ballots I say countries counties well in case of date county many foreign countries But during September 10th primary the first day wide use of new systems hundreds of voters in the two largest county said they were turn away because of equipment failures Of the tabulating problems and reconciled January to the way to week before she concluded Tuesday to Tampa Conceited Tuesday to Tampa or Wilmic Brian in the Democratic Governor Terrell race Even though it the late night comics have gotten a hold of it again. It isn't funny Gore said it ain't funny. It's a pile of crap is what he said It's a bunch of do-do Gore said he stopped from West Palm Beach because he wanted to help. What's your name? What's her or Roberts? No, not January. No she already lost Carol Roberts the West Palm Beach Democrat was running against E. Clay Shaw He said she's a fighter. She knows the people and is the best interest to the people at art The breakfast of the governor's public West Palm Beach drew about 2,000 people and was expected to raise at least 50 grand for Roberts Effort. How do you like that? That's from the Palm Beach prestigious Palm Beach post Which I'll say it again crappy sports section, but other nothing. That's a pretty good crappin' it's okay Religious and public stations battle for share of radio dial The Reverend Donald Wildman founding chairman of a mushrooming network of Christian radio stations Doesn't like national public radio He detested in it. Oh and speak it of crap Guess who Larry has on it. Here all the stuff is going on in the world Here's Jess even. Sure on MS and BC. Here's you know people that might have a little bit of credibility or at least somebody you might want to hear So who does the king monster have on last night? Reverend Thompson or Dr. Whatever the hell I come the Thompson James Thompson from the focus on a family of enemies The right wing of the pseudo religious organization is and what do you think? I was just channel surfing so I tune in for like two minutes. What do you think that we're talking about? I give up homos. Oh, that is a surprise that the world's biggest problem. Homos. Anyway, Reverend Wildman detests the news that the public gets to national public radio Believes it slanted from a distinctly liberal and secular perspective Said Patrick Vaughn general counsel for Mr. Wildman's American family radio In late Charles Louisiana American family radio has silence what its boss detests It knocked two NPR stations off the local airwaves last year transforming this southwest Louisiana community of 95,000 people into the most popular place in the country where all things considered cannot be heard In place of that program and morning edition cartoch and local cage and program called Vaughn's rural Louisiana listeners now find home school heartbeat The Philishu fly report and a conservative evangelical musings of Mr. Wildman who's never broadcast from tuple on Mississippi He says it was good enough for Elvis. It's good enough for me The Christian stations routed NPR and Charles under a federal law that allows non-commercial broadcasts with licenses for full power stations To push out those with weaker signals the equivalent of the varsity team kicking the freshman out of the gym This is happening all over the country the losers are so-called translators stations low budget operations that retransmit the signals of bigger distance stations The FCC considers them squatters on the far left side of the FM dial and anyone who's granted a full power license can legally run them out of town Religious broadcasts have done this to public radio stations in Oregon and Indiana as well and many large public large market public radio stations Like WBEZ and Chicago complain that new non-commercial stations most of the mortgages are stepping on the signal at the edge of their transmission areas Stations are scrambling for these frequencies at the time of rapid growth in the national NPR audience and even faster growth And religious networks like the American family radio owns a hundred ninety four stations has eighteen affiliates and has applications for hundreds more pending with the FCC The non-commercial band is getting very very crowded and there's just a lot just not a lot of room for new stations and desirable areas said Robert Unmuck an actual based radio consultant The competition is fierce and the Reverend Wildman is especially hard nose is people are very good at what they do being unscrupulous and not going to the people off the air How do you like that Tim of course bigger one of them over there in Amsterdam and channel surfing on my satellite this with my 1400 channels There's Paul and Jan Croch TV and this country TV and from that country that's what they do To get all these old suckers descend in their money their 20 bucks their 15 bucks their hundred bucks to make their their god the safest pledges And they take those tax free millions and millions and got our nose how many hundreds of millions of dollars and they buy up a It's a radio intelligence station all over the world So they can spread the word and to make more cash. That's the good word the good way you bet when they open up those envelopes man They say oh god, that's good you bet when I'll have cash falls out and those gigantic checks 251 at five and see that's okay This but old people sad people lonely people superstitious people misclio. She's bad But all these is so called TV ever from a Benny Hind Benny Han whatever hell his name is and Jan and Paul Croch and all these other Fakers always other far business going with their homotalk and Don't forget of course Dr Kennedy who's really heart up. I hope that everybody of one it comes to be one o'clock As you listen to the mad dog get in your car drive by the crowbirds Presbyterian church empty out your wall A throw few bucks on along there. They're hard up for cash. Help out poor Dr Kennedy Hey, you want to chance to win a free bear from the Vermont Cityburg company just sign up to be a pre-fraud member That's free to find out more by calling 1800829 beer or visiting their website at Vermontedibird.com if you're looking for a fun and different gift for somebody's birthday new baby Or just want to wish somebody well sending a barre gram gift is a nifty a swirl idea Just call 1-800-829 beer and a bear council will help you choose from over a hundred handcrafted bears Personalized just for your loved one and delivered a little and a couple gift box with candy in a card It's a great of all turned into flowers. It'll be enjoyed forever because unlike flowers which are dead in hours Vermontedibirds are glad and teed for life You can choose from bears like the new baby beer with a baby's name and birthday and embroidered on the bib or wish somebody Well, I'm not I'm not making this one up sometimes. I'm mixing up. We're somebody well with the good wishes fairy bear They've got bears for having someone to Carlos. Oh, not you Carlos the other Carlos or maybe our Carlos It got bears for hobbies and occupations too like the gardening bear in the cooking bear or the business man and women bears overnight and centered liver is guaranteed so call today 1-800-829 bear or shop online at Vermontedibird.com Show you care send a bear. It's the creator of alternative flowers. Tell them that old Neil toward it. You call toll free 1-800-829-B-E-A-R I did this game. Oh, you believe it. Now. What did I do? I don't know what made it do I thought I hit that Don't like all the hard burn Don't don't every time I see That retard and damn wish Don't don't fall I'm TV He's president Repiltered bustle in our kingdom in India I don't know why they won't want to die but not easy to First through the neck or ears with president Oh What I can do Don't go so small and get to we all voted more If you want this Don't don't don't let this drum and stupid me Don't don't don't let this drum get rich here Don't don't leave it Don't burn me He's president Yeah don't care what it does You got on the end by a burn pro Oh Oh You and I would have more fear We've got a great leader With president Oh You know just reading that number again because I forgot because of the passage of time 537 votes is the final number they finally wittled it down to by hooking by crook Mostly by crook Yeah And here to think that Bill McBride Beats Jan Arrino by almost 5000 votes Now almost 5000 out of a million doesn't sound like that many but compared to the presidential election Right I mean this was like a landslide Right Landslide I mean me too gigantic win Don't even think about recounting any votes And of course this whole thing was marginal anyway and suspicious and suspect in psychotic 537 votes They could steal at like in ten seconds Would a bunch of a button How many thousands of dark votes? Dark votes didn't get to vote in 2000 So here we got people who you know manipulated in stole the election By crook And then of course you're come as any surprise that the manipulating the public now To this public opinion thing and everybody's whipped up into a frenzy You're after 9-11 and we just celebrated the anniversary of it And now we got to go into Iraq and the whole song of the dance You got to be a patriot maybe which is why they cowardly democrats are trembling and peeing in their pants and afraid to open up a mouth So you got to hand him for that for a masterful song of dance You only problem is sad I'm seems to be throwing like a little monkey wrench in the works You notice then? Yeah Every time he's like a master manipulator every time they think He would like what's his name that was all what was his name? He's a guy who got out of the escape artist Who do you? Yeah, Harry who do you? 378 votes on our pool who's the most evil person in South Florida Mayor Pingu Pecania 108 H Wayne-Haising 104 that's a horse race That's a real battle baby right out of the wire Joe Carroyo 63 more Howard David's in the running 51 Gregory 22 Nick the Mar 19 people drove and by the way We're almost out of time but I should point out Yesterday Joe Rose filled in for the mad dog who decided to screw off again yesterday But wouldn't you think we got a program directed now and operations manager? We got 75 bureaucrats and nobody even can let us know who it is on the year Right, right, right, right The weather show I'm five six million two a year My own four-largest animal in rate me