There, one of them was kind of, anyway. What are you talking about? You start not picking up with that stuff. No, the two guys that brought the stuff in my mailbox, in that little car. If they wanted to deliver, I'll call them all the time. They want to bring it inside, deliver what? Meet on a bun. Anyway, we got a lot of votes on there. I'd like to take a bunch of calls today. Okay, because I'm just, I don't know. I'm warning now from too many damn periodical audio. What is your car on audio? I can't remember that. Although I do have a lot of stuff. Case at chickenpox puts time on alert for smallpox. Not that we're panicking, you understand in this country. But, Kansas City, did you hear the story? No, when you will now. Of course, when I ask you, did you hear it? That doesn't really mean that much, because you're out of touch. That's right. You know, they're all the drug deals and getting little action on the side from a girl. Kansas City, Missouri officials at St. John Hospital in Leville, with Kansas quarantine and emergency room for more than five hours a Monday. I guess what? It's Thursday already. Okay? This is from the Kansas City star. After mending a patient with chickenpox symptoms, so severe they resembled smallpox. Although a test later confirmed that as he was chickenpox, suspicions that they potentially fatal smallpox were enough to put down, put the town of Leville on alert. And what's about 40 miles north west of Kansas City, Missouri? I can only imagine what kind of a place that must be. Kansas City, here we're been there. Have you ever been through it? And maybe it's a fine place. Don't see why my judgemental like that. Don't make judgements on things you know nothing about. Kansas City might be a wonderful town. But I don't think so. Under the quarantine, no one was allowed to be emergency room and no one was allowed out from noon to 530 pm. ambulances were diverted to cushion, memorial hospital, also in Leville, I wonder if it's named after the famous Michigan Harness Graver Ron Cushing. Saint John employees who possibly would come in contact with the patient Don gloves, protective breathing mask and glasses or facials. Speaking of harness or drivers, I want to make this announcement. Okay. With all due respect to my good close personal friends, Kevin Wallace and Molly Harnessy. Bruce Rangers, the best driver, Pomp and O Park. He just is. Okay. All right. I don't think he's that crazy about me, but I don't care. I don't take it personal. I just said, would do apologies to my friend, Wally. Hey, Wally, how's it going? And the great Kevin Wallace. Bruce Rangers just he is phenomenal. A post of the level worth just as said it was briefly closed after a police officer reported coming in contact with an emergency medical worker transported the patient. 11 worth health officials said they didn't think the overreacted. You never know nowadays that Alan Humphrey's administrative, the Leville County Health Department, 911 out of autostad and he's right. Go take nothing for granted. The patient and then made at the you, the worst moosey man, you know, they keep promising he's going to be on her. I guess now he's going to make like a grand appearance, you know, of the got these two scumbags. Now he's going to come out like with a band and would like a whole, you know, marching band and they're going to have a bomb. Hey, you go, boy. Nice going moosey man. We done it together. Anyway, this whole thing goes on about Kansas City, the business and level worth to that is not worth the federal pediatrics, reason, level worth of seems to me. That's what I heard. Good place for it. Just like that state prison in Jackson, Michigan, Jackson, state prison, right near the racetrack, not too far from it. And believe me, a lot of those drivers ought to be in it. Poll numbers are just pouring in here. If we could get numbers on the ratings as good as we do on some of these polls, we'd have a 45 sure. 331 votes all right. It's not even 11 o'clock George. They've got a keen interest in you. They're monitoring you. Why were George's ratings so weak this summer? His shows are boring 71. I love George 88, 20 and a half percent. And the number moving up. His show blows 45. Mo is a brutal lead in. I've changed it again. Just what I got to Mo. It's our changing again. 45 say Mo is a brutal lead in. That's the same number as his show blows. So there's many people who think your show blows blame a Mo for the blow. Too much Ash talk 26. He's an anti-Semitic little spik 24. It was Miguel's fault. He's out of way up to 15. Oh, I'm going Miguel. He can't compete with Howard Spurham 13. He can't compete with Howard or Rush 10. He mumbles 10. He can't compete with Rush only four. I don't know what this is on MTV. Meaning what? But they can people? Yeah. Hey, we got to watch Leon Harris here. He might say Kirby a puppet. Oh, they're making a lot of money. Yeah, I'm learning what's going on. I'm going to be a phone. What channel is that? 57. 57 has got a bunch of hot naked people. Right guys running around. He's not where we're with. I wouldn't touch him when you're hanging. They had a whole swath. I wouldn't lick him with your tongue. I don't see anybody interesting. Well, you missed it. They had a parade. Well, I don't want to miss it. I want to see the good people on their naked and erect in firm and running around like having a good time. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. The reason I wasn't going on. Did you see what was in that ballroom? He was hungry though. I don't want to see anybody. I agree guys with bulging their pants. Anyway, nice false alarm George. Don't worry about your men MTV. It was nothing but scabby people. I'd lie. There you go. There's a real hot look. You. Hey, Mokin tell you where you can get a good piece. Well, maybe he'll only want to his. I'm so sorry I turned this on. Great expectations. Now, the obvious question is do I check out the double chocolate chunk brownie? There's all of this food here, you know what I mean? I know. I get rid of it. I'm, know you're not. What did I eat? What do you mean you're going to get rid of it? Make it into the kitchen. Are you the goddamn food police? You'll take anything to the kitchen. You'll take into the kitchen when we're done with it. Are we done with it? No. I haven't even had chance to get out of the chair yet. By the way, that would have been great. It would have been great. It would have been great. It would have been great. They love the food. They love us. They would just friendly. Took my hand through too many times. But, huh? Taking pictures. I autographed a couple of pictures. They're putting us on a wall. They're putting you on a hall of fame in me on the hall of flame. No, I thought that they were like big fans, but then the one guy in the background. I didn't hear what he said. The one I was standing in the corner he looked at me and said, Baaaaaay! Something like that. WQAM. That was the one line. It was ringing. I thought I'd give them a great chance of laying down. But it was not him. But it was not him. But we missed the rise break. There you go. Just a kiss we missed out. 567 waiting for your analysis on the sniper guys being arrested. Do you feel better about it? What about your analysis of how bad the maple leaves aren't got beat by the fledgling Panthers last night? Any interest in that? How about some hockey talk? No. Like I say, you picked a subject. Whatever it is, they got nothing to say about it. Very sad. Thanks Mike. WQAM. They're a good booker. Thanks Mike. WQAM. No more kneel. More George. Yeah. Okay. That's your buddy again. Second time. All day long. Hats you like poison by the way. WQAM. Yes sir. It's your first real call of the day. How about the lightning, baby? How about what? How about the lightning? How about them? They're a good team. They're hot. They're hot. They're what they find. They need the wager. They can't get out. You'll see how long that's going to last. I saw them play the thrashes in the, uh... What happened in La Cavalier's knee? Is he okay? Is he playing? I think he's by the way he's playing, but he's going to be sore. Um, yeah, I just think he's doing great job. Yeah, I think he's doing great. Yeah, I think he's doing great. I think they got these guys accepted. They're the snipers and they were sleeping in the man's. I think they got him. Okay. Nice going. Okay. But the next time you call don't say, I think you do a great job. I don't like that sucking around crap. I know I do a great job. I don't need you to tell me that. But thanks very much for a fairly rational call. And a little hockey talk. That's the other the hockey talk. What are you laughing about? No more goddamn hockey talk or somebody out there is going to get upset and he'll be really... BOOINGING! BOOING! BOOING! BOOING! We're sports radio five six four. UAM! The banana republic baby, only in Miami. The following is a paid public service announcement from the International Rifle Association. Let's face. Most of us will never be rich. Now, we probably won't even be successful. And that's pretty damn depressing. But as usual with every problem there is a solution. Hi. I'm Jim and I'm here to tell you a little something about handguns. They scare their shit out of people and intimidate them and it giving you whatever you want. That's right. Handguns. Think about it. Needs of cash? Rob a bank. Don't have enough money for fear? All the convenience store. Takes chips and pretzels wire in. It's all free if you've got a handgun. Some son of a bitch, cheating on your girlfriend? Kill him. To simple solution, a life complex problem. Why have to do is wait the five days for it and happiness is just around the corner. Hell, if you don't want to wait the five days who cares? By the damn thing of the street. Just buy a lot of handguns. It's a great alternative to working problems out and be considered a population control. Yes, handguns. They just might make your fans. Kill some people. Love it out to a 560 WCM happy Thursday 2 at a great day. We got free lunch from Quiznosed today. Which we love Quiznosed. See how to want to get up and set with me. Because we appreciate they brought us a lot of food. They bring to all your appearances. Probably this Saturday and Bill Sand. No question. But. Yes. And their food is good. But not like this. Not like this. Like what? Like free. No, it's also free. Not like this. Not like Quiznosed. And you know what's the different kinds of bread? The toasted bread. You're all different kinds. Not that I'm eating the bread. Am I eating the bread? You're witness to that. But at any rate, we thank them very much. And it's nice to have an next time we need stuff like this. We'll call on Quiznosed. What we. Yes, we will. Excellent. That's something very. Oh, yeah, the Russian thing that you and I talked about before the show, which you didn't even know about. Well, how could I know about it? Nobody's talking about it. Bunch of Chetney and Muslims. Chetchen. Bunch of Chetney and Chetchen's. Took a whole 600 people hostage inside a. Symphony theater in Moscow yesterday afternoon. Last night actually there are time. They checked the IDs. They let all of the people with this. Lomic names are all the Muslims out. They let all the children out. And they've still got hundreds of other people. They've only. They took some hostages and one moment they just reported on CNN's been shot. And you like that. We have. I hate to say this because I don't want to sound like some kind of a bigoted piece of crap. But we certainly do have a Muslim problem in this world. In the world. You know, and we're hearing about. Well, there's one point to the billion Muslims. Well, that's that's all well and good. Believe whatever it tells you want. But quick killing innocent people. That's our best suggestion. Okay. Could be in a much of barbarians. That's our best advice. And anyway, and even these two scumbags, the snipers. Turns out that they were both well kind of like would be. Yeah, Muslim Muslim light. Is what they might have been. And they were both Jamaicans. Now I picked the bad day to quit sniffing glue. I guess so. And vicious porn star gets three months. The porn star, Mr. Siv, a former investment bank chairman was sentenced to yesterday, the three months in prison for trading on inside stock tips he gave her, and sharing information with another lover, calling herself a tough chick. And an adventure some areas, Catherine Ganon 33. I wonder if she was into eating ass. Two reporters that while she was surprised she got prison time, the sentence would only help promote a big movie being made about her life. There's no fear here. I'm from Canada and I can handle it. She said, well, she's from Canada. That puts a different spin out of the day. I got to go. I have a cocktail waiting for me. She said. Ganon who's known to me, a delphym industry is Marilyn Star. You know who that is? Nope. I don't either. Head plea to kill the enjoy. See, it's not like the old days. Well, the old days you knew everyone's name and all although I'm but not anymore. There's just enough. It's all like cookie cutter stuff now. Head plea to kill the enjoy to two conspiracy canceling the illegal use of inside information. She got from James Victor, a junior head of the Keith, Bryant, and Woods thing. Prosecutor said she earned about 80 grand in illegal profits from the tray. She remains free on a $300,000 personal reconnaissance bond secured by five grand in cash, which had been posted previously. Ganon who's given up her passport cannot travel outside in the or state must run in the federal authorities and Manhattan on December 2. Notice it's been maybe at about where she'll serve her term. But I guarantee wherever she's got to serve the term. There's going to be some heavy duty stuff going on inside there when you think inside her and inside there. What am I going to do with this brownie? Did you see this brownie? I started talking about a little while ago and I cut myself off intentionally because I don't want to do it like you're already too deeply involved into it. What? Now I already opened it up. Yeah. Now this is what they call a quizznose the double chocolate chunk brownie for brownie hounds. Like me. And did not just mention not too many days ago that it's been a coupn's age since I had good brownies or good fudge. And I mentioned it. Like grandma used to make a little she didn't make it. But it sounds good. And this has got, no it's got like some chunks of dark not dark chocolate. But you see what I'm saying? I know chunks of chocolate and also the black of the white from here. Oh like white to what you call it. Chocolate chips in it. Are you a little facely how did she and this is not good either because it's not good for reading your bedtime stories when you're eating on the ear. What? When you're at a diabetic coma. I'm not going to go into a diabetic freaking coma. Okay. You know, this is what really kills me about you with all the goddamn, I'm not even in the league. I'm fat. Okay. I'm not in the league with the fat people we got around here. Yeah, but who cares about them? God damn Josh Friedman and fat boy, Waddle and around with that walker. I would just I'd pay a heavy duty to see the pictures of him on that plane. Can you see on that trip to Vegas? I guess they left yesterday at the end of the night. Can you see the scene on that plane? And I don't know. And let me ask you that. Oh, I just had a vision right in the middle of my lunch. I think I'm cutting my lunch short. Just suppose because no one will pick he is. Just suppose he has nature calling. Oh, well, they're on that trip on the plane. No, you know how big those airport planes are. I mean, the airport, the, the, what am I saying? The plane, the restrooms are. I know how small they are. Yeah, teeny tiny with a little folding accordion door. How does a 500 pound guy with a big walker that's about six feet across? How does he get a boy guy? He went a crowbar that couldn't squeeze his fat ass in there. And if they ever did get him in there, they sure never get him out. It takes lots of butter. Oh, and I guess that I see and we've discussed before about how the stuff goes out of the plane. But I can just see the trail. I mean, if the FBI has ready to reason that to find ourselves department, you can just see the ongoing trail right across America from southeast to west, all the way to the, and in the desert. Oh, boy, talk about cow pies. Man. Can you envision it? I don't, I don't want to. I don't want to. And knowing him and having seen him all these years, including just the other day, I can, I bet you he could keep it going all the way out there. Three thousand miles. We had the supply. When and when it does drops him out. So enjoy that, Brody. Hound. I will. That's not going to deter me. I thought it was a, listen, I at least I don't have to see him. That might be a huge amount of deterred. Or Josh Friedman. I don't have to smell him. Why is he still here by the way, Josh Friedman? Contract contract. Contract. He's got a contract? Yes, he does. Get out of here. Josh Friedman's got a freaking contract for one. For food? Andrew Ashwood gave him like 100. Andrew Ashwood's all boy. Let me tell you some stories about Andrew Ashwood's act of the break. Eight minutes after 11. At 560 WQI. What is this a strange place, you know? I think instead of bedtime, there's nothing to tell some inside stories. Like about Andrew's ass and your woods. Why were George's ratings so weak this summer? We asked, I love George 79. He showed that look at that. It's moving in the first place. I'm seeing it so well last. I'm at so cabaretally 21.7% Love your little, disgusting body. He shows our boring 77. He showed blows 50. Mo is a brutal lead in 48. Too much ass talk 26. You know, I should also put on there not enough ass talk though. There you go. He's an anti-Semitic little spik 25. It was Miguel's fault. 18. Oh. You see too many spikts together, not good. He can't compete with Howard sperm 16. He can't compete with Howard or Rush 10. He mumbles 10. He can't compete with Rush full. See, kind of like moving into the first place there. Am I doing the right spot? I don't think so. No, why not do the right spot? One moment please. We'll get to it. It's under all the other cookies over here. Oh, oh. What? Nothing. I'm not going to eat those other cookies. All right. You can take those. Take them home. Even your kids giving your wife. Maybe that'll work. Hey, let's face it. You've been hearing about fast train for a long time. I wondered if it makes sense for you. Well, the facts are simple. If you had the dedication, fast train will provide you with an esoteric training to become a certified computer professional. According to Tom Magazine, the demand for computer professionals will continue to absolutely explode. The Robert student completes the training in just four short months attending school three nights a week. Once you've completed your certification, fast train will assist you and get you a brand new computer job. Fast train invites you to come in and visit their train career counselor in the term which track is ideal for you. Like maybe Hazel Park, Wolverine harness raceway? What about Levitton? Huh? Old Arabs, Woodbine? Call fast train one eight six six fast train. How about Hamburg, Buffalo Raceway? Call one eight six six fast train to set up an appointment with four convenient locations. You'll find them now in Miami and tempered pines for Lauderdale in the brand no one in high they can just digest it unenhabitable kindle. Don't forget there's a fast train nearby unemeterware you'll learn. Don't forget to ask the career counselor for list of students like yourself that are currently in dream jobs thanks to their training at fast train. Get out of your dead end job. What working for some puts? Call fast train toll free at one eight six six fast train. Josh Friedman has a contract one eight six six fast train or check them out of the web at fast train.com And that was what's his name? I was mad drudge here the other day. Oh my god. This is sports when you're vice-espoying. Do we have? There we go. We go give me a new motivation. Oh man. Go to Everjake of Bad. What are you talking about? Where we go? Where we go? There's a walking roadside. Can't get out of the bubble. There's a bridge. And the marches has producers. Do I didn't do it but I know that. Because their ears are oozing down. Joy never like it. And then back then they will they do. This is your court money. Shoulda ran like that. Then said when I'm on you again. But every watchman's got students get. Walk through hallway sideways. And these covers with your love. And I'm a sense he's not there. He's not getting in some young men. He's in the mall. We're not too sure what's going on there. Stay away from me. Josh, bring up. Have you ever thought you'd be funny but he's no stand. I ain't your own funny. Don't come there, babe. Josh, bring up. He's no big excuse. And if I'm not really funny and tell him why the pound. They get fed. That's so bad. He's got to explode. Let's go. There's stay close, not bad down his move. Just to hold in all that crazy old fool. Stay with for me. Josh, bring up. Josh, bring up. Josh, bring up. Josh, bring up. I care. Chris, come on, don't like me. I think he does. Don't come to me. Josh, bring it up! Come here, come here! Still like, he's going to, like, throw them to his head! Ooh! Yeah! There's a demon in the top of the call, he's in the top of the call. Okay, good. How could he still be here? Yeah, that's one of the great mysteries of all time. 11, 16 at 5, 16, WC, Y-N. That's the chocolate. I'm just gonna taste the oatmeal coat. All right. Don't you love oatmeal coat? I do. I said I'm just gonna taste it. So I can give Quizz another nice plug. Hmm. Huh? Nah, I mean, it's not like that double chocolate thing. No, what is? You know who doesn't like chocolate, I just found out? Who's that? Who's that? Carlos. Carlos. Carlos. Maybe that's why he's got such a pasty complexion. I never ever met anybody that did that to me. Maybe that's why he can't get laid. I thought it was because he was ugly. Uh, well, see now you're the kind of bastard that would say that. Then you're gonna say, because he's ugly and smells me. You know what's how I just reached in the way, spasket and pull the rest of the oatmeal raisin cookie? Oh, no, I don't want to throw it out. What do you know what it is? When you get the raisin. Yeah. And then you start chewing on it. And then the full taste of the cookies starts exploding in your mouth like a quartzquart. Oh, yeah, it all comes together in your mouth. Hello, George. Get out of here. You perverted old fart. Here's a facts from somebody who's not too fond of you, which is what we'd like. We like to mix it up a little bit. We don't like all that ass sucking on a show, you know? Ass eating, that's okay, but ass sucking. Place of capture the sniper's by the Lancashire Mr. Two Jamae Coons, two will want to be Muslim Maja McCones. Says Neil, the biggest problem George has in carrying the torch you past who is none of the above, but rather the fact that he can't read. Well, then you talk about that that you can't read. I can't read aloud. I'm bad at it. Why is that? I just stand. That's what it was thing. Probably because you mumble and fumble and bumble. But it says he reads no current events to the table, because it's so great. Well, when you stop and let me finish, please, and before you rip this poor baston and ask with the phony name on here. He brings no current events to the table, because his third great abilities are best suited to ass eating and stupid Schmidt like cartoon discussions. You really need to get somebody else to train to take your spot when you be gone. I can take an hour of his Bible class, even an hour of his is really paly talk, but after that, while a glass is not half empty, it's just empty. Says C-Benz Jones, C-Benz Ron. P.S. Evelyn Woods will be calling P.S.S. Maybe it's all of you above two. Well, there you go. One of your friends, one of your admirers is as you can't read. You bring nothing to the table, but eating ass. And the cards to the mid maybe disadvantage. See if it's time to go over the ass to the table, other than maybe my own, but I don't bring an ass to the table at lunchtime. Here's another facts that says, oh, should we take your call or two? They ought to be really good. WQAM. WQAM. Yes, sir. You are God. How you doing? Okay. Good. Well, my comment on the sniper is no comment, because when the media starts getting in a frenzy like that, I sort of bury my head. Good, good thinking. And I've got the ostrich-slice stance. Exactly. Because it's just ridiculous. There's nothing to learn there. And the only thing I wanted to talk about was an article, actually was mad in the USA today, a couple weeks ago, maybe a week ago. And it's an organization called Not in Our Name, or you familiar with that? Not in our name. Sounds vaguely familiar. Well, they're basically slained towards opposed the new policies of the Bush regime ever since the 10th or 11th, you know, with taking people here. Yeah, I think that's something I've seen. I think that's something I've seen. And you're ready? It's something in that. I thought you might be interested in checking it out. Okay. Not in our name.net. I've been on it. Okay, great. It's excellent. Thanks a lot. Take care of this. There was like a real call right there. Oh, ladies and gentlemen, 20 after 11, it's October 24th, 2002. Market down. There was a real call from a real person right there. Holy crap. See how we told you if you take like a thousand calls, you get to a couple of other, okay? And we've had a couple of ladies that call that were okay. And if we had a one guy before, there was looking me a little bit too hard. I got tongueburn. But this guy actually had something to say. Well, that is shocking. This faxed it. Puller, please believe, uh, slappers have been captured. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. How long can that be breaking news? You maniacs, it's certainly not news network. You wonder why people are watching that right when faxed, because at least they're entertaining in their own fascistic way. They don't want to watch you bastards because you're certainly not news. You're just exploiting every human tragedy in misery and desperation. How much have I turned on fax right now? They'd be talking about cartoons or something. What's fax? 63? 63? I don't think so. Oh, no, it's Ricky Tuggy's Ancheon. He's a source of this source. And I asked him if, uh, if, uh, How come he's wearing a priest collar today? Back at me and said things look very good. He was also able to tell me that indeed, uh, the uh, confirmation of that rifle that you were just talking about, the T. Williams had reported his true that the rifle had been found. And when I asked him specifically what they needed to be able to, uh, come out and tell, uh, this community, that indeed they had the two people who they thought were responsible for these, uh, sniper attacks, he said they just need to make that forensics match. So with more on that, let's bring in Clint Madzant. Somebody who knows an awful lot about this. Phil R. viewers in Clint, if you would, on what officials are saying or what they mean when they say that. And why it's so dog-gotten important. I already have a homosexual relationship with Neil. So I might as well have one with you too. Thanks a lot, Rick. Like I said, at N63, that's MSNBC. Well, though, that you just to be watching, you know, the fact that you and I are both watching that, like, doubles the rating. Kind of like the, uh, other sports stations so called, hey, by the way, Jim Sarny, have somebody read the book to you, Jim. Have a little time, E. Jicka, sit on your lap and we need the book. Ensure that the Fox sports, whatever they change the callators to. And that's sad. They've been changed the callators. Yeah. Yeah. That only took that great frequency. 940 with 50,000 watts smack in the middle of your AM dial. But they change to WRFX Fox. It should have been RSX. Sox is what it should be. This is what we need is another sports station in this town. Hey, I hope the Cains go out there. I don't want my team to just go out there and like, you know, push you foot around. I want to go out there really kicks a bass. That corner to Joey yesterday. I wanted to vomit. I was cleaning up dog crap, by the way, at the time when I heard it. And I wanted to make my own pile right next to it. Fox, you're looking at storm that's my Wednesday night. Moscow time as we say as an audience. Covering out, blocking. Popular. It's a little hard to deliver him with that. A couple of Americans might be among those hostages being held. And again, the attention rebels demand they would like to see an end to the war with Russia. They have said they've indicated once again that they are willing to die for that. And that if Russia did not begin withdrawing, it's true. So we blow up the theater and in fact a little bit earlier this morning, there have been some reports of explosions at that theater. We'll continue to keep you posted on this developing international story. Thank you. Like I said, or anything like Fox News Network. Now seriously, at least they got something different on every side that same crap. Although they're back to it now. Well, they're back to it now. Yeah, but at least they got that on here. What do we see just more in the background? Yeah, I've been. Just a little bit on the crawler there. What? Nothing. Nothing. You can't eat with an oatmeal cookie in your mouth. That's why I'm swallowing it. Anyway, this fact, oh look at that, I'm mongon, a fact. Says now that the effects authorities have possibly put into the VC SNAP or murder episode, let's not lose it side of the fact that nationwide, 89 Americans die every day due to rifles guns and handguns. That's 623. You see, I understand all of this. But whoever wrote me this, I hate to break the news to you. It's too late. A Carol King said, way too late. Not only is the horse out of the barn, but when you got 200 million guns, on the loose out there. Whatever your self respecting America is got a whole bunch of guns. What even the Darkies of Got Guns like in this case in the DC area? Then there's no hope. This country is crazy people with guns and crazy people politicians who love guns and embrace guns and embrace the people who love guns. And that's what it's all about. PS4 gets the Larry Koker Babelheads, one of the new Rogers Babelheads, that's going on. Now, Boca Brian was talking about that to you, but see, we got a lot of people around here talking big game. You know, they talk a real good game. Do you only problem with that is that nobody around here wants to do the work to involve to do any of these things or spend the money or spend the money? Well, even when I put up the money, like for the RCD area, which we're not doing on this year, you want to put up the front money to get it going. They still don't want to do it because we got a lot of people around here and Lolly gag around, dick around. Don't want to do the work required. And so as a result, you know, I'm just kind of left to my own resources here. So if you're worried about New York Rogers Babelheads at Helldyle, forget about it. That's all I can tell you. Ain't gonna happen. We have no promotional. Well, you have to tell you what we need around here. Another train monkey. That's what we need. We just can't find one. WQAM. Hang on. Where you from? Oh, okay. Here's the call from Bokeh. Hello. Hey, you know how you doing? Pretty good. Hey, I'm waiting for my abocal Brian CDs. I think they're going to be outrageous. They are outrageous. I think I think the more you hear in the more you've been liking. Oh, correct. I ordered five from uh, from Bocal Brian. Great. Um, but just think if if Mo didn't fight you, we would never have all these bits. Right. They don't understand if you were just with a went along. No, but there's something you don't understand. We could be having a good time with it. If he understood it, he could be enjoying it too. See, as opposed to being uptight and psychotic and having to respect that. We could be going, if I don't want to say if he would go with the flow, old Mo. Yeah, but you don't. Great. Old Mo ain't going with a home-move flow. It's what he's saying. Yeah, I love you, Neil. Thanks. He's got a good point. I have an I said that we could be having a blast here instead of this hostility. And you realize that from seven o'clock in the morning till that show ends, he won't come out of there. No, I did not realize. But because you know, I come in here in the morning and I'm here. I've drank all of taking all my vitamins and drink whole bunch of water. And so I go and take a couple of leeks as opposed to you. That goes on. Takes a couple of crafts in there. Oh, I got to get it out. Oh, I take care of that at home. I don't like taking a crap at work. I mean, I thought I haven't done a bite. I don't want to go into all crap or work, man. I'm going to pay for sealed it. Back, boys, we're in there. I want to make sure that seed is her medically sealed. No one had fat boy and Josh Friedham and I know for a fact that fat boy only uses the handy crap. And then when I started to find some of the most toe-cheese hanging around the T-room in there, then I said to myself, I'm not coming in here too often. But at any rate, he would have gone to the other because he might actually action. He might interact with me in the hallway. Bump into you? Yeah. Like that they he nearly knocked you down. Yeah. See, that's not the kind of person you want to be. Working with. I thought I was going to get a forearm to the chest. And I do want to make it clear that virtually, I don't want to say completely. But virtually, everybody in this building, the test team like point their on-e-o. Okay. They're on-e-o. They are on to you. The people out of the stadium, rendezvous, the dolphin organization. They're all on to you. You're not fooling anybody with your arrogance and your imperious attitude and being a pompous ass, which won the poliest of the day by the way, pompous ass. That to me is the definitive voli. That's it. Pompous ass. Forget about the content of the show, forget about the play by playwork, forget about anything else. I'm talking about a very, very gut level, a pompous ass. Do you know what I'm saying? I'm like saying. He's stupid. 28 past 11 at 5, 60 WQM. Hey, and also forget about the hairpiece. Woo! There's that thing smell bad. Do you want to go around looking like that? Be my guest. If you want to look great, younger and better than you have at a coonzege. Pick up the phone and call my good close personal buddy, Charles Alfieri, who's been helping the famous and the infamous look their best for over 25 years. And even like I said, Bob Eisenberg is looking damn near human. Thanks to the fact that Charlie took away that dead red muskret and gave like a great hit hit here. He looks so hell of a lot better. And you can too. Take away that bald spot, get some hair, the natural hair line system. Look like it's going out of your scalp, which is the key. And if you call Charles Alfieri, I mentioned the arrages. He'll not tune a buck soft in regular price. 1-800-3-2-124. What is it? 1-800-3-2-124-13. Slow down just relax. You got a long way to go. 1-800-3-2-124-13. And don't forget Charlie also services and repairs. All kinds of her systems while you wait for only 25 to 30 bucks. If he sees like a dead muskret on your head, he might actually kill it for you. 1-800-3-2-124-13. Or log on to his infamous worldwide website at Charles Alfieri.com. Why? And look over here, sports video 5-60-2-A-M. With the sewer of this place. And do you love Canolisa? She'll run away. With your fucking yellow teeth so far apart. And do you love Canolisa? What you'd be doing? If you've managed to collect it, tokens, what's the store? If you stay, because you are at home, Brooklyn, please go in. If you can black-day and jump na-me, who is smart, does they like? Are you sure they're shoes from the leaves of? Oh, the way you wash in, off the water's cause. No, due to Junior, say he trust you, can't believe you. Who's there now, allies of the greedy or the war? But then he make you clean all the white house bathroom. The purpose is to cut toilet and then scrub the floor. They dare you go with sandals, god don't even go. Your coinship don't help make them warm, rich and cute. Your name is Nega, you slide it, people throw. If you'll be what you feel, that's open spoon. When they while you be fit in fast-paced, they realize. That's the dream you just like your ester-roll. That's when your head will move from such a distance from the leaves. Oh, you're smart, you're too foolish and familiar. They be crack or asshole. 135-6, you don't forget to go near Rogers.com and pick up restitution and mobits via the one book of Brian. But that's not on there, by the way, kind of leave that that'll be on the next one. Mark, it was too brand new. But it's well worth it at the 10 times the price, those are moving like hotcakes, by the way. On our poleday on eer Rogers.com, why are you in there buying book of Brian CDs? You can also cast your vote. Why were George's ratings so weak, so dismal, so bitterly disappointing this summer? I love George 87, 21.4% is in first place, unlike the meager 4.5% that Mo God, but we asked the same question about his horrible ratings yesterday. Four times a year. Other train monkeys like me, so what do you know? Oh, I see. Yeah, man. His shows are boring 84. Mo was a brutal lead in 57. His show blows 56. He's an anti-semitic little spik-30. Too much as talk 27. It was Miguel's fault 21. Oh, that's gone Miguel. He can't compete with Howard's sperm 18. He can't compete with Howard or Rush 11. He mumbles 11. He can't compete with Rush only 4. How do you like that? So you match up with Rush, I'll guess you're hearing's probably a little bit better. What? Speaking of that, what a great lead in Condolesea, Rice, and the president of Lost Airway. What a tremendous lead, a nice job, Neil. Thank you. By Alan Gilbert, on theacondreams.org website, which is a real good one. 25 years ago when I started a teacher at the University of Denver, he writes, Condolesea Rice took five seminars with me including just an unjust wars. Joseph Corble, Madeline Albright's father and I also supervised her year-long independent project on music and politics in the Soviet Union. Rice was a thoughtful and bold student who my thought was a privilege to teach. As National Security Advisor today, Condolesea Rice has spoken forcefully for discarding automotive code word doctrines, he defended President Bush's scrapping of the anti-Bolic missile treaty on the grounds that Rush is no longer the enemy of the US, abandoning that treaty occasions no direct harm to either Russians or Americans. President Bush's new first-track doctrine similarly attempts to abandon an older approach, but here the National Security Advisor and the President have lost their way. The main crime of war is aggression. It's initiating a deliberate armed attack against another state, putting its people to the sword. Over more than 2,000 years, diverse cultures ancient Greek Christian Jewish Islamic have rightly named aggression as the central crime of war. Article 51 of the UN charter enshrined self-defense against aggression in international law. In New York Times, September 22, Professor Bruce Ackerman noted that through assigning the founding documents of the UN, the United States is also legally outlawed aggression into the highest law of the land. But to bar aggression, mass murder by the state is no more controversial than the prohibit murder. Professor Ackerman spoke of Bush's errors, only one of legal unilateralism of violation of two generations of international law to which the US is a signature. More deeply, however, the central moral judgment made historically by every culture about the horrors of war underlies these treaties. Secretary of State Powell has defended a supposed American right to take out son of Hussein as part of a presidential repertoire of tools a preemptive war. But the idea of a preemptive war is to head off the immediate threat of armed aggression, no showing of immediacy or for that matter significant new evidence has been accused by the Bush administration or British Prime Minister Blair. If President Hussein threatened to nuke the attack until a V-Next week, if he had provided Al Qaeda with nuclear or chemical weapons to be involved in a likely attack on LA this November, the Bush administration would still have to show that wiping out back dead, taking several hundred thousand innocent lives would be an effective measure of prevention. For that vast taking of life would be a crime equivalent to the horrors supposedly seeks to prevent. Nonetheless, with significant evidence and serious argument, a preemptive strike despite its horrors could potentially be justified as self-defense. Now, son of Hussein is a brutal dictator, he is used chemical and biological weapons applied to him by the US and with US officials turning a blind eye in attacking Iran in the Kurds. But for more than a decade defeated Iraq has been subjected to famine and impoverished meant through UN boycott and approaching a weapon through UN inspections. Neither evidence nor plausible argument exists at Hussein is an immediate danger to the US. Under the 1st President Bush, he was created an international coalition to reverse Iraq's aggression against Kuwait, but to 2nd President Bush proposes international coalition or not to wage aggression against Iraq. Further, the Bush doctrine announces this aggression as a prelude to the potentially unending string of future aggressions. Bush policies already licensed the Russian oppressive chechnya, which the US government used to condemn. It might justify Indian invasion of Pakistan or the opposite. It destroys the most significant moral as well as legal law. This past weekend in London several hundred thousand people demonstrate against the Bush war in Iraq in Italy fifty thousand and Washington twenty thousand in Denver three thousand, but even internationally many people have not yet found the right name for their unease at the war. When they realize that aggression and not unilateralism is that name, this movement will become much more massive. Yet there's still time for the Bush administration water its relentless plans for bulgerance to renew serious weapons inspections in Iraq to proceed with a decent respect for international law and the opinion of humankind. As the overwhelming military power in the world of Bush administration proposes a doctrine of unending aggression against sovereign states and arrogant military superiority, this policy will make any of us feel more secure getting on an airplane or walking your public building. Worst yet will have on our hands the blood of a large number of innocence. Alan Gilbert is a democratic theorist and author most recently of musk global politics constrained democracy. He's got Evans professor of international studies at the University of Denver. How do you like that? And he wrote that piece saying condolisa and the president have lost their way. Get him a compass in a road map. God damn it. They know exactly what they're doing. He said it's in the bag, dad. Twenty-two noon at five sixty we got the mad dog at one. Josie and Donnie. I was saying Donnie B. Well that was a plony B. Jr. Huh? That's his name, Donnie B. Jr. Are going to be on from three to six thirty with Bino. Oh, Joseph Gacky and Bino. I'm leaving. I'm out. Wow. Joseph Gacky. You know that from what we played I one way. Yeah. I'm doing it. This is not Bailey Jr. I'm Joseph Gacky. Wow. Man can't complain about his personality. He ain't got one. Sick goes panther and previews six thirty seven o'clock the panthers at the alitors. Wow. On a pond after that thrashing of the pathetic make believes last night in Toronto. Well I've had city they must be crap in their pants. They must be having voodoo dolls of billwaters and Ken Dryden and Pat Quinn. They must be going up and down Yonge Street screaming for blood in Toronto. Any K after the hockey game, Joe and Mark overnight with more Ashtalk. That's why they had that bad number man too much ass. Everybody likes a little ass but too much ass. That's some of them. Oh, starts to stick to Joe and I like their numbers. Are they aware did you speak to Joe? No, that's since we found out. Hmm. He pro and remember he was a weight every time I tried to remember he was in here. The other day very nice to him about that Tuesday. He was very laid back. He must have a premonition that the numbers were in the suck. He must have like one of them. Like they're always having on passions like charities always have in these premonitions of evil things going to happen. I think the evil spirits got to their show. Because man you couldn't find their audience with the same compass and road map were learning to condolize it. Sorry Joe they got dives on it. Hey you want to find a great Chinese buffet. Look no further than the Emerald Coast boy is this a great place. If you're frustrated, if you're desperate, if you're tired of all the crap in his town, just go over there and pick out. Just get a truffle of food. They have three locations for you. They're in sunrise, North by me, beats in the new location in Pemberp five. Just like me with that cookie, those cookies I just take. I feel great. You believe me? No. Now my blood sugar started to go up. It was damn good though. Thank you again to Quizno's man. Good lunch. Right? Excellent. 10 maudons have a little bit in there. Muff is having 20 or 30 sandwiches. Put a platter of the kitchen. There's a platter of the kitchen, by the way. For the staff. There's a platter of the kitchen. There's some great quizno staff all you a stiff stuff. People start your mouth watering experience at the Emerald Coast with six different mouth watering soups. Sampled dozens of succulent entree. Not just Oriental stuff, but all kinds of other goodies too. Oriental surf and turf on a weekend. But the last game King crab New York strip steak made two order. Believe it or not, the gourmet center that sizzling Asian grill featuring teriyaki steak, shrimp, chicken, seafood, even hand-carb primer that melts in your mouth. The Amalcospa faith promotes healthy living, toking all of their fine cuisine with cholesterol free oils. No MSG. No cramp. There's a faith features a full salad bar, a new sushi bar, and fresh shrimp cocktail. One requirement, take a long crowbar, mix and rule when your pants were dessert, because they got a dessert bar that's outstanding. Featuring pies, cakes, paste grease, ice cream and all your favorite toppings. Even watermelon baby, don't forget to spit out the seeds. Emerald Coast, there's sunrise at Pine Island, or 44th, Collins Avenue, just north of 162 North Miami Beach, and at the intersection of Flamingo and Pembroke Road in Pembroke Pines. They accept reservations, take out an delivery available as well, call 9-5-4-5-7-2-38-22. That's 9-5-4-5-7-2-38-22 for more info on the Emerald Coast and look for their new Oriental chicken salad too. weigh your sweat, am I? how Agh! China's Britain's Don't give him no shit! Pick the pulse like me, he's got a great deal free food in a present set of wheels. If you got a pulse too give him a call, just remember that he won't take your crap. He's Jordan, George, 14, 5, Readers, Queen, that she can't be. You won't find no cheese! Don't give him no! You ain't what you want. George, George, 14, Readers, Chris Dickson of a man. I'll come with him at 5, 60s, I would be sure. I was just thinking, you know, I'm amazed at what a great guy can sometimes be. Because even after he tried to get you fired, I'm up in Toronto. All that hysteria that went on, might have to be desperately on the phone with Moth, but this one and that one and normed Kent and back and forth. Even after that whole episode, I came back to town. Yeah, on June 3rd on his birthday. And he set the beast in here as his messenger. Remember the beast? Right. Oh, you know, Howard wouldn't invite you to come and wish him a happy birthday. Talk about a self-serving old fart, man. And fights me to come and wish him a happy birthday. And then I walk in and he sits there with his head down in his papers like, He's going to do me a favor to look up. I extend the hand of friendship. I wish him a happy birthday. Because I got to work with the old farty, you know? So I made an effort. And then he invites me to sit on the air with them. You remember that morning? I thought it was kind of amusing and had a little fun with him. And right away, he took off. I don't know what it was. Took his session or whatever that was all about. Because I was having some fun with him. Right. Oh, you're not allowed to. I see. Because I didn't genuflect and kisses God damn hairpiece. So he came and we offended by that. I recall he came in here while we were getting ready to do the show during one of their breaks. And he said to me with a straight face. I had heard from one of the lower levels that there. Yeah. Oh, lower. Yeah. Not by names because there can't be any names because everything has to be Coke and Dagger with people like him. I heard from one of the lower level people that you wanted to have a truce. I said a truce about what? And other than how he had a truce if you're not fighting a war. He's fighting a one-sided war against the whole world of sky. I'm not fighting any war. I said, I said, I said to me, great to do it on our own. It was some lower level person. And there's no way it could be a lower level person. He was referring to was the call from Greg and the station attorney to our attorney. Norman Elliott Kent. Bighing me to lay off because he couldn't handle it and his wife couldn't handle it. Remember those days? Oh, that's nice to hide behind your wife. Yeah. And so I laid off for a couple of days and I come back down here and even try to like, yeah, make the best of it. If a bad situation, they still couldn't do it. And then when he looked me straight to the eye when I went and says, uh, when George, you know why you still hear I said, why is that Howard? Shoulda said, mo. And he had, and by the way, it drives him up the wall and people call him mo. It drives him. Just like when the guy called in yesterday morning, you called Goldie, Goldie, Goldie. What did you call him? Another one on Trent, monkeys. It's Goldie. See, they want to think he don't have like zero rows used to call him Gold. You know, that day used to say me, hey, Gold, you know, the sports, the hand on the ass, the towel snapping, a locker room kind of stuff. Hey, Gold, you know, but at any rate, even I've got him upset. But when he looked me in the eye and said, because I did the right thing, I backed off. And right there, that was the smoking gun. That's all I needed. That was like coming right out and saying, hey, guess what? I was really, really did try to get George fired. In spite of all the niles, my people who want to be in the rubber rooms for a couple of months. That's right. So you're not fooling anybody, mo. Okay, everybody here's on to you. And even spite of that, we still hope you're throwing up right near everyone's in a while. So maybe we can make a few bucks off your pathetic show. Mo. Well, we beat up on him yesterday. Did they were letting you beat up on George? Beat up on me all the time. So that's nothing new. No, we want the calls. We think this stuff, you know, I take a minute. Don't, don't ever accuse me of not doing that. And then, of course, I do whatever I want anyway. 442 votes. It's not even noon yet. We're going over 500 during the show. Put that mode of shame. You got 950 votes yesterday. I think you go over 1000. Why were George's ratings so dismal to summer so weak, so lame, so disappointing. Marginals. First of that 9 o'clock hour. Boo. I love George 95. 21.4% is leading. He shows our boring 92. He shows blow or he show blows. He show me blowing 65. Mo is a brutally than 61. He's an anti-Semitic little spik 31. Too much ass talk 28. It was Miguel's fault. 23. Miguel's going pretty good on here. He can't compete with Howard's sperm 19. He can't compete with Howard or Rush 12. He mumbles alone. Loom. And he can't compete with Rush 5. Now, here's the facts. Now, watch your look at the handwriting. Oh, yeah. Chronic. Chronic. This is the most chronic factor in the history of the human race. Usually complimentary toward me anyway, but that holds no water. You know what I'm saying? In fact, this is, I think the one I got all upset last time. It did the one hit one thing. Remember? Oh yeah. When I was here. This is terminal. Logged away. Like he's going to direct the whole goddamn show. That's what I love about so many of the people out there in the audience. They're the program director. They're the orchestrator. They're pulling all the strings. You know, just, just, you know, stepping a goose along to whatever I tell you. No thanks. Anyway, he said, and look at the long list. This'll take us up till midnight. Neowye George really sucks. A true list there's honest opinion. A chronic facts there's honest opinion. Chronic. Talk about having too much time on your hand to write a, a missive like this. Even the goddamn sniper didn't leave a message this long. One. Most consider George a cabana boy type a slightly chunky fact dude. Whaaaat? Slightly chunky fag dude. He's not fag. He's not chunky. He's not the cabana boy. Or any of these things. For cabana boy? Who? Maybe her vanaboy, not cabana boy. I think that's what he's getting at. Two. George's voice is good for talking up elevator music. Three. I see this is just, this is just crap. This is pathetic. Just a few thoughts, George. Make us a sandwich. Oh. Very weak. Don't ever fags me again. Okay, because you're writing a so-teltail. If we go right in the old trash can, I mean, you ripped George or you want, but do a good job with it. This stuff ain't even funny. It's not even like Louis Nye. It's not even up to that standard. 560560 pound-560 on eat. Oh, what's this? Oh, that says, dear Mr. Rogers. I believe you're mistaken about the reason for the failure of the QM morning drive show. How did I miss this? Oh, this is another chronic fagser. It is not how our David that's bringing the show to a grinding halt by 606A every day. His professionalism is unquestionable. This business about professionalism boring. See, somebody can be very professional and would be boring at the same time. Do you know what I'm saying? When there's Centaurian, the delivery can be very boring. But anyway, it goes on to say his voice rings true with every point he's successfully makes. Mr. David's character is without a doubt beyond a modicum of criticism. His character is this somebody that knows him now. This is one of our chronic fagzers. I think it's him. The real reason for the show is demise is that truly little sidekick of his TV, when will his nads drop Goldstein? I cringe every time he pips up to say something, especially if it goes against towers always correct opinion. Mrs. Goldstein is the one that needs to be replaced immediately without sooner. Since you're the an anonymous here, this is just trying to be cute. Oh yeah, and on the, see, I didn't look on the bottom. It is cute. Because on the bottom, it's written from the desk of H. David. Thank you, sir. I knew it had to be going somewhere because it's from one of our good fagzers. Did you see the graphics on the thing I know about? You see, you know, very fancy fancy. Excellent job. You're forgiven. Oh, you know, the one guy that called earlier, he had a run on the head. I mean, even the listeners can see it. If he, if he just was having fun, this would be fantastic. Like the one day, you remember the first day when Greg brought him in here. I was back from Toronto for one of my very short, but still too long visits. And he brought him in here. And at that point, we had been making fun about the plaid pants in a bad way. I mentioned all of these things. And I made, I embellished him a little bit. Anyway, Greg brings him many producers, I mean, he stands right there in front of that microphone. And Bokeh, Brian, had just done a new bit about him. And I fired it up. And he's still that he laughed. So hard, I thought his piece was going to fly off. I mean, and Greg was laughing in charge. Oh, like we just, uh, all made up and kissed, you know. Remember that? Of course. See, that's how it could be. But don't, you dare call me that fight that name. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. So make sure that we guys help help with the important and collective meditation. Alright. Let's begin. Hey! Oh. Relax. It won't hurt. Guys don't stop fighting when we miss it. What, a Divine Identity? Yeah. Let someone go. Yep. Here's Dun-Mah! Whoa. Jump. I think I just have a chip being good talk. This is the best. I said shut up, fatso! But you're like a father of me. You don't talk to Lam, don't talk to him. Well, not done talking. Then you talk. Okay, I'll be coming. Come here. Come here. I want you to know me the friend of mine. Mr. Guff Club. Why are you, I heard? I feel like I'm showing the business interesting coming. This court sentences you to 20 years in ours. What you will vote. I adore the tag of my mattress. Looks like we'll be your bookmates. The names of our daymen. Starrestage, screen and terror tags. What's your legal me, Kofe? You've got so panless. Thank you. Hey, you know, but you're so powder-dryer, right? I'm gonna make you my wife. Hey, nobody's gonna stop! God! God! God! I'm gonna pick you up! All right, shower time. We've got 10 minutes. What else do you think he's saying? No, both of us. No man. We'll load our new in the blaze. It's so pretty. Okay. Hold the power, steal like that. You know who I am? No can't defend, don't take it up now. I'll be a blood man. All right, but I expect a pretty new apology on my custom spot. I threw man up both of us. I'll take this one. The one will see you now. Thank you. Well, Mr. David. I'm a woman. Jack, Jack ordered. How can it help you? Maybe you see more than Jack? I keep getting raped. The bit. So, he's a vanishing. John, look into it right away. Thanks a lot. Some time. Some time. But it's out drop your path. I said drop your path. This is ours. Oh, favors don't come to you. Oh, no, no. Let's rate more. Three, the old big John. That's now. We've asked the time away. In the game, jail, all. From 0 3 at 5, 60 WCM, the man dog will be back from me. She came today after a well deserved them. They obvious today. It's always well deserved and it's very often. I'm going. Bushmaster 2223 rifle was found behind the offensive of that car. By the way, the suspect's vehicle, which they just told away. You see it? The vehicle? That beat up beat up old Chevy Caprice vehicle? Bushmaster 223 rifle. Did you think there's something symbolic that it was a bushmaster? How do you like that? Maybe the bushmaster knows about that bushmaster, but anyway. Here's a disgusting story. Somebody just faxed in. Another one of our bedtime stories. Burger their vandalizes during what you am. You'll love this. Upon returning to his room at 5 30 AM Sunday at the Hectorms, is this from the, uh, from the Harold. At the Hectorms on the U of M Campus, student Brian Angst, smell the foul odor. I guess it gave Brian Angst some angst when he smelled it. Smelt it. He looked around and noticed that someone had entered the room and defecated and urinated in his bed in the room and in the hallway. Ah, those college kids, what about your kidders? His roommate Jeff Grant was sleeping while the incident took place. Angst was unable to tell if anything had been stolen. His roommate was sleeping while the incident took place. Somebody came in and took a crack and peed on his bed. His roommate was sleeping. Right. I guess they're going to probably have to test the stool to find out that you do a DNA test. And if it turns out to be your stool, I think you kicked out of school. Huh? Isn't that the deal? I mean, we know this is bogus to begin with because there is no university of Miami. There are no dorms. There are no students. There are no classes. There are no textbooks. There's only a bunch of ball clubs. Mainly the football team. And I want my team to go out there and really kick some ass on Saturday. I don't want some maybe panacarr. That guy yesterday, man. He's so typical. You sports nerds. You guys. I think I'm hung like a butterfly. These guys must be hung like a mosquito. Talk about lack of any kind of self worth or respect or anything. They're whole value in life. And by the way, now that the day I was really remiss on Monday and I'm mentioning this. Remember how blessed we were last week to be in South Florida? Plus. I guess after the dolphin, Shalakking and then embarrassing performance by Raidol Kami, Homi Lucas on Sunday. I guess we're not quite as blessed as we were the week before. Especially since the Hurricanes had a bi-week Didn't play no games against no girl school. So there were no victories last weekend. I guess we're not as blessed as we used to be. Curst. It's a pity. Yeah, we're cursed aren't we? We're cursed down here. I talked to people all over the country. When they said we're cursed down here in a case that said, You know, you got a point. I think you're on a something. The imminent death of American democracy Starting in Missouri writes Harvey Wasserman. Who's Harvey Wasserman? Some guy who writes uncommon dreams.org. Well, I'm looking on the bottom of the sea if it says who he is, which he usually says, I don't see it. At any rate, he's got a good point. In fact, maybe there's another page to this. Do you think I threw it out? Maybe on the next page on the bottom of what say who he is, went and out. Oh, look at this. I had a lot of facts about it. Where here's one says rest in peace, happy, poor lady. We're all very upset about that. She was wonderful. Everybody loved her and we're upset. But one of those things that seems to be going around these days, you know, part of life. People die and it happens. Anyway, 200 years of American democracy could definitively end November 5 starting in Missouri. No matter what happens in the overall election, the race for the US Senate seat from Missouri, well, the German who controls the Congress on November 6 should have come a Democrat Jean Carnaha in Luz, the Republicans immediately take control of the US Senate. They could then use a lame duck session to destroy the last vestiges of the American system of checks and balances. Their confident this will happen and are spending millions of dollars to make sure it does. The upper chamber is now divided between 50 Democrats, 49 Republicans and 1 brave independent. Elected as a Republican, Vermont's Jim Jefferson's chosen dependence in face of the Bush Blitzcree. His profile encourages stamped on the last chicken balance in American government. Where the ruthless hard-right cabal in charge of the executive branch, the Republicans have moved to complete their definitive conquest of the judiciary or in the media. The US court system is now thoroughly dominated by conservative Republicans. Their Supreme Court installed Bush in the White House after this viewed a 2000 election, which was lost by more than a half a million votes nationwide. Another horde of prospective right wing judges is now poised to finish transforming the judiciary from the civil liberties safety net it was just a few decades ago to a hollow rubber stamp for executive privilege. The National Media is a mirror image dominated by six major corporations. They made your print TV in radio while let's convey a ceaseless barrage of right wing of bio what's that? Obloviators. The prints not to the right wing Blovators I love that. What minor balance remains comes to the internet and the few isolated talk radio shows. Like good old. That's right. There have been many times in the US history, especially during the Civil War in World War One and two when executive powers been close to absolute. In each case the public understood the problem and the contemporary and so it was. But today's GOP is declared as permanent its anti-terrorist assault on individual freedoms the US pay for it act has extinguished a bill of rights and gave American democracy that would that gave the American democracy its birth. The administration holds sake with only the second man, which guarantees the right of the sniper who's been terrorizing nation's capital to bear arms. Bush's commitment to other traditional American liberties is expressed by mass anti-terror imprisonments in Cuba and elsewhere without identifying the victims charging them or along the legal counsel. The administration's relentless attack on traditional American freedoms has been somewhat slowed by the Democrats' raise-with-in-scent majority. They've controlled the committees the majority leadership and thus the Senate's basic agenda. But that could end on election day. If Karnahan loses to Republican former representative James M. Talent, Talent will immediately take her seat. On November 6th the Senate would be compromised, a comprised rather of 50 Republicans in 49 Democrats plus Jeffords, the Thai-brain vote a breaking vote of course would be owned by Vice President Dick Cheney. Republican activists can barely contain themselves. Ironically, the seat was contested in 2000 by John Ascroft, the current Hardwright Attorney General, Ascroft left the lost-a-melkarnahan that Democratic ex-COVID who died in a plane crash shortly before the election, Jean-Carnahan was then appointed to fill the seat on an interim basis. Shudshi lose November 5th, the Republicans will immediately call a lame duck session. The push for right-wing judiciary appointments would proceed, so would new tax cuts for the very rich and severe restrictions on liability lawsuits by victims of corporate negligence. Also on the document might be an energy bill including major subsidies for nuclear power and fossil fuels, drilling in the Alaska National Wildlife Refuge, and other anti-planetary assaults. The lame duck agenda would technically be subject to fill a bus to in today's Senate to take 60 votes to get closure and pass any legislation. But if the Republicans could use their regain committee control, they could force stall right-wing appointments out of the floor of the Senate. Fellow Buster and could block their final approval in the lame duck session, but holding them back in the future would not be easy. And with control of the both houses of Congress, even for a relatively brief lame duck session, the Republicans will hold absolute power over the American government. Already the Republican rapidly feeble national gift-har leadership is virtually complete. The Democrats on willingness to support Senator Robert Burd's fellow Buster against Bush's Iraqi war powers sealed that victory as did the Democratic failure to investigate Bush Cheney Stock Abuses at Harkin in Haliburton. Bush's ruthless mastery of the Iraqi war card shut the collapse of the American economy out of a 2000-to-election debate, protecting the GOP from the usual midterm gains of the opposition party. This year the dynamic Democrats will be lucky to hold their own. Whether Bush actually attacks the rack remains to be seen at the very least, he's self-reignited global anti-war movement. But the Democrats have already handed him a blank check to make one whoever he wants to abroad and against the Constitution at home. If Gene Karnahan loses in Missouri November 5, the last vetted to American democracy will be gone and a tear forms in your eye in the corner of your eye. And you start singing, oh Canada, something like that. Each being on Canadian. It's 11 after a noon, a 560 WQ, I mean, I really didn't want to get out of bed this morning because I knew I had to come here. Well, also because I had a really super night sleep on my bed last night from Dilem Actors, that's why I get my mattresses. If you woke up this morning feeling cranky nasty, maybe he heard some emotional abuse, maybe like you didn't sleep at all, then do what I always do call 1-800 mattress. That's the number four Dilem Actors. Tell a judge, when you call 1-800 mattress, you'll be guaranteed a great night sleep. Dilem Actors carries the top brains, brains, and we're like C-Lay, service, and King Qua, I'll tell you, I'm not eating on here anymore, okay? That's another reason why the show so good and Toronto, I don't eat on the air. And I lose weight. Thanks again to Quisno's, but don't do it again. That means the mattress you want is instocableable for immediate library of Dilem Actors. Recently, they set up to love the Miguel with the new bed he's loving it. And by the way, while they were there, they set up a secret camera in the corner Miguel, and they said me the pictures. Oh, he didn't know that. The folks at Dilem Actors did what they said they would know BS, no excuses, no bait and swish just comfortable relaxing night sleep from a gal, and his personal friends, every night, all of them. When the crew from Dilem Actors got to Miguel's house, they took away the crappy old bedding, set up the great new mattress, so don't be tempted by stores going out of business who can't deliver because now through the end of the month, Dilem Actors offers you free delivery. You can get free dialometres delivery in just two hours, or in any given to our window you provide depending on where you live. 11 to 1 noon to 2 1 to 3 2 to 4, 3 30 to 5 30, etc. And don't forget now for limited time like I said delivery is free. So sleep like a baby like me and Miguel do, unfortunately, very far apart, call one least couple of feet, call 1 800 mattress right now, 1 800 MATTRES for Dilem Actors, brand name beds for busy hot people. 5 at the local, they say it's 560, 3 years old, your time. You ain't. You go back to Canada, you too bastards. 10 to 1, our home and me, the grand, our life falls and sleep, will knock you on your head. Call the workouts on me. Call two, . Now pick the bad days of Quistes nithin inclusive, from 17 at 560, it's OSM Happy to happy about that. Why would not be happy about that? Because you were rather than he would have had a decent book, but you would have had the bigger number in there. I love how to big number, but I love the bad dog. I want him to have tens. Don't start to say it on the air. We didn't see off the air. So he was a real backstabler. I'm just kidding about that. Did you just relax? Just relax. We all love to make the big bag. Big dog. To make bag. But it's just that if you would have had like maybe a point lower and you would have had those two points in there, or would like maybe goose this up to the top there. Instead of you losing our bonus for the second year in the row. God, I'm sorry. Man, I don't think I'm going to be able to scrape it up my together. Get out of town. Mad dog, one to three. Joe is Z and Dini B. A. Junior. Don't barely junior the flying carpet guy. They'll be on from 3 to 6. 30 and if that isn't exciting enough, as part of that extra of against them from 5 to 6, you got the be no mysterious. Probably the worst radio in history. Sick goes panther. Preview of 6.30 to 7. The panther is at the islanders who try to make a 3 in a row. At 7 to 9, now that the panthers are beaten up on all em girls teams at Lanta and the maple leaf. Eddie K. After the hockey game and Joe and Mark overnight, you notice the NHL is actually living up to their promise. They have followed the call lot of penalties. They're doing what they're doing. They're opening up the game and the games are like fast. 2 hours and 15 to hours and 20 minutes and it's great. Nobody's going to a lot of them, but that's beside the point. I just don't think that for the foreseeable future based on all the stuff that's been going on last year plus. Spectator sports aren't quite what they used to be. And even look at the trouble I had to sell not to build game here. Right up to last minute channel for head about the last whatever thousand seats. To sell out the dolphin bills. I mean football where the people down here would tell you, oh man, this is we living in my right. Yeah, tell me another one. Okay. All they got to do is lose one game and right away they're finger pointing and crying and moji. We used to be so blessed down here and now we're cursed. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a 18 and Verizon. I would cook some for the calls today. We had a couple of pretty good ones right? One couple couple. And then we had a few mouth breather just a little varieties of spice. I'll open that with these people. Because they basically have nothing to say. So they make noises. WQAN. Howard David is doing a pretty good job. He's working. How about I see what is that? Is that clever? Is it cute? I mean, if you want to take a shot at mode, that's fine. But that's that's below the belt. Okay. Below the belt. So guess what's there? Renance hole. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T. And just the voice, the tone in the voice, that's how Florida. I wish I would left that on here. That's the this town. Deadhead, deadhead, chronic deadhead. Like that 60 cycle tone like the Sandy Payton show. That's it. That's just time. WQAN. Can I get out with Neil? You're on with him. Neil, how are you doing? Great. I just wanted to know about this. I rack you thing. About three weeks ago, I saw George Bush on TV. And he finally came out with him and said, after all, this is a guy who wanted to kill my father. Yeah, that's right. Did you see that? My name is Terry Sawyer. I'm a little daddy. Yeah. I see him. All right. Thanks Neil. And I lost two miles over too. Thank you. Yeah, do you guys try to kill daddy. Now we got to get even. We'll show you a thing or two, piss in. WQAN. QAN. Hello. See, that's the phone calls. It's an exercise in stupidity and morbidity. WQAN. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Good. Listen, what's going on with bin Laden? Yeah, he's right next door. WQAN. You won't be happy to stop. He's over the Donald Trump. Yeah, that's three times for him. WQAN. QAN? WQAN? Hello. Yes, sir. Yes. I just wanted to let you know that you're balanced apparently on the book of Brian this between the voice and the music. Sometimes completely makes it impossible to understand what they're saying. On the cat, oh, can't it a bit? We couldn't hear anything. First of all, that wasn't the book of Brian, but that I just played the Cameron. Oh, cannabis? I didn't know I just said. In addition to which I understand every word, I've played it a thousand times. I understand every word in it. So I don't know what you mean. Maybe you need new radio. Well, if it had made, maybe it's over the brand new radio. Man, well, hey, listen to me. Look on a back. Was it made in China? By a bunch of little communist. Yeah, watch out for that. Sir, watch out every time it'll do it to you. The child will probably swung away after the far left. Let me adjust that. Yeah. Oh, can a buzz. Like that. Who in stereo? And then Volca Brian has to get a shot for that's not his. But that's not like Volca Brian to us. No, no. Maybe with somebody's squeeze is nuts a little bit. WQAN. My balls. WQAN. N. WQAN. Yeah, no. Yes, sir. I want to ask you about the game last night. I didn't get too much of it, but I know you're being loved with us to the Panthers. Yeah. What's wrong with him? They suck. Well, they gotta get better. They're better. They're not gonna get any better, sir. They're not gonna get any better. Sir, they're not gonna get any better. Sir, they're not gonna get any better. Sir, they're not gonna get any better. They're not gonna get any better. Sir, we want to try to work in. They should be playing every time. Trevor can't... What about Trevor? Kid is like a human's siff. There's another hockey expert. What about Trevor? Kid. Yeah, you should have seen Trevor. Kid, bell for a state. They couldn't keep Kujo, you know, he did a little bit took it of a job. They couldn't give him the deal he wanted and you don't take care of it This is what the organization is famous for. They don't kick care of their own people. Kory Schwab when Kujo broke his thumb Kory Schwab comes in and surprises us all and did a hell of a job. Did they resign him? No No, they're bringing a couple of old hacks couldn't stop a bowling ball from a hundred yards away on a sidewalk Not to mention the defense man. Oh my god pathetic Not to mention Anders Erickson was planning St. John's for 4.3 million for three years So they it couldn't make the Panther defense two years ago to worse the fence and leak So they sign them they rockin who's got estimate in the talent up there, huh? What kind of a moron's doing at a I guarantee the articles in the news going I get home at the first thing I'm gonna do is go online and check out the Toronto Sun and Star and read the articles Just rip in M&S Because just like down here the people claim to have passion about football They think they know something about passion right up there They got passion baby 1100 standing were moldy for every hockey game. They live and breathe that they suck it They suck hockey pucks. How do you like that, huh? Here's a good short article about how short that is but right on From come from the Philadelphia and Quyron Tuesday by Harry Wolfe You know where Harry Wolfe is? No Harry Wolfe lives in right and Collins would pay. That's what you need to know It says don't worry Osama you'll get your war It says why do we hurry up and invade Iraq Osama's been waiting for this all of his life. Let's not keep them and waiting Don't lose sleep over it Osama. We will attack Iraq Your Islamic world will have its geod you're September 11th attack wasn't intended just to kill almost 3000 people We know that you meant to change the world and maybe someday control it This time it will be so much easier than the Gulf War I'll just irritate you your own CNN will stir up the hate pit among all Muslims though they come and rage It's seen the first civilians killed by the godlas soldiers from the west the missiles Israel fires and metalliation will Zionize the war The martial law occupation of a Muslim country by America the Satan of the West will never be accepted They didn't even try to create a nation out of Afghanistan the fall of Baghdad believed to chaos your terrorists Sales were more than triple just as you were decentralizing al-Qaeda what a perfect plan The fall of Iraq will not hurt you weapons are available in so many other places just be thankful we consider Saudi Arabia's conference have dual hour Ally Saudi Arabia's where you started al-Qaeda after the Gulf War gifts from charitable organizations and from wealthy individuals were helping support your cause of Peski task force sponsored by the council on foreign relations pointed that out luckily for you the Bush administration wasn't listening Your hometown and your friends are safe Osama and the rest of the world will be terrorized and you'll sit back like the chairman of the board and survey all the jive conquered when they attack Iraq Right, Terry Wolfe Tuesdays Philadelphia and choir how do you like that because inquiry minds one and all what is all a boot? You know every wolf I've seen Yeah, it's been hairy How about Mike Wolf he's pretty hairy. They're it see ever seen on it Harley with what's the name feirana runoff think wolf think Man, she make me nauseous and all the my Harley's pretty big yeah 26 past noon at five 60 WKM. We got the sniper Who scumbag around rest it to Jamaica owns? Muslims Jamaica who want to be whatever it hell they are 117 years old one about 40 years old in their old beat up Chevy purple caprice Would the bushwacker 223 behind the front seat And the fact that they they showed up at that payphone It took them three weeks to catch these guys who are younger than saw dust and they showed up at the payphone with the cops Mr. By ten minutes, but we got the beners. Oh, so now had to see we got these guys. Yeah, we got the beners. That's four for the price of two Did I mention 1226 QM I think we did let me tell you right now about olium and have a new pop some in your mouth Olium heads Mediterranean formulas are advanced combinations of all kinds of good stuff including pharmaceutical rate Olive oil combined with vitamins and minerals or both other nutrients scientifically designed to provide natural nutrition solutions to help support specific health needs Look for their great three new formulas to have one to help you sleep There's one for weight management and co-q 10 for your heart I'll use the benefits of the best olive oil on this planet just ask those gracious over there they'll tell you Olium heads and outstanding product it's available at public's efforts in wall greens for more info call Olium head at their tool free number 1 866 Olium head that's 1 866 6536633 you can also order olium head products online at olium at american.com And if you visit nearest publics and purchase an olium head product in data-brower You can receive a coupon for a free Larry co-carbobble head delus supplies life by sure I'll pick keep speaking I'm my publics anyway For no prick rhymes with Don't forget to visit their sampling preventant at the sports time every Sunday when the dolphins are playing home games pick up free olium And product information start feeling healthy pops them all the omen in your push Over out the moon my well I tell the god at violence to kind of ride that I've been to the Roundies today I'm the classic set of wheels fixed up the way a brother would like The Drivers go in a dies of theuje goes a canned ovi wingssticker a yo No babies I bring a lot of territory Yeah Chinese t- no This disobedience mental out someone down around the road And a big, edetto for now Way High ups dog the King's of the ill reader pull around the Bretts and the Gravesemaaline I got my way to go down on the hearts of the day because the days he don't want to isThank you forada reveal us each of the suspects now The man was handcuffed by the agents in the letterway according to Royder's eyewitnesses, secret service spokesman Brian Marseid, an individual black male came over the fence on Pennsylvania Avenue and was taken into custody by secret service spokesman Brian Marseid, an individual black male came over the fence on Pennsylvania Avenue and was taken into custody by secret service spokesman officer, an individual black male came over the fence on Pennsylvania Avenue and was taken into custody by secret service officer and is currently being interviewed by agents from the service. The other train monkey. President Bush was speaking in North Carolina at the time of the incident he wasn't there. He won home. How do you like that, huh? Another darkie running around loose out there by the White House don't install a lot of a lot of confidence in me, I'll tell you. Darkie's run mad. How's that pull coming? Where are our wide-rejudges rating so weak this summer? So bitterly disappointing, costing us bonus money again for the second year in a row. Making us only pray that we could have like, ring some diaries. 552 votes, which is 552 votes? Man, you're going to bust through that thousand marker by tomorrow morning like it's standing still. Because shows our boring is moved into first place 120 you're boring George. Yeah, just look at you. Look at yourself in a mirror if somebody who people appoint to finger, look at yourselves in a mirror. Do you think that his piece like, how seriously is not a joke question? Guys who were like, oh, I'm not talking about a wig that are like interchangeable. How do they keep them in place and don't say snaps again? How do they stay in place? Spirit gum. Ridley's spirit gum. He shows our boring 120. I love George 107 at 19.3%. He show blows 100. Moe is a brutally den 69. What a great number from old 69. Too bad he's got those vera cos veins. He's an antasmetic little spik 36. Too much ass talk 31. It was Miguel's fault 25. He can't compete with Howard sperm 23. He can't compete with Howard or Rush 21. He mumbles 11. And he can't compete with Rush 9. Is where it's at. Of course Rush is on right now. You think our audience is listening to Rush? No. Maybe if you're the right wingers out there. Like you're, what the, the, the, that's the demo. The Ditto heads. The Ditto heads is the same people listen to the art bell at night. Just doing the commercial. I'm going to tell you right now. Anybody listen to art bell needs to be put in a rubber room. I'm going to tell you that right now. I'm driving home for the track last night. And what do we have? We have the world series game on. That's been a great series. But it's in between the name. So I punch over to see what I would these got on after fill. Okay. Because I thought art bell started at midnight. Didn't you? I had no idea. I guess he starts at 10. And sure enough, they're talking flying saucers again. And listening and I'm listening. He's talking about the ship landing in, uh, Alama Gordon, New Mexico and, and I'm thinking of myself, this is a program for crazy people. Not that we have any shortage of crazy people, but you've got to be off your rocker to be listened to an art bell. And he's got an audience. And we don't want to mention Carlos or Boca Brian, who listen to that show. But like I said, anybody who listens to that show for more than 30 seconds needs to be in a rubber room. There's got to be something wrong with you. If I was you, I'd look myself in the mirror and start pointing the finger and saying, you must be crazy. Yeah, do a John Henry for crying out loud. Just standing there pointing at them, I can't even type the guy dancing. I'm so worked up about it. It was so bad. It was just awful. I must be crazy. I must be not. Right. To be listening to the art bell? Man. I'm listening to Moe for 25 hours. Straight before I listen to the art bell. That's how bad that show is. You know what? In fact, see, I just tiped it off. You know what? They're going to do these two snappers. Remember clockwork orange? Oh yeah. They're going to lock them in a small room. They're going to hang their hands behind their back. Put each one in different corner. And they're going to crack up not living fun. They're going to crack up the Moe Howard David of the show. On tape over and over and over. Talk about the Chris and the and the rendez. And the rendez increase. He doesn't know Chris. Well, that's too bad. He will after the first 40 hours of it. Run the increase in Chris and around. Twenty two till one. The mad dog Jim managed to be long. I want to clock for one of his rare working days. Which we uh well, I'm starting to get jealous of myself. I think he's cutting out himself a better deal than all of us. Man works for two hours. She was up about three days out of every five. It gets to go on here on the ball games on a weekend and scream and shout and carry on like a wild man. It's great. I'm going there, Jim. Bo. Hey, speaking of plunging your brains out on ball games and stuff like that. VIP Sportsbook.com is the greatest sportsbook ever invented by man. A lot of ads for other sportsbook these days, but you certainly don't want to hand over any of your heart and cash to some we lunatic in uh sportsbook located in the Enemsfeld at the end of the world. I like right next to Sweetwater. Let me help you out. VIP Sportsbook.com is the only book to be unanimously endorsed by the industry watchdogs. Unanimous meaning all of them. They're Dutch faced, which uh certainly pleases me and then one of the first online sportsbooks ever. So if you go on a roll of a lifetime at that point, you certainly want to be hooked up with a sportsbook. You can trust the best one going VIP Sportsbook.com. And with football season at a fever psychotic pitch right now. How about them tackers next week? You want to be with the best VIP Sportsbook.com. Open in the count online and get you a 15% cash out the sign up bonus. Everybody agrees with me including my good for now and Conan Pomp and O'Park who hates it often even more than I do. That rate Lucas plays like a real nervous high school kid. And he'll continue to by the way. That I mentioned they got the highest probably odds you'll find anywhere up to 2001 at the VIP Sportsbook.com. So when it down check them out, you can call them tool free. 1-8-6-VIP best. That's 1-8-6-VIP-B-ETS. And if you sign up online you get you the 15% sign up bonus at VIP Sportsbook.com. VIP Sportsbook.com where you be the VIP. You're the VIP Sportsbook.com. You're the VIP Sportsbook.com. You're the VIP Sportsbook.com. You're the VIP Sportsbook.com. That's nice for you. Maybe a lot of you couple missiles toward a place we know. And aim a metafel. Who's first name begins with a vote. There's one thing we all understand. We all understand. We all understand. We all understand. We all understand. We all understand. We all understand. We all understand. We all understand. We all understand. We all understand. We all understand. We all understand. We all understand. We all understand. We are playing. So let's cut out our nonsense. And we'll blow up a pack of stains. All right. She's X. Sweet eyes. Can't build a mold, It's packed to stay. I'm gonna do those numbers in Joe and Mark Boy. You think he's a weight by him? Joe Custellin. Four. He don't get up till four? That's my guess. Why would that be? They get off at six a couple hours to have breakfast screw round and get some things done by eight hours. Eight hours. When you're that age and you're working overnight, you don't sleep the way it is. When you're working at schedule, I'm just rounding it up for you. Well, and then we don't have to be afraid to stand up today. We really had a desperate situation there overnight after that good start too. You know what I shame? And again, you should take a message from there because they're like, they're just in training. They got their training bras over to microphone. Too much ass talk. See, I know this comes as a great shock to people who are considering them. So it's experts on radio, which usually are people who don't work in it. There's no such thing as shock radio. They're never wasn't the first place, but if they're ever was, that's history. Nothing is shocking anymore. That's why you got assholes doing it like, open and anthony, not doing these things and getting canned. Because they're desperate to try to do something new and I'll read it and we'll try to outrage us each other. See, it's like Jackass on MTV. See, see? See what? Talking about ass. I said, Jackass, not more ass. Anyway, that's the bottom line. So the idea about, hey, eating isn't so pass. It's like, honey bears. It's like freaking honey bears. You packed into it one day. Yeah, you backed into it all, right? That's the problem. Probably was Dwight's tongue. Senators questioned agents bad review. This really pisses me off from the Washington Post yesterday. Another one of my bedtime stories. It's enough to put me to bed under the covers. A Minneapolis FBI agent accused your colleagues of steaming a Tiffany Crystal globe from the ruins of New York's World Trade Center was informed yesterday that a work was not satisfactory officials said prompting two US senators to question whether the FBI was retaliating against a whistleblower. See, then politicians, they like a good blower, but not a whistleblower. The agent Jane Turner, a 24-year-old FBI veteran, completed letters to members of the Senate Judiciary Committee last month that she discovered a slightly damaged paperweight on a secretary's desk in the Minneapolis Field Office. She wrote that she believed the globe had been taken by an evidence recovery team from the rubble of ground zero after 9.11 terrorist attacks. The allegations along with Turner's decision to enlist the help of Senator Charles Grassley and Patrick Lee, were an embarrassment for the FBI and it prompted an investigation by the Justice Department since Fector General's Office. The claims also caused the FBI's Minneapolis Office to lose jurisdiction of an unrelated case that was run by Turner, which sent her to allegations that a Minnesota company was involved in thefts from World Trade Center rubble on a site in Staten Island sources said the federal emergency management agency FEMA is handling that probe to avoid conflict of interest concerns. Yesterday Turner's supervisor in former that her job performance does not meet expectations on a critical element, which is the first step toward removal from the FBI, according to Turner's Washington-based attorney and others familiar with the case. The attorney's Stephen Cones, that Turner's always received satisfactory reviews from the FBI in the past, she believes that her role in calling attention to the globe theft is the reason for the core review. How do you like that? They don't like the whistleblowers, maybe they'll destroy your life. She probably pretty soon become a person of interest. When you think? Already. White House downplays Internet attack, read the sigh of relief. And by the way, tell Eric that he's not doing such a wonderful job getting those that, but he screwed up my statistics paid something fierce. He doesn't seem to realize that I studied that thing religiously. Hey, Eric, I'm a student of my statistics page. Yeah. So don't be dick in my, get it back the way it used to be, okay sweetheart. In between feeding, I'm sure you can find that. We never had any problems before. It's been that way for how many years have we been doing this about 75 out of computer? Always looking to try to blame something that isn't the problem. Okay, you're trying to create problems where there aren't one, Eric. I understand you're frustrated when you can't get your blood sugar below 600, I can relate to it, especially after those two cookies today. What do you do with the rest of them? The White House saw today to relate concerns about an unusual attack this week against the 13 computer server that managed global Internet traffic, stressing that disruption was minimal in the FBI's working to trace the attackers. I don't care what you did with them. They weren't that the chocolate one was good, but there weren't any more of those. Damn it. Is that it? That's probably Eric right there. Isn't that see what I'm saying? Tell him to calm down, tell him just to get to go. And also, why do you got him on there? Tom Don't be concerning with Boca Brian behind our back. Boca Brian doesn't control what goes on with his show, okay? Boca Brian is not a decision maker. He's a bit maker and a good one too and a great guy, but he's not a decision maker. So don't be concerning with any right wing lunatic fringe groups based on Boca Brian. In other words, if he can't get us to approve some sinister deed, there is a call on Boca Brian to try. Boca Brian can't approve his activities, okay? Tell me if you don't watch it, we'll send a sick John Askcroft on it. Tell me on there, his ask like, stink on the mo. Most Internet users didn't notice any effects from money's attack because it lasted only one hour because the Internet's architecture was designed to tolerate such short-term disruptions, experts said. The White House said it was unclear where the attack originated, who might be responsible, or whether the attack could be considered cyber terrorism. We don't know. If they don't know anything, we'll take a look to see if there are any signs of who it may be or may not be. Spokesman Minister of Information Ari Flasher said, I'm not aware there's anything that would lead anybody in that direction. He's made sure that many of these attacks actually come from the hacker community, but that's why in the best days and anyway. They don't know, might be this, it might be that, oh, some might be dead, he might be alive. Stephen Hathkell might be a person of interest, he might not be so interested. The answer asked guy, it might be domestic, it might be foreign, it might be terrorism, it might be, who knows? Like Harry Curry would say, it might be, it could be, it look at him, he now he's dead. Very sad. Very very sad. You choked up about it. What is he giving you a song to dance, okay? Tell him what he's great about. What he grabber? How come he didn't invite me to the air osmith concert that dickhead? I'm sure because it was a corals guy and he knew what the answer is. Yeah, you know something he did not know what the answer would be. Air osmith, you don't think I'd drive up to West Palm to see air osmith? You right. I don't, I'm not in the concerts as a bunch of druggies there. Now the beat, the backstreet voice concert that was in the rain was promised got pneumonia, but it's still head at its moment. It had its moment, it's glorious moment, but nevertheless, I wouldn't go back up there if he paid me by the minute. That is the worst god damn play going to see a concert in a cow pasture. It's one thing if it's up there and you know he's living in a past, woodstock, that's what he's living in, have the seats when you work. But it's in a cow pasture, what do you mean does it have seats? I know it has seats in the middle of pouring rain, even the Greeks were going on. The shelter, I thought I was safe. Yeah, shelter, they live for water on it. Oh, and speaking to give me shelter, the stones, how is that concert dinner? Do you know Jeff Cole wanted me to go to that? Yeah, I know. What is wrong with him? I'm not into being all drugged up, boozeed up. I'm not into going to stupid concert with a bunch of sloppy, drunk, slavily people. That sounds wonderful. That sounds great. Not sound like a great time. Drugged up, boozeed up, but not slavily. They were hot and great like that one fine young man at the Vashnid Boys concert who decided to renew his going to take almost all his clothes off out there. In fact, let's go back there again and see and we live that moment, okay? We'll check ID just to make sure, but I think it was okay. 9 before 1. Oh, and yesterday I'm watching El Presidente on there. Did you see me yesterday afternoon when he was doing this thing about the boat. Foreign on the internet, did you see that thing? And how they got a crackdown and he was going on this emotional thing about it. And he's almost in our ticket. It is the moose man. It's very scary. And I was thinking with the two of them in charge, we ought to feel real safe. But he was going on about how we have to protect children all cost and we asked him myself, does that include these pedophile priests, by the way? Which I know, does he don't make any more mention of that? He made a very brief peripheral mention months ago when I was hot news, you know, before all this other stuff started. Probably got a call from his brother saying, hey, yeah, that's right. That guy damn rosary beating is sticking right up your butt. You'll have anal butt beads if you don't watch it. Well, speaking of Jeff Cohen, 8 before 1 at 560 WQM, let me tell you about a great place to take care of your feet, your took season that's Brandy's and Pompano Beach. There are two great things in Pompano Beach. Pompano Park and Pompano, uh, I and Brandy's shoes. Is there anything else that's great in Pompano Beach? Well, when more. Anyway, get over to Brandy's and get you some of the top name Brand shoes in the universe, rock ports, SAS, Spirory, Timberland, Naturalizer and lots more. And believe me, they got exactly what you're looking for in your size because they have an unbeatable selection. They got salespeople that know your feet inside and out and they have unbeatable prices. That's the bottom line. Brandy's is open every day if your life from 9 to 9 every Sunday, 10 to 5 and you'll find them at a great location where they've been for a long long, long-for-a-counseage, 1290 North Federal Highway in Pompano Beach. Like I said, for price selection and service, Brandy's always is unbeatable. And all this week for the second week at a row of the special goes on. Back at dry, punch your guts out. All this week at Brandy's rock ports are on sale, men's boat shoes are only 4490 and men's pro walkers are only 4990. Only this week at Brandy's in Pompano Beach. My ride in local, we're sports video 560's UAE. Yeah. Have a penis. I've never had one. I swear. Hey, want us to find a way. The reimburs and quarterback pay from 200 years ago when they were slaves. Went out and we have a mobile home. A pitfall in a pinch of skulls. So if you want to ask them how, here's what I got to say. You've got to get some bigger good morning. Tillin' that you're sorry for it's layin' them on. Get some bigger good morning. And that's where everybody's who is dead and gone. If I was born a day, people too. Oh, it's layin' something I do. But what we're dead people dead to you. I have to take the flying. You. When you see it all four and old on the act. With the canna smelly cherry in fact. Instead of 40 acres and a mule, I have a better way. You've got to get some bigger good morning. Went on how, in fair and Oregon, Raymond, too. Yes, a bigger good morning. And that's your best intuition for a slave at you. Yes, a bigger good morning. All right. If Tillin' that you're sorry for it's layin' them on. Get got some bigger good morning. And that's where everybody's who is dead and gone. Come in, it's still one at five, 60W to cure. I'm not saying one thing. I'm watching a little bit more here on the snipers. On these two scumbags. Everything that all these talking had said. Everything was all wrong. There wasn't one single point that any of them had right. Neither one of these that were trained as a sniper. That's number one. And we could go down a hole list. There was nothing that they had that it was accurate. And as far as being clever and devious. And all I can say is where is the moose man? You know what we haven't seen him yet at all the day. The moose man, he's probably exhausted. And plus he has to take them English refresher courses. I don't want to say he's in our ticket. That could be a good pull question one day. Who's more in our ticket? El Presidente or the moose man. That's a tough battle. I see a little difference except the ears. Why were George's ratings so putrid this summer we asked. So damn weak. 595 votes you came close to six hundred votes during the course of the show, which is almost unprecedented. He shows our boring 128. I love George 114. That's 19.1%. That's pretty good. He showed blows 111 and 13 19.1. So let's put it in four and a half percent. Oh the moose. The moose. The suck the big one yesterday man. He showed blows 111. Moose a brutal lead in 76. I never had been true or was been spoken. Not just a brutal lead in no lead in. We could have like the test pattern on for three hours and probably have it a better number. He's an anti-Semitic little spik 36 too much as talk 35. He can't compete with Howard sperm 26. It was Miguel's fault 25. Can't compete with Howard or Rush 23. He mumbled a moose 11. Can't compete with Rush 10. Man, the pressure I was just a normal smell of you know. Fight, fight, fight. I'm five six. I'm two and a half. I'll take the bad date of quits nothing glued.