Me and Mo and Goli this morning it was pretty good And I guess he took some of that like personal to see it's just it's a radio show Mo See I guess he understands it's a radio show until his name gets me am I carbon him again on here now that I'm back That's bad even though he was ripping Joseph acuian is picking a page out of my book now How come if I rip goes to Gacuian sees the most boring person on the face of the earth that makes me a prick in a son of a bitch But if he does it it's funny Can you explain that to me? Well, you probably can't because you got big problems with him anyway Did you at least go in a wish him happy birthday? No, I know nobody brought the card buyer And how about when you didn't hear do you give me that song a dance about my asking for a truce or some crap? Did you have any conversation there? I'm afraid to talk to the man and why is that? Oh, he's a scary guy. You think he might misconscrew everything that you say hi I don't want to take the chance the screw part being the obvious part but you should be very happy because he said this morning That he backed off and then it was the right thing to do and there would have been nothing A complex of a person for his birthday present, but nobody approached me. I had eight hundred bucks They actually did facts me in Toronto when I was afraid that you had sent me the facts and so I immediately Schmidt can because I thought where you wanted me to make stick about it again. I thought well this guy just doesn't learn his lesson You know send him me mole facts is up here in Toronto So that came across my facts up there on Friday and immediately went in the circular file But it did say on a bottom of this page it says please help us celebrate Mois 69 9th birthday on Monday I should have asked him this morning, but that would have been that would have been cool on unusual punishment even for him I should have asked him which birthday it was. I mean this this November I'll be 60 the big six oh and I guarantee he's a lot older than I am When you say I don't think there's a question. There's no doubt about it Let's take a poll in the building. Okay, who's older and you know another one? I don't know who old how old he is because he's He just doesn't change that much the Humper because I've known Hank for like uh, I don't know 20 he's always looked that age Whatever you were gonna say that age you were gonna say that fat you know damn well. That's what you were gonna say I said I wasn't see this is not like my being in Toronto. I'm sitting here looking at your ugly stale push and you were gonna in between the that and age There was like a mini pause A little mini me pause. I wasn't gonna say a thing about it. Yeah, and you weren't But he doesn't change a lot so I Hank could be like I don't know it could be like 55 he could be 61 or 2 I don't I don't know is he sensitive about that? I don't think so not Hank Well, what does that mean Hakes a sport Hank those things got a sense of humor Okay Hank and I am in it to see the three of us we got the right attitude and that is that life is sweet Enjoy it and that's that's my attitude I have no rose No complaints the little dog he's all or he's not too happy Don't get me started okay. He's not too happy with that TV business He wants back on the radio is what I'm here it So you're gonna get me started again and most gonna come into my arm blame you I got my whole stack of stuff here. I got this bilingual crap I haven't even get them full out yet for today. I didn't know about the Joe Rose thing He wants back on the mornings. I don't know that that's the rumor. I forget who started that I didn't start it maybe one of the underlying steps. No. I think you started it But the rumor is that Joe is not too happy with this TV gig a channel six that he's a missus being on a year on the radio And he would like to be back in a morning show. Oh, I maybe I think it was Hank was saying that I think the humpers the one that started that rumor about Joe wants back on the mornings But see, Mo this is this is what makes this place so much fun That's why we still have these gigantic ratings in fact when scurraying was in here with a sales department Suck in my leg for 20 minutes here this morning That's what we were talking we were all laughing our asses off the fact that the ratings keep coming out and we keep going higher and higher And nobody can figure out why I said it's like having a gun that you're head to try to blow your brains out and it's going to the gun keeps jamming You keep missing we keep doing everything in our power to self-destruct and somehow we just can't do it So our heart felt congratulations to For doing such a great job of trying to self-destruct can't quite accomplish the need but and I think muff is it the gate a's by the way He just wants to get out there and all and Disney by the word on the street, you know that guy to call it They about the word on the street. I've only been back since Saturday morning, but three two two days plus The word on the street is that the party's over and the party just like I said Friday the party is over Make no mistake about it and because they play the same stick and songs over and over again They play the same 20 songs that's my opinion. I'm like Disney So if you look at those numbers for April boy you can already see the trend is like You're finished So he can get all you you fork any motion You go when the next trend comes out he's gonna be puke in that way Spesky and over in the Cox building I guarantee that he's got a lot of practice at that old Disney See if he would listen to those of us who know effect I got CDs here all over the place some great European music and a lot of that great new Transbyte stuff that they won't play stuff that they never heard of over there So that's the word on the street Is that the people that were enchanted with their music and with the fact that they were and and let me say something else Mike You know all the shots in a world of power about how many spots they're playing Then might have been very creative and very funny and amusing for a few minutes in the beginning Nobody cares anymore. It's old news You can probably ache about the fact that you're playing more music than there, but the fact of the matter is you're playing the same 20 records And nobody wants to hear that crap anymore. It is that's my opinion. I'm Mike Disney 1947 at five sixty wq a.m Got to see my good buddy try the skin head this morning Good try our strafford one of his accounts brandy shoes boy. We love brandy's nail-evast They've been on the show for a coupons age. Oh, sorry Troy When you shop for quality footwear selection professional service are always important to you But the thing that most people look for is price At brandy shoes you'll find the biggest selection of great men's and women choose the best service in town and the best prices anywhere in the universe period And we're talking not some off-brains, but we're talking the best names in the shoe business like rock ports S.A.S. Spirits, Timberland naturalizer and lots more and with their humongous selection you're almost never here Sorry, we don't have the style in your size So find out why most of their customers if brandy's that way keep coming back, but usually by a whole bunch of shoes I need to visit some that even match brandy's open daily nine to nine Sundays 10 till five and you'll find a bit 1290 North federal highway and prestigious Pompano Beach be sure and tell them that old Neil and Troy Stratford said you buy to brandy shoes and pop Rye Hey, it's Howard Howard David We don't take you live to Mike Tyson's training camp where he prepares for his battle against one Exluse at the pyramid arena Memphis Tennessee, July 2002 Hey next Yeah Oh my god, right Mike are you ready to spawn my I'm ready I'm ready. I'm ready. I'm ready. My power partner. Yeah, ready We'll just have a little problem I can take your You've been flocking I love all your energy. Can you listen? Stay away from them all right just yeah for far away Thank you then close against me slacky up You want to get him I will fight I will fight I can take a market Yeah He's so shanky I'm ready for the next one Good back This is incredible just got a facts It's a bio of Hank But I don't think this got Hank's age on it. It's a tank old burgeon he has p2 In the end 1993 frequent contributor ESPN sports radio Plus this is old it says he continues to host sports radio Qams after and drive four to seven program hammer time He also works for beaver silvers. He doesn't work for beaver silvers. Do you anymore does he? He works for them a long time don't think And he worked at IOD and TVJZ He's oh wait wait oh and it does have his butt birthday on here. I do like that Now would he be upset with me putting this on the area think I don't think so and even if he is too bad Hank He's older nine Ready for that the Humper Hey stop it was boring Born on the fourth inch you lie hey Now how come you never told us that Oh and before I go into the thing about Hank I must say this I'm actually almost in shock it takes a lot to shock me that mole actually thought I ripped him in there this morning I thought we had a good time Sounded like Tommy and that's why he walked in here later during that break and said to me I guess it was almost indignally I thought you wanted a truce Is if Mo you just don't get it it's radio it's entertainment it we're having fun over here, okay? Rip out and rip me all you want I'll rip you you rip me it's a radio show it's not personal Me just because you turned 71 today, so are we gonna take it out on me? I can't control it hands at time God I thought we had I thought we had fun didn't it sound like fun? Of course I mean what do you know? I don't like that. I don't like that. I don't like that. I don't like that. That's why what's big to me gal either Born July 4 night in 10th of the year yet no You attended Duke University in 1962 graduate in NYU the Humper was born in 1940 So that means on the 4th of July he'll be 62 What now what did I say man it go I said he could be like 60 he could be 55 to 61 or two and I said that yes But he looks the same as he did you know several years ago right To me at me to me he looks like Hank the same chubby jolly Right So there you go we're not embarrassed to give our age I'll be 60 in November 5. Hank is like a couple of years older and a quiet inquiry minds want to know How else are other people all yeah this business a very jackass is so and so is like in his mid 50s Yeah like I'm 35 too So anyway, just to show you that I do lose touch with what's going on down here the first thing that I noticed Saturday's newspaper the Harold In the business and just the paper was laying there and it just happened to be the business section was sitting on top Otherwise I wouldn't have even seen this because who they'll want to look at the business section anybody out there I want to look at business. No, thank you and here's this woman Who looks like she attended love those potluck suffers all the way shouldn't probably say that what is her name? Sharon Hedar And she's holding up a big sign that says bell-south unfair firing English speakers but keep Spanish speakers. Oh, yeah They had you in the local you see this news. Yeah, and I've talked to myself for things you have changed here Yeah, sure missed a lot It's never gonna change so that's gonna be our poll today's matter fact language issued divides says So let me ask you this before getting the story does it sound any different than it does when I'm up there? You know what I think you have a better microphone up there Yeah, I do like I said I think I have to leave tomorrow morning I could be because everything I have up there's brand new Certainly have a much nicer setup Yes nicer furniture. Oh, yeah, you'd be very impressed. I think I'll take pictures of it. Okay, this next time Could be very impressed with it looks beautiful And that one day last Wednesday if anybody was listening last was anybody other listen last Wednesday? No, why do you miss it then? And I believe in my own mind not being technically a genius, but I have to believe that some way There's a frequency some way somehow that we could be doing that and not have the dropouts because that was Beyond belief and remember I would like I'd pop it up CNN and you were sitting here watching it right and the words actually match the I even I'm off pop it up the audio and it was in sync Not to Conjurep any Croteski, man yeah, yeah, that's my point and then of course we had a go off that frequency because there were a little bit of the audio dropping out on both ends And we went off onto something else and it it sounded good, but like a little you know a little bit of it a lay a little bit of a time ago But down here and back up to you then it you know it to delay So it's not perfect, but but certainly better than this better than this. This is pretty weak So we apologize for the fact that showed outside that good today, but I'm actually hearing my amy a North Day and nothing's gonna sound like good in date Is it oh no? I mentioned I won a 52 bucks in Pompid O Park on Saturday. I think I did and that fat rich is big as a house And it he had enough food for lunch and Chinese army. I haven't mentioned that on the year. You know I don't know what I can do with this man We went through the cafeteria the buffet and the only reason I did that was because Troy let me down with my Sack see balance for life. Let me down badly Troy shame on you. What is wrong with you man? Look at the great job he's doing for the beast. I must didn't recognize him when I walked in the day Do you believe that boy was he standing sideways? No, it was somebody else No seriously, I mean I don't want to go that far, but he's doing very well. It's lost about 30 pounds He's gonna save his life with that thing. It's a good program, but the problem is it can't be good for you It can improve your stomach and your bowel movements unless you're eating it It's like broccoli George a camping good for you unless you put it in your mouth and choke on it and gag on it. Oh, you have no idea I was in there and I hate I hate the only image that I can conjure in my mind and it's very sick To equate to the way that I felt there Everybody's seen remember there's a pruder from the J. P. assassination and when the first bullet hit him in the neck Yeah, and he's he's sitting there like with his shoulders hunched up like in Like frozen in time You know what I'm saying? I know it's a very sick image and it's sad and all of that, but we've seen it a million times And of course that's what the media is therefore to desensitize us to these things So after the 20 million time you see it, it's not that big of a deal anymore But that's how I felt like like my shoulders were gonna be like hunched up at the end I'm like sitting there like frozen because like like that For what seemed to be an eternity and I'm and of course racing through your mind first of all is like you're gonna choke to that Right there at the table number one number two you're either gonna have to puke your guts out there or one of the toilet and you know Stick your finger down your throat Which would almost be worse? I don't know all the good thing was that with the last sip of water finally, you know, just finally Ug so we'll get back in that good old bilingual stuff baby. It's gonna be in South Florida where everybody hates everybody else And at this All that Which video five sixty You a yeah Since the cameras left the Osborn's Beverly Hills estate We're wondering what's Ozzy doing now? Hello, sir. What do you want little boy? I'm a little lady starting up next week and I need to get a baseball bat I know self-bats and I want anything to do with bats Yeah, my whole career's been based on another mob bats. I'll sell you a glove in a ball But not a bat. No, we need a bat to play with Whoa, you want me to do by it. Don't you understand what I'm saying to you? I'm bitten the hedge hole for bat before I want a share of what made it where a bat coat get out of here. Oh, show you a bat You've been down over Out of here. I will show you a bat ridiculous It is it's 18 before 10 at five sixty WQAM Todd rec was in here this morning and guess what he still is he still live up to his name Here's our pull question and then we'll get to the stories here You're too our stuff. Hey, Moll. Let me say you think there's any way I can convey it to him to get him to loosen up a little bit and just he takes it So God damn seriously. I've never met anybody like that in my life It would be like if you had a a wild sexual encounter with somebody and you thought God this was really great And they were like you know She was really emotional and screaming and carrying on and you thought this was the greatest thing and then you walked away And then later on like the next day She told all her friends boy. It was awful It was he was a worst, you know Rollin the sack ever had in my life and you think he's how the house that possible, you know And I'm sitting there thinking we're having a great time and a little Bantier back and forth. It's certainly a change from that gay band. It's like on that Tommy Brady stuff Which he can't handle that either anyway, Moll. It's just the gloves are off baby. Everybody everybody fend for yourself Here's our pull What now how would all his other bullcraft this truce crap? You know This is a radio show we're supposed to be an entertaining audience the audience loves that They'd like the internal warfare whatever it is as long as the people involved understand it Don't take it personal and you only have a stroke on the you know like when it gets some kind of a crank phone call or something like that This is I have naked pictures of your mother or some kind of stupid crap like that If somebody called here and said that they could pick yous of my mother or jerks mother We'd find it very amusing Oh Yeah, believe me hysterical Exactly anyway, here's the pull question that he's sorry or I'm just I don't know I guess just being back here You see how the tone is changed. Yeah. I don't like the tone. I don't either Maybe it's all that slim how much do you care about the language problem in sound Florida? I mean, there's another choice there is no language problem Huh Do you think anybody's gonna vote for that? I don't know do you have a problem? No because I don't live here anymore Just take a look at the Quebec kind they Quebecers man just take a look at that I've told you that for years and see it's a total failure look at the frogs It doesn't work it it spawns nothing but hate But anyway how much do you care about the language problem in south Florida? I'm asking here are your choices five choices a lot this is America speaking English Enough to avoid date County as much as possible Not at all I'm bilingual so too bad for the rest of you or What's wrong with that? There's one for you and Miguel the vote for and this is no there is no language problem I'm not voting for the bilingual one even though I am because I don't do business in Espanol in fact There is no language problem is kind of like in my country. We have no any good like that I think that's what they present a Brazil told W over in Europe two weeks ago when he asked The Martha you have black people in your country too And I'm surprised didn't ask him if they pick cotton or not that would have probably been the next question What is our president dumb or what? Oh, sorry Robert I shouldn't have done that because we forget up so he'll never give me in the inside scoop again Like we told me about mosaaged today. I mean if you're gonna have a birthday and you're gonna adult why not tell people all? Well, you are like 60 guys not the end of the world one Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha Georgia that by the way Mo Georgia that I said the gloves off were with me not with you you're still on real fun ice You're like on the precipice every moment of your life. You could be out if he changes his mind and doesn't want to back off He backed off Okay, there's the pool Yeah, let's find out from this audience. Okay. We let's do a real quick pool on the phone and find out how many people enjoy the the internal uh... you know the internal uh... the internet scene warfare that goes on as long as it's kept in perspective and people look at all men out of shape i think the audience enjoys it a lot don't you uh... in fact that they that i came on here and said that's stupid crap about the truth which was uh... that was a norm can't think well by the way don't forget norms on in fifteen minutes uh... yeah for that big show and let's take a couple of calls here and see what the audience is qa m hello friday kua m hello love it yes there is see that was lia love it he loves it five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the eighty and the horizon where the slide there we go get a few calls coming here probably a few assholes qa m hello see what i mean these missed those calls in toronto baby qa m qa m w qa m hello hello yes sir oh yeah can i show you the i beg your pardon this is the raudi show no w qa m hello it makes me so hard that was hard i recognize that voice you're not fooling me mo w qa m this pre-sac memory of the old days and Steve came who kind of has a lot in common with him as parvigent no kidding yeah i love it yeah you love it all right well it's nice here from you well at least the select that was painless and laced in a riddle quick got riddle in real fast to the outtroath no you're exactly i was going to wait that long w qa m hey i'm doing great listen why you think that everybody should listen you read the newspaper what there's another guy who's still listening by the way Ronic is a hot guy who's still listening here it is it's already the third adjunent i've been doing that for like four months now don't have to listen go away pales you going away no i'm going anywhere nobody should have to do anything if you don't want to listen it's a free country w qa m hey you yes sir if you don't like it you can ship out you're the god okay and have a great day i guess he was going to respond see this is the same old thing again you know i'm asking the specific question about the cross-banned or back and forth on the station which uh... it's part of the entertainment it's part of the fun i'd just i've just never accounted a person like that he really does take it all very seriously and when he looked at me and said that he uh he backed off and then it was the right thing to do and didn't pursue getting your inspired it was not a way to mission on his part that he tried to do that but then mission that he really takes this all seriously a bunch of childish emails even a three or four crank calls i had in their nose of five minutes were like more serious than those emails you follow what i was saying and he was taken it's serious w qa m qa m hello for these people slower what god almighty coming back here is like a trip into the end of the universe w qa m and you'll i love your show okay thanks spik w qa m hello we'll be on the end side fighting as the best radio in the world you are there you go so i hope that Greg don't come while in the year one minute which i don't really need to see him anyway wow you know i thought we had a true so i thought yeah i screw you that's my comment Greg okay screw you but out stand a programming okay we got a 98 share in men on his show or making you a more guide than money than carders got pills so screw off stand my face the three days that i'm here of course i can't even imagine he'd have the balls to show his face in his studio after the crappy pulled with me all that stuff about you where i had like almost the nervous breakdown to try to save your job because we have an old man went and ran with no sense of humor i think that's pathetic pathetic and as tit for tat quid per quid whatever the hell that was i'm supposed to like declare a true so well the truss is off okay yeah the truss is off it's kind of a birthday prison tomorrow got a spice up a show a little bit anyway and what you're can't you know can't help i'll hurt wqa m yes sir i'll have you have you guys thought about just getting together little small room just you and in and more and just the time and you know just explain it so maybe he just don't fully understand it you know i think you got your thumb on it so he doesn't get it i'm a little more subtle intellectual so back you know okay we'll give it a shot thank you he wanted to give me a shot that one show because i'm a racist son of a bitch and yet this last guy to call just now it sounded like one of those brothers to me didn't it i love that line and that's the ray from city link about that bro crap that they're playing that was Mike Disney who said that by the way said all your complaints and who happens also be the general manager of edr and how 105 and he's talking about bro crap what have they played that's all they play on those two stays in nothing but bro crap wqa m hey bro why wqa m hello Neil there was a horse called paper boy dick bucks then was the driver yes sir Neil how are you welcome back as temporary as it may be and it was beaten by Joe Manicello uh Manicello was named the horse Joe Marjounier beat him a half length and hazel park in 150-3 yes go ahead sir well anyway listen ah you know personally i don't like the guy you know kind of turned off of the morning show but you know if you don't like it he can go back to New York okay i'll tell him that haha now see i didn't open up like for a lot of shots here all of course it's you know free country but that wasn't the purpose of this uh especially on his birthday that would be a low shot you know well the reason i'm saying that is because you know that will come into play in the ensuing conversations about this i mean you know i don't want to pick on a guy in his birthday but the fact of the matter is that it would just were just having a little fun here i didn't see anything that went on there in fact i heard a lot of yuckin in the chortlin that was going on behind me in the control room they seem to be enjoying it yuckin was smoking in a chortlin a little bit trying to repress it because he wanted needs a job but you know and yet it was like there was something serious to learn on in there just to just do your thing that's my best suggestion you want to rip me an ass you want to rip George an ass he's an ass you little stick with an attitude whatever to have you want we can handle it it's a radio show that's all it's a freaking radio show mo i'm glad that i'm back here these three days because that the thing this morning it like a woken me up shift me out of my letter g truce my fat old ass that's my comment to that okay yeah whore yellowish like you have a roll of paper tells in there for you if you don't want to want to make sure you see all the different variety colors there so can through your pants any second it's okay it'll be good for when i go to the doctor later wqa m qa m hello who's calling yeah where you're calling from oh no we don't talk to people from pombie wqa m hello these people are so freaking slow man like i told mow this morning the reason they scream like that in the soccer games is because they have to try to pretend there's something exciting going on on those very rare occasions when there's a goldscord as to try to wake everybody else up wqa m yeah your job is just pick on everybody that's what you do that's what you survive on yeah you deflect your fitness on somebody else you set part finger sausage band i don't have fat fingers though i was good there were so many f's coming loose there i was sure that one of them was going to be when i'm going to have to dump fat fingered pork pork fat pork fingered sausage fat that was great wqa m hello wqa m We're not going to be in the middle of the game. Where's one? There we can. Oh, I like. Oh. See, I'm glad we're getting this out of our system today. It's like a giant purge. It's like empty. Every once in a while, I have to drain out your septic tank. That's what we're doing here this morning for a little while. WQAM. WQAM. You know, if Mohani ability, you take care of back and kick your goddamn teeth in. And I'll let you mention it. Have you ever seen him in an Alex Bend together? No. Oh, Alex did have a live studio audience. WQAM. I knew. When are you going to be back in Amsterdam? What am I going to be? Why do you want to know? I'm going out a couple weeks again. Oh, I won't be there. I'll be there in July. I sure. I have a good one and I keep up the good work. Okay, see you in the right. Santa remember. Oh, the middle of the net. Okay. Okay. To team. Get out of here. Man. Sure. Worst is dancing. Go away already. It's on the last stages. But it's had a noin thing where you really ought to be home. So can your head with a hot water bottle? WQAM. You didn't hit done. Sure. Is how did? Line 7. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah. I love it, man. Maybe you're like, maybe you're light enough when you were with the mad dog. Okay. Thank you. Thank you for your Perspicacious observation. WQAM. Hello. You. Yes, sir. Love you, sir, man. Love you. Sure. I got a fiery pour for you. Yeah. Your buddy, uh, big ass joros there. Yeah. You have your commercial. The air around the clock. Air in on 940. The same commercial that air in on your station is on 940. But why is that a spy report? Any station? Any given station? Yeah. Any given time. Right. Oh. Okay. I didn't know. In other words, it's probably an agency spot and he cut it for the agency and it runs on whatever station. Don't get all excited about it. Okay. Okay. Okay. Come down. I mean, I understand we got a lot of loyal people out there, but this guy He's got a big heart on. You know, it was all hooked up to a frenzy. So what about Larry Kent? They can't bring him back, I guess. He was just too fat. Oh. How's that pull coming? I'm going to vote on a pool during the break. I guess I'll wait here in the break. The best, the best episode of the morning wasn't my appearance on a whole Howard show, but it was Todd Dreck making a cameo appearance in a studio. And bitch in somebody else for the fact that over the weekend he heard he heard a dated spot on some ballgame. Something that was outdated with Mark Vanderbiz voice on, I guess, on the Hurricane game. And everybody that was in here, the entire sales department, every we all turned and looked at him, pointing the accusatory finger and saying, boy, talk about the podcast called the kettle. Turquoise. Who the hell are you kidding? Good to see. They're all still out there, man. It's great. You know what? Every single one of them, all the mistlets, all the chronic series is like I said, it's already the thirded June. I could say, you know, how many times did it pass? If I said it, I could sit here four hours every day and go, put on a boomba like that and it's still be there. And they'd be complaining about the tone of it. We don't like the tone of that. Like that. Do it like in a hierarchy. Like that. Yeah. You're laughing. I'm serious. I'm the thing that keeps this town going, which it isn't going very well, but at least if it wasn't for me, they would get a whole bunch of people out there and just have a minion. Stop deflecting your fat sausage fat. That was one of the best calls of all time. See this was worth while. Hmm. So anyway, Todd Rek finally brought me new copy for Fastrain. Well, he says it's new. Do you think this copy is new? No. You've heard me talking about the big one. Hey, in four short months, you can have a big one too. A big paycheck. Is this new copy? No. The same old stuff. The demand for certified computer professionals is through the roof. Pick up the phone and call our good friends at Fastrain 866 Fastrain. See, all he does is retipe the same stuff and pretend he's giving you new copy. He doesn't even put the name of the client on it. That's Todd Rek for you, man. A total washout, a failure. Some are classes are forming at Fastrain right now. If you call now, you can be certified in your brand new career before summers end and start making some serious money. Like me and the fat the Humper. Fastrain offers Microsoft certified instructors for convenient locations including the brand new campus and Kindle job placement assistants. They in even classes and for those people whose job was affected after 9-11, Fastrain's and Operation Paycheck Training Provider call Fastrain at 866 Fastrain. Now, or check them out on the worldwide web at Fastrain.com and then call them toll free at 866 Fastrain. Fastrain really and honestly can have you certified ready for that new career in as the performance when you call me sure and tell them that Todd Drek. That's with a D. Todd Drek told you to call 1-866. 1-800-497-9827. Go fuck your behind. Go back behind it again or under it. You can go back to the next episode. You can go back to the next episode. You can go back to the next episode. You can go back to the next episode. You can go back to the next episode. You can go back to the next episode. You can go back to the next episode. You can go back to the next episode. You can go back to the next episode. You can go back to the next episode. I think he's in a coma. Priest, I'm messing in confession. Tell your sins and they get erections. Just one other thing though. Who's gonna pull? Who's gonna pull? Who's gonna pull the balls at being gone? That's not the only thing I've got. I should read that tag for Brande's because twice screwed up. Here's the tag for the Brande's spot. We didn't get in there because he didn't give it to me in time. All this week at Brande's shoes is a throng one. How many got the pampino copy? Get outta here okay you skin head. You crazy sparks are you get outta here. And where's my goddamn food by the way? Where's my black sack? On the way? Yeah he's on the way to check it out. That's what Muff said. I ran off to Orlando. All this week at Brande's shoes served by a clearance sale. Great savings on all famous brands. Look for the red labels. Only at Brande's shoes in Pampino. This week. Thank you. Try better late than ever. He's okay though in my book. Troy's draft for these at least. To make some effort. Unlike you course's predecessor. Who's a real major asshole but had a much larger penis. That's what screw answered. Here's the facts from somebody who just to tag again. Just like Mote takes things too seriously. It's his three-hole calls and their cranks and cruddocks. Soft-forward is dead and you'll bury it and unplug the phone and you're way back to Toronto. I like doing this once in a while to prove my point about the phone's suck. I mean the phones are crap. We had an intimate stare. Of course we had Paul Harvey Jr. one of the worst calls. You expect to me say one of the better calls. Now here's something that's unsubstantiated it says. This might not be a good idea. To read this facts. And it's just for fun. Okay. It's just for fun. I'm sure. I'm sure that they all, you know who it's from. It's from fat boys neighbor. I mentioned that. So if Mote wants to blame anybody, blame fat boys because it's from his chronic neighbor David. Who's obsessed with penis is I should point out. This is I think the first facts he ever sent me that wasn't about penis is or Jeff I or about Jeff I's penis. And believe me if he's seen it, he's the only one. It says, Mo Howard was born on June 19th, 1897 in Bensonhurst, New York. A small, small Jewish community on the outskirts of Brooklyn. Mo's real name was Moses Horowitz. Uh, Mo's mother's name was Jenny Horowitz and his father was posting cutters Solomon Horowitz. Mo was the fourth eldest to five Howard brothers to a Mo's brothers, Jerome Curley and Shemp. Performed with him as members of the three stuages. Mo's other two brothers Jack and Irving never entered show business. Mo graduated from PS 163 in Brooklyn and it goes on a great length. Okay. And very poor taste David. You ought to be ashamed of yourself. What else wrong with you man? Too many meals with fat boy. Anyway, the poll already's got 23 votes on there. It's up how much you care about the language problem in South Florida, which I eventually will get into the story. And then Robert Steinbach, of course, another one of our residents far to experts, writes a whole column about it in the Harold War of Language is divisive. No kidding! No kidding Robert. Man, I'll tell you. He puts everything in a such great perspective. It makes me delighted that I'm back in town because I probably would have missed that column on a website. Their website is just crap. The Harold. The worst. First of all, when you go to likemimyhirl.com, then you get a menu. Then you have to choose like from the Miami-Herald, the Jewish-Herald, L-Herald, Harald Solomon, you know, all the other crap. Modern Harold. The ethnic group liberals love to hate somebody as facts me this. Michael Gonzalez, why guess I'm writing any more a colder? An old Jewish joke has two old men sitting in the cafe, one reading a Zionist journal and the other one anti-Semitic screen. The first two excoreates the second Jew who replies, listen, your papers full of Jews being persecuted. Their cemetery is vandalized in the synagogue's burned. Minds full of Jews controlling the banks of the media in Hollywood, so I like good news. This joke comes to mind when I see how the media trashed Cuban Americans over the alien Gonzalez affair. How come Cuban Americans are fair game for media barbs? It also explains why I'm taking more than a small delight in this attack on the ethnic group by sometimes after mind myself high-belonged, Cuban Americans can talk all they want about statistics that show comparatively high education levels a middle-class income after only four decades in America. To me, there's never been a bigger sign that Cubans have a seciden in America than the total absence of any political correctness in the whole alien story. And Yadiyadi, oh god. David Reef writes in New York Times that Miami is an out of control banan and republic within the American body politic. And then this guy, Michael Gonzalez, says, oh well, worst things could happen. In fact, I'd be more worried if the time suddenly found reason to sympathize with us. Another one of those apologetic. Excuse me, because I'm Cuban and I can't help it, and everybody's picking on us. Just like that thing about the frogs, they're Don Sherry and Wayne Gretzky during the Olympics. Oh, everybody hates the Canadians, they want us to lose. Hate to break the news, DA, but nobody gives a crap about the Canadians. The wonderful country I enjoy being there part of the year, and it's great, but nobody cares, eh? Sorry. So anyway, here's this story in the business section of Saturday's Harold, and this woman is holding up this sign, and she's got to look on her postman. You really have to see the picture. A look of just a- Sherry and hate are takes part in a protest at the Bell South Central office at 600 North West 79th Avenue West Miami Day. The company is reorganizing its call centers, language issued divides. Only multilingual Bell South Service reps will be allowed to remain in Miami. I don't understand if you want to speak English, what are you doing in Miami in the first place? If you want to be in American, what are you doing in Dave County in the first place? Do you make any sense to me? They didn't get the memo. No, you didn't get the memo. Is anybody considered Dave County part of America? What the hell is that? Oh, see, that's a wrong place again, yeah. Oh, that's a wrong spot. From- Oh. Well, I'm just- I'm just not used to this heavy duty stuff we have here. You know, I got my little, I'll make the Leaf Studio up there, which is a lot better than this one, by the way. Where the hell is that thing on here? Oh, here it is. Okay. Oh, that's not it. Where is it, George? Oh, there it is. No. I'll see, I never would have dreamed that. Anyway, it says the communication workers of America, the union represents workers in Bell South's Qualum Customer Service Center. Look at grievances to the street with a rally Friday, protesting companies plan to keep only multi-lingual customer service reps in Miami. As part of a statewide reorganization of its customer service in call centers, Bell South is establishing its multi-lingual call center in West Miami, date, 10 centers in Florida being merged into four and specific operations are being assigned to each center. Your remaining centers will be in Miami for a lot of Dale Jacksonville in Pensacola. Bell South said these plans were announced at the beginning of the year. The union claims that Bell South- how about that CIA by the way, huh? Andy FBI. Oh. We'll get to that. All these silly people running around waving their flags and singing their songs. What did I try to tell you, idiots out there, all you pseudo patriots, that they're taking tax money in their mission in a way right down the toilet and stick on the rest of it in their pocket? And between the FBI and a guy named CIA, they couldn't find guilty for Christ's sakes, even just by hearing his voice, they still couldn't track him down. That's how pathetic your government is. Anyway, the union claims that Bell South's collection center in Miami is being closed and collection reps who speak only English or being asked to relocate to the call center in Jacksonville, transferred to another job within Bell South or leave the company with no severance package. Like that, kind of like George was going to get here until mobile backed off. The union said some 50 to 60 workers could be affected. Yeah, that's the only reason you're still here by the West. Not because I went to bad for it's because he backed off because it was the right thing to do. Should I mail the thank you card to his house or stick it in the stick it studio, stick it, throw it into the confetti. When he comes into our morning, stick it. 9 minutes past 10 at 5. 16 WQM we already had Paul Harvey Jr. We had blind Mike on the phone. We had uh... You're gay. You're gay. It's gay. He was going to go in. And he was that was Steve. Oh, right here for Steve. Steve a gun man who can't like I said. Boboop, Boboop and second instead of. Like that maybe if I'm an alternate days like two sentences I go. Boboop, Boboop like that for four hours. They'll still listen. They just want to hear the sound of my voice. I'm the only thing that keeps them alive. Just the sound of my voice. You're their opiate. Thank God. So was it just a dream or was it like for real once upon a time in America speaking of that? 10 minutes past 10 at 5. 60 WQM, how's noodles doing? Noodles? I know. That was a great movie. It was a great movie not for the story because like I said it was a long way too long. But the characters were great. Yeah. Especially especially Brian Bloom with his blue eyes. How did somebody who looked that good at that? How old were you saying? Don't say it. I was going to say, hold, would you say it was a name movie? Two young. Sorry. Maybe father's stool knows. But I think he's Jewish. Any Brian Bloom, I'm pretty sure he's Jewish. Last time I checked. I don't know where any of these buttons are here. I hate this studio. I'm not, no, I'm not coming back here to October. I'm doing what? I'm doing these few days now and I'm not coming back here to the middle of October. I'll tell you that right now. But they like it or not. And that's what cracks me up about this place. These salespeople are all asking me like, they're clueless. They're clueless. How long have I had that schedule? How long have I had that schedule? How long have I had that schedule? How long have I had that schedule? How long have I had that schedule? For months? Yeah. It's been on the main calendar. Right. I'll be in the June, I'll be in Toronto. And then like the rest of the year, Till the middle of October, I'll be in Amsterdam. Then if they don't have that studio done in Amsterdam, I like whatever date that is, my contract, which I think is coming for a few weeks. So, which they don't realize. See in October. See, you, I mean, I'm a good thing for Boca Brian. Good bit. See you when I already did a C U in September. You can reach it. Exactly. In the can. Speaking of beds, mattress shopping is a total waste of time. If your bed is not doing right by you and your back. And there's one of the, I'll tell you, when I head my low-sacrilliac problems with that Thai food and the bed stomach. Very few things in life are more disturbing than bad backs. A back problem is a real pain in your old back. So if you want to get yourself a great night sleep every night, and improve the quality of your back feels. Get yourself a great new mattress from our good, close personal friends at Dala mattress. Like I've been doing for years, just call toll free. One eight-hundred mattress. You'll talk to somebody who really knows their crap. And his only job is to hook you up with the best brand name mattress in the University of Unbeatable Price. They got all the top brands in the world. They got certain, seemingly, Simmons and King Coil. And when you call Dala mattress, one eight-hundred mattress. You pick today and the two hour window for delivery. Seven days a week when it's convenient for you when you're going to be there. Also, you get that unbeatable, unmatable 30 day in home comfort guarantee. So you can test your mattress the only smart way by sleeping on and rolling around on it. So if you want to get an unbeatable deal, just sit there and pick up that phone. Make one easy call. It's the only intelligent way to buy you a great new name brand mattress in Unbeatable Price. Call 1-800 mattress and tell that old Neil told you to call 1-800-MATT-RES or check him out on that wicked world. Delphi-ch. The jolly marcho over night science, which radio 560. You a-you a-yan. Alright, this is G Gordon Lydia and they don't come any worse than Neil Roger. Hey, world, I'm back. No little thing about diarrhea. Just let it run its course. Holy crap, Susie. You got to do something about that diarrhea. Today, I did what was right from my body. Right, whenever a modium A-D can stop diarrhea safely and gently, often in just one dose, you may too don't just believe me. I agree with you and Greg says the mic Disney's full of crap. And they're all also said the party's over. That's my opinion. I'm like Disney. 1015 at 560, but Greg's got an fancy suit today, man. I'll tell him what to think about this guy. Every time I come back very briefly, he's got an a very expensive new suit. Good to see that. You come into wish your mobile happy birthday this morning. I did. I sure did. I'm not way. Did you hear that? Did you hear the few minutes we spent together on the other morning? Oh, maybe you can play in the tape. We had a lot of fun. We had a lot of fun and he took it personal again. He's often out of shape about it. I mean, I don't want to say he's all about out of shape, but he's-he just-you're going to have to sit him down and corner some day like a school child and explain to him. You know, put a little gunscap on his head and just say, hey, mode, this is the way it works. We're just having a good time here. It's entertainment. It's entertainment. I think he's a fun guy, but he just doesn't realize it. Anyway, be that as in me. So how's that pull coming 52 votes? How much do you care about the language problem in South Florida? Since things are changing so much here, not never going to change. Always going to be that same ethnic history. We got a lot of people who love to hate. And that's what this town's all about in Robert Steinbeck. For our language is divisive. Robert, man, he says almost 19 years in South Florida, and still my Spanish is only so so. Come see come saw. I'm sorry. What is that so so in Spanish? How do you say that? Come see come saw. Yeah, right. No, seriously, how do you say that? Maso menos? Yeah, Maso menos. No, not Maso menos. That's more or less. No, that's not. You know something, I think you're a fake. Hey, by the way, mode, it's okay to like George. He's not really a spiky's a fake. That's not how you say so so in Spanish. We'll get Miguel back in here. Come see come saw his French and how do you say that in Maso menos is not the, that's that more or less. Yeah, even a shuck like me knows that. Well, anyway, so we go sell it a bunch. You know, restating the obvious. Hey, Robert, there's the trash caners. You're article, okay? So the idea that I would tell us, yes it is. No, it's not. You guys have make believe. He's not. What do you mean he's not? He still has his assent. He has an ass, but he was born in Chicago, okay? Oh. And and speak of that since he was born in Chicago, how come he's got an accent? That's a good point. Good point. I wasn't born here. You were born in Cuba. And you don't have any accent, right? Even though you do mumble, but and he was born in Chicago when he's got an accent. I was reared in the hills. Yeah, and that's why you shouldn't go back. Probably we saw that in deliverance. That's when that baby said. But anyway, how come he's got an accent Miguel? We don't know. So here's this big article here. Let's see. How I interrupted myself. I'm sorry. Did I ever give the results or not? Well, Greg interrupted the show. Pop, pop, pop, pop, pop going out about the ratings were so good. And he just smiles like, you know, Mr. oblivious. And we thank you very much Greg. We couldn't have done it without you. Make no mistake about that. You're the guy who done it. This is already for Amsterdam. I said, yes. I should have said, by the way, if you look at the fine print my contract, it's his. You know, something he would have had a coronary. If I would have brought that in and showed him the data that has to be ready, which is like 13 days before they're even sending anybody over there. But I'm not going to hold him with that in my. I don't know. I don't know. It's certainly something to think about. I'm really sorry that you got so much heat that you took so much crap when he filled in with you want to show because I thought he would do good, but I guess not. I thought he did good. I thought it was pretty weak from what everybody said on the facts. Anyway, I'm just trying to keep him on his toes, okay? There's nothing worse than a Guido with a big head. That's what Luca Brotsie said. Look what it did for him. 54 votes. How much do you care about the language problem in South Florida? A lot. This is America speaking. Which 26 said that. Enough to avoid date counting as much as possible. Like the plague I guess, 16. That's what I'm going to vote for. Not at all. 7. I'm bilingual. So too bad for the rest of you. 5 wise guys. And there is no language problem. Guess how many people voted for that? None. None. None. Zero. Out of 59 votes. Zero. I don't have a problem. Everybody speaks English and Broward. That's what you think. Been to Pembroke Pines used to live there. Yeah. I've been speaking English in Pembroke Pines. Not any other sit-downos. Anywhere else I go. Unless you go to like cemetery, village, and you can't understand those old yids out there. Out to the mall. The Pembroke likes small. They're not speaking English. Sure they do. Who? Everybody. How about the saw grass? Don't know. Oh my, why should mention Jeff Cohen. Tony tells you got the sign up there. I'm told the new pizza lofts going to be opening by up by me there. I Walgreens. Also, he called in. Okay, Rob and back. And to it was that he's on balance for life. Carries the sack on the back of his motorcycle everywhere he goes. Jeff Cohen carries the sack wherever he goes. And it's black. And it's black. Well, I told him if he didn't cut the crap, it would turn black. Bad infection. He's got a bad case of the crouched crickets. Like what's in him says. That's what he's got. So the new pizza lofts opening on a quarter of Navhill and sunrise very soon. Like is it the end of June or July? Do we know? See now. Not quite a back. Stay away. Jeff, okay, you're a great guy. More power to you. But say now. And by the way, rumor wants a lot of free meals. I'll tell you that right now they're moving into their new house in Dave and Davey. Read real close by the pizza loft out there. The original one. No, why me not the original Broward one. And as a result, he better. He better put that into budget. He expanded that whole thing. Doing a little bit bigger mark up to compensate for all the females. The rumor family is going to be eating and their friends and acquaintances. Maybe they could get their own booth reserved. Yeah, with their name on it would be good. Jeff, for both. Well, he wasn't at one TV spot. Wasn't the on that spot? The one ahead. Yes, he was. Me and I think Davey Lamont was in there before he screwed some of her. She in the back. You remember that? Don't you? Yeah, I dressed in peace, our good friend, Sonny. Hey, Davey, you're not a bad guy. Even though you do fart a lot, but Jesus Christ, you know. That was very bad. That's why I'm playing on people. You're okay, because we like Dave Lamont. We don't like people. They would have a little pity. Boulder, okay? Who's taken at 940 to a level unprecedented. Is that incredible that they didn't break a one share in any demographic in any day part this time? No, I find it very credible. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. What did I say back when we first started on this station? And they were like going through rotating a morning people. And they had John Ford on there and Mr. Ego was on there and all the other crap. Well, speaking of crap, Norm, cats on FDL now. And I said, I was seeming to be they could put grandma Moses farting on here with that signal, and they still have to have at least a two share. At least a one share. Well, not even putting any real programming on there. Of course, they haven't put any real programming. They just open up a pot from Fox Sports and they put that crap on their all day. And they have no audience, including that Carly and Goon in the afternoon that the one God keeps facts me about. Having noticed this facts you had today. Thank God. Haven't seen a lot of facts is here today. Probably because all of this here's Day Freedman again about the vaginas. They've gone away, okay. This guy's a real pain in the ass, you know what? This guy's a real serious pain in the ass. Fat boys, buddy. You bug me Dave. No more facts is for the rest of June. Okay. You're on probation. asshole. Here's Paul who faxes. Oh, please don't read this on the ear. Oh, no. Well, let me read it off here. That's him. He's in. And I want to hear the reparation song. That's not what it's called. The rest of the Tucson song. What do we have that stuff here? Is it in the, I don't know if it's in there yet, but it's there. Oh, thank God for that. Top because I didn't bring any of that stuff back. I can't envision slipping my CDs back and forth. If you have any idea how pleasant that is every day, like if there's something that shows up the FedEx from broke a Brian or from one of our comedy services. And at the end of the show, I want to clock. I race into the living room and I pick up the phone. And there's the B people, which means I have a message is, and the concierge is on the have a package for you. Please pick it up at your earliest convenience. And I put on my little slippers and I wattle down the concierge and pick up my package. And there it is. Wonderful. Sensational. But yeah, you're going to lose touch. I mean, do you see George when you're there? Yeah. And then the idea how many people ask me that. What difference is a make of I see you? In fact, it would have been a tremendous bonus on that first spot this morning. If I wouldn't have been able to see you because you're sitting there all red and I don't remember about what, but I'll red in the face. Some mo crap, I don't know. And I'm trying to do my spot for I probably should give them a make up on it. All shutters. I think it was a great spot. Wait, wait, what's this? What the was that? Oh, I forgot to press the red button on the guy that impaged another page and assholes behind me there. But I never get that into Ronald. If the only extraneous stuff we had was that we had that fire alarm and that was exciting. I thought that was great radio. But I was really super loud. I don't know how it came over the air, but it was super super loud. That's a loud. Oh. But you could hear it. Yes. And it was a real fire alarm. They had something into parking garage and it turned out that it was a false alarm altogether. But nobody knew that. And it was great. But here it's like, you know, it's like the rest of the South Florida's boring. So my suggestion on you, budding broadcast is out there after you go to broadcast school. Is to go out there and, you know, do your take your show on a road spreading around. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pound we're taking calls today. Man, right up till one o'clock. What are you laughing about? I don't, I don't have that much throat. I mean, I have most of it back, but I don't want to like ruin it. I'm going to my doctor just to my new doctor today. Not doctor dick. I'm all done with doctor dick. What a jackass. I'm going to a doctor just for prescriptions that I need and from the blood test to see if I'm still alive. See how my cholesterol is doing on my lipids. I attended the day my good close friend Gary left doctor dick's office. That was the end of that boy. That was, that was a great thing we had gone. Didn't have to worry about seeing the doctor, which he's too important for me anyway. So I never did get to see him. Maybe twice a year. What do I never happened to my old friend Gary? Maybe he'll call in. He'll call you off to see him. The bat line. I bet I don't think so. No, Gary. I don't know. Gary just disappeared. He just vanished. Maybe he's too buddies that we're always talking about how they were always vusting his balls. Remember I met him on a plane the AMF and at that time? And they must have said that about a hundred times. But we bust his balls and we bust his balls. Yeah, we sure bust his balls, though. Gary, I hope you got strong balls because those two guys. It's all I talked about the whole plane trip was about busting your big balls. I don't care about Gary's balls because he very ugly guy. But the bottom line is I sure wish you I knew where to really was. Because I'd like to be able to maybe we can have Dr. Mark come in here and take my blood right on here. Remember that day? Yeah. Right in this room is a matter of fact. I'd be a regular feature. Came in here and drew my blood right on the ear when on the ear talked about his stupid ass band. I want to how he's doing Dr. Mark. Mark Leport. He's a good guy. He's all right. He has a few little peculiarities like most of us, but he's a pretty good guy. What do you mean he's all right? He's doing stuff. Remember he called up a while back? I didn't see what's in the doctor. I said he's a good guy. He's doing some other thing. Can't remember what he's like down the road somewhere here. Yeah. And he's the fact me chronically all the time. See now I'm inviting chronics like Dr. Mark. I'd like to hear from Dr. Mark. See if he's doing okay. And maybe one day like maybe when I come back in October and come in here and drop my blood, we could do that like once every three months. And then the audience can tune in see how needles cholesterol is about how my whole get the results on the envelope so that even you don't know and you can be the live on the air. Like a Mari show. Make a big deal. I'll play the fanfare. Mulk can come in here and like hope for the work crosses fingers. Hope that I'm cluster all over 400. It's just a radio show. It's a I just see the the only way I can put it is. He's fun and he doesn't realize it. You know what I'm saying? You follow? He's a character. He's a funny guy and he doesn't realize it. We have to convince him. He's a funny guy. Do you think it's gonna work? No. 1027. Philly's tomorrow from the vet in Philadelphia. I covered the ins and 630 on sports. We're new five, 6 and few a year. Hey, it's Howard. Howard David. David wants us to find a way. I'm a dead monkey. The reimbursing for back pay from 200 years ago. When they were slaves. When I only have a mobile home. A pitpone and a pinch of skull. So if you want to ask me how here's what I got to say. You've got to listen. Yes and nigger good morning. Okay. You tell them that you started for its labor, the mom. Yes and nigger good morning. And that's where everybody was dead and calm. If I was born a day, 1022. Oh, did it say something I do? But what for then? People did to you. I have to take the flying. When you see it all for an old time, the act. Right. With the can of spally, cherry, in fact. Instead of 40 acres and the view, I have a better way. You've got to listen. Yes and nigger good morning. And put on how it fair and bargain, Raymond to. Yes and nigger good morning. And after his intuition, more and save it, you. Yes and nigger good morning. And tell them that you're sorry for its labor and mom. Yes and nigger good morning. And that's where everybody was dead and calm. 1032 to a five 60 WQ. More and around the building is that after I walked out of that studio after our bonding with Moldus morning that he was a very psychotic and upset. That's where we're on the building. He just got to lighten up your panic, man. You're a screen. Happy birthday to you, man. I'm trying to make up make up. Make nice damage. And you know, just can't do it. CIA did not circulate dead about suspect official says. Newsweek reported yesterday the CIA identified two of the eventual hijackers, El Medar and now off Al-Hazmi. Immediately after they attended the meeting in Kuala, on poor. The magazine reported the CIA did not inform the INS or the FBI. The two alleged terrorists who flew to the US after the Malaysian meeting. It's a quote, an unnamed US counterterrorism officials are saying, the agency's failure may be the most puzzling and devastating intelligence failure in the critical months before 9-11. Thright, the CIA possessed disturbing information about one of the September of the hijackers months before it previously disclosed and couldn't have could have used that now to prevent him from renewing his visa under the US prior to the attack on a Pentagon of the World Trade Center. And it's just more the same. And like I said, you keep waving your little flags and running around playing all the patriotic music and talking about the wonderful president and how Sharpie is and, etc. And so on. And all the confidence you have in a government saying all of these things. I just don't understand it. 102 votes on the pool and guess how many voted for there is no language problem. 2. None. Oh. The big. See, I don't even know where the hell it is on here anymore. Big. Because I don't have my little box, my little square box up in Toronto or one in Amsterdam. And I don't need it to be honest with it. Can't tell. Now, of course you can't tell because, you know, I've got my fingers do the walkin. All over the place. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Look, I'm taking calls to want to clock here. I'm trying to give them the benefit of the doubt. What if I got one call flashed on there. I'm not saying George is answering him. He's not going to do that for you, okay? Got your mind. Crazy. Yeah. That'll be the first one. In the fifth one and the seventh one, maybe he'll call me your good friend. WQIM. Yeah, can you speak to me? Speaking. Hey, don't know. Okay. Welcome back. Thank you. You're okay. Joe has a good show. George is questionable. Yeah. Okay. He said, George has a good show and you're questionable. Joe has a good show. Yeah. And me and Mo and Goli this morning, what he means is when you two guys run together. So George, what's his name? Joe is good and you're questionable. Then this guy sounded like he's from New York. So he probably knows the Mo. 560, 560, pound, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Maybe drugs. You think that might do it to loosen him up a little bit. That's what I'm talking about. Exactly. Maybe you can bring some. In fact, I think that's how you can make that bond. That's right. Bring him in a good craft before that morning. Show every day. Loosen him up a little bit. George can be the supplier and just to turn into a lovely relationship. WQAM, you can sell it wholesale. QAM. Hi. This is Harvey FIST. WQAM. QAM. Hello. Hello. Yes. When you drop that belt on that particular spot, I laughed so hard. I pooped my pants. What belt was that? You're beautiful. Yes, I am. Thank you. How come we have no ladies? Welcome back to Miami for these very brief days, huh? They got to be out there. We were number one in persons for the month. So what does that mean? So I assume that means we had to have some women. We have a few women who listen to this show. In fact, you know, the facts is I have to commend the ladies have been very good in the facts. The guys, not a fact very nice. Ladies showed up at the appearance on Saturday to say that we listen to Neil. You know, that there's ladies out here that love it. Well, maybe they just don't want. They usually don't call on the screenless because they're outnumbered so bad that they can't get through. Understand that. Plus they don't have a good job of saying. Okay. You'll notice very few of the the only ones who are cranks are like Mr. G's girlfriend and who's the other one? Ken blocks girlfriend or whatever else he does in the neighbor or whoever he found her. His kidnipy and make you work, girlfriend. Oh yeah, right. WQAM. WQAM. Hey, how you doing? I'm doing great. Hold us now. Where you coming from? Airport. How's it going to be? Airport. Hello. Oh, yeah. I got back over there. Oh, you know something. Maybe I can keep this cough for like the rest of the year. You know, because I think it adds something to my life. I like it. Oh. Look at the color of that thing. Deep purple. Magenta rhymes with the enter. 567560. I'm 18. WQAM. Hello. QAM. Speaking. All right. Would like to speak to me, please. You're speaking to him. Neil, I think George is excellent. Yeah. George is very funny. Mm-hmm. And I don't know why people bag on him. Well, let me ask you this question. I mean, I'm delighted to hear that. But how do we get it? How do the conversation switch to George and Joe? Where did that come from? I mean, I did mention something about that. I have no idea. I'm tuning in late. And I just heard somebody bag on him and say that Joe was much better in all of that. Oh, that guy, yeah. Just adding like two cents. Want to say the George is excellent. Keep up the good word. Okay. Thanks a lot, pal. And have a great day. And the other thing. What else was I going to ask? Very important. And I'll just look my mind. Oh, yeah. I'm wondering if we have any crossover with the most show. I'm wondering if anybody heard that segment when he had me got. Because that was pretty early. That was like 730 this morning. Right. Because one thing about us, George and I, we get here real early in the morning. Although I noticed he's been getting here more and more early now. He's paranoid, but anyway, No, you already hear this morning when I got here. Right. We generally both get around like 710, 715. And sit around. I clip out my articles to read out of the newspaper. And you know stuff like that. And sit around and backstab everybody else in the building. You know stuff, but you know, goes on everywhere. There's the time I want to get here and the time I show up. I see. I actually show up when I want to. Well, basically, I show up whenever the hell and went over there. I feel like it. That's what I told Greg and he walked down here. And actually he was. He was Greg. Again, you know, great ratings. Look how the whole station did great. Like like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like somehow, the, what he's doing. That's the thing that may be about him. Like somehow, he's involved in being irresponsible for the, the loyal audience, we have a wide way. Let's thank our audience out there. We have no idea why you do it. But they're just through thick and mostly thin the last several months. with that the first team debacle and it just gone downhill from there and the audience likes it even more The audit like I said misery loves company is the model with South Florida I think that's why QA was gone through the roof. I think they like the surprise factor. Yeah from one day To the next they don't know what's going to be on so I gotta find out if we have any crossover with a more Howard show And if anybody heard that segment I did because I thought it was fine. I thought we were having a good time It was I mean I've been doing it for a hundred years and if I went in there to really attack the guy could have done it We have no reason to do it. It's first time is birthday We played backbook Greg ran out of here with the tape. Oh, well, he wants to hear it. I thought it was a lot of fun And then he made some kind of comment about you know radio people are switching the dial every 15 minutes I said only on your show It was a great line and I guess he took that personal I mean when you when you open up like that when you give me an opening like that and you expect me not to move in there, mole. What do you expect baby? Jesus man even even old salty saw the fisherman never threw as many lines as he was throwing out to this morning And I grabbed every one of them once wrong with that Sam serious I think if we could just lighten him up a few shades I think we could we could have a good time with him But he just he refuses to like he wants to be a staunchy old-name or caraga So maybe alcohol does he? I don't know. Probably a little man of shivots 24 11 at 5 60 WQM summer time is here forget about coming. Okay So to speak you need all the energy you can if you feel good in this heat and stay healthy And that's why olio men is a product that you're gonna love it'll help you feed your best and keep you in good health in South Florida No matter how hot and sulfur it might be outside olio men is a soft-yel capsule that contains pharmaceutical grade olive oil along with vitamins and minerals and rebels to protect healthier prostate For your heart and blood pressure your cholesterol too Olio men's got supplements to promote healthier circulatory system your digestive your endocrine system your skin and bones even your mind All using the benefits of pharmaceutical grade olive oil the best on the face of the globe and Only Ome's got products for men and for your ladies out there too. I'm sure we got some out there some ladies. Thanks. Oh, no We gotta have some Olio men's available right now at Walgreens including the one right there where Marcie's working right by where the pizza loss Gotta be opening on Navhill and sunrise. I just mentioned that in passing also at Whole Food Markets The viral pharmacy in Sedanos all you met as a stupidest and exciting new product a lot of folks You're talking about and popping in their post so if you like the information about a color tool free number And they'll tell you what it is and how it works and where to stick it call 1 866 Olio men That's 1 866 Olio men OLEO MED or to their products off their website Silence of the lamps and the producers of snatch comes the motion picture that completes the trilogy We now love I'm the scarth question Kind of cast me so far The world's most clear serial killer is loose again. You hear that? I'm coming to one Is this going to start you back on the case? You're so goody goody dining on human flesh once he was suddenly but now he's not beating around the bush That's correct. Universal pictures presents Hannibal I'm giving various his thought tweeting the old life snatch opening and theaters everywhere Then 43 at 560 WQM. What's that schedule look like looks like a sheet of paper with some names on it and sometimes One to three mad dog three to seven the Hank's doing the show at Chulos Hank who's on the fourth edge of the lie gonna be how old don't say it Well, that's right. He's not 62 yet. It'll be 62 on the fourth edge of lie And then we got her a cool hotline at seven Joseph Gacky at eight o'clock believe it or not. Oh boy Teta clock at said he can't overnight. It's Joan Mark who I hear that Mark's pretty good is what I'm hearing 128 votes on a poll and finally three assholes out there just to be smart asses said there is no language problem in South Florida anybody believe in it no no forget about it Look at this I just come back to these come over every day. Yeah, I buy that keeps got a son is today Fax list that keeps wasting our facts paper Cox a hoi so K rabbi with your stupid idiotic crap with your propaganda We want to hear from some people listen to the morning show who we're listening at 730 this morning when I was invited in there in the mall Howard show Get their feedback Or maybe just from people listen to the more Howard show to see if we have any across over You think we do 567 05 60 pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon line WQAM Hi, I wanted to talk to Neil. Oh lady. Let's hear it. How are you doing? How you doing? Good. Just wanted to know hey, have you seen the billboard on 595 for small bill? No Yeah, you're driving right down 595. I think it's near Pine Island and There's your guy staring right down here. Is he naked at least? They only show I think like from the chest up. I see. Well, that's good enough. It looks pretty darn good. Yeah So as long as you're here for a few days, you're gonna have to check it out tomorrow night 9 o'clock. Okay. Thanks. Bye. Bye Tom swelling a welling he's swelling on at billboard. I'm surprised he didn't do better with the Brittany For she might just tear her apart. Maybe that's what a lot of guys are afraid of well. He is Superman, you know, right? He might just rip her an ass 5 Oh There's so many places I could go with that, but I think I probably won't 567 0560 that hole let whole anal thing man. I'm just leaves me cold Let's do another one WQAM hello Yes, sir. How you doing today? I'm doing pretty good. How you doing? All right, yeah, I listen to you and Murrow how it over there. Yeah, you're probably fine. Yeah, I listen to them in the morning when I take the kids to school. Yeah, you have to apologize I call them first of all just to give you an idea He last week he was winding about the fact that QAM didn't have the paparirile news conference from both wherever he was on and He rented and raved about that for so long. My son went to the store team back out and said he's still ranting and raving like a girl He's like an old woman I called him on Friday because he's talking about baseball on baseball and steroids and baseball for two days I said I'm not for ready. I said talk about something else. I want to know you got the game seven the hockey game Colorado I had him explode there at the end when I went to when I walked out I said something about you know Like to run because it's the hockey cap. I said and he said hockey sucks He finally led out of the bag hockey sucks and yelling at all men other shape and so it's quick you a little bit Well, you was incredible. I said I don't want to talk to you. I want to talk to Gail But Gail the Jimmy a breakdown of the game You made a comment earlier right at the Friday morning. He says, you know the only genius Because they're talking about football people being called Jesus the only genius will be the guy who's here As cancer. So I said Hey Howard so that means John you know Sop was moron, you know, you only have time. Okay. What do you think have a great day? Wow here's a guy who not only can't stand mold, but who listens every day and calls him all the time and has all these conversations with him And wants to repeat all conversations on the show. I don't think so sir. Thank you very much, but I think we get the message On I wanted to find out as if people heard the thing this morning and if they thought it was amusing or if I actually attacked Well, whatever they thought, you know I don't want to hear a rehash of every conversation. He's a Yahoo who's head with though anybody else or with me 567.0 560 pound 560. How come I decided where the calls to that? I don't know. I was just in that mood I just felt it fitted the tone plus the fact that I still have all those mucus this flim If I had if I didn't have the flim and if my ears would open I'd feel great But I don't want that to happen while I'm here That should happen on a plane trip back to Toronto that would be appropriate because then you know It would fit right in WQAM That was that interesting sound. I haven't heard that a long time QAM hello Yeah, Neil was kind of like that bell sound. Yes, sir. Yeah. I listen to the seven men's point. That was probably that part of the show, man Yeah, yeah, I can tell you that right now and also I got a suggestion let's get off of Howard. He just don't get a man. He didn't get the thing by Tom Brady He don't get any religious switch to To Joseph Gackie man. Okay. Yeah. We just love that guy. We're in a clock tonight, baby Get your radio warmed up for it. Get your note-o's out in a clock tonight. We got two hours of Joe and nobody wants another Joe 560 pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line. I got a whole stack of stuff here But I think I'll save it for next couple of days Don't you I don't like I like the calls web sex things nets Sorry web sex. See I can't read today. I just knew it ahead of time web sex sting nets X-browered clergyman Really a former professor at Knox D.ological Seminary in Fort Lauderdale has been arrested and charged with soliciting sex from Maryland state Police officer who was posing as a 13-year-old girl on the internet. All right The Reverend Jonathan Gersner 44 now that's interesting because I went to school in Canada, they went to York And I'm sure there's no relation with a family their name was Gersner there was John Gersner who would be much older than 44 It'd be my age and then there was like David Gersner and I'll tell you one thing boy They were all a pretty interesting kids hot Real hot. What are you trying to say not Luke warm? Well, they were just good looking. I'm going to see that was great going to that school because they were like I'll go I'm you know I don't know what what it is, but there's just something about those kind of like farm farm boys corn fed. Yeah The Reverend Jonathan Gersner 44 was arrested May 21 when he arrived at a park in Bowie, Maryland outside Baltimore And said sergeant Thorny Rouse of the Maryland state police no relation to Bob Rouse used to play defense for the Leafs Gersner was charged with one kind of attempted second degree rape attempted secondary sex offense attempted third degree sex offense and using a computer to solicit sex from a minor According to Rouse, Gersner initiated contact with a true birth through instant messages and arranged to meet the birthday thought was a teenage girl in the at the park That's 13 He did bring his condoms with him. That's good. He was ready and we were ready. Rouse said. I wonder if they used them Gersner's been the main pastor at Inverness Presbyteria Church in Dunbalk, Maryland since April 2000 He began working into Fort Lauderdale Seminary in 1994 moved Maryland in 2000, which is good news for us get him out of here WQAM hello That's a guy at the chronic. Yeah, the one that's passed me this stuff about anybody likes hip hop Boring sir you're very boring And not only that what what is what is his taste in music? Have to do with whether he does a good radio show now, okay? A lot of people don't like my taste in music to you know what they can stuff it 55 see a lot of people out there first of all because it's partly in German not like that and then people like Georgia because it's too like syrupy You know, it's too like I don't know And I can like it plus plus defect there's nothing gay about banned or anonymous gay in homosexual Oh Anyway Greg was just in there having a great conversation with George which was distracting so he really heard that much of this song anyway Cause the Greg was going pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop I don't know I don't get this place. I just don't understand it Get a message on my voicemail in Toronto about three at three four weeks ago What happened? How it was oh great job on a book great book deal and by the way I'm firing a George Rodriguez Yeah, like an afterthought, you know It's a good thing. I'll back off. I'll tell you that right now. What do I send the note? It's a damn good thing he backed off because it was the right thing to do Yeah, man Oh Man, welcome to the QM playground you're at it Greg H. You even always in there sucking up and talking about Andrea but Chellia who ripped off the guy father? What was he talking about some of all fears? What is that it's this new movie that started I guess Friday Starting bad half like I don't know who's it. Oh starring Ben Affleck He's not in that what's I don't know what's that new movie bad Matt Damon Is in L. It's pretty interesting No idea maybe it's some of all fears no Don't sound like it to me somebody out there will know the new movie that Matt Damon is in effect Maybe it's already in the theaters. They've already seen it somebody will know 1056 and 560 WQM I noticed boy. That's how's the barmer we need to dig up today. Did they suck? And I say and you know, I could say that from Toronto where Amsterdam But I'm right here in the building and I see them in the morning. They suck you guys suck your week We got these gigantic even Greg is ready to build it. Oh my god. Look at those numbers and you were number one in person 2554 I said yeah, so what of a schmuck? What about it? I can read the numbers. I don't need you coming in here with your bro's brother suit tell me about I'm number one Do we need him coming in here? Tell us where number one? I do and so what did most say when he came in here? See there he is pumping you for information again happy to give it to him if I had it or was that just part of the To enlighten him about the the conversation on the year. I don't know I see I see 1057 at 560 WQM where we're like having a big party and we got like some people in the building But I understand it's a party. It's a party. Have a good time. Let's you're here down. Don't take yourself so goddamn seriously That's my point Jesus K and Christ and one other point to soccer sucks boring is hell they can call it. It's just like the thing with the Olympics like with figure skating It shows you how many millions of people get sucked into the hype Now granted there are billions of people in the world who are in the soccer because it's their thing they can't help themselves But the rest of you people out there wouldn't go to a soccer game if they gave you free tickets and a $50 bill and a six pack of beer And they could picture a Brittany who'd help you kid, huh? Oh well, it'll be yeah like you care Who gives a crap it's boring as hell but because it's hyped it's the cup maybe on an anesthesia is gonna be releasing her album And remember I played anesthesia last year Right I forgot what it sounded like she's got a song called boom which is like remember what was the song that Ricky Martin did for the Olympics Like five years ago Living La Vita the little cup what that was that thing called La Vita loca no That wasn't La Vita local was it? I don't know but you know the one I'm talking they all sounds Was the theme from the world cup what she's got one is that one good yeah, right I'm sorry about the llama Maria Would you quit it I'm trying to figure the song I don't even know when to have to dump button with a spik in there, you know I think language is a problem 1058 at five 60 WCM is no problem. They speak your language at Hall of Pontiac down here in South Day I'll guarantee you that right now because Tom Hallard no matter what language you speak even give you a little sign language I mentioned my name. He'll give you the high sign. It's Hallets off the wall in voice sale going on right now Stop by Hallet Pontiac GMC 13401 South Dixie Highway that's on US one right across from the falls where the lowest sale prices marked right on the invoice on all 2002 cars and trucks and stock choose 1.9% financing or up to a 3500 dollar rebate Check out the complete line of GMC SUVs including the envoy voted by motor trend as SUV the earplust see the all new Vibus UV Bimes got the power of a sports car just a fraction of the price Hallets also got a great selection of it's a great select. It's is here nice copy time They got a great select a pre-owned cars trucks and sport utility vehicles to have been turned off Equiped at some other bogus car dealer don't worry about it because the Tomling and make sure you get sign up for deal at Hallet Pontiac GMC Don't forget it's the big one. It's the off the wall invoice sale going on right now as I speak at Hallet Pontiac GMC Oh, I didn't see Bob Eisenberg 1.341 South-Dixie Highway that's on US one across from the falls open every day of your life 7 days a week you can call him a 305 2.3 840 and make some cost to come out of a Bob Eisenberg's hairpiece while you're at it 305 2.3 840 Hallet Pontiac GMC we are professional great 899 999 Anybody have a heart or a liver coming up tonight on inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story We take a good hard stiff look in the start of he was an Indonesian born of Dutch parents Who had his only hit with a remake of an American song which you record in Germany was this guy F*** up or what we're talking about taco I love him, but it's extremely hard to find information on taco indeed our own search for taco proved Fruits and till it finally bore fruit in Jim who runs the only known taco fan website in the world I want people to know they don't have to be ashamed to visit my site if you love taco You found a home here Jim also runs taco support groups for the miserable hideous freaks Who actually copped a liking this crappy singer and his crappy song hi My name is Beth and I'm a taco fan Hi How do I explain tacos contribution to this whole Oof of synth pot versions of Irving Berlin tunes Where are you taco? Please let us know where you are and Did you listen to this? I just want to thank you Oh then please click on the links to my sponsors help keep my website free What a bunch of crap give me the young Frankenstein version any day if you're Loaned you don't know where to go to why don't you go where fashion sim That's better. It's a big juicy softy wet look at show business tonight on inside of the hide Wasn't that team welder? I love jean welder. It's all I did like Rosanna Dana better It's 1103 at 5.60 WCM not that we have to make a choice now. I'm gonna tell you right now. I'll show that they hated that song I played missing you by a bottle of adrenaline which I love and the video and everything else But at any rate Bompunk MC remember the first one that I played what was the name of that I forget that even but it was great Freestalers freestalers right Brehead well I have a new song which I was playing this morning, but you were busy dealing with something that called live your life And if they were playing that on p ym See Disney you have no clue you just have no you have no idea where the music is that that's your probably playing the same 20 songs over and over again I could program that station in like in five minutes It songs like this and I could play but I won't cuz this audience don't want to hear music, but nevertheless I could and put them right out of business Don't you like that that was fine. It is great and Their stuff on here like milk incorporated in your eyes which they don't even know about milk ink they even know that group exists That's the problem with you Disney maybe you need a new pro i music director I don't want to get involved in here with that whole kid's Kirby business because you know they got their own problems. They play all that bro music 567. Oh 560 pound 560 here's a stupid fact. This is dumb I have two requests. It's it's soccer time. How about playing that bit with it? You're making lady talking about soccer I have no idea what you're talking about you Wasn't it a voicemail Did you make a lady talking about soccer? No, you know what it was a phone call Tootsie and her and then we made a promo out of it. Oh Also, there's another bit with a prank phone call to lady tell your husband is cheating on her He's talking about spousal arousal which is burnout badly the answer sir is oh absolutely not sucker 567. Oh 560 boys you don't have much crossover with that morning show do we no Not at all that one guy heard it and then he went rambling on for like about a half an hour Everybody called he had with mo and he reminds me of River that guy You know he did that again yesterday on the phone You remember you could tell he was wounded because I ripped him last week about listening 24 hours in this radio station And then belly you can about it and then he's yesterday did the city He says well I guess I should lose my radio. Ha ha you know like try to make a joke out of like he was wounded and then like two minutes later He goes in with thing about well most said this and most and he's quote in a whole radio station again It's amazing how many people we have out there who hate all of us on his station or most of us and they can quote chapter in verse every god The M thing that everybody on wqam says morning noon and night. It's amazing to me. It's astonishing Wqam Yeah, I just want to tell them movie Born identity. Oh, that's the one with med Damon. Yeah. Did you see it? No, it's not it's not out yet. It's coming soon. Yeah. Thanks a lot. Okay, bye That Damon's coming soon Scored score it post by you get the tiles 567.0568. We're gonna ask me the other day. Oh, that was on Friday the first poll that I took About overrated people it look a bit overrated Have no talent and he looks uh okay That Damon yeah alien bulb is said Let me see it again. He looks okay. All right. You can have it Okay, Wqam Thank you very briefly. I'll be gone before you know it Glad to we can have this time together. I want to I want to mention that you're you're running too spots on your show Which I don't think anyone knows that they're running at the you're not talking about that one that I heard in the first hour by the way Which I'm looking up right now that what is it called promise keeper? Yeah promised keepers what the What is this sales program and next thing will be doing the the Christian Sia the Scientologist stuff on your rum Hubbub I'm really surprised it's the promise keepers who they were on your show They might have to do a sacrifice or something yeah and also the stations running a bunch I guess their PSA is about Black school for dis-managed blacks who need they are not PSA's They'll be spots are paid spot all their paid why do you think we're putting them on there? That's true again. That's the really strange that you played a reparation song and then there's spots where where black people can take their kids that aren't doing well. That's called equal time Equal time I understand it won't they'll grab the here you back live in the studio down here Now let me ask you something how different does it sound? See that's what I told you yeah, it's like when you're running up from Toronto It's it sounds like you're there in the studio. Sounds like I'm sitting right in your lamp. That's that. Okay. Have a great day See there you go. I rest my case. Oh, it's gonna sound bad the technical cry. I remember that first day or two And you were getting all bent out of shape because people were calling in people around a building and you were you know letting them influence you But you remember that no I do Say it what say and then it didn't sound right and that there was a delay and that you call it a problem that I had that wasn't done You're bugging me that hold the late thing that first setting the way they had it sucked well that only went on for one like two and a few months That's our engineering department baby. They are the best Hey all you overweight people all you fat slabs out there We know they're plenty of you we want to welcome back our friends at the lights of west spokeo we have to get into a bathing suit this summer The lights of west spoke is the oldest and largest low-com superstar low-carb Superstore and South Florida God I wish I get all that yellow stuff out and the official act in diet center. Well I make purple one again Diedies and amazingly these day. You know this copy that he wrote here for the lights is the worst piece of crap I've ever seen in my life. You know come back here and sing Peter Leonard. Maybe that's why I'm having a relapse I was doing really great over the weekend and now all the flim is coming back and I started feeling a little headache He it's either this room here or sing PD Lenny two or three times already this morning Anyway, dieting is amazing these days because with the interaction of splendour a lot of these diet products have dropped the sweeteners That were harsh on your stomach and cause you to be spent in most of your days on the bowl Right the lights of west spokeo carry thousands of that product supplements vitamins that books everything You need to lose the pounds you thought were so hard to get rid of diet The lights also carries largest socks of bakery products like pancake mix Brad's cookies cheesecakes brownies muffins and it clears and the lights also carries low-carb and sugar free products like Pasta sauces ketchup crackers candy champion like chocolate and their famous carbolite ice cream Head to the lights of west book and try before you buy taste anything the store for free before you make the purchase The knowledgeable staff at the lights will put you on a right path to getting skinny. Why's that door jar? Did it which just come by and turn our door into a jar? Call one eight seven seven low-car maybe Tabitha did it there. She's trying to put on a spell to save Timmy and by the way nice to see normal back on passion. Oh, I'm sorry Peggy Call one eight seven seven low-carb or check out low-carb.com on the web of course You can visit the store on the northeast quarter a blades rodent 441 in book and please tell them that P.D. Letty Sit you buy the lights of west book your official You Yeah, for years long. I'm here bring back some real good memories Let's see here's a bunch of crap about to somebody lost the money in the stock market no thanks Market say another dump today. I did first in I'm out of it A fool is money are soon part of that's all I'm gonna tell you if you want to go you know get touted I want to get sucked in here stories about some Arab chic is just gonna buy 40 million stars shares a zerox or some other bullcraft be my guess Just have a bonfire in your backyard just burn it you'll have more of a fun time and in a police will come in You know you have a big timis over at least every summation Here's a facts from chronic Mike Faxer Welcome back to symbol all fears stars Ben Affleck and saw he saw it over the weekend. He says it was more frightening than entertaining The storyline was not as great as the scenes were thought provoking the thought of the US and Russia being only a cabinet members Confirmation away from an isolation will make anyone shmit He says I'm sure there's a laxative cheaper than the press of admission all the best from our friend like the chronic facts here in Miami. Thank you Mike So it's there's been Affleck Which you also don't think he's a good actor. I think he's pretty good fly Non-descript Exactly, you know something you could say the same thing about a Humphrey Bogart flat. I didn't like Humphrey Bogart at all One good something you are you are a communist. I'm gonna report you rest a little bit call Formuses I think you're gonna put you repack on a rebel rat clean all the rest of it didn't care for and you know something you're right Oh, he was always the same right you know over there I mean I mean I satdle I with my 18,000 channels in empty room. I get to turn her classic movie got classics two of the two different ones And I love a lot of those older movies But the last week that I was I get it was only in there like nine or ten days nifty, but I guess during that week They were running Bogart and Lauren Bacomovies, which they made several together and He's always the same right with everybody. He's the same drinking yeah Posing kind of like I see Robert D'Niro even though people think he's didn't he went when our poll Like more people would have been a scene movie that he was in then anybody else. I don't I don't agree with you He's always the same but he's become like like everything else he the he won't turn down a job anymore D'Niro and he does the same thing in every movie as opposed to like Robert D'Uval who takes every character and is Great no matter what and what he's playing like in the great Santini and then in the network and The godfather time he can you have to see a apocalypse now just up until he's not in the movie anymore And then you can turn it on up until the Robert D'Uval. Oh, Jesus how many pages are there with his craft first they lose us Oh, I don't want this horrible story by Jonathan King about the oh I don't want it We don't want to depress him Monday. Okay. We want to have a little fun here today That's why I played the anything just lined it up a little by me You can't help but laugh even though he's sick. He's twisted. He's pathetic We got his name is phone number is shoe size. We got him by the balls and he still doesn't care He can't control himself He's a sick puppy. We've given him an outlet here on his show Then of course the mad dog who just don't get it. He's got the Eddie Jr Oh God anyway 560 we're taking calls today for some reason. I this may not happen again anytime soon Certainly not for an entire show 190 votes on a poll How much do you care about the language problem in Sant Florida? I've surprised me. I haven't had a lot of women calling in about that Screaming in yelling hysterically speak English god damn it In fact, that's leading the way and that is surprised A lot this is America speaking English 95 votes say they care a lot They're pissed off and fired up Especially it all you spicks George 99 votes say that 50.2% Enough to avoid date County as much as possible 52 that's what I voted Not at all 23 I'm bilingual so too bad for the rest of you 16 screw off and there's no language problem 7 7 Comedians said that after I dwelt so long and I think about none it could have stayed zero But we have some people out there who just like to you know shove it around QAM I'll tell you one thing nobody's ever got to accuse you of originality sweetheart You know after all these years yeah, he finally got a laugh. Yeah, that's right Because probably of all the people that have ever called to show even mr. G. I mean any of the most anxious people on a face of the earth There's nobody more obnoxious than Woody He'll be on there too by the way. I don't care. Remember I told you that the day that I was leaving when we were working in the abrefully in the packs and building there in Hollywood And I was driving out of there And income because we were on an off of that little side street down there by work coxes and I'm driving out of there and here along comes a car and it got pulls up He looked like you know some smuck any smuck and he rolls down to where no, hey, Neil I look like it's you know some was there. I'm Woody And I thought he's an asshole wow Wow WQIN Yes, sir Hello Hello I got that in time tonight. Yeah, sure after the first two letters. Yes, I did he just said yeah Right George and answer in the phone. Okay. I'm taking it away as they come okay just relax What we've had these people off the phone thing for so long and now I've got this I like it this way Got them under defensive. They don't know what they're screaming Rita or Peelabana 560 560 pound 560 on the AT and T and Verizon line I'm sure that some of the sports producers are running around good all of the on Neil's taking calls today. It's great Remember that day. Yeah It's not great. It's just a little release. It's a little release. It's a little release. It's quartz quartz. Yeah, it's different Kind of like your calls different Not like this place different Oh look at that that was kind of different WQIM Now you know a punch it because the arrows on it. WQIM I just want to tell Neil that so-so in Spanish is I see I see I see I see Correcto. Thank you. Which is grossius. I see I see now how come he knows that and that guy didn't sound like a Julio to me sounded like a Schwarzger Did not he might get he did send a little a dark About three shades of darker. He knows him data county and he knows survival span. I think now what would be wrong if we like started in breeding the whole Human race and everybody was like about to shade like Malcolm and Halle Berry How can we do that how can we didn't put that on there? Oh well, nobody knows who what's his name shamar more than no No, it is that really Well there were a lot of people on the poll Friday that people didn't know who they were they didn't know Billy or Warlock And a lot of people still don't know Tom welling if they don't watch smallville. They would know Tom welling from Orso fee of regard Not nobody knew who that was I and like I said and I know question If they saw the pictures that you got there of whatever her name is Sophia Vergara Why forgot to take the camera off the camera the calendar off the wall. I got your calendar covered up you asshole So that's not the calendar That was a first it was that Sophia yeah messed up. It's just on a floor like we're gonna have a little bit and crinkle And go to get stepped on and mess up my calendar with those identical twins and you're the one of all people that took the poll Identical twins right about fantasizing about having sex with identical twins and it wasn't thinking about You think that that well I was What do you think I was thinking about so fear Vergara? I don't think so no not this old fact I'll see there there we go again with that the gate banter You and you're the one it inspired it. I was just doing my thing and you inspired all the gate banter again Blame George So I guess the deal is with Greg as he came rushing in here to find out because because you do understand that if there was any bad feeling about that appearance on a Malgreen show this morning. I'm all Howard that you're up for being canned again. Yeah, this is gonna there's no end of that I know that's why we have to keep it in other words. It's not like we resolved the problem We decided that it was all frivolous and there's no scent and even though he backed off He can always put the pressure on again. See So another is if I do something that pisses him off or even if Miguel does something that pisses him off You're the one that's gonna be on the line to get fired again So just keep that in mind while you're eating your next meal and smoking your next five six seven oh five 60 All right, and you know something I gotta go on buy some good cigars when I get back up in Tio It's so pleasurable to be able to sit there in a morning with my little ash tray Smoking whatever now I want it's great Don't have any assholes right around. Oh, it's a non smoking bill because it happens to be a smoking building Why don't I live there? It's my joint my place WQAM Yes, man. Hi, I was running if I could get on the air with Neil you run right now Oh, I am yes, man sounds like me I just want to tell my totally agree with him about people needing to speak English when they come here Uh-huh and They should stop what everybody in They should stop a man as in right now Okay, when it down turn around and said about okay. Ask the cameo of he this 560 50 50 60 what I tell you she didn't even know who she's talking to but we have women as soon as you bring this up Let's get say any paint now come on. Let's talk about those killman. Let's get any shape or in here I didn't start this. It was just staring me there at the paper Saturday. I thought to myself I'm back here again All the good old ethnicate every excuse to hate this one hate that one They won't speak at a goddamn English who cares who gives a crap Does it bother me that all those such people? I mean most of them knowing this because they have to take in school But not all of them and if they don't learn who cares There's certain things that are like universal. You know have to speak the same language Right what are you talking about like this like this finger for example? Oh Oh, those brits. I guess I already talked about that about the burly brits at all. Looks like there rugby players. Oh, they're just They're nauseant and we have people out there. We have a lot of brits who lived on here And I can understand why you left your country that Dutchman at Hansda calls this and maybe that was him before I don't I have no idea why anybody Would leave a hole in and come here. I mean I can understand if they're like work study or here like to blow off some buildings or something like that But I mean I for they life of me. I can't imagine why anybody would leave there and come to live in this country That would be like leaving Canada and coming and coming to live in the US I can't even imagine that people do it all the time People come for jobs right because the pay is better and it's not that crappy Canadian money and it isn't the Arctic Tundra Well, let me ask you this how about Chicago and New York and Boston? Do they have what is their weather and different from like to rot or Montreal? Nevertheless the snowboard principle people leave you no no no no no no no I'm not talking about coming here for the weather I'm talking about coming here permanently People who leave a country just like retirees that come here and stay here. I don't understand to either but they do Well, do you do understand this is God's waiting room? I do understand that. I don't know why Oh Like hand bank ruffs said when we get old we all go to Florida and wait to die and that's exactly right 217 votes on that survey and 107 that's 49.3% say they care a lot about that language issue here in this town this problem This is America speaking was God damn it and lose that accent Miguel or most going to get you fired too He don't like specs. I'm telling I just I should ask him about that I guess it's probably just as well that I didn't 27-past 11 And I just had that one guy he's the only one who heard that segment that's not a very good omen is it as far as our crossover with the Mohourcho That was the only guy and then he was terminal anyway he kept recounting those other phone calls he made them oh He was worse than remember that guy Were the worst well not worse than remember 27 after the hour five 60 WQM if your carpets are in desperate need of getting some cleaning and looking just like brand new and still spring time time to get the spring cleaning done One of the best things to do is pick up that phone call the dry concepts people because there's a best anywhere at any price and With any method and they had that exclusive patented the dry cleaning method Nobody else in a world does it. They're the only ones who use this method to suck out even the deepest down dirt in the five is your carpet the same idea That they used to dry clean your clothing and dry concepts technique is the best way to clean and protect your carpets Because your color stay more vivid and vibrant. They look just like brand new. They smell them any fresh They feel soft to the touch and there's nothing like when it feels soft to the touch I've been using them in my home for years and believe me using the first time and any time you'll need a carpet cleaning You'll call on dry concepts So don't be fooled by those five 99 specials of the eager any of your carpet sok for two days because with dry concepts And just a couple hours after you finish the job your carpets are drying you're ready to rock and roll again Treat yourself in your carpets to a spring cleaning day called dry concepts They'll ever let you down. Don't forget to written guaranteed price before they start the work in Broward call 9 5 4 370778 9 5 4 370778 and data Palm Beach call 1 800 248 5071 1 800 248 5071 clean today and You You You Runs the girls don't sound so hot you should be on your way It's easy just go fly You the onion you're in a tube is waiting You're all you have to do is go hop on You Put out a lot and head yourself and see how to your mind So go back to your vana It's only nine in miles So go back and see cash drop But are you on your brand new while of US and a tube? Cuz you've loved In a tube So go back to your It's so close you can see Your dirty and both grandmas In that fun You're on just think of myself. I was like Joe was in the morning. You know It's on the 31 at 5 60. No, I'm thinking about that didn't know you were witness to it Didn't the beast come in here and say since he produces on that morning show that they invited me that They wouldn't and he invited me to come in here and be on a show with a mole and wish him a happy birthday Which is very self you know grandize he would nevertheless and He invited me to sit down. I went in there and I wish to happy birthday during the break We had that in simple conversation about how he you know He didn't get you can and he backed off and did the right thing and all this other idiotic crap and then as I was starting to walk out He's not sit on our chicken to sit down and he put me on the air I didn't crash their show they invited me to be in on that show You follow what I'm saying? I followed it all the way through. I don't get it. I just I don't get that man is nothing Funky right little fun. I thought we just had a little fun and If we didn't have any fun tough crap So what did I tell you about this thing with bell south now? That's the right I read about the from the business section here is Jill Who says I just called bell south and canceled my extra calling services on my two phone lines These services include call waiting three way calling etc. Those services add up fast. I'll be saving 41 40 a yearly savings $496.80 and my voice has been heard I'll also be sending a copy of my cancelases to Joseph Lacher Lacker LACH here on high pronounces it Bell South President of Florida and Hilda gear VP of marketing I encourage others to do the same I hope they'll be able to read my letter as it will be an English only sign Jill a militant bitch Well guess what you'll when I get home this afternoon. I'm gonna call a bell south in order whole bunch of new services Just to cancel her out see what I'm saying yeah I'm gonna order like three way five way calling And another phone line for my fax machine order up a party line and a party line for party radio You got a review of that. That's right. I already played that one How come we didn't have any comment about band owner naman? Bonn in the USA is the outm even get in the US by the way their website is VO and in the USA Bonn in the USA Do you remember the videos I showed you last year? Yeah, they were great the one with the where he was dancing naked with the none and Run around with all his naked chicks in a Catholic school and it was great he is great But in any rate we don't want to overdo it because we understand that there's a little bit of German in there and people are very I've gotten about language although I guess now you know something maybe if not a language problem maybe it's just a Spanish problem Maybe they don't mind if you speak a little bit of German even a little bit of years is in Cox a hoist stuff like that like I do when they show or a little bit of Dutch I think the problem is when Spanish becomes the primary language in a lot of places and People feel left out. So I think the problem is there's just a lot of hate. Oh, that's it I Think that's what it is plus plus of course the business is using languages a weapon which was in at article Using languages a weapon. It's very common both ways and wrong yeah, well like on the elevator with those part of power 96 assholes I find it very amusing to see this thing going back and forth between power and party Because they both suck They both absolutely suck the music on both stations is garbage I'm not saying that once it's a great wild by accident either station hasn't played a good song, but that that's only by accident That's like saying that a guy who can't sing worth you are a crap, you know occasionally doesn't hit the right note Once it agree while That was that a Part of song oh Well, I got all kinds of stuff on here Even alcazar all you queens out there You know from alcazar no they're from Denmark To eat its own you know when I want to start playing music here do we why not not Put those assholes right out of business 560 pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon where a lot of 100 plays it while I would 100 plays the calling who was that? Miguel oh, I'm a girl. Oh, no, guess what was her kind of guy? Now do they know where they're from they're American the calling it's an American group right I guess No, no, I think about them, but it's a one 100 I need to do why I don't listen to a radio here. I listen to us on a way home every day Listen to the mad dog if I'm in a car later. All listen to Hank Come and work this morning. I listen to Mo and then he repeated did you where you listening then when he repeated the same stuff to me That I heard him say coming in about what that was out of a I forget what it was He gave me back the same sucks. Oh something else something about since Jimmy Carter was a hasn't that a oh? He was at the ballgame with his wife yesterday to Marlon game and he sat next to two big fat guys He went and had a bath since Jimmy Carter was president I heard him say that when I was driving in then he gave me the same Same line when I was sitting there. Well, you know the radio audience Well, then that's right. That's when he said that thing about this which every 15 minutes And I said only on your show five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a t and t and Seriously, I'm not exaggerating. I'm not being sarcastic I wish I could lighten him up because we could have a lot of fun, but it's obvious to me that it's like And the pride of who I blame Greg Because you can see already Greg is listening to the tape and what did you say when he came in here You know if you'd stop treating this man like a child it just turns 72 today for Christ's it's his birthday Stop treating him like an overgrown child. Treat him like a man like a mish If you know what that man Greg what you don't you silly guy Instead of treating him like a little baby. Oh, he's upset again. I tough crap. Okay changes diaper and look at the craft Greg Now I blame Greg. That's what I blame Of course you're not in any position at this point since you job as so tany was In fact when he was in here. I don't want to tell you be said what you think so I forgot your today. I said sure He's stupid 21 till noon now where where are you playing that off of DCS oh it's in there. He's D- oh Oh, that's in there with the mad dog or the angry puppy. I didn't realize we handle that stuff like stupid. Oh, yeah See I don't have that in Toronto. He's a problem with George. Yeah, he's stupid Stupid stupid stupid stupid I love this if I didn't know that I'd have played this for four hours today stupid stupid stupid Ha ha 21 till noon at five sixty. I think this had cool defecting my don't blame me. Okay. The audience out there don't blame me. I'm just a little under the weather Plus plus the your corporate diseases in this studio. So being back in here is not to me any good my heads all filled up Hey, let me tell you about a great place where they know their head pizza law that's suggest special isn't Getting receiving giving thinking about That's old Jeff Cohen with the black gull's Now what did what was that you were talking about before about black balls black sack. Oh black black sack Well that's the same thing is that just running around on his bike with his little black sack every day And when you go into pizza love say hey Jeff how's your black sack? He might even show it to you Wouldn't surprise me that's a kind of guy here Now my supposed to talk about the new place opening soon or not. I guess it's done in the copy And he never called you back and said what month they're opening Anyway, every Monday like tonight is eggplant night at the pizza loft every two days What is it? Lezani night is Monday and Tuesday's eggplant night by one of these dinners on these nights get the second one for only five bucks Wednesday's kids eat free with a dulce conceded Jeff save as magic show and his black kaboks his black sack Through the his bike night at the loft come on a motorcycle by one dinner get the second one for app price because Jeff loves his bike your buddies Pizza loves got combination dinners You try a little bit of this and a lot of that they give you a big big fresh portions Everything is delicious just phenomenal garlic rolls dripping with garlic three different kinds of great pizza They got the veal and chicken and seafood calzones super subs. Jeff's got it all to pizza love big big portions And like I said prices so small you and a whole family can keep coming back over and over again Don't forget they're located the original a Broward Pizza law found between them I'm University between Griffin and 595 right next to Nova South Eastern and right beyond peer when imports a kitty corner The Army don't care if they see how we're gonna work that back in fourth like and yeah a little cross promote there Why it'll not for a take out or delivery or have Jeff cater your next affair just call nine five four nine One six eighty eighty a bunch of Jeff's cater lot of affairs nine five four nine one six eighty eighty No forget the new pizza loves gonna be opening late in the summer over there by a Marcy at Walgreens Navhill and sunrise in prestigious now is that that's Plantation See to me I want to say something I was talking about that this note not definitely not sunrise sunrise is further west like where the yam all is But I want to say the acres but to me the acres is like west of where hideous road and sunrise starts that's the acres So it's like out by One two 16 Yeah Singer Dion Warwick was arrested at Miami International Airport after a routine baggage scan discovered 11 marijuana cigarettes Jamdener lips that case beyond what did you plan to do when you got to the security checkpoint? When you were stopped by officer Alfred McGillan what did you say? Oh And the on Warwick who do you normally smoke pop with? Some sources say you were carrying the pot for Whitby Houston is that true? When do you usually get high So would you say you've been smoking pot for a long time? This warwick sign papers guaranteeing she would return for her day in corn Me two fifty and a half till noon at five sixty no truths A Reeth or Franklin claims tabloid defamed You're bad you are really brutal you could see the looks on his face every time I mentioned anything to do with that I'm not a bad guy. Oh, good guy. Yeah, all right. Oh Scotty Mack stupid. Yeah Grammy award winner you read through a Franklin is doing the star tabloid for defamation over story that said the singer has a drinking problem at String her career in life The lawsuit is a rebuttal at everything in the article is false Franklin's lead attorney Barry Beelangbert of Los Angeles said Wednesday You know Barry you stupid Literally millions of people read that garbage people believe what they read in they the publishers sell a lot of copies of that crap Who would read a thing like this star you stupid? Yeah, I read it In fact, did I read a story from the star already this morning? The one about Al Pacino and the godfather. I love that story That was a good story Yes, it was about how the MGM was forced to release him over to Paramount they made him an offer. I couldn't refuse about the MGM grand What was the guy's name not Jack or Vorky and something close to that Mo green, Mo green the star story quotes unidentified inciders and pals of Franklin's 60 who said they were worried about her drinking the story Also said Franklin canceled performances because of her drinking The lawsuit filed March 26 in federal court in Alp and Kirk Bacurkey said the article was published in New Mexico's Burner a little all county But that's a beautiful place, you know if you ever driven through Arizona, New Mexico? No, just Vegas Not a place that you really wouldn't want to spend any time but a good place to drive through and look at all the M nature all the multicolored rocks Padilebchef like Jeff Cohen sack New Mexico is burn a little county and throughout the country and that the county residents read the defamatory statements in the story I guess that kind of law something of the translation when I picked it up there in mid-sintance to bed It names as defendants American media in American media operations They started to relate in the author of the story that ran December 2000 about poor your rethroof Why don't you problem okay? We all like your rethroof Anybody who would write anything bad about your rethroof is probably stupid 560 550 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line you know I come back to town for just a few days Totally unsuspecting. I figure I sneak in here this morning. I do a few shows I get there a lot of here and I'll be gone for like four months and everything's fine, you know And first low and behold before I even know it all of a sudden in the other studio over there And now we got a whole big song in an ants going on stupid 250 250 But some pull oh god. What am I doing here get to play and pull the plane up to the side of the building and let's take off A straight vertical take off please 560 got a lot of open lines on their boi type. We're doing screenless and we still can't get any response from this day This place is dead forget about it Talk about a waste of energy WQAM Hi, I'd like to shoot it now. Speaking oh hey welcome back now. Thank you a couple of things first the week they should the final episode of small bill you were you were not on George's on yeah, and That was a great episode. I only saw a few episodes during the Wasn't that the one where they found the year they showed the little spline saucer in the basement at the end Yeah, like they they the guy the reporter brought back that little piece that went back into the ship and then a ship like right Started floating up into the air And he had like the video camera and then the father was like Jason after him in the storm I mean it's the father was smart. He would like to take in the camera and broke it into pieces destroying the crew Now the father was smart. You come back to doxia hazard exactly The one thing I don't remember like when that storm hit like a lex lootor's house like You know something I don't think I did see that episode I saw the one the week before when they found the ship they were showing the previews That's why I saw the ship in the basement, but I never saw the last one you're right and so I know That's the great well somebody won't call it and answer the question. I'm sure This this tornado head and what's her face Lana was like stuck in a pickup truck and like the end of the episode Clark like caught it so where she was trapped in the truck and the The tornado picked up the truck and he went running after her after her and that's how the end of the episode I tell you one thing if he moved his fast on her as he's moving on everything else on it show he'd Make a score some time in his lifetime Right, I also want to talk a little about music I wanted to say that you know for somebody who's older I'm like really impressed in your musical taste. I share a lot of that same music Reciation will taste that you have And to shame that they don't play you know a lot of that stuff down here Well see part of the reason that just down here, but this country because of the fact that there's really almost no music videos to watch anywhere here Except MTV which isn't show any and much music which you know is pretty marginal at best There's no music video where is in Europe and I hate to keep saying this but I love it With my satellite dishes because I got about 15 or 20 different music channels and there are no stupid programs like you have on MTV We're most of their programming now is taken up with dumb programs But over there all the music channels they show videos all day Well, I do get MTV 2 and they do show a little bit of like stuff over from Europe and electronic not much They do it like some award show like honoring all the people in electronic music and doing their videos and that's pretty good But why don't they have a station where they crank stuff in like from satellite that comes in from like euro for a year I tell you they would kick ass. I mean wouldn't that be relatively inexpensive and they could you know have like really huge right in sure I think so I mean you know they crank that sports crap on over the satellite and get no numbers Right, they might actually make some money doing that you got it Anyways, I also for have you ever done a poll asking something to the effect of out of all the music stations down here on the FM which one is the worst with one Stinks Which one stinks? Yeah, I would say all of the above would be my answer they all stink All right, just which I just wonder which one stands out above the rest and I think we've done that Like oh, have you we were maybe not maybe we'll do that tomorrow your favorite music station man. We might do that. I don't think we if we did do it as long time ago All right, well hey and closing now like I said I also Inclusive and I'll say Britney Spears is okay, but she's no Kristen crook Okay, take care who's Kristen crook From smallville, Lana. Oh, that's right. I mean I think of her as land. I don't think you're Christine crook She's not she's okay. She's okay. She's fine. She's not no Brittany. She's no Brittany. I mean come on She ain't no Brittany spirit. I'll tell you that right now just want to bring just one of Brittany's breasts We'll put her to shame just just one just disconnected from the whole but seriously guaranteed Now you aren't like this Audios A1 Number A1 And bam okayumpet Here comes Ben look on work work How come 95% of the good the music in the world out is from Europe why is that why is it most of the stuff here sucks Across somebody will call it say well you're wrong. You'll most of the great musicians from all the time like the Beatles Oh Beatles were American are like the stones up Rellon John or Chad and Jeremy right And we we got Bob Dylan We got all the gangster that bro music although there there's so much of that over there You can't just on us more than you could handle but but I will say this Yeah, well, no, I'm Some of it is actually good for example Well another plot two of them say some of it. Oh, my god. I'm working for you next time Okay, that's the new stuff lots of leaps I was gonna clean my room until I got I was gonna get up and find the book but then I got You messed up and I know why why I Was gonna go to court you Stop Oh Let 490560 WCM that I'm from and he not bad about anyone thing stupid. Yeah 56070560 we got 274 votes under pull how much do you care about the language problem in South Florida eight people say there is no language problem eight people That's 2.9 percent eight wise guys I'm bilingual so too bad for the rest of the 29 Not at all 31 they don't give a crap 31 people say And up to avoid date County as much as possible 69 that's 25.1 percent that's a lot But 50 percent and even 50 percent 137 out of 274 you do the math A lot this is America speaking English god damn it you miserable speaks you that's 50 percent So nice to see the things have changed a lot since I left just a couple what was it six weeks ago something like that? And now gonna be gone for months and a few days. Why do you by the time I come back in October you will recognize this place Everybody would be like having a big love fest at the beach and to be a big uh oh, yeah Instead of writing they'll be like having a love in in the streets and all kinds of stuff. Why don't we do it in a row? They'll be playing they were from my US do birthday The Beatles I reset them 3 minutes till noon at 560 WCM hey, if you would like to look just like the beast or maybe even a little bit better and the good news is my little black sack is arrived Thank you Troy and Troy Troy straffered and Troy what's his name over there our friend from balance for life Troy I forget I knew it and then I forgot yeah good that's a good idea Anyway, if you want to lose some weight and get into bathing suit shape here's the answer balance for life They bring in even Jeff Cohen is on and now which is fantastic And there's a guy who actually has his own restaurant so he could prepare anything he wants But he knows this is the smart way to do it because if you're too busy need to write foods if you're tired of going shopping or eating in restaurants They deliver you the All the food you need every day the perfect balance three hormonally balanced gourmet meals in two delicious Next even a 16 ounce bottle of water right to your doorstep by six in a am if you're gonna be It worked by that time they deliver right to your work or your home wherever you're gonna be and of course This is all based on the principles of the zone Dr. Barry Sir's own diet, which is very complicated Very effective but complicated They take all the work and they're measuring out for you because like I said all the food It's in there right in your little black sack and don't forget you can get to choose between two alternatives for each meal In a trying to program I got my little black sack now where we're suffocate about your freaking meals Okay, I'm not going out the eat good and shape for summer starting right now. It's guaranteed You don't have to like I said worry about counting calories of carbs because they do all the counting for you Call balance for life nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty And check out their website at ww 1 800 4 9 7 9 8 27 16 21 Stayed Goldstein, but you can call me tells me whenever I'm in town. I listen to maybe been at I am in town Cos we is just so much Yeah See the interview plan at to it's called the beautiful five disco Montego Got a whole bunch of stuff they ought to be playing on p y and but Disney or loser less basically you haven't got a clue You'd done your finished your stupid 1202 at five sixty wq a m five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a AT and t and Verizon wireless Lime we got mad dog man. It's a tell you one thing. He's your range stupid and we got Hank who's definitely not stupid He'll be here three doing the short shulos anyway Then you got her cool in hotline at seven o'clock eight to ten we got a guy who Well, he's not stupid. He's just boring Joseph Gackie Any k10 and Joe and Mark overnight to the six Joe who used to be really good till he did the show for me for that one week with George and everybody turned on them Why they do that was he really bad or what no I didn't think so. No, he was Joe Which I like Yeah, I'm a big fan of his. I thought he did fine 560 560 pound five sixty on a AT and t and Verizon wireless line. It's a phone call Monday no less kind of a shock Kind of surprising that I'm back in town actually not that it makes any difference and kind of really shocking And we're taking calls today. We had a few that were huh Pretty bad. Okay, let's let's try some more WQAM hello Yes, sir. Hey, what's going on? How you doing? Forget let me talk to George please WQAM WQAM That sounded like the crow to me WQAM Yes, sir. Yeah, I just wanted to say that Neil your no Joe time you're really a nice guy I've been listening since KM Alex Yeah, I never was on KM Alex You're in St. Louis? No. Oh well I must say okay have a nice day Woo 560 5050 5060 I mean they they hit just keep on coming baby When we took that pole that day I finally broke down took that pole. You know, what is it? You like the least about this show? What bothers you the most and even though didn't have as many votes as I thought no phone calls that bothered this audience a lot Comparison anything else the reading that didn't bother them. They don't they don't mind that but lack of the phone calls just to throw them an ass So here you go I mean this this guy was great. He's been living him. No Joe pine. What do I mean? No. I don't have a wooden leg And no, I'm not dead. Was it a pine leg? Oak Remember Scott Oak from hockey night in Canada? Yeah, George don't he don't like hockey he's like mowing. Oh, I see you guys got something I'm coming you both don't like hockey. I'll order you you don't hate it. He hates it I don't hate it. He thinks it's stupid WQAM QAM hello Not too slow for this kid QAM WQAM With AM Wow, WQAM hello Now, why would you come back to this month? beats me hey listen, Kaskus, there is question about hockey go right ahead Why is this during the regular season they play form for an overtime but in the play of the play five on five Because they because it's a whole different format in a regular season it's only a five minute overtime And if nobody wins it's still a tie so that with the idea being since they're only playing for five minutes That it's a better way to make the ice more open and that break up more ties because obviously nobody likes a tie It's not satisfied with your conclusion. Whereas in the play offs of course, I mean they play a full 15 full 20 minute overtime And have a nice day. He just something going on with that phone again, you notice Since another reason that taking calls is real pain in the ass because we got the bell south people are always dick and with stuff And by the way, I could have gone along with Jill and really gone after bell south not that these people care anyway It's just that they work for the company and they got the ability to dick with our phone lines here And they do it remember that one I had wheel early when I started picking them up that that's from your clunk sound We weren't you know I've been doing this I've been around a block a few times. Okay. I know when you asshole phone people are dicking with us Go give Larry a mix in a big fat kiss on his back dome cheek WQAM Hey, they're on the down the noise homey What did he say? Don't know what would you say before that I Says hey homey down the noise. Well, I see with it's the crow. It's the crow line I see I got to figure out which lingor you're speaking it. Yeah. Yeah, you know something I think I'm gonna vote again on the pool this language problem is big yeah go ahead sir. Thank you I was speaking No, yeah That's right now. Okay Whatever you say it's not me. I'm not Neil. Hey, listen all you people out there. New audience. I'm not Neil just a joke Neil's up there in Toronto. I'm just down here in an imposter. Can't you tell by the bed head cold just a coincidence? deal head one last week It's Joe Pine yeah, I'm Joe Pine and by the way you're listening to Kama. Wexan Lewis Stay tuned for the cardinal game Dan Kelly be bringing you blues hockey little. That's right there done. Sorry and so see WQAM Call me home Now you see what I'm saying Here's the guy that was already ringing the line before and he had nothing to say so we here's this other asshole doing it It's it's unspeakable I mean what is there to say about assholes like that, huh? I got your crow bottle right here homeboy Only one word for most of these calls stupid WQAM In fact, that's one of the better ones right there QAM hello. Hi Neil. Yes, sir Couple things first up what times ago be over an answer damn when you do the show three to seven That's not too bad. No, it's great. That means I can sleep in late every day That's all right. You got the mate. Are you bait? Something else how come Howard David doesn't tell you is real age? You didn't hear this morning? No, I heard you said 69 and then you said 72 yeah Well, what's his name Robert Greeper told us it was 60 yeah, that's what he said, but I'm not really sure. He looks a little more like 72 80 tell he's telling you a crotchity old man Okay, thanks. Hey, you're a crotchity old man Howard. That's what this guy said 560 560 pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line Maybe maybe I'm heard wrong. Maybe he's only 50. Yeah, maybe that's it. That's what I am But like every day George and everybody else and he looks a lot older than me Maybe he just didn't live such a you know great life WQAM Hello, yes, sir. I Who's the radio station? I think I just said WQAM. Oh man, it's in Neil. Hey Neil Hey, it's the first time I recalled you Who I say what station are you on? I'm on your station man, but I'm outside right now so I can't hear the radio What station do you work on? Oh no, no, no, no. I don't work on a radio We got a radio guy you sound like a radio guy to me. I used to be on radio Aha, and what station was that? I was places up in Pennsylvania and a couple places down here in Florida Country K radio. I know it the second I heard that voice. I said there's a radio guy Well, I appreciate that coming from you. That's a heck of a compliment Anyways, I just got back from Germany in Finland. I was gonna give you a call when I was over there, but You know you weren't taking calls at no And I just want to call up now to say hi, but let's think you some speed Abies and You definitely are the best thing on radio. Yes, I am and you certainly are and it's been a pleasure talking to you sir All right congratulations are getting out of the business by the way. Oh, yeah Okay, thanks a lot pal. Thank you Boy if that wasn't I mean Georgian I looked at each other as soon as I heard the first word out of his mother And he and he's got a very good voice got a great broadcast for us and I think it was Was it some like when I first punched it up inside had that tone a little bit like Johnny dark, but then obviously was not because first of all Johnny Wouldn't pretend to be somebody else in addition to which Ten minutes after now Johnny's a good guy. I turn Johnny into a good guy But get him to go over there to Europe and take all that time off after Cox can't his ass on ceremony Slee on the coast And he spent all of that the cash he had saved up and himself at the time of his life in the Amsterdam and Colone and Italy and all over Europe had a Scandinavia thinking what to stock them I'm telling you folks, you know life is short While you're still breathing if you got a few bucks or if you can steal some or borrow some from George You know get on a plane and go somewhere. I'm telling you Look at that the dows down 120 heavy crossboarder shelling in cash mirror Those crazy Indians at Pakistanis see what I'm thinking is we ought to tell both of them cut the crap or else Because if we get involved you're gonna be really sorry And as far as a general Schmendrick over there Moushara This business has taken those thousands of troops off the Afghan border and shipping over there to India to the border with India Unacceptable Unacceptable But we're a bunch of pussy's we're paying it. We already gave Maldives in Senance for guy. We we blackmailed him as basically what it boils down to to be you know our bad guy And now he's still threatening just quit rattling your spirit cut the crap 12 13 it 12 what is it? I don't know what time Howard was having trouble with the time this morning too No, sir. We're just a lot of sync here 11 past noon at 560 WQA. I'll tell you one thing that king waste a lot of your day and that choppin for a new mattress If you've been tossing and turning if your back feels like crap if you're not walking straight Well, I could be another thing but it could be because you're not sleeping on a great mattress the old one is worn out That's why you ought to call our friends a dial a mattress 1 800 mattress in fact fat boy was in here This is his account the great Jeff high who's walking with a cane now. I noticed Very sad if I Jeff just a he happened it didn't hoppy like while over the Scale I was in here tip the scale of like 480 not bad Anyway, no store and the universe can match dollar mattress for a selection or a sexually low prices every day Because like I said I've been using him in my home for years They give you the ultimate freedom and choice of brand name. They got the best Surduce silly Simmons and King Coral and they always have exactly the one you're looking for So you don't have to suffer that bait and switch like most of the joints and don't forget They give you that 30 day in home comfort trial so you can check it out sleeping on it for up to a month If you like to make sure it's the mattress that's good for you and you're back and the way you like to sleep Call them today. They'll be there. We know time at all any two hour window that you pick when it's convenient for you when you want to be home Call 1 800 mattress the only smart way to a shop for new mattress This matter fact that would be a good thing in her spot to you know. I'm saying don't be stupid be smart Call dial mattress toll free and get your mattress there in no time Don't I would be great in that spot. Don't be stupid be smart 1 800 mattress 1 800 mA TT RES T7 call now Hey We date every unsports video 5 60 UAF You're the problem with George yeah, he's stupid You and this Not a happy place No It's a goddamn crappy place Where everybody hates the site of your face You and this Not a happy place It's a stinkin big disgrace UAM is not a happy place God worshipers who love OJ Backstabbing rub broke things The equipment always breaks It's a hot and swarming place UAF is not a happy place No A real depressing place UAM is not a happy place 1215 at 5 60 WQA we got the maddog at one Here's a facts from Scotto says love you since you did midnight to WKPX And that was right before our way to St. Louis got to KMOX Right after I came back from a CKLW in Windsor Laura fax is and says just a quick note to thank you for turning me on to the book Shakedown by Ken Timmerman what a excellent book and you are Laura Not only is Jesse O'Hood and a thug he should be in jail for extortion this book should be mandatory Reading for every Afro American with these Jesse is their savior The only thing he's here is to help us help to other people's money He doesn't care who he steps on he's a Reverend like I'm Elvis Says Laura and I'm only halfway through the book Bless you Neo for opening up your eyes and you welcome Laura to have a wonderful life 5 6705 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T and Verizon line victims might address Viships sexual battery video only issue on the agenda Annual meeting convenes June 13th writes Laurie good good good steam in New York Times speaking a gold steam Do we ever hear any more about him is he I guess he's just cool enough? I guess because I guess he's heard an hour right before the um not more how are done hard to stir right before he got thrown in the slamer And I guess he's in there Good old Albo how to how do they go to keep him fed? Can you even begin to imagine? God the Roman Catholic bishops of the Western negotiating with groups representing victims of sexual abuse by priest of weather Will have victims to speak at the bishops annual meeting in Dallas this month church sources say It'll be the first time that the entire body more than 400 American bishops assert from abuse victims in the 17 years since the bishops Have began debating the issue victims groups have met several times only with small groups of bishops or with a bishops committee on sexual abuse The better they it says they better wear the respective asbestos casox at the Reverend Gary Hayes a Catholic priest in Kentucky Who says he was abused by two priests as a youth and is now president of a link up and advocacy group for people sexually Abuse by clergy. I think they're gonna hear stuff that would be pretty challenging pretty emotional and intense TV saying When the bishops meet from June 13 through 15 Sexual abuse will be the only issue on the agenda said sister Mary Ann Walsh Spokeswoman for the US Conference of Catholic bishops the bishops had plan to consider a pastoral plan for Hispanics But that's been postponed until the bishops meeting in the fall she said Several sources in Catholic organizations and the church had the bishops of already invited an unusually large number of laypeople to speak at their meeting in Dallas The sources said those speakers include Margaret Steinfell's editor of common wheel a liberal Catholic magazine based in New York Our Scott Applebee director the Cushua Center for study of American Catholicism at the University of Notre Dame and Mary Giel Frali Ode A clinical psychologist and psychoanalyst in New York and co-auth of a book about treating adult survivors of sexual abuse Meme remember speaking about I can't read it all the day. It's good thing I think it calls remember Allen Ode no wasn't that his name what was the name of that under cover angel? Okay, wasn't that Allen Ode? I don't know who's saying that Wow, but she was Let me find the alphabetical songs here. We haven't no time for it all thanks to our friends at billboard and his big great expensive book Here's under the milky way by church. What am I looking for? Sorry That's what happens when he get old and seen all under the boardwalk under cover angel Allen Ode Then what I just said Allen Ode? That's it you said. That's what I just said in it. Uh-huh Nice going Neil. Thank you 560 pound 560 on the AT I tell you one thing. This is your flown by today. Maybe it's cuz I'm like a little out of it or something maybe Oh, it hasn't I think you're just thrilled to be here. No, I'm not In fact, I'm counting the days on just individual digits now and it'll be by by by WQAM WQAM hello Hello, yes, sir. Yes, how are you doing Neil? I'm doing great Yeah, how could you tell us what happened on the schmowhower show? I missed it What do mean could I tell you what happened? What the weird I didn't hear what happened? I've been allowed to show oh No, no, no, no, he invited me to come on eras his birthday and wish him a happy birthday Then they invited me to sit around and we just the chat and that was basically it Yeah, but we're all the fireworks No, I would know fireworks that we're only fireworks in his mind. I guess in your phone is driving me nuts We're only fireworks in his mind. I guess. I don't know. I didn't I didn't notice that there was any a conflict in there did you? I thought it was creamy. I thought it would have been a good time and then you know Last thing when I got up and said something about Toronto and he said the hockey sucks and Kieldy with hey, I mean like that and that was it and I wanted out and then I guess after I walked out there He became like a Sarah hyperventilating or something and maybe not you know a lot of this stuff gets spread around I think probably George made up a lot of it. Yeah And you know why he does that right? Yeah WQAM Hello Not a good one though at all. See I don't get the good raspberries like you get him WQAM Hey, I got the nail speaking No, I don't what he's good to hear from you. Okay. No, what I like everything about what you do You're not complacent about anything you do you have passion about what you do and That's all you're saying. I still can't stall around the quay. Okay. Thanks. See you in Canada, Deguah 560 pound 560 on a AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line WQAM Hello Neil yes sir Hey, I was saying to talk about nobody can call him but just wanted to relate one thing of movie I saw this weekend called Tora Tora Tora Kind of the the segues the same thing that's happened today they knew before him that that attack was gonna happen But yet the CIA you know they still have 60 years later. They still haven't got a figure doubt. Yeah Well, we knew Pearl Harbor was coming to but we wanted it I don't talk that But uh Tora Tora Tora Tora Tora I didn't see that movie so I know I knew what was about Pearl Harbor. I thought it was a jume movie Tora Tora I don't know what you're laughing about and then when it was you know Sounds like a jume movie stupid 560 pound 560 Or that that was the one with any an either canter now see that's a one time that his eyes live up because I'm the only one in the world Enough to know him and me and mole about 80 canter And his eyes live up but they were running around like a pinball machine when I said that I said about I to canter He he almost like Interjected something like that if you just there's nothing wrong with getting old mole Okay, while getting old see I think that's what he's a little bit up tight about you know There's nothing wrong with being old and living in Boca There are a lot of people who are like in cemetery fillers places like that the soft photos famous for that This is where you come when you're getting red like when you're at the end of the road when you're ready to die Some of us who are quite ready to die yet. We're like we're branching out in other places and get out of here as much as possible because if you stay here too long You become like one of them And you start thinking like them and you start going like that all day and getting like all upset about nothing Making big like my mother does You know I got a little cold here and of course a quarter when I got in town Saturday naturally And she's carrying on like I have some kind of like terminal illness here I got a little head cold. I caught on a plane coming back from Amsterdam to Toronto. Is it a big deal? Of course not Little scratchy throat which is now gone and if I didn't have the flame and my ears were wide open. I feel great I feel like I was ready to get on a plane and go back What am I 10 in pneumonia? Yeah, right? But that's that's what it is when people are too much time on their hands They sit around and they threaten they magnify things and they make a big deal I'm sure all of you have you know relatives or father mother grandfather whatever Old people who sit around and dwell on crap and make it into a big Gigantic song in advance, but it's nothing and do a net of course is stupid WQAM Yes, sir. How you doing today? I'm doing fine. I'll find him in front of my hands on me I'm just curious because you got a kid you're talking about music today You told me they used to work as she no That was right after KMO X. Now I never worked at she Okay, I thought so I'll tell them you say yeah, yeah, yeah, now I used to work on Zeta. He's got a confused with Zeta Okay, all right just wanted to know thank you. I'm done. Okay. Thanks Zeta. I mean anybody I guess you can if you say that it was she because once upon a time they were the only like rock stations in the market that was after what was She's 102 what eventually became magic what was that station? I was out of town oh I can I have a metal block on that and it was it was you know had its own cult following it was like hard rock You know I'm talking about don't you know Have you remember the middle Zeta and she now this is what was before whatever been really bring whatever the incarnation of magic is now I'm pretty sure is 102.7 somebody will know Who look at that? Line green man Speaking of lime green house lime time doing my good friend but foster their pop at a park. I'm sorry Roger Levi and I got me all worked up about that. So did we had a great time at the track? I want a few bucks Brad Kramer's got it. He's a park by the way. I saw Brad and Randy Wapels one a big half million dollar race there at the Montreal the hippodrome The ability Montreal whatever it hell it is After they screwed them all around and they you know best in the world baby he's no myrhym tollen, but what can I tell you Keep her off the track guys WQA him hello Hey, hey, don't great K102 K102 excellent. Thank you. That was a hundred years ago right I want to be a cranberry show Saturday you like the cranberries? Yes, uh huh? They were unbelievable right right at the top of no amphitheater Yep, anyway that's it. Okay. Thanks K102 you know remember that no I was out of town. Why KY Probably remember that no 567 stupid 856 the pound what is it 855? What did that number come from? I just made five out of no I tried for whatever numbers you get just put some numbers on the phone Okay, maybe it'll be us That one guy Would I came a wex thing I want to have been so many of them you know and these aren't the I mean we had in the beginning the usual idiots But I'm getting some different idiots and then we occasionally like this last guy with some information. It's great. I think what's every 10 years? This is a good idea 1226 and 560 WQM if you always put off going to the dentist because you have tremendous fear of A pain or neglect like you're just gonna let there sitting with your mouth though whatever is happening in it Called Dr. Renee P. Adrian associates and cruel geobals where he offers you sedation dentistry sedation dentistry by Dr. P. Adryl McEughfield it is why your dental works being done you'll be sedated just enough to be unaware of the treatment of being done Yet feel refreshed and have little or no memory what was accomplished Dr. P. Adryl does all types of dental work using sedations crowns implants cleanings fillings root canal other general dental procedures Years of dental look back can be fixed as little as a couple of visits and Dr. P. Adryl McEughfield it is why he's doing work with his sedation dentistry techniques So don't be afraid to go to the dentist anymore get healthy teeth and gums and believe me or gum's are important baby a lot of heart disease caused by bad gums Get healthy teeth and gum is for a lifetime by calling Dr. Renee P. Adrian associates to learn more about sedation dentistry call 305 681 1812 that's 305 611 1812 you'll find Dr. Patres off as it 451 prostate down pull apart just west of Luzunero to the gables check him out on the web at floor to sleep dentist dot com are call 305 611 1812 that's 305 611 1812 don't be stupid take care of your teeth and gums tall talk to Renee P. Adrian associates and tell them old Neil 305 Who is this you or bad as pedophile Hi welcome to crossing over I'm John Edward John Edward connects with a woman who really speaks your mind I'm raised again is there Stacy or Stevie what is this now there's a bill connection also to the family no or Billy or those like a Being a Mike film okay and Paulie or Paula or QR there's like a PL sounds Is there like a jail connection like a like a name that would be like Jonah or Jamie or That means there's a B-R connection you're family also what's your first name Mary say again my name Mary do you have a different name you're full crap is your mom not your mom no idea what you're talking about You understand this I don't know anything I'm John Edward thanks for watching let's see next time Call 305 60 WQM here's a fact that says I facts this article to George but he wouldn't read it George sucks This is our chronic facts are by the way break those in everybody It's the article about Al Goldstein Okay, I don't remember that the only problem being he didn't facts me the article he facts like the when you go to the New York Times website Yeah Like like a lot of newspapers there are some articles that you have to pay for like from the archives right and this is one of them So he facts is the lead paragraph just before the pornography Al Goldstein was since the 60 days in jail this month for harassing his former secretary He'd liberate a deliberate a stirring speech in which he claimed the mantle of the first amendment murder jail means nothing to me mr. Goldstein clundered because freedom means so much to me Six days at Wichers Island have changed his views Six days in jail broke him pre-pronographers and then you can purchase this article for two and a bucks and it says worth worth the bucks I don't remember seeing that well for all first of all if it's worth the bucks that means he's already bought it why does he facts me the article itself Why should I have to pay two and a bucks I think that guy's full of crap Yeah, well not that you mentioned it in fact when you come right down to what I think he's stupid. Yeah. I think like that Fact-day chronic facts, you know I don't know I'm gonna be okay. I think he's probably he's probably right No, but seriously if he says it's worth the money which means he already Wought the article so why not send it to me? I'm not gonna say I'm not only that I don't have time to like log on to the New York Times website here. It's start archiving and Cocking around on there some of the article I'll read it is because George is a hard ass Here's another one. It says 530 PM today none stop to Amsterdam I'm still interocundant. I'll uh if you see I don't understand what that means I have no idea what this means 530 PM today now I see is going to the aims today. I'm am still interocundant. Good choice VCRs are set the home to see the red we've been to cup on the 13th Well, let's see the 13th that would be uh now. I don't think so sooner than that. It's gonna be forced rate Forst rate right George Carolina's a joke They make me sick is it's like the year that the Panthers had the big run and they got to be Cara Colorado for in a row the avalanche by the way Patrick Frog nice hot dog Golder you threw it a year old net and then you notice what happened to after that Yeah, they know we lost that game, but I got blown out seven. I got to get poor from the game and it lasted burying seven game Custom Patrick Frog is a hot dog next me sick Fireed for speaking English at her government job Zeta will unski claim she was fired from her job in Miami for speaking with somebody just facts me this one of our regular Facts use what is this from? It's from some magazine I don't know what else from and here in America it says that's called discrimination Will unski I wonder if she's related to the Smith and Will unski people and have the real bad meat? The products that horrible food that they those beautiful steak knives that I still have but the shrimp was good Was it yeah, why sure hope and now is there something else that I can eat after I finish with my dog wasn't pulling it on the way home rifle through it Okay, I'm just curious because you know me once once I get out of there I'm gonna want something because you know when you're gonna have blood tests you don't Eat in fact I took a little a sucker that halls meant the lip-dust thing and then I realized it was one that had sugar in it And I spat it right out good went and out spit it out so I just sucked a little Will unski 45 work for my meat headcounty for 16 years or assignment was to answer the domestic abuse hotline and help women in a according to a personal file But bursting with praise you did a great job, but there was only one problem. She was the only angle and office full of Latinos How do you like that? I was referred to as the Gringa the Americana says will unski mother of two who's also a foster mom to kids with special needs It was every single day and you know what I have a name the cold-hearted co-workers played tricks on her too My boss prevent presented me with an envelope one day when the anthrax was going around and told me Come here could you smell this this just came into mail she be called big joke in front of the whole department Maybe look like an idiot Maybe look stupid One day her supervisors said she would have to become fluid in a four language in 60 days They have tips for that when all the Latin yeah, right they work like a charm When all the Latin girls got pregnant my supervisor called me and said Z that this is gonna be a probably gonna have to learn Spanish After 30 days she says her boss disguised her voice and and phone not liking how Z the handle the call she fired her She called pretending to be someone who didn't speak English and when you couldn't communicate she fires you Says the disgusted employee. Yes. That's how it happened She was replaced with a Hispanic person a spick Howard Ficklestein a local TV stations on an air illegal eagle says she has an excellent chance of victory If she decides to sue I say go for it honey. I'll take half whatever you get She's gonna she's gonna get a bundle I think The Florida Constitution says English is the official language of the government says spicklestein You can't fire assembly. It's somebody simply because they know it's big Spanish. It's illegal It's illegal and it's stupid Live in groups like English first our rallying around will unski with websites and proposed tourism boy cops But will unski doesn't want to make a big deal Our mother of two she says I just want to work. I'd like to keep working for the county But not in the same office in a place where no discrimination is tolerated How do you like that? Working for a day county so work for the county for 16 years and they're playing games with this is a nice lady Oh boy See how they work 342 votes on a poll How much do you care about the language problem in South Florida? We asked today especially on the hills that they've built South thing And now of course on this thing with a zelensky lady 345 votes a lot. I care a lot. This is America speak English God damn you 167 48.4% said that No say I'll explain you all like he don't pick it up honey And he was right because I was right about what is it come see comes up it comes see comes saw come see this Maso manos maso manos, but that's It's you know what I know is the belief it's stupid Preggle in October, what is county is what what you shut up already Jesus Christ I'd rather be in Toronto Enough to avoid dead county as much as possibly of course even if you didn't shut up I'd rather be enough to avoid dead county as much as possible Not at all 38 the see only see the big drop off there only 38 say the language thing in the South Florida and Bob The limit all 37 say I'm bilingual so too bad for the rest of you buff on Google and nine people said there is no language problem a whopping Yeah, I said that Which of course what? Huh Because they're just funnless Out of 345.0. It's almost 50% of the people out there say if bothers them a lot Speak English, okay? Speak when you're spoken to George Don't be stupid Five and I think he's got a point, you know I think how he and I are gonna be bonding a lot talking about you behind your back Oh, it's making a scandal Chelsea finds a scandal and you know this is gotta be one of the most It can't really be me, but this is part of the way the media decided they just sit around they they must laugh at the public People who are grow testly on the face of it. I mean just nasty looking I'm not just and all of a sudden they decide oh we're gonna make me we're gonna make this one into a sex symbol I mean she is Yes, as they say and you go slimy one of the me sisters. I mean she is one of them and she looks worse than Edmise That's how bad she looks. She is so freaking ugly Even she straight out her hair. Did you see the picture? Yeah, no that's thing and looks worse than she did with a frizzy Or at least before with a frizzy hair. I'll do it. Okay, would be the hair the do But now that the hair is like straight now you look at the face when a enormous shnaz that makes uh what's your name? Look almost like a woman On a fox no on fox Manages the squeeze there red of and uh own Chelsea finds a scandal is Chelsea Clinton taking your new found glamour too far glamour She's about as glamorous as a pile of diarrhea Two British tabloids curried photograph showing Chelsea being helped from a London nightclub I her boyfriend Ian Claus who's also he's a real look or two House a close Boy in fact, you know something she she did to her to his hair what she used to have it say she frizzed it all up and is here too The sun in the daily mail on Thursday both public several photos suggesting the Twenty-two-year-old daughter from a president Clinton and senator Henry Hillary Rodden Clinton had too much to drink at London's embassy club Bill's girl is going going gone the sun crackle in the headline Kackled and crackled the daily mail the dilly mile reported that Chelsea first tried to leave the club around three a With a coat over her head that lost control as she stumbled was held up by class and other friends out of way to the car She looked very drunk the mail quoted the sources saying they had a poor legs into the car to get her in We have no comments have cared and done a spokeswoman for senator Clinton Julia Payney spokeswoman for the former president did not immediately return a phone call It's that Greg Reads syndrome again nobody's returning calls So anyway, what did most say when he went in there talking to you? 567 0560 pound 560 on the 80 see now that I'm here to actually see it I realized that he's encouraging this kind of behavior by his behavior and he's loving it Guess what Greg no truce okay? I'm sitting right got a 99 share I'm making you all the money in the world. I'm coosin up your morning drive I'm I'm you're on a hang on a me like a life raft I'm your security blanket blindness So just hang on tight because it's gonna be a real exciting ride so I can tell you Talk about in planning West life Bob Bob baby re-srange video Where do like saving this maiden they're locked up in jail saving this maiden from being married to this evil villain I give you a big get on the horses and bust out just a time to ride on the horse into the church and Stop the wedding and attack the evil doer and his love them evil doers around got really known Good song bad video of course you wouldn't see it anywhere. I'll ever see it Me who here knows him video spirit and who here knows from Westline Take off. We got a break. I'm not gonna have time to play Things let's make it my mind go crazy small things like when I call you I know many answers A phone all the dead your machine and I don't think me where the lie in my bed with the thoughts in my head Where we stand there we say you will have no life Please yeah, that's what's all about it. It's like I said songs okay the video is idiotic West life Our West life fans are there including what's his name? Erick's wife Doesn't she like West life? Did you tell me that like several months ago? If I did it for God Well you're just I'm I'm serious. I think you're starting to get stupid 18 to one at five sixty wqm here's something that's stupid that is expensive your brains out and watching your health go down And just because you're in hot your like a prisoner in hot humid sound Florida ordering these summer months Only homemade is a product that'll make you feed your best to keep you in good health keep you when they pink a good health Here in South Florida. That's right nothing like when it's pink Only omit is a soft gel capsule that contains pharmaceutical rate alcohol Along with vitamins minerals and urinals to promote health for all different aspect of your body They have one for your prostate one for your heart your blood blood pressure and cholesterol Only omits also got supplements for all health in your circulatory system your digestive and endocrine system You're skin and bones even your mind all using the benefits of the best out of oil that money can buy on the face of the earth and Only omits got products for men and you ladies out there as well. We've got a few women in the audience. Don't we? No five or ten Only meds available all over town because it's so popular now you can pick some up at Walgreens whole food markets Navarro Pharmacy and Sedano's if you want to get more information about their products no sweat just call them toll free and they'll answer Write your questions so acts away call one eight six six Olio Med that's one eight six six O L E O M E D order their products off their website if you love Challenge Gnice sweet nights and 10 on sports radio five sixty You a yeah, so here's the mad dogs in the building who says that's gonna be great dolphins He's what he said now you're not watching go over on the other side. I never had you in here crossover I'll well how does this damn mic work after he went on the other side of him like over there see that no no over here Oh, now you can go in there too. I don't want to get you to go over on the other side I was thinking more a time Brady than you but anyway you're sounding sexy and raspy today raspy Have a little head cooled. Is that one of those stoge? No, it's not it's a it's an air Amsterdam to Toronto plain cooled Oh, yeah, I got about a week and a half ago and I'll just at the ass in Cop from one be all baby, but you're not watching that crap. Are you damn straight it? I think I did hear you talking about that just see I'm monitoring you up there I get to that's a one great thing I walk into my studio. I can put that thing open anytime here in your ripping me in ass Weddings 7 to one favorites is just the most lapsided first it's a joke in fact if Carolina hitting brains What they would do would just for if it and get it over with now although most of this morning hockey sucks is that was walking out That was his last thing hockey sucks. He's never been to a red wings game. No, never been to a leaf game either That would have been a better sir, and if we wouldn't have been injured and I don't want to excuse him then Jellie shines in with man. You know a lot of people hate the leaf stock at their dirty team Hey, listen you in order to survive that's only when they got that far as because when you got eight eight Regulars injured your best Your captain Sunday your best defense menu scavigating guy eight regular injured and you still managed to get through 20 playoff games That's a hell of an accomplishment. I mean the city was really pumped up a button I would like to see that final Toronto good old days try on the web links You've just come back in for a couple days just to oh, yeah, I don't want to go to this seat too hot here No, I just just for a little while just so I can see what's going on here. I don't want to lose contact with what's going on Nothing changed nothing's going on Same old crap while we you know we're well led Yeah, he was yeah He was here this morning with his new $2,000 Brooks Brothers suit tell me about hey look at those ratings were phenomenal and by the way Congratulations, you know now there were partners on his 10 to three thing You must have unspecked accurate or two because this last trend Do they even tell you about this or just are they gonna wait till we get a bad one then they'll tell you They'll tell me when it when it turns back like a 5-5 people still better still like that turn into his 0.3 share in men 18 plus which is phenomenal from three Number one by about four points and persons 2554 number one men and women Which is unheard of come on so we kicked ass how do you explain that? Talent talent in my amin my autograph Tommy Brady picture on a wall there too Good to see you go prepare for a show. Okay I'm not gonna be back until October the year what is it 14 something like that for four months So he'll just take a look now of course, you know, you know me what you see is what you get But just take good look now and just remember what I look like not much Okay have a good show There's mad dog managed one of a kind. Oh, and I gotta get to this facts now George is gonna get very upset when he hears this not All on the more I look at this facts. So it's kind of like a I don't know. It's kind of stupid It says to think Greg we read even thought about canning George at the urging of some old New York fool is proved to me the guy's a jackass Now he's not talking about you. What he's talking about Greg? He said Greg is stupid Well, maybe a good sportscaster, but you want a real morning show quit puts it around and put George on in morning drive now See now this is getting carried away. He'll rifle Ron and Paul George is better than anyone on that station except maybe Neil and Greg read is too much of an agency except maybe Neil Like I said this facts is real Man, how much is George pay for that help me? Here's one from Louis and a Bahamas remember a good old friend Louis and a Bahamas He says next time you're in Toronto check out the doctor's house a restaurant slash bar and a place to watch horse raising on screen and place your bet Location at Kleinberg up is linked in Avenue to major McKenzie drive. I have no idea where that is I Have a got a clue Kleinberg. I know Howard Kleinberg I have no clue the doctor's house. I hope that's a better tip than it was at rumors Relatives give us like that awful steak house. We ate oh, and I'm not gonna start knocking restaurants in that town I mean I I'm not a permanent resident there. I'm just a visitor and it's a wonderful city And I love it. I did I just I have no complaints none So I'm not gonna start knocking any place Plus you you know you want to look on the domain thing once in a while on our website on the whole on my page the stats and whatnot The domain page that shows you all the different countries the number of hits that we get on our website Okay from all the countries all over the world. I mean shows like US and shows American servicemen, which we get a lot But the number from Canada is staggering you've said that well, let us get call Eric up Just to be curious. I know that this is not circulating for the audience, but you know something too bad We give you pretty good show today in the price was right Fuck cuz he reset these and I don't know whether was may first that the numbers reset or whatever the date was that these all like reset Because I was keeping track of them and like Canada had like 200 and some odd thousand and now it's like it was when I left Toronto on Friday My left 30 morning, but when I left there and look at the last time was like 85,000 Is now 96,000 339. This is only Monday afternoon I mean's it's been 11,000 people on our wet or at least hits on our website from Canada So what he want what it was before he reset no no no I just want to win he reset it So I can you know in my mind figure um how what the period of time is that we've had all the sets a couple times a day No, no, I don't mean that but when he we sit back to like dinner reset had a reset back to zero Cuz Canada had like 200 and some odd thousand and now it's 95,000 he didn't he don't know I guess it it's on automatic pilot So how how's it going hey anybody would not Canada man as far as I'm concerned now the French that's another story We don't want to do with them in fact if they other people were smart if they weren't so damn polite They'd not only let them succeed they would have urged them to do it probably who get lost, you know you rid of them So what he say at least a month Okay Was what he reset I would think about me first so that means we've had almost a hundred thousand hits from Canada in a month That's pretty heavy duty. What are those numbers there that Miguel just handed you? Those are those numbers that managed hadn't seen oh well he's a part of that now I don't want to say that he you know we're gonna give this if his head gets any bigger than they'll start confusing it with your rows Last thing we need is two X-Doff and players with gigantic heads Anyway, so the guy and I apologize because this guy is a good fact you're the one at the sits crew you because he thinks that you didn't read You probably didn't get the facts you just didn't get the facts. Okay, sir. I had gotten the facts about out after Absolutely because naturally George is sucking up. Oh, but he gets that free trip in the Amsterdam or something anything Or gets used as apartment in New York like joded I got to use this I must forget about ruin this last break, but anyway, he facts is me this and it says Al Goldstein's new lawyer noted first amendment specialist Harold Price Faringer told Deborah Dowling that jail guards misplace goldstein's diabetes and blood sugar medication Placing the sickle's 66 year old in danger. It says he guy didn't save the rest of the article But he got out in 10 days lost 11 pounds, etc Lost 11 pounds. Oh, I don't even like 400 to go. That's not bad It's I feel like I'm rambling now. You know, it's because my ears are plugged up We hear you come in a little incoherent hello Hello, come on 1252 a 560 WQM you heard me talking about the big one In fact, I just mentioned Tom Brady only moments ago and for sure Once you can have a big one too, maybe not as big as Tommy's but a big paycheck the demand for certified computer professionals is Through the roof pick up the phone and call our friends at fast rain 86 fast train and don't forget summer classes are forming right now as I speak if you call now You can be certified in your new career before the summer is over Fast rain offers Microsoft certified instructors for convenient locations included the new candle campus job placement assistance Day and evening classes and for those individuals who job as affected after 911 fast rain is an operation paycheck training provider Call fast rain 86 fast train now or check them out on the web at fast rain.com fast drink And if you certified already for that brand new career start and earn some real serious bucks and as little as four months What he got to lose except that puny paycheck call fast train today Be sure to tell the old deal on Todd Rectordia to call toll free one 86 sick Package look at my Mom In From the bucket shot just tear out a season Got a frebarimmune to let star d in 13 blazing tracks including the Smash single Redneck Bonics Going down to the wall more than a Chevy Nover Polish him a co-burin They put me over All I've only took a puff and a glass of beer Don't know what I didn't get my ice in here Your pick yours up today And please pay for this time 156 at 560 WQM it's almost over Here's a facts from Preston who says welcome back we must do this is America speaking wish or whatever they if you want to speak Well said Preston, please pay any onzie, but well, sorry about that no time Do we have any time for that? No We'll start tomorrow with some onzie bit Like me the Osborne's I like that one Yeah, that's a good one Anyway, here's the rest of that story or some of it anyway the alcohol steams story Which I'm sure that everybody out there in radio land May or may not want to hear We got 400 votes even on a poll How much did you care about language problems so Florida a lot this is America speaking was 198 that's 40 a nine and a half percent almost half of this audience Here's a lot God damn it That dammit Enough to avoid date County as much as possible 107 that's 26.7 percent not at all 43 I'm bilingual so too bad for the rest of you F off 43 and there is no language problems still stuck on nine nine clowns Andy Newman writes in New York Times this was back on May 18 May 18 Like two weeks ago just before pornography alcohol steams sentenced to 60 days in jail This month for harassing his former secretary he delivered a stirring speech in which he claimed the mantle of First Amendment murder He I think I went to choke to that the right day of the show must be the broccoli coming back. Oh Oh Oh, I have a feeling it's that flim Why you know something why don't they have a thing a device? I mean they can suck out the fat they have those things where they those what they call it like post suction right why don't they have a device that they can put into your like Um, Newcastleans in your lungs No, the mucus doesn't cut is it in your lungs. Yes mucus comes from your lungs. I thought it came from your mucus There is a tube that they can stick down into your lungs like when you have a new moon So why that what when you have a bad cold why don't they wear the floor something like that one hospital and they can pump your lungs and they can suck it out To an extent I mean, I thought I have that much, but it just a no