City ask your sister and they call sadly. Woo! Hi, how are you? I'm sorry I've waited to see you. Don't look okay, I'm making it. You're always close to door, will ya? I can't! You don't go looking in the door. I spread my legs when I splash. My cheeks are touching the floor. The wall is bloody seen me like that. I'm reading the paper and they're heavy-capped doors. Please don't come in. Woo hoo! Beating guilty. Ah! I'm not with you. I'm not with you. Hey, come on! Regan or taste, Captain. Man, do I kiss? I am. I can't close the door. Because I can't see. I'm not with you. Don't go looking in the door. I'm dropping the toys in the well. Please don't turn around. Try to ignore me. I'm just too do-stop. I'm in here making... with my pants on the floor. Next to my chin. Little... Woo! Finally done. Hey, you're here for a broke. You're here for a broke. I can't stand up. I can't stand up. I can't stand up. I can't stand up. I can't stand up. I can't stand up. I can't stand up. How is it? See you, pal. I know 2 at 5.60 WCM on Happy Young Kipper, too. This is a day that everybody turns out to be George. Isn't that amazing what a skeleton crew we got today? Uh-huh. Although George is back from being sick, good young to see you. You're not going to be on the way. I'm happy young Kipper. I'll say happy young Kipper. Oh, sorry. The day of a tone man was supposed to be very solemn today. And not eating. We're not going to be eating today. Although I'm going to have a cheeseburger for lunch after the show. In fact, me. I was going to say maybe order way and Arnold, but I'm second thought. And you're conditioned. No, no. Please don't turn around. I'm going to tell you what that's today. Carlos could eat it. And if I got a better idea, how about little old Kaboos? I'll cut all that stuff out of your system. That'll turn you loose just to the foot. By the way, online detective blows. No, let me just tell you that right now. And I blame you. No, who I blame not just my own stupidity because I am stupid. But I blame the audience. And that's another reason we don't take calls anymore because we get so much bad bad information. Many months ago, back in those horrible days, we were taking calls on this show. We had a call one day, which I'm sure you remember. And the guys going out about all of those online detective services and you can find out people. Social security number and their shoe size and their mortgage payment and their credit card numbers. And I was very skeptical at that time. I thought that just can't be. So yesterday, I'm sure I'm on there downloading some stories and here come all these pop-up ads again. I don't want to get Carlos all bent out of shape. It is add aware. If you keep if you keep downloading add aware, refreshing it like every 15 minutes. I guess it's okay. But the pop-up stuff just won't stop. In fact, when you would stall something like that add aware, the pop-up ads go away for about a day. And then the next day they come back with the vengeance. I had to go down. Look, I told you before this show. It's like getting something really bad and taking one antibiotic and not finishing the worth of the prescription. Speaking of antibiotics, George is feeling better. No thanks to his doctor who also sucks. Maybe your doctor is busy doing online detective. Maybe he's behind that scam too. That would be a good excuse. Professor Marksier told me his whole medical practice is a scan. So why not? So anyway, to make a long story, sure, one of the pop-up ads yesterday. Well, I'm just downloading some of these stories. It's pop-up, pop-up, pop-up. And I thought to myself, why remember it, the guy calling in about that? I think I'm going to check this out and see if it's really true. Do they have my social security number and shoe size and my mortgage pay all this other stuff? To make a long story, sure, three credit cards numbers later. I mean, really. I'm a moron. Did I ever get the registration number? Oh, and I emailed him a couple of times a while. He didn't send me this. And a guy whose name is Jeff Fan Dine, who must be the whole operation, by the way. Because I noticed in this one hospital hysterical letter, we're talking to him in a second, that's the guy they name. And he emailed me back, well, we did this and we did that. And then I emailed again saying, hey, still I have no registration number. And so I'd make a long story, sure, I had a cancel, three credit card numbers last night, just to make sure that they don't want up charge and hold bunch of crap on there, including their service, which is crap. Online detective, let me tell you right now, a little warning. I'll do people like to punch you about outline. Everything sounds great. Okay, when it sounds too good to be true, it sounds really, if it's reputable like Amazon.com, or eBay or something like that, and you know it's like a real legitimate thing, then that's a different story. But if it's one of these come-on deals, the odds are overwhelming that it's a crank. It's just a fraud. So there's a website, www.badbusinessbero.com, about all the different rip-offs. And there are a whole bunch of these letters under. Here's one that says, why online detective should be arrested, rip-off. And it was another one they all ought to be in jail. So if you want to go, you know, stupid around other people's business, go get a pair of binoculars, but don't sign up for these online detective things, because at least this one is a full of crap. My school in there, Jeff, Van Dyne, you piece of turd, you. In fact, the one guy says, he says, I went in for a search of my brother, hasn't been heard from any years. The only information they could provide was what to do if I was ever to move to Texas. They couldn't even locate me, and I had a listed phone number, on my home for over three years, and they already had my address. And they still couldn't find me. How do you like that? Great. That's pretty good detective. Okay, our poll on Friday and over the weekend, we asked who do you think is the most dangerous person in the world today? Who is the most dangerous? Be afraid. Be very afraid. Yes, or Amaphart is there at the bottom of 38. He and Shiron were like, Nick and nose to nose. And at Borkeh, you see that? That's over the end of the end of the year. Arrafart 38, Arielle Shiron 41, and then we started to move up into the real content. They were also ran. They were small potatoes. The Pope, hundred and nineteen, and Miguel says to me, how come you're putting the Pope on the list? We're still going through that with Miguel. I thought I talked to that boy. Oh, I mean, he's a wonderful guy, and he's done a lot of work for us for nothing. All that stuff, and he looks really great, but a little slow. Anyway, the Pope one nineteen, O summa yamama bit a lot of 161. Like I said Friday, I'm sure he would have had a lot more votes. If we knew if he was dead or alive, that might help. Because if you're dead, you're not as dangerous as when you're alive. Well, I don't know. Except in South Florida, where the, you know, the voters, in fact, the voters who are dead, are more dangerous than the ones who are alive. Because they're generally the ones who swing the election. By the way, Janet, you still lose. We'll get to that. Cheese, cheese, and... Good. Now she's not going to get it. I know. I mean, they tried desperately. They went to Xavier Svara's house. They got the list of all the dead people. And they had each one of them vote three times. And they still couldn't put it over the top. You lose, Janet. And all you idiots out there, all you Democrats have voted for Janet. You've got a death wish. You keep voting for people who can't win an election. God, damn it. Bill McBride, he's our man. Maybe a young who he may be from Tampa, but he's going to beat you. Bush and November. You mark my words, man. He's going to kick his ass. Anyway, O summa 161, Sodom Hussein 304, landslide George W. Bush 455 votes, 41.2% say, G. W. is the most dangerous man in the most dangerous person in the world. How do you like that? I like it. Yeah, we know how you voted. And so to that. Yeah. Here's our poll today. Eric was telling me last night. If I'd facts him to poll before the show, we'd be able to make it a lot easier. Yeah. I didn't do it. If I didn't do it. First of all, we had to spend George and I had to spend 20 minutes to this morning on the screwing up the goddamn connection. Again, because every goddamn, see the problem that QM is everybody's got a title. We have too many chiefs and no Indians. Everybody's got to even like Carlos when you even get paid in there. Carlos is like the chief intern associate the computer with. Yeah, everybody's got a title. But there would nobody to get anything done. So every time we have a dolphin game now, we're going to, by the way, how about those patriots? Oh, man. That time he Brady undressed the jet. The answer is that they just picked them to pieces 44 to 7 while your dolphins by the way held on desperate. Desperate. Desperate. And if the quotes would have had any sense of what the clock was doing at the end of the game yesterday, they might actually pulled out a time sentence I gave it over time. It was pretty embarrassing there at the end. But they just kind of took their time while the clock was ticking along to make sure they didn't have time to catch up. They might have had like three more plays. If somebody would have kicked them in the ass. But how about that time he Brady knows patriots again. Oh, that's stealer when was no flu. Nobody wants to believe in them. But anyway, even George. So here's our poll question today. How do you feel? I interrupted myself. I was talking about the fact that we couldn't get to them and stuff on. Because Air Me's Sunday now we got a dolphin game. And two hours before the dolphin game, there goes my audio. Now is that half the half in other words? The way that they have it hooked up. There's no way that I can hear. Because that deprised me, the chance to hear Moe calling dolphin game. Are you asking me? Oh, technical question about that. Well, nobody had to go in there and unscrew it up this morning, which we had a great difficult time. It took us 20 minutes and there was all that echo and reverb. And of course, that A.B. in the young kipper being a Jew holiday. Everybody's Jewish. So we got no beast. We had no Robert Gripper. We got no Moe. We got no guilty. And they had somebody just came in off the street to run a board for a Zagaki this morning. So you're suggesting that they only record the dolphin event, including the pre-game show on one medium. Yeah. That's one of the things. We have several backup. We have to have many backups because we certainly don't want to lose that stuff. Because that's the bread and butter. That's the meat and potatoes a QM is the dolphin game. Not this show. This show. Hey, we get what our like the phone thing over here. Does it work? No. Of course not. Once you take some calls, Neil. Can't. Not that we want to, but we can't. You wait till tomorrow. We're going to have like, and we got some big news coming tomorrow. By the way, I can't tell what it is today. I could, but you know, Clarence's ego is like, I don't know. He's, he's, he's, he's, Clarence's put one toe on a ground. Okay, sweetheart. Put down the home and touchdown. It's like, I'm the wrong holiday. You're supposed to be fasting today. I'm fasting to one o'clock. In fact, you know something just out of spite. I'm, I'm, I, during this next break. I'm, I run the other room and get some another refrigerator. Ridiculous. So anyway, took us 20 minutes. So Eric, I'm sorry. I didn't have time to fax you the pull because we were busy trying to see if we could get the show on the air today. And this is going to go on all during football season because the engineering department number one sucks. They won't like put up a memo when you're saying to whoever the board up is like, like, like, it midnight on Sunday. You know what I'm saying? Midnight Sunday night. Like, make it automatic. Punch back. So we'll need to get to y'all. Punch back to the way it looks. Even if you should see all the signs like to return pot. Remember the return pot get getting shut off in the other room that nobody's supposed to be as a return pot. Right. And that's your time. Bring in it back because he had too many seeds in it. All over the place. And it was a regular anyway. Yeah. George tells a regular. So anyway, the bottom line is that we spent 20 minutes doing that. Here's the pull. How do you feel about GW's plans to invade Iraq? Five choices. This might take a minute or two, because they're, uh, choice number one. Let's rule. Sodom has to go. Choice number two. I'm forward if our allies join in. Choice number three. I'm forward even if we have to go it alone. Choice number four. I'm against it. The timing smells of politics. Or choice number five. I'm against it. The US should never be the aggressor. Don't you think that pretty much covers all the bases? I think one and three are similar. No. There we go again. Will you stop? That was just like that fair thing about the job you did? That that pull came out pretty good for you and you just can't stop. That's me. Yeah, just keep in mind even with your fever and your crafts that you've had. Just keep in mind, pull is not your, uh, sight irreversible teas. How do you feel about GW's plans to invade Iraq? Let's rule. I'm going to go. I'm forward if our allies join in. I'm forward even if we have to go it alone. I'm against it. The timing smells of politics. Or I'm against it. The US should never be the aggressor. There's your choices on our very, very important poll today. Okay. Because it's not a question of if it's just a question of when we're going in, man. Oh. Because they got a lot of oil or two. We talk get to those stories. A lot of good stuff today. Reno closes a gap, but she still loses. Sorry, honey. Get back in your pickup truck and get lost. Nine 13 and by the way, you hear that alien wants to see it. Nine 13 at five 60 WCM, the beast is up to 54 pounds by the way. You weren't there. You were busy on the note here. You were busy being sick through the infriade, but the good news is the beast is lost. 54 pounds and balance for life. Some are just about over. Should have to worry about bathing suits, but how about worrying about the rest of your life? How about we're not just about looking good and putting on some real close, but also saving your life? How about your health? That's what it's all about, really. The balance for life is the great way to do it. Because there's no more cooking, no shopping, no cleaning, no worries, no calorie counting, no carbohydrate counting, because they do all of that for you. They bring you a little black sack right here door step by six o'clock every morning, like I've been doing for the beast last several months. And inside that black sack is all the food you're going to eat that day. No, a little, no little tiny containers for pericate, nothing frozen, no crap, nothing artificial, but the freshest and the best, most delicious ingredients, three gourmet meals and two delicious snacks are in there, along with a little 60-ounce bottle water. And of course, in some days, you might even have a tough time finishing all the food. The only choices you have to worry about making are between two alternatives for every meal each day to turn a program. They give you a little menu sheet and you pick out what you like. So that balance for life, helping lose those pounds fast, painlessly, and the delicious way. Call them today and get started. No time at all. You'll be watching those pounds fly off your fat, buying body. Call 9-5-4-5-6-8-32-29, 9-5-4-5-6-8-32-29, or check out their website at balanceforlife.com. If you want to see more videos, please subscribe to our channel. Anybody have a heart or a liver? 5-60-W-U-A-L, presents the O-P-N-N-T-E-Show with Mo Howard David. This is O-P. And I'm Anthony. You're waiting for me today. It's me with the low voice. Oh. Yeah, you got the affected voice. Okay. Hi Anthony. Yeah, I hope you and let's know if I got our old palmo Howard David. Yeah, I was wondering how long would take for you to punks to go around for me. I really hit the big time. I'm with the O-P on Anthony. Hey, Mo. Take off your pants. Yeah, we're going to rape you now. You've got to be kidding me. This is a family show. Ah, wrong. This is a gop on Anthony show. No, come on. Strap with your guys only did that in joke. Hey. Get your hands up. Get out of there. Got up in the midst. That's my door. I don't touch my delicate self-tender. Oh. What if somebody want to rape me? Like a sweet-taken, funny-hand-wide? Yeah. Got a nice back. Oh, I got no sprues for you, pal. I'm still spraised. Oh, I ought to apologize you. Oop. Oh. I got this damn tight open. Oh, I want the red ball. I'm not per day. All right, my open white for junkie. All right, that's fake and Anthony. Okay. Okay. Okay. That's fake and Anthony. Okay. That's... Oh. Yeah. He was here, lips. Okay. So, it's an opposite. I should know what to do. Oh, really? Pretty special. I'm pretty sure. I'm not the boss of me now. Yeah. I really tell my best. Mr. Bakes you guy now. I don't even bother you. Yeah. Yeah. Not bad. Take that away, ma'am. What? You just got to leave me here. It will be right back. On 5. 60. I feel so you wouldn't say that. If the 9. 20 at 5. 60 QA and 7 votes, the poll is up. Let's roll. Sautam has to go. Correct. He's got the four. I'm against it. The timing smells of politics too. I'm against it. Do you actually never be the aggressor one? 7 votes in the preliminary total. Maybe we should say those votes for Janet. What do you think? Reno closes Gaff to 5685, but probably will fall short. Miami Day Count to continue finding votes yesterday. Even as Howard's teller remains stable and Janet Reno's hopes of beating Bill McBride for the Democratic nomination for Governor's scene to fade. Alright. By last night officials from both campaigns confirmed that the latest Tally's in-day gave and given Reno a net gain of 2,500 11 votes. But McBride still holds a 5685-0 lead in advantage. That may be difficult for Janet to overcome. The former U.S. Attorney General's best hopes now rest in more than 265 Dave voting machines that still haven't been examined. But because many of those machines weren't used on election day, the prospect of fighting more on counted votes inside the maybe slim. Officials said, I guess if they weren't used on election day, the chances of finding many votes should be pretty slim. Okay. Okay. But you never know. Not in Dave County. Oh my god, we just found 10,000 votes. They don't expect there to be many more Dave Mayor Alex Pinga Pekingy said late yesterday. Reno said she won't contest the election no matter how close to vote when county send their final members to the state tomorrow and results that it be certified this Wednesday. And then we can get on with it. Okay. Finally. Thank God. As they continue making every kind of cross to comment about Florida and deservedly so under we got them show even the animals. Even though it was got them animal channels on the digital cable, they're making sniggering comments about the damn state of Florida. So when we get back to my book with you missed the good stuff on Thursday and Friday. Yeah. The book for bitten truth by John Charles, Grissard and Guimdesk. I'm going to read just a few more pages today, which I read the forward need for election. I'm not going to read the whole book on here. Don't get panicky. Probably would be a good idea. Probably get time jick up said by the way Tom, great articles over the weekend. Tom's got 15 articles a day now to make up for the fact that I ripped them and they also took the cooking thing out of there again. At the boy Tommy, he's got 30 articles a day now. He's right to make up for a long time after I finger him for the fact he doesn't write anything. And all they had in there is the Sunday Q&A's and the cooking schedules. That's pretty heavy. Do we baby. After the 1979 hostage crisis at the American embassy in Tehran, the State Department's most important objective in the region was to support the pro-Western monarchy and weaken the Islamic Republic of Iran. From then on, American security analysts wanted to contain the Shiite sphere of influence in that region. Supporting radicals soon-ites like the Taliban was an excellent way of accomplishing that. Other more economic reasons drove them to such a position. Starting in 1991, various American oil companies, including Chevron, Chevron, became heavily involved in Kazakhstan, Turkmenistan and Kurdistan. As it happened, Russia refused to allow the musits pipelines to transport those energy resources to oil terminals. By 1994, all the elements were in place to transform the Taliban into the peacemakers everybody had been waiting for. One man would meet these expectations and was instrumental in soliciting outside help to bring the Taliban to power. Naturally, it was an oil man. But Carlos Bulgeroni is not Saudi Arabian or Pakistan, or American. He's our Argentinian. He's the president of Redis, the fourth largest energy group in Latin America, based in Buenos Aires, and founded after WWII. In the 1970s, Redis became a world player. With Indian Pakistan on the brink of war in 1991 and 1992, Redis executives reorganized. They were rather recognized than necessity of forwarding partnerships with new executives in the former Soviet Republics, especially in Turkmenistan. From their offices in Islamabad, the envisioned the Stabilafghanistan run by leaders who were willing to cooperate with them, so they could build oil and gas pipelines connecting Turkmenistan to Pakistan. He'll literally stuck his first deal with the government of Turkmenistan in January 1992 to exploit a GANSfield in Deladabah. On March 15, 1995, he brought together Pakistani and Turkmen officials who signed an agreement in principle for the construction of a public transport. A pipeline crossing Afghanistan. At that point, Bulgaria only invited other oil companies to join his business venture, including Unicale, one of the largest oil corporations in the US. The Uninole company of California was founded in Santa Paula, 1980 and changed its name to Unicale in 1983. One of the success theories of the energy industry became one of the director of its president Roger Beech, one of the world's largest independent oil and gas producers in the 90s. A savvy businessman, Vichim, immediately recognized the potential of Carlos Bukaroni's offer, so much that he decided he could do without redistervices and invest in the region without their help. To improve his bargaining position and get financial backing and listed the help of another group, the Saudi company Delta Oil. On October 21, 1995, executives from Unicale and Delta Wilson and agreement with the president of Turkmenistan, based on gas exports evaluated $8 billion, which included a plan for the construction of gas pipeline that would cross Afghanistan. The cost of the other taking was estimated at $3 billion, at that point, support for the Taliban was not only geostrategically important, but it was an economic priority. Meanwhile, all these Saudi secret services of GID led by Prince Turkey, Al-Faisal, decided to give massive financial support to the Taliban, most important providing them with communications networks, but also with dozens of Japanese manufactured black pickup trucks with tinted windows. Saudi Arabia withdrew support for the ethnic Uzbek and Tajik factions who quickly found themselves without means and lost ground. With unanimous support to fundamentalist storm cobble and took power on September 27, 1996, much of the general status factor was around. If least leads to peace, stability and international recognition, then this is a positive development set a delighted, crisp, tagged, a unicale-bised president. The months between Union Cal and Delta's deal with Turkmenistan and the Taliban's takeover of cobble saw an unusual amount of interest from the US, which had left the region for dead after the Soviet withdrawal in 89. It were represented by the likes of Robin Raffey, all the new assistant secretary of state responsible for South Asia, and US to Republican Senator Hank Brown, a supporter of the Union Cal Pipeline Project, as well as a recipient of campaign donations from it, long time friend of Pakistani interest on the center floor and a member of the influential Senate subcommittee informed relations. Both justified the interest by expressing their fears of regional instability and humanitarian disaster, and we sure know that there was nobody more humanitarian than the Taliban. Brown turned Afghanistan's rival stronghold spoke with all warring sides and invited them to attend a conference in Washington later that year. At the conference, which Union Cal helped to fund, he said, the purpose is to seek advice about how to rebuild US interest in Afghanistan and help the Afghani's developed their own peace initiative. Raffeyl expressed similar sentiments when she visited Afghanistan a few months before the Taliban seized power in April 96. We continue to be concerned about the humanitarian situation here, and especially concerned about the political instability and potential for its spreading in the region. Another comment of hers, however, suggests that the US Renewed Interest wasn't entirely humanitarian, we're also concerned that economic opportunities here will be missed if political stability can't be restored. For actually what she had in mind was that Marty Miller, President of Vice President of the United Cal Polywarson Post, when he revealed that his firm had plans to build two mammoth pipelines across Afghanistan to carry oil and gas from Turkmenistan to Pakistan, but all potential sources of financing have consistently advised us that we'll have to be a single entity governing Afghanistan that has international recognition before the Olympics any money. While the US may have positioned itself as an independent mediator of a Kavanaugh government, then be seized by the Taliban accused the US of ignoring Pakistan's support for the Taliban. What is important is that the US despite the fact that the new Pakistan was arming and supplying the Taliban remains silent on the issue, Kavanaugh said. Their silence and attentively after the Taliban's takeover, Glenn Davies' estate department spokesman said the US could see nothing objectionable about the brand of Islamic law that Taliban had imposed on the regions of control, while Senator Brown chimed in, these fellows are deeply religious and strongly anti-Soviet. And as the journalist Richard McKenzie recounted in the new Republic two years later, in one encounter a few months before the Taliban entered Kabul, a middle-level bureaucrat at this State Department perched on his couch and tried to convince me that the Taliban really wasn't such a bad bunch. You get to know them and you find they really have a great sense of humor he said. Yeah, they have a great sense of humor. That's why they dress like that. This movement that even the government of Iran denounced this medieval. Back in the US members of two of the most influential foreign policy research institutes took up the Taliban cause Barnett Rubin of Afghanistan's press list on the Council on Foreign Relations had this to say in October of 96. The Taliban do not have any links to Islam's international radicals in fact they hate them. While Zelmaid Khalizad, a senior strategist at Rancor Operation, which served in the State Defense Department to the Reagan Ambortion Administration and U.N. held consultant in the United States to engage with Taliban. Based on recent conversations with Afghans, including the various Taliban factions in Pakistanis, I'm confident that they would welcome an American re-engagement. The Taliban does not practice the anti-U.S. Stalofanamentals in practice by Iran. It's closer to the Saudi model. The group upholds a mix of traditional past-doin values and north of Oxford to protect the Islam. How eloquent? Only a month after taking power that Taliban were already talking about the Islamic Emirate of Afghanistan and how they others spectacularly resent the Saudi fundamentalist dictatorships that supported them financially. Especially the religious leaders of that country was spoused in author Orthodox and reactionary brand of Islam. Mohammed Omar proclaimed himself spirits of a leader in the sum of the title of Mullah, then the Taliban similarly executed the former pro-communist president who would take and refuse if the U.N. premises in Kabul. One of those are a couple more progress, but I better do the break or we're going to get way in to behind you know it. Okay, just calm down. 9.28 at 5.60 QA. Well hey, it's Todd Reck again. He's Jewish today, Annie. That's right. He and Iran so we certainly don't have any copy. Anyway, if you want to become a computer professional start making some serious books, you know where to go fast-trained. This is the only school that's got four convenient locations in Dave Broward, including the new one in Kimble. They've got the certified Microsoft instructors waiting for it. Convenient, Daveing and Wicking Plasses, when it were a fits into your schedule. And they've got a full time job placement department. Over 30 years experience getting you placed in the job where it can make some serious books. And they can get you completed with that program and certified in just four short months. So if you're tired of your dead end job, if you're tired of working for a bunch of assholes, here's the deal. Pick up that phone and call fast-trained today. 1-8-6 fast-trained. The college toll free, ask away the behalf and answer all your questions. No obligation. 1-8-6 fast-trained or check them out of the web at fast-trained.com. When you call, be sure and tell them, Todd Dreck told you to call. My local year sports video 560's you and you AM. Say, come on! Come on, chill! I get with the ball! Oh, rock, rock! Run, give you a blanket, hey! I use the number from the movie. Just a little bit, I don't have to kill so much. Your dad is a chick. My sweet dream, me like he's a dream. When I made a dad, they twist up that piece of white dye and we. I'm 34 at 560 WQ. I'm happy Monday 2 on Happy Young Kipper. There's like 2 paragraphs left to check. 3 here, can I do it now? Okay. Are you finding this pretty interesting? I'm not riveted. At the end of the terrible afghan winner 97, the Taliban's call seemed to be heard. With the religious militias controlling almost 90% of Afghanistan, or experts in diplomats posing as businessmen were already on site. The pipeline project was on the way to realization. Unicall expanded its teams and Islamabad, sending several representatives to Kabul and especially to Kandahar, the stronghold of their new and precious allies. The world company didn't skimp on expenses in any area. It offered $900,000 to the Center for Act Any Studies at the University of Nebraska, which spent the money funding various education infrastructure projects in Kandahar. Eminence figures joined the charitable enthusiasm. Among them was Gerald Bordman, the former director of the Pressure War Office of USAA, US Agency for International Development, who opened the school to train some 400 Afghan teachers, electricians, carpenters and pipe fitters to help you to calculate the pipeline. Robert Oakley, former US ambassador to Pakistan, was hired to oversee the diplomatic division of this Afghan gold mine. He set up Shabbin aslamabad in the offices of Settgaz, a local consortium created by Unicall. On the Saudi side, in addition to Delta Oil, all of the princely families wanted a profit from the new Taliban leadership, which was bringing ordered to the region. As for breeders, after Unicall's betrayal, the Argentinian company was eager to find new partners and approaching Harko-A, Saudi company with close ties to Turkey, Al-Faisal, director of intelligence for the GID. That's yet a chapter 3 in that book for Bitten Truths, you really ought to go out and buy it, it's paperback. And it'll give you really, you know, it's for the people I want to really understand what's going on in the world. It all comes back to two things, money and oil, oil and money. That's what it's all about. In fact, in yesterday's Washington Post writes, then Morgan and David be on a way, in Iraqi war scenario, oil is the key issue. Oh, not amazing. How every time he has to do with Bush and Cheney and Cheney and Bush, that three letter words he's coming back over and over again. Oh, I.L. Oh, the local. Are you Westland, Austria, Iraqi President, Saudi Musaink, had opened a banana for American oil companies, long banished from Iraq, scuttling oil deals between Baghdad and Russia, France and other countries, and reshuffling world petroleum markets, according to industry officials and leaders of the Iraqi opposition. Although senior Bush administration officials say they haven't begun to focus on the issues involving oil and Iraq, American foreign oil companies have already begun maneuvering for a stake in the country's huge proven reserves of 112 billion barrels of crude oil, the largest in the world outside Saudi Arabia. The importance of Iraq's oil has made it potentially one of the administration's biggest bargaining chips and negotiations to win backing from the U.N. Security Council, and Western allies for President Bush's call for tough international action against two-sane. All five permanent members of the Security Council, the U.S. Britain, France, Russia and China, have international oil companies with major states in a change of leadership and Baghdad. It's pretty straightforward to inform a CIA director, our James Wolsey, who's building the leading advocates of forcing the same from power. France and Russia have oil companies in interest in Iraq. They should be told that if they are of assistance in moving Iraq to a decent government, we'll do the best we can to ensure that the new government and American companies work closely with them. But he added, if they threw in their lot would sad, it'll be difficult to the point of impossible to persuade the new Iraqi government to work with them. Indeed, the mere prospect of a new Iraqi government as fend concerns by non-American oil companies that they'll be excluded by the U.S. which will almost certainly be the dominant foreign power in Iraq and the aftermath of Hussein's fall. Representatives of many foreign oil concerns of the meaning would leaders of the Iraqi opposition to make their case for a future stake and to sound them out about their intentions. Since the Persian Gulf War 91 companies are more than a dozen nations including France, Russia, China and the Idleviat, Naman Algeria have either reached or sought to reach agreements in principle to develop Iraqi oil fields, refurbished existing facilities, or explore undeveloped tracks, most of the deals around a hold until the lifting of UN sanctions. But Iraqi opposition officials make clear and interviews last week that they will not be bound by any of the deals. We'll review all of these agreements definitely said Faisal Karagoli, a petroleum engineer who directs the London office of the Iraqi National Congress, and on Brello Organization of Opposition Groups that's backed by the U.S., our oil policy should be decided by a government in Iraq elected by the people. Right. Ahmed Chalabi, the ICO leader, when even a further, saying he favored the creation of a U.S.-led consortium to develop Iraq's oil fields, which have deteriorated under more than a decade of sanctions, American companies will have a big shot at Iraqi oil Chalabi said. The ICO, however, said it's not taken a formal position on the structure of Iraq's oil industry in the event of a change of leadership. While the Bush administration's campaign against to say this presenting vast possibilities for multinational oil giants, it poses major risks and uncertainties for the global oil market according to industry analysts. Access to Iraqi oil and profits will depend on the nature and intentions of a new government, whether it recommends a member of the organization of petroleum exporting companies, for example, or seeks an independent role for your whole-packs cartel quotas, will have an impact on oil prices and the flow of investments to competitors, such as Russia Venezuela and Angola. While Russia and World Company such as Lukor will have a major financial interest in developing Iraqi fields, the low prices that could result from a flood of Iraqi oil and the world market could say, fact, Russian government efforts to attract forward investment in some optimistic fields. That's because low-world oil prices could make costly ventures to unlocks Siberia's oil treasures for oil-suffering. Forschen-Chainee have worked in the world business and have long-standing ties to the industry, but despite the buzz about the future of Iraqi oil among world companies, the administration preoccupied with military planning and making the case about who's saying's potential threat has yet to take up the issue in a substantive way according to US officials. The future of a rack group, a task force set up at the State Department does not have oil on solicitive issues, a department spokesman said last week. An official with the National Security Council will find to say whether oil has been discussed during consultations on Iraq that Bush has had over the past several weeks, with Russian President Poon Tang and Western leaders. On Friday, a State Department delegation concluded a three-day visit to Moscow and connection with Iraq in early October US and Russian officials are to hold an energy summit in Houston in which more than 100 Russian and American energy companies are expected. Representative Kurt Weldon, Republican and Pennsylvania said Bush is keenly aware of Russian's economic interest in Iraq, stemming from a $7 billion debt that Iraq ran off with Moscow before the Gulf War. Weldon who has cultivated ties close to Putin and Russian parliamentarians, city believed the Russian leader will support you as Iraq in Iraq if he can get private assurances from Bush that Russia will be made whole financially, in other words, get their money back. Officials of several major firms said that we're taking care of avoid to avoid playing any role in the debate in Washington over how to proceed on Iraq. There's no real upside for American oil companies to take a very aggressive stance of this state. There will be plenty of time in the future, so James Lucie, an oil analyst with potential securities, but with the end of sanctions that likely would come with who stings out to companies such as exonmobile and Chevron, Texaco would almost assuredly play a role in this official said there's not an oil company out there that wouldn't be interested in Iraq when analysts said. And you do understand it's just a coincidence? Yes, of course. Good. 73 votes at our poll, how do you feel about GW's plans to invade Iraq? I'm against it. The timing smells of politics 30. Let's roll. Soutem has to go 25. Oh, I'm forward if our allies join in eight. I'm forward even if we have to go at a loan five. I'm again at the US should never be the aggressor. Say five. My wife and low. This is Fort Raleigh, 50. You wait two, and... So, state of the art sports book, you can wage art every major league baseball game, and even the winner of next year's Super Bowl. The Royal Oasis casino has all the Las Vegas action you want with blackjack, craps through Let him slots. And for you golfers, don't forget your clubs. The Royal Oasis Resort in Casino has incredible challenging courses waiting for you. Go for the day, the nighter, say the weekend, call 1-800-432-2294, for reservations for the best deal and best time in the Bahamas. That's 1-800-432-2294 for reservations at the Royal Oasis Resort and Casino. The Miami-Tolvines T-Gom that knew your chess Sunday. Read the rules to the right, looking and so, throw short, hook-light, come down. Let's stand, raise it in this cycle. First gets underway at Naniang with Goldian, countdown to kick off. Our David and Jim Edigens are played by Playbie getting it won. Here on Sports Radio 5-6-9. 2-A-M. Longest to those. This fall on television changes forever. His talent like it is dialed has already impacted millions of Americans. His appearances on Oprah have propelled him into the National Line Light. Get ready for a doctor-fail. Well, so, please am I 20-0. No, cry. I'm not crying. Look at me when you talk. I'm looking at ashes that you're from is your stupid. I mean, I think it's me, my husband, you got to be bad. But do in your stupid. Why are you crying? You see, I don't have any sympathy for you. You're bleeding me, my husband. Are you here in the 80s? We haven't had sex in my time. I'm one, never sex with you either. Look at the can on. Doctor, Phil. You know, the problem seems to be I come home. I want to watch TV. Why don't we only about you? Tell me about her. Well, I'm not trying to tell you. She comes into the room. I'll tell me what she does. Tell me what you do. I sit in the chair and I have the TV on. You can do, visit, watch, and TV. You're a deal. That's what men want to do. We just want to watch TV. You can't do it. Why want to do it? And we can't do it. See your problem is your dumb. You're a dumb, watching TV. It is. Usually, I said you're a dumb. Don't buy ball, me, like that. I'm trying to help you. You're on my show. You don't have your own show. Do you? You don't need some of that. Oh, I'm not there. So get it. Oh, just. Doctor Phil. He, doctor Phil, he just does. Now, why are you talking so quiet? You see, already I can tell that you're a push-o. But he doesn't. Don't tell me what he does. I just understand why I'm talking about this for you too. Some of this. Doctor Phil. He, go, Mr. Nelson, more or some love for you too. Okay, so today's the big day. I know you're excited about that. Oh, yeah. In fact, I got my record. It's a good, damn good thing. I don't know how that came up. I was playing a little bit of that for it because you were out last week when I played it. And I said, oh, my God, guiding lights on. It's been a clock this morning on CBS and I ran in the other room. I put on CBS and I started my BCR rolling. How do you like that? So I can watch your commercial free life between one and two while I have it a couple of cheeseburgers today and on a room here on Kipper. And then the three from three to five you can turn your TV off or find anything else because Dr. Phil back to back would have spent disgusting bitch with his partner in crime between a three and five. Oprah, we'll give you a bed in digestion. Give you a really bad. So Friday, Cliff Gorman. Croaked. You know who Cliff Gorman was? No. Neither did I. Because we were talking about how famous people generally die in trees in Johnnie and I this and Kim Hunter, the actress who was blackball. They died and then Miguel Blitz out. Cliff Gorman. I'm in the middle of some story. I'm doing here. Cliff Gorman. What? Who? Kim Hunter. Kim Hunter died. She's dead. Oh man. Exactly. That was my feeling. I was very famous people. She was a good actress, but you got blackball because she was a liberal Democrat. And of course back in early 50s with the McCarthy era. Comic pink over exactly. Commonista, the early 50s. Just like the old Cubans are living right now. Fifty 60 years ago. So anyway, they died and he's trying to say Cliff Gorman in the same category. I said nobody knows who that is including me. So I do a search on the internet here and I find out one of the movies he was in was Hoffa. Can you see Hoffa? No. You didn't see it? And so once again, my psychic powers going to work again or it was just a coincidence, which is more likely. Guess what movie was on? I want to my movie channels over the weekend. Hoffa. Yeah. And I'm sitting here Friday thinking, well, who the hell was in that movie? It was very well. And it was Jack Nicholson who played Hoffa looking, well, how do you know right if you didn't see it? I saw the previous. And he didn't look anything like Jack Nicholson. It was the only movie he was ever in that I can think of where he played a totally different role and a make up was incredible. And he looked a little bit like Hoffa. Certainly nothing like Jack Nicholson. It was the hairpiece. He was in there. He did. It was a good hour watch to begin over the weekend. Vim movie. So I just mentioned that in clip-gorman is still dead and we still don't know who he was. Okay, just real quickly because you were out for two days sick. And anybody else who missed when I was reading this forward from this book for Bitten Truth? Just one or two sentences. First and where it's talking about the abusious close advisors. First and rank was the placid and agmatic condolese arise. Even glossy celebrity magazines are interested in her listing the same pedigree each time. Professor Ritz Stanford, Soviet Specialist and former security council under Bush Senior in charge of Soviet Affairs, meanwhile from 1991 to 2000, Rice was a director of the Chevron Group, one of the leading world companies in the world, in which he notably dealt with questions related to developments in Kazakhstan. I just read that again. I don't know what inspired me to do it. Just in case you missed it the first time. Okay. Okay. Just a coincidence, don't you think? Yeah, of course. You're trying to make something to that. So these are three clowns who of course are now making their rounds. They were on with the Aaron Brown. You know something. And I wanted to fall to the ground. Man. They were on again Friday night. They're going to be on with King tonight. Of course, he's going to look their ass. Uh-huh. All three of them included in the woman I talked on is said these three punks. And it's very obvious is you try a course of tea said she said, I say we give the congressional metal of honor to you. And it's like I said, I'm Friday. Well, we're sitting here the whole soft floor area once again in a state of terror, peeing in our pants and the media doing their usual terrible job. And now these three guys. And then they got a press conference with their relatives. All we think this is terrible. And our sons are being in our brothers are being held. And the other, and they never stole a freight train. They didn't do not. Well, maybe if they wouldn't open up the stupid mouth and made those comments, which of course now they deny. Because they know that if it's proven that it was fraud that they were going to want to line up in big, big fat trouble. So now it's, you know, just their word again, serves three against one. Follow what I'm saying. I thought what chances for you is dumb God who, like I said, even though she's kind of a Yahoo, broad from Georgia deserves it. Because she was doing what they keep telling us to do. Beyond the alert, we got a freaking orange alert open your ears, open your eyes, open your rectum, and find out what's going on around you. And that's what you was trying to do. Right. And if you've been on conversations, if anybody's wearing a doily on their head. Right. That's right. And a bit of a yenta, which is what Miguel suggested, which he's probably right, but would never to last. Suppose they wouldn't have had a lot of bomba in that car or a bunch of, uh, bachelors and whatever they would have had. And now they're, well, why? No, oh, oh, oh, no, we can't go to school. That's good. Good. Go to school and, uh, the South Dakota. They got plenty of white open spaces up there, okay? See how they like you, schmoth head or the North Dakota. Well, North, like I said, go to school and British Columbia, not like in Vancouver, but way, go to school way up in Northern Ontario would be good. Or way up in Quebec. Or how about a Newfoundland would be good? So anyway, the hero writes on Saturday, and I noticed that they caught something with Paula that I caught right here on the year on Friday when she said it. And I took her to task right on the year when we're carrying the audio from CNN about that well, you know, there's the nuclear power plant at Turkey point. Is only, yeah. And she says it's only a couple dozen miles east of where this is taking place. Well, guess what, Paula, you better get out your measuring tape again. Okay, bitch. Because this was, this was all taken place just barely east of the, um, alligator, allie, turnpike, uh, inference there enables, right? And to see it's only a couple dozen miles, what is that? Is the crow fly? It's 100 freaking miles across, okay? Just a stupid bitch. Just over so anyway, it says in the hero, and if it's an hero that could be right, it seems like everyone connected the dots here, WSD and Fox seven anchor, Christine Crusade during the six-hour of the marathon coverage of your Friday's bombscare on alligator alley, it seems like everyone did what they were supposed to be doing. Like a lot of what was said during the coverage, that was about half right. Television reporters were certainly connecting dots, lots of dots, some of them seemingly from another planet. But if journalism is about facts and not hyped, then they definitely weren't doing what they were supposed to do. Friday's coverage was the source of a staggering amount of misinformation, among the inaccurate reports. Several stations reported that a woman in Georgia told police, three Middle Easterners, were coming to Miami to blow something up. That's not what you said. Several also said cops filed a themenek to they were passed at Tullbowt in I-75, run one car ruled by the normal rate of speed, the other stop and paid the tools for both cars. Fucking half-hage by the way, three bucks. The cops used explosives to detonate a suspicious nap sack found in one car. They didn't. Channel seven reported that explosive triggers were found in one of the cars. There were no triggers or anything else to do with explosives. Channel seven also reported that cops were searching for a third car. They weren't. It was a wretched performance. Worse yet, a wretched performance that dragged on for eight hours, terrorizing South Florida and smearing the daylight out of the three medical students who can be counted on the contribute heavily to the next edition of the travel guide of what sucks about South Florida. Like I said though, they should have kept their mouth shut. This is what's wrong with local news said, Bill Pohover, news director Channel 10, one of the two stations, that kept their perspective on the story and stuck with regular programming. WLTV, Univision 23, was the other. This is why viewers get disgusted with local news. He said, My only quippel with Pohover is the word local. The worst parody of journalism Friday was actually on CNN, where the high paid low rated anchor, Paul is on speculated without a jot or tiddle of evidence that the three men were coming to Florida to blow up the turkey point nuclear reactor. Now you know why CNN promotes her sex appeal rather than her news judgment. Local stations, at least, had the excuse that when you go live for six to eight hours, you got to fill out the airtime with something, especially when the pictures are dull shots of cops standing around empty automobiles, at best that stuff will get on the air without the being as thoroughly checked as it should be. Hey, worst is me, I forget the robot. Oh, yeah, Oh, that was the only interesting problem that little, the bomb sniffing robot. Anyway, it says, that best that means stuff will get on the air without being as thoroughly checked as it should be. It worst means you tell a cast of oats into rampant speculation hype. We had plenty of both on Friday. The most egregious offender was, as you'd expect, WSDN7, where it sounded like the staff had all anchors, Christine Cruz and Tom Haynes back from strumming under the causeway, and personally administering lethal injections to the three to 10 men they had already tried and convicted. Over and over, the cops and public officials interviewed by the stations reported as caution that there was no physical evidence against the men. WSDN7, WSDN7, false report of explosive triggers, notwithstanding. They hadn't been arrested, and they wouldn't even be called suspects yet. Over and over, Cruz and Haynes ignored them. The story started as sinister plot Cruz warned, darkly. Now it's become a tack on Miami. Haines wondered whether these guys apparently on their way to Miami to do some harm to the city of Miami were tied to El Caeda. This looks like some loosely pulled together plot he added, later we called them three men apparently on their way to Miami with some ill intentions. Sometimes I seriously wondered if Haynes was listening to his own station. At one point WSDN aired an interview with the Georgia woman who reported the three men to police. She described over her in one man asked, you think we have enough to bring it down, and another answering if we don't have enough I have context, we can get enough to bring it down. Seconds after the interview ended Haynes summarized like this. Three men talking about driving down a Miami and using some sort of explosive device to blow it up. How he read that into those two simple sentences I'll never know, though I'll bet Paul's on can tell us. What a great article. It doesn't have any credit on who wrote this, but in the Saturdays here, it'll be nice gone. It's a good one for the here, and it's about time. My life and law, this is for 235-15. You wait, you wait, you wait, you end. A dirty to me. No, from purple plastics, it's the talking and flatable bani, just put the batteries in and in flanks. Okay kids, now go get mommy, it's hammered a grab, the iteration, two between my legs and blue! Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah, oh, yeah, this is for me, this is for me, oh, well, mommy, just will have to store it over again. Oh, talking in flatable bani, available now. Okay, I'm just looking at this bill or Riley thing that you just backs me. Yeah. Foxes are Riley and fight with conservators. There's nothing unusual about Pugnace's talk show host Bill or Riley being in a fight. They realize this time is who he's fighting. And a fast and wiser Riley's come under attack from the right from the same ideologues who would help make Fox News channel personality. One of the most popular figures on cable TV, the same fascists, the same mindless idiots. Oh, by the way, wait a minute, wait a minute, are you telling me that the guiding light is not on now? Oh, no. You have to be kidding me. Wait a minute, I'll tell you a little bit about the guiding light. So in other words, the local Buffalo affiliate here is not carrying guiding light this morning. Beep, ready, go. Think I have some stupid idea. Oh, no. And I got to tape running another room to tape this any out of quish, well, it's way goes. Well, find out about this. In fact, I'm going to have to because you're a while mistaken. You know, Hank cheats every day and does that in the, especially the five to six hour, either the coach one step show or it's been oh cook or some other, the today it's that more with Hank five to six, which is great. You know, it's just another way of having an easy hour. I was thinking we could put the audio from guiding light on between 10 and 11 every morning. Wouldn't that be great? If we could time the commercial breaks together. Sure, no problem. Earlier this month on the Riley fact, we had a ribbon conversation with Bible toting Stephen Bennett a Connecticut ministry with speaks out against the adoption children by Gays and Les beans. After a Riley called Bennett a religious Connecticut to conservative groups, concerned women for American, the American family association, urged members to protest. Nice going Bill. Always like that Bill, or Riley, you know what? Even though he's a full of crap. I got 100 emails telling me I'm going to hell or rather said that's a little personal. You know what this boils down to again? It's what he's all about. You know, just a lot of publicity and a lot of, you know, keeps stirring the pots during the pot. Then makes, because he really isn't an idea long. He's just, you know, all about himself. He's an eager to this. And it's obviously working pretty well. 118 votes on a pool. How do you feel about GW's plans to invade Iraq? I'm against it the timing smells of politics. 47. Let's roll. Shot him hands to go. 38. I'm all, let's see. I'm for it if our allies join in 13. I'm against it. The US would never be the aggressor 13. I'm for it even if we have to go with a loan seven. That's 118. So let's see, against it's 60. And in favor, at least, the 116, 58. Almost that even. Almost the standoff divided right down the middle. And you got to give him credit, though. He's done a magnificent job, especially with that mindless speech. See, the only thing he did to the win is he bullied them. He basically said, you're a bunch of paper tiger assholes. You got all these resolutions you never enforced. Are you really going to do something for what they're just going to sit down and be a bunch of pussy. And of course, they got very upset about that. Oh, well, you can't say that. Even though, of course, everybody knows it's true. So we did a good job of doing that. He didn't know job of laying out any new evidence against the set. I'm because we don't have any. But, you know, don't confuse the world with the fact because it's already a done deal. It's already been decided. It's a fate of complete, which is why on a front page of all the newspapers today. The Saudi said, oh, yeah, come on down. No problem. Aren't these the same Saudis who were given us a bunch of crap about using our a patient and we are against the Afghanist man? Are they the same Saudis? Right. Yeah. Oh, no problem. Yeah. This is against the dawn. That's right. And number one, they're scared, crap. Let's just say, I'm going after them. And number two, they want their peace. They want their peace in the action, baby. Just like that business about Poon Tang and Roger. Oh, yeah. Well, if you let us invade Georgia and assure us that we're going to get our peace of the action with the oil and Iraq, then no problem at all. We're just singing at a different tune now. And lo and behold, on Friday afternoon, we get a story. Oh, yeah, Poon Tang warns he's already to invade Georgia. Huh. They're not too happy in Atlanta about that. In fact, see. If they were to have to see it in around those bastards, if I think I vote for it. Miami bomb flight delayed in Atlanta after man taken off flight. See, here's another genius. Take off of a Delta airline flight tonight. I mean, we delayed about an hour Friday. And this is another area where they were getting everybody panicky. Was it on this also was she on end? I'm Friday. About well, our Delta flight has been diverted. Making it sound again is if there was some grotesque thing happening in Miami. Other than the usual other than the vote counting. Delayed about an hour after man was taken off the airline by a federal arms because of suspicious activity. The suspicious activity wasn't specified, but several of the passengers who arrived in Miami said the man made the nervous. The man was a scored draw flight 537 by at least one federal air marshall. The passenger was not identified. The Miami bomb flight from Hartfield International in Atlanta was Everton on the runway 1137 AM said Brian Doyle spokesman for the TSA. It took off an hour later. The passenger was clutching his carry on bag tightly. He was removed from the plane, searched the second time and put on another flight. Flight 537 arrived in Miami around 1 pm. It was a little nerve wracking said passenger Jason Malvahill, the relation to Jason London. Of homestead, Malvahill was sitting towards behind the man who was taken off. I didn't know what triggered the answer. Another passenger Jessica Valenza was husband is in the Navy. It was on a flight to make a connection to Costa Rica or homeland. She said the man taken off the plane was sitting close to her. The passenger was in the Navy. She gave herself a way she said. She gave herself a way so much that they took them off that plane and put them on another flight. How do you like that? Maybe he had like wild diarrhea. You can relate to that. Oh yeah. Not a fact. No. What's that next breaker? Any second. That's right. Any second. But you can get up and go Carlos can handle it. I mean tell me about how it'll be fine. Did I mention that online detective is there? Don't get sucked in or do people out there. Don't be putting your credit card numbers on a guy they're in and out. Don't get sucked into these websites with a big comment. You oughta really check that out. Just take a look at their website. No thanks. No seriously. I did hear it now. Just take a look at it. You don't have to sign up for it or register. But just take a look at how he elaborate it is. And it goes on and on. And they got to go to the logo with the credit cards. And they show you where to put in this number and put that number. And I'm going to stick it. I'm a smock. I feel like a real idiot. Veships accused of ignoring new rules. Veships in some Roman Catholic Dicis around the country are not following rules set by child protection charter approved in June. A national victims advocacy group said yesterday. Members of survivors network of those abused by priests, SNAP said more than a dozen viships have not adhered to rules of a charter. Require them to remove from public ministry priests expect that molesting children or other sexual misconduct. Hanky Panky invited a bobbest to look for interns. The group has asked you in the National Review Board chair by Governor Frank Keating to denounce Dicis. That do not follow the Dallas charter members of the review board which meets the local homocity of federal review boards need to ensure compliance not the national both need to be pressured into enforcing the terms of the charter. Violations include hardball legal tactics by two Oklahoma priests who filed slandersuits against people who accused them of sexual misconduct. So David Klo has the National Reactor of SNAP. If it comes out of a choice between protecting the reputation of one grown up in the safety of dozens of kids, it shouldn't be a hard call he said. It shouldn't be hard. SNAP said violations also include delays in failures to move or known or allegedly abusive clerics, failure to consult with diocese and labor view panels, and failure to provide the openness promised by the viships. SNAP says at least five priests who be the confess to molesting children or venecuse of it are still serving in the public ministry. These SNAP allegations come only a few days after report out of Rome that the Vatican is taking a dim view of some of the guidelines approved by the US viships on the grounds that they're too quick to judge priest who venecuse. Another development yesterday, Cardinal Bernardo Law celebrated mass without mucine your Michael Smith Foster, the vicar general and high-streaking priest to be accused of sexual abuse. Law had invited Foster to appear with a man mass-affiraged symbolic public reconciliation but Foster was suspended again Saturday when a former altar boy who was withdrawing a lawsuit against Foster brought forward new information. How do you like that? New information. I just mentioned that in passing and like I told you it was just a dog and pony show and they just, you know, they did whatever they had to do until the media finally got tired of it and went on to other things like let's blow up or rack stuff like that. See those are the ones that are really caved in other media which I have a couple of stories about that. Or here's another airline joke. Don't the airline's flight to leave the Guadier for about to leave for for law order. We just can't stop man. We're involved in airbie grimy, slimy airbie piece of turd. It just it floats like every sofa. It's not so pure but it floats. And don't the airline's flight about to leave the Guadier for for law order. It'll set on if no return to the gate after a passenger told a flight attendant he'd brought a bomb on board police said. Another genius. Another rocket scientist. Passengers. In fact, let's call him. Let's get him down here and have him count votes. Passengers were taken off the plane and the man was arrested to port authority sergeant police sergeant John O'Donnell. No relation to bill O'Donnell. A search of the man's luggage in plane with at least one bomb sniffing dog turned up. No explosives at O'Donnell said. Flight 50-0-3 was scheduled to leave 330 said. They went to flight attendant and asked the male passenger to take off some electronic equipment he was using the man then said. There's a bomb in my bag and the overhead compartment at O'Donnell said. Port Authority police said in relation to name. Fellow passenger Carl Aguidama's Guadamu is told CNN. The man may have been joking about having a bomb. She said she wouldn't have the arrest. Her name is about the bomb comet. I guess I should have said that. Oh no, Schmidt. The man was about 6 feet tall. Have you said with all of his kin and dark hair? She said he had no foreign accent. Guadamu was about 100 passengers were on the plane. According to the elders website, the flight took off shortly after 5 p.m. And was doing for a long time shortly after 8. This is a flight that was supposed to leave near a concrete 30. And because some asshole on there said, Oh, there's a bomb in the overhead. And then he says, I guess I shouldn't have said that. By the way, you're right about the site, by the way. Available at your local software dealer soon. Great. I'm like the fact that 3.0. Look at that. It doesn't look legit. And I thought it was a fact that I didn't hear anything. Great length of body length. That he said to me, he said, All of that stuff that's on there. 99% of it is fraud. It's phony. It's a common. And even if you do want to get the sign up for like a one guy, I said they already registered with his name and address. They couldn't find his address. He already gave it to him and he's still couldn't find it. Get a listed phone number. They couldn't find that either. After I found out for this, I'm going to the 3-card Monti site. Excellent. And then go to the Monti Python site and the Monti Halsai while you're at it. It's a 12 minutes after 10 at 5.60 Qm. Even though it's a holiday baby, it's young kipper. And we have no Jews today. We in the Humper. Me in the Humper and that more I forgot about him. Two minutes to one. The Humper at three. Wouldn't that more from 5 to 6? Oh, look at that. What is that all about? What is Hank doing a 3-hour show now or what? Have you either looked at the schedule? Okay, I'm looking. See, I guess we have to get that in. And her cool hotline thing. Yeah. So that's on from 6 to 6.30 from the hex set. It rhymes with Dreck. And so Hank's got a 3-hour show. He's got a 2-hour show because he's gotten that more. They're nice going here, Hank. Excellent job, baby. You are hours and more money. That's what we want. That's our philosophy. Me the mad dog and the Humper. Work less, get paid more. After the hurricane hotline, we got the Marlins on Dreck. Marlins at the Brave 705. And not at. Again, whatever. 7300 yesterday announced. The big old beyond 1030 after baseball. Oh, because any case Jewish and Jewish and Jewish and Mark overnight. Neither one of whom Mark is. But that's right. It's too late. 12 minutes after 10 at 5.60 W to Qm. Orealmead can make you feel better. There's some great stuff. And it was a little capsules. Just pop them right in here. Pop a few in your posts. Orealmead is a softshell capsul loaded with pharmaceutical Great olive oil. It's got full potency. By the way, I'm like when you open a bottle of olive oil. And it starts to oxidize no matter how expensive it was. Extra virgin etc. It starts oxidizing as low as potency. But Orealmead has got the best olive oil in there. And it's a little capsul along with vitamins and minerals in herbs. And the idea is to probe health for different parts of your body. They make one product specifically designed to help your prostate. One for your heart. One for your blood pressure or cholesterol. Orealmeads also got supplements to probe health in your sickle of Tourist system. Your digestive and endocrine system. Your skin and bones. Even your mind. All using the benefits of the finest olive oil that they can find. And Orealmeads got products for men. And several ones for you ladies as well. Orealmeads available in Walgreens. Whole food markets and moral pharmacy and sedanos. It's a stupidest exciting sensation of new product. And if you want to get more about what it does and where you should put it. Call their toll free number 1-866-Orealmead. That's 1-866-Orealmead. And you can order their products on their website. If you like it, OrealmeadAmerica.com. My local best is 560. The range is on your own. P-O-A-M. Bye-bye. I'm feeling honey tonight. Do I want a girl or a guy? Where my butt cheeks a glimpse inside? Oh, I need a big boy. I won't in my seat. And I'm craving a man's hot meat. So I'm on a hot streak. For a man to bone. I don't want to love your back door. Any no lie. I don't want to make you from so soon. Cause a bye-bye. I don't want to be a double for you. I don't want to make you a like the girls too. You know why I like the girls? And I spoke that well. Cause a bye-bye. Yeah, I want to be a double for you. I don't want to make you a like the girls too. I could score some boo but I'd like to pound those guy guys. 10 18 to 5 60. If you have a happy Monday to you, I'll throw you a juice out there eat something. You won't rot and hell believe me. Three people shot today. Office building on Broadway and your 40th street in New York. No cuss that no one suspect in Cuss. Did you see that story? Nope. Well, why what do you want? What am I watching? Jenny Jones right now. She's got playins. How come you're not watching guiding light? Yeah, what turned on channel 4 which on that cable is 3 or something for just a second. Right? And see if guiding light is on. Yes it is. No, no, no. I don't want to play with this poker. Or something is. I don't know. I don't know. That's it. And I got some stupid quesio on here. And you want to know why? See on a cable here we get the buffalo network affiliates, which is wonderful. But in the meantime, every now and then global, which is in two different spots on a cable and three and 16 on my Rogers cable. It's like they've fixed up on there arbitrarily. They block out whatever the network program was. You follow what I'm saying? No. In other words, instead of showing you whatever the network is feeding, the Canadian cable people, they put a feed from some other thing on there. They don't want to hear what it's written for you. Well, they're right too because otherwise they'll be distracted here every day between 10 and 11. And even though I'm no serious. I'm tapin' in the other room. I'd be sitting here watching Guiding Light instead of CNN. And I wouldn't know about the three people getting shot. Let me tell you. There's an example right there. See what I'm saying? I see it. We have to be up on what's going on in a world. Not about Jenny Jones has a bunch of naked people on what channels. Oh, you don't get it. It's on the double double double double double. I don't get WB. I don't know, do you? I'll tell you. You're not in this room. I don't know. Am I in the other room? I don't know. In fact, last night they had a rerun. They had a two hour specialist small mill just to get us ready for a week from tomorrow. 24th next week. Smallville returns. Trained in tools of terror. Question Mark. Six men who worked lived in socialized together in Western New York. In Batavian, Oless too, were schooled in the tools of terror. They arrested the 60th day. You saw that? Yes. Including the use of suicide as a weapon and camps run by Osama, Yumama, Bin Laden's Al-Qaeda network. Federal officials be saying. Federal authorities who announced the arrest of the members of the alleged terrorist cell set Osama, Yumama himself, lecture them in on his anti-American beliefs. And they were in contra her Afghanistan in the months leading up to the 911 terrorist attacks. The men came home to lack a 1a, 5 miles south of Buffalo on a shore of Lake Eury. In June, 2001, Buffalo on a shore of Lake Eury. And that interesting way they put this on CBS News.com as if most people don't know where to help Buffalo is. You idiots? You know where it is? Chores of Lake Eury? Yes. Federal agents said they had no information to sell as planning in the tech in the US. We have the key players in Western New York FBI, Special Agent and Chartered Pedere, Hernd said Saturday, he ended the investigation as continuing. The Bush administration hailed the arrest in New York on the capture and Pakistan of a specific suspected 911 operative as a victory in Oregon, Terrorism. The arrest in Pakistan have rums he been all sheb demonstrated that we are relentless. We are strong and we're not going to stop President Bush said it can't David Merlin. One by one, we're hunting the killers down. One by one. Germany dropped its request to the extradition of Binalsheb on Sunday. Open in the way for these suspected 11 plot to be hit 911 plot to be handed over to the US after the last week by US and Pakistani intelligence. Oh, where are we going? Chalk up a couple for us guys. Okay. I was going to say for the good guys, but for us guys. As you can't always be too sure. Look at us, Democrats, question your rack timing. Well, maybe we'll get to that. Although I think I've already got that. Well, we'll see. New York Daily News says Al Gore-San is facing a drunken driving charge. After being arrested for allegedly driving recklessly near the Pentagon, a family spokesman confirmed yesterday. That was unafriety. And that, what is this? The strapping 19 year old have you ever seen him? Oh, he looks like he looks like a big, I don't know how to describe him. Like something out of deliverance. I mean, he's just, but he's big. I guess that's what I mean by strapping a big mugwomp. The mugwomp is 19 year old was pulled over for DUI by military police. And the wee hours of September 5th, outside for Meyer Virginia, short distance from the Pentagon, said Jane Cabrera spokesman for the former VP. It was his second driving, a friend's in just over two years. Cabrera said Al Gore the third was tough and ticketed, but didn't spend time in jail. He declined to say how and when, Gore got home. The family has believed that no one was hurt, Cabrera. Except beyond that, we're dealing with this privately as a family. Had just like no well. You know, the last and well would pull you through eventually. Ned Christian, Cindy, but no relation to Diana, Kristen, Cindy. spokesman for Fort Meyer. For Fort Meyer? Uh-huh. I see for Meyer Virginia. So the case has been turned over to the West Attorney's office for the Eastern District of Virginia. Senator federal court hearing will be held and an under-term and date. In other words, when they get around to it. Okay. After the smoke clears. Rod Stewart's on jail for attacking a man. See, this goes in pairs. We need a third. Maybe Cliff Gorman's going to be somebody up. Just before he dies. To late. To the son of Rod. I wonder what he played in the Hoffa. Fifth Gorman. I wonder who he was. The son of Rod. The son of Rod Stewart was sent to 90 days in jail. In order to undergo drug rehab last week. After pleading no contest to attacking a man outside a malibu California restaurant. Sean Stewart 22. I sure hope he isn't as ugly as dad was arrested December 5th. And was seen kicking the man in the face in stomach. The LA County District Attorney Office in the statement. After Dean Kane and his brother broke up the fight. Well, Dean Kane should be able to do it because he's Superman. Right. Superman with this. Now was this one Dean was acting butcher like a real fag like an emmovie. Was it? What movie? I don't know. And that movie was on last month. And it's a matter of fact I was channel surfing and I won right by it. They followed Stewart after he fled in the car reportedly attacked a police. Stewart was also a son. I wonder if he's kind of dance to it. All where flying. Stewart was also sentenced to five years of probation or a depain early 56. Have a bunch to the victim. He could have faced four years in state pen. In a separate case, Stewart was ordered to enter a drug rehab program in June after pleading guilty to possessing a controlled substance near the Viper room nightclub in West Hollywood. I think he may have just a little bit of a problem. And of course if your dad was around Stewart, you probably have a problem too. When you're a lot of money. Probably I'm looking at dad though. Man. You think he's sexy? Oh. Speaking of somebody who's definitely not sexy, which is why her hobby is still out looking for interns. Swill or recundant. This, you know what this reminds me of. It's like the Janet Reno thing all over again. It's called Democrats with the Death Wish. Right. Hillary Clinton for president question mark. This is in the New York Daily News today. The answer is yes. It's only a question of when it's like our attack on a rocket. Don't have a question of when well play sources said yesterday. The insider's told the Daily News the New York Senator is on your return to the White House in 2008 or beyond. Keep going. This, yeah, keep going like 258. The sense is that both she and president Clinton would like to see a run for president, but their first priority is getting a Democrat elected the White House in 2004 said a long time Clinton and citer. It may be over a few weeks and maybe 12 and maybe never what she's not going to be super about this. And make sure she does a job at senator the source and write at least to other sources, Crystal Clinton confirmed talking to return the White House and has picked up steam among members of the couples in her circle. Clinton kept her plans posted yesterday but in Clinton has bashing what she didn't say was as. on out by the way, I noticed that Colin Powell was on her again the other day yesterday. They keep their bangin' on a drums man. When asked if she'd accept the nomination for President or VP in 2004, Clinton repeated previous assertions she would absolutely not run and was 110% sure of that. When pressed about 2018, didn't rule out a run outright, saying twice she had no plans into intention of running. Ash Blackland appeared to avoid simple yes or no, while regarding a run in 2008, when she'll be 61 or after, spokeswoman Karen Dunsett, she was clear she's not running. The AP report last month that Brooklyn's talked about his wife seeking the White House as a question of when, not if. Like the attack on Iraq. In July, she scored 20% and they see in any way they got to a yellow presidential poll, a close second to Alvource 28%. Remember, at our poll, she did pretty good too. Oh, I know. I think we had a joke. Clinton has meant to pull off surprises and her two years in the sentence. She's shred her frosty, first lady image during a baby shower for Senator K. Bailey Hutchinson Republican Attext's Navy winning kudos former detractors like Senate Minority later trend lot to lecture pompoms a lot. 1026 at 560 WQA and get yourself a great new mattress and you'll sleep like a baby night after night. It'll make you feel better. Your back will feel 100%. So if the old mattress isn't doing the jump for you anymore, get you a great new mattress by calling our good close personal friends at the Alvource. That's what I always do. Being as lazy as I am, I know this is the smart and intelligent way. Not only to save time, but save a lot of cash too. One easy call to 100 mattress will hook you up to a bedding expert. They'll get you hooked up with a mattress which is exactly the kind you're looking for. And the top brand names whichever one you love the best. Serta, silly, Simmons and King Coil to make a long story short the best ones in the universe. And you always get exactly the one in order, nobody can swish. And when you call that a mattress, you pick today in the tour window for delivery any day, seven days a week like 10 to noon, 11 to 1, noon to 2, 1 to 3, 2 to 4, etc. 330 to 530. And you also get that 3 day in-home comfort guarantee so you can test your mattress the smart way by sleeping on it and do all sorts of the same things on it. So pick up that phone and call them right now. Before you know it, they'll be knocking on your door when you're going to be there when it's convenient for you instead of wasting a whole day of your life sitting there with your legs and fingers crossed. Brand somebody shows up. Style a mattress called 1-800 mattress 1-800-MATTRES or check them out the way if you prefer at macros.com. Oh my god, you're a breath so beautiful. This should be no doubt anybody's mind. Just man, just dumbing his nose at the wall. The American didn't know how to make it up my mind and how best to check her own comfort for her friends and allies. So hey George, what's your talent for that word about to go to war? Yes you, George you say yours little son, boy that was dumb. Hey George, now you're looking for that guy who's friends us before. Guess what? You made one big boo boo seed. Believe me, that was just well. That you had to tell the plan to attack until get wet. That was just guarantee their leader will be absentee. Tell me why you have to go until a ractor gonna be invaded. If he knows now, knows your common form so we'll find a way to escape it. He's a guy that said he's now he's making his way underground so I doubt the word ever gonna find him on a three I can't believe you told the ractor be invaded. No, no, no. 1032 at 560 we contained Stalin for 40 years with that gigantic nuclear arsenal and of course we know as far as biological and chemical weapons they put us to shame. Right. In fact since last year ago, 119 11 we've been seeing all these stories about well. We don't know where a lot of that stuff is and a lot of it's under like lock and key that you feel like you know with no guards and you could pick the lock with your thumbnail and stuff like that. George could pick it and the lock too. But you know that we contained him for 40 years and he had all he wasn't like working on building a bomb. He had this gigantic arsenal of nuclear weapons and I don't know what he's at but I'm like Sodom who killed Thos of his own people and gave me the old gas. He killed millions of his own people Stalin but oh that is irrelevant now because well for whatever. Linda Stacy writes a new huh? I'm just taking it. Join Jo and Mark tonight 9 11 for Monday night football a Gaffee a Gaffee's Kendall store. Stuff by the wind prices and enjoy specials on crown royal. It's the Eagles and the Reds against that Gaffee's in Kendall. How about those Patriots? Tom Brady, baby. Man did they kick some serious jets out yet even the dolphin fan should have enjoyed that. Because they loved seeing the jets lose but on the other hand it might give them a little bit of pause. After seeing the lions get crushed by a girl's team again yesterday. The same line to the dolphin's crush the last week and then of course beaten the team that's got no defense at all the occult and just hanging on by their thumbnails because the cults kind of ran out the clock on themselves amazing. But we'll see we'll see when push comes the show and who would you rather have his quote about on your team. Jay Fiedler or Tom Brady. Orange you glad that we're not panicking right Linda Stacy in the or post? Cute, it's cute article. Not that they wanted to cause man's panicking or anything but Tuesday the White House went orange. That's the day the fans raised the terror terrorist color bar to code orange which is not as bad as red but definitely worse than yellow blue or green. What are we supposed to do with this information it was hard to know but I do know I'm not leaving the house until we're declared full teal. We're also we're not to panic but nonetheless beyond guard forces suspicious people who may or may not be terrorists carrying weapons of mass destruction. Right, I see now I got it over because it because it says breaking news on CNN we've got control of the bin al-sheep in pack is that news? We got control of them. In other words we got to buy some nails. Excuse me for our I wish delgating light was on you know what they make me sick. We were also we're not to panic but nonetheless beyond guard forces suspicious people who may or may not be terrorist carrying weapons of mass destruction. Right, excuse me but this is New York everyone is suspicious. It's not as easy to blend in anywhere else. Take the morons who try to pull a sick joke and George the last week. You can mirror your own brother there and still be considered normal but you'll have a show on the phone. And you'll end up with your keys to the camp. That's what happened when a woman over her three young Middle Eastern looking men making inappropriate remarks over breakfast and a Kellon County restaurant reported them. In the spirit of not panicking airplanes were divided a 20 miles stretch your highway we shot down and three Middle Eastern looking young men were finally nailed and then released in Florida. The men pulled us down apparently to spook the woman after she stared at them suspiciously. Also in the spirit of not panicking on Tuesday, a Northwest yet on Route to Vegas was divided to Fort Smith, Arkansas after was reported that three Middle Eastern looking men locked themselves together in a restroom and shaved. Later was determined that the men of Indian descent had not been in the restaurant together but that two of them had used the bathroom and succession and stayed into long. Three questions. One, how could three guys even fit into one airplane restroom? Two, how do you not lock yourself into an airplane bathroom without falling into the bowl in the dark? And three, why did these guys get to take their raises aboard if I personally have donated six tweezers to nail files in one cuticle blipper to various airline security guards? A Hispanic passenger who was recovering from surgery was fast asleep, was also arrested for heat claims being dark skined. To modify the terrified-deverted passengers, Northwest treated them all the pizza and beer in the force bill therefore. Hey, three airport pizza in Arkansas, who would make an emergency landing for something like that? And one of the airline also came up with three tickets. Finally in the spirit of really, really not panicking, Senator Patrick Lehi, Democrat of Vermont suggested that mosquitoes carrying West now virus may be in fact a living weapon of bioterror. The feds immediately arrested seven billion mosquitoes but were forced to release all but 13 after the average claim racial profiling. Pretty good by Linda Stanti and the inn here are posted today. Two, I like this. This is a great article never forget what rights Frank Wichdon or relation to fat rich. How's fat rich doing by the way? I was hoping you'd tell me. This is in yesterday's New York Times or was it said or is like I said in Saturday's New York Times, Frank Wichwich writes never forget what? Candle is still a little prize in Washington that you want to shake the hand of anyone who dares committed. So cheers to Andrew Card, the president's chief of staff for telling the times Elizabeth Bumill or the real reason that his boss would held his full front of Mosin Sottomus saying until September. From a marketing point of view, you don't introduce new products and August he said. Mr. Card is taking some heat for talking about a war in which many may die as if were the role out of a new SUV. But he wasn't lying and history has already proved him right. This campaign has been so well-timed and executed that the new product already owns the market. The unofficial model of the 9-11 anniversary may have been never forget, but by 9-12 if not before the war in Al Qaeda was already fading from memory as the world was invited to test drive the war on Iraq. Al Qaeda may be forgotten but it's not gone apparently even from the summer was above low, at least two thirds of its top leadership stay are still a large. A draft version of a UN report on our finger to shut down its cash flow says Al Qaeda is by all accounts fit and well and poised as struck again at its leisure. It's already struck at least a half dozen times since January. regime change anyone. Al Qaeda almost brought one about an Afghanistan assuming it's likely role in the assassination attempt on Hamid Karzai is Harry Shuris at an this historical radio programly show 9-11 is the event that changed everything except terrorism. But on to Iraq, Sottom might be able to build a nuclear weapon within a year said George W.W. the UN on Thursday. Yes, but Pakistan where the Washington Post recently found two top-cut operatives planning newations with impunity already has nuclear weapons with terrorist reach. Al Qaeda terrorist escape from Afghanistan owned to be in Iraq said Mr. Bush on Thursday. Yes, but their Qaeda operatives in the 65 countries and the times reported this week that the largest number of them are in Afghanistan and Pakistan. Iran identified by Mr. Bush's own state department in May as the most active states sponsor of terrorism, Syria and Yemen are not far behind and then there's our ally Saudi Arabia. According to USA today nearly 80% of the hits on a secret of Qaeda websites in Stun have come from addresses in the country that also spawn nearly 80% of the 9-11 hijackers Saudi Arabia. That Iraq is a grave and gathering danger to the President also said is not in doubt, but is it as grave and danger as the enemies that attack the Merckon 9-11 and those states that are most integral collaborators? The campaign against Iraq, Rob Benz, growcroft and the Afid that launched the thousand others is certain that I've heard of for some indefinite period from our war in terrorism since major Qaeda attacks are planned well in advance and historically been separated by intervals of probably 24 months. We'll find out how much we've been distracted soon enough. There is now a debate about the new war but so far spent they largely a parochial Washington affair largely about process and soon to be academic. Well President Bush has Congress for authorization to go after Sudan while the consultant security council we now know the answers are yes and yes but that Congress will not stand in his way. If then, I'm a crant can't challenge the President about taxes they certainly won't about war. The security council may now sign on too to Mr. Bush's rightful demand that the UN enforcers own resolutions against Iraq but when side of an all likelihood box we'll go to war no matter how few are allies. If you think back to that ancient past in summer of 2001 you'll recognize the game plan from the White House and several weeks of deliberation over stem cell research. He's listening to all sides of debate. Are he fleshers said then even though was evident from the get go that Mr. Bush would do pretty much what he always intended after a few even after a few weeks of ostentatious listening. I guess I have to end up now for the break right? Okay Frank rich never forget what there's a lot more to it in the New York Times Saturday. You know that county pink on New York Times you know that one. Yes. 1040 at 560 WQM on half a U.M. Keper to our Jewish friends out there eat something okay believe me don't go fast in the day you'll be a polishing man like I see in Yugoslavia. And by the way I had a lousy time in Yugoslavia was that movie massive feel with Jack Lemum remember? No Jack Lemum in the guy from when I know the movie but I never saw Charles turning right from a stranger called Big Fat Charles turning. Anyway if you love your home but you desperately need to more space here is what you do you call our good friends like hundreds of other people are doing it strictly additions whether you're having a baby and need another room if you're converting a car porter patio and living space or maybe you went into business for yourself want to make a home office you know so you can open up like a online detective service called strictly additions. There you're one stop shop more space for your place place with an absolutely worry for your approach to expanding your living space those no shows by the contract is will not happen in complete work. Uh-huh. A lot of expected bills no worries about the job not getting done right and they take care of air-free single land to tail they draw for your blueprints they get the building permits and all the inspections for you strictly additions has got an easy five step approach to total customer satisfaction number one they be calling the scheduling free project evaluation appointment at your home where project estimator will determine the scope of your addition by the way did I mention that all my answer gone George yes you did thanks a lot Stephen john says your strange to two is scheduled a bit of a woman in their convenience room where you'll get a detailed proposal and exact price for your work three select your finishing touches and go to contract for review the design and architectural drawings and five just sit back on your lazy ass and relaxes your dream edition moves ahead on schedule with unbeatable quality it's so easy it's almost like a piece of cake without the carbs and the calories so if you're strictly additions a call at nine five four seven nine one eighty one hundred that's nine five four seven nine one eighty one hundred their license their injured professionals who care about doing a stupidious job check out the red and the other pages call nine five four seven nine one eighty one hundred forced to quickly additions and tell that old Neil and pity Lenny told you to call and all just for twenty five six two way out I know all of the context in sex is waiting on just roll day on the when it's on is up all way over school for the switch and light them up if you're in sex is watch what you do could be but you don't go out to get five George W. Oh, we got the record and he's not done yet he's five thirty eight and the long thought they get way away away away away wish like execution yes well that guy I'm crying over here ten forty six at five sixty w w q and we got the mad dog coming up a one ankle burb being the trooper that he is another he's working like about an hour a day so he's trying to catch up to me I think ankle be on like three to six nine more five six to make room for her cool hotline six o'clock I think that's pretty wide of no two like step in the sign to make room for that great important show never forget what Frank writes right in the Saturday New York Times and it continues the question the president on a rack is an invitation to have one's patriotism be smurched the infected aimed at those with the toughest questions almost all of them pillars of the republican or military establishments have been ordered borderline ugly complete with the requisite illusions to level chamberland but it's hard to find any doubt or the war who wants to a peace out and were to nize that he's an evil player the question many critics are asking is why is he jumped to the head of the most monodless when the war on al-Qaeda remains unfinished in our resources are finite even though it's who can stomach preemptive war as a new doctrine wonder if we have our preemptive priority straight taking noon in this faithful a George W. partisan is there is sharp in the question most puttedly in the Wall Street Journal of the Turret page last Wednesday when she implore the president to give us facts instead of sermons and making his case sottom is evil is not enough she wrote a number of people are evil and some even are friends like he used to be sottom has weapons of mass destruction is not enough a number of countries do what the people he now is hard data that demonstrate conclusively that sottom has weapons of mass destruction which he's ready to use on the people of the u.s. or the people of the west and maybe even the non west what we've been getting instead is one thing worse than no data false data for months of administration officials have been trying to implicator rack in nine eleven with a story of alleged April 2000 meeting in Prague between Muhammad Ottani sottom spy but the CIA can find no evidence of this and the 21 page fact sheet the west released with the president's speech mentions no sottom 911 link at all as for nuclear arms last weekend in his appearance with Tony Blair the president referred to when nineteen ninety eight international atomic energy agency report that said that Iraq was six months away from developing a nuclear weapon adding I don't know what more evidence we need plenty more as it happens because agencies spokesman says no such report exists this is why those who want most of the minister bush from a conservative geopacen leader like don nickels to our allies keep saying mr. nickels words you're not giving us enough it's this high handed this and echoes the run up to be at none the analogy can be over done certainly since today's armed forces are highly unlikely to find a rack of military quagmire and no one can even try to make a case that legitimacy of sottom's regime but there's a wide-naked credibility gap between the white houses marketing of the war and the known facts the arrogance of this CEO administration which gives citizens no better information then companies like halibut and gave it with stockholders because the hubris of those ivy league in corporate with kids on Robert Macameraz pentagon team as who saw themselves as veteran brighter than the rest of us but on to Iraq anyone who believes that mr. bush might turn back now is not been following the path of a president who buys own account never second guesses of decision indeed we've already ratcheting it we're already ratcheting up our long-standing military engagement with sottom as we move from containment to attack mode though it might be best of focus on less on procedural debates such as the timing and wording of whatever stand for rural congress will deliver and more on the tougher questions the administration will prefer to ignore what happens if al-Qaeda tax the u.s. or if Afghanistan or Pakistan falls while we're at war in Iraq can we continue to meet our commitments with an all volunteer army as budget deficit spirally the foreseeable future where we'll be get the tens of billions of dollars we need to support the post-sottom Iraq that we will surely inherit is sottom our new focus because he's the most catastrophic threat or is there another agenda that should be spelled out whether it involves oil or unfinished bush family business this is the candid talk we need to have maybe the administration can make the case that we can simultaneously rip al-Qaeda and sottom secure Afghanistan for keeps paying the rest of the access of evil go to gas and perpetuity and keep cutting taxes for some of us like the rich if that's so when someone else's children will be marching on Baghdad what paper would not stand up and say let's rule what a good color on by frank rich in senator days new york times see it requires a little bit of thinking not a whole lot just a little bit of thinking before we like start waving a flag let's go get a because a few months ago i'd say hey let's go go get that senator bit you know and i'd also like to remind you that fact during Gulf war one back in early nineties were we able to kill them see he's got the all these so-called palaces which are like heavily fortified bunkers and you know and in addition to which if we as you call it's stir the hornet's nest and he does actually have all these chemical and biological agents which of course we provided for him factoring is war with the rand being one of those people who's not to a silo being one of those people who are you know he'd be more than happy to take down as many people with him as he could as a last gaspefford on a way out at that point we'd be inviting him to use those things right and then of course to be spotted by saying well if you use weapons of mass destruction we're going to like blow you in a stone age that means we're probably nuclear weapons on Baghdad uh see this isn't world war too we're dropping nuclear weapons on japan to save the lives of thousands of americans because we're in a world war and to try to end it sooner rather than later because the uh the emperors eludatek terrorist trojan horse rights senator chucks humor in the eneor times this was also on Saturday much of our recent national conversation has revolved around nuclear weapons of the potential terrorist to wreak havoc in america but while the bush administration is focusing attention on a potential war with the rack it's ignoring a less costly and less controversial method that could protect us more permanently from nuclear attack tightening our borders by installing devices that could detect nuclear weapons as terrorist attempt to smuggle them into the country such devices are feasible to create and which shield is not only from a rack but from nuclear terrorism launched by nations like Iran or groups like al-Qaeda or hezbollah just as important such a project when the estimated price tag of a billion dollars would cost far less than invasion of a rack just this week a container ship from library was stopped because of suspicions that it might contain radioactive material. Clearly the danger that even crudonably weapons post-horanation is increased dramatically and are post 9-11 world. The atomic bomb that exploded above her ocean was simple two hemisphere years of weapons great uranium were smashed together instantly creating a critical mass that released a blast of energy comparable to that created by exploding 15,000 tons of TNT. It was such a basic device that the scientists at al-amagordo felt no need to test it. No one doubts that today's terrorist groups have the technical expertise to make such a device. Worst, the illiterate smuggle such a bombing of our country not by plain or missile but like a Trojan horse in one of the tens of thousands of large cargo containers than there are ports across our borders daily. A suicide bomber could detonate the device in the center of one of our cities creating a disaster that would dwarf the horror of 9-11. The only thing preventing this from happening today is that terrorist groups like al-Qaeda not have the 110 pounds of weapons great uranium needed to create such a bomb if a rack is able to produce the need amount of enriched uranium that injured to America would be enormous. The administration sphere that Iraq could acquire nuclear weapons is justified. There are ways to help stop this nightmare from becoming reality. Every nuclear device produces gamma rays which pass through almost everything but lead. Today the only device that detects these raises a geiger counter that must be held within two feet the radioactive source. To have an inspector stop every container that comes to our land and water borders and enter the container and hold the geiger counter within two feet scores of boxes and creates an each container would bring commerce to a standstill. The good news is that scientists at our national energy labs believe the geiger counter could be improved in the tech nuclear devices 40 to 50 feet away. The super geiger counter should be installed on every crane that loads of our loads of container of cargo bomb for the US and above every tool booth that trucks pass under a Mexican and Canadian borders. Senator John Warner and I have introduced legislation to develop and eventually install such devices were attempting to add it to the Homeland Security legislation now being debated by the Senate. The Bush administration in the Congress have thus far shown little interest. The administration in some members of Congress are willing to consider spending $40 billion and risk the loss of many lives in a war with Iraq but there's a reluctance to spend money on domestic solutions much cheaper in lives in dollars. The administration is this far focused most of its energy on fighting terrorism abroad and is neglected the home fraud. At some point it may well be that the president will demonstrate that Iraq is able to produce critical masses of weapons-grade uranium before a nuclear detection devices can be developed but that's no excuse for failing to also pursue this peaceful and more permanent solution to our nuclear dilemma with the same zeal that we bring to the pursuit of war for Chuck Schumer and Saturdays New York Times. There are a lot of people making a lot of sense but of course the mainstream media like I said before they're just enchanted them and they've done 180 degree turnaround. They're on to Van Wagon. There was one of the talking he had chosen over the weekend and I wish to all I remember his name. They had the Dennis decontiniest that his name, the former Democratic Senator from Arizona in the Mexico where the hell was he from seven to southwards and an former L.A.S. and Senator and this L.A.S. said it was on MSNBC. It was great absolutely sensational and a chopped him off man he didn't get to say crap before they finally chopped his well we're up against the break and we want to thank you both very much. He was just going ballistic and everything he said made not a lot of sense to me but then what do I know? 225 votes on a pool how do you feel about George W.A. is planned to invade Iraq and no matter how you feel about what's going to happen. I'm against it the timing smells of politics the rolema is in the airman is whfting right through my nostrils 93 people said that. Let's roll Sodom has to go. Oh, I'm going to be blitz 68 people said that. I'm all for it if our allies do an in 25. I'm for it even if we have to go at a loan 20. I'm against it the U.S. should never be the aggressor 19. So let's see 93 and 19 is what? 112? Okay and we got 225. You can't get closer to this put in 225 votes than 113 and 112. Can you? I don't think so. Maybe like by half. Let's give the half to Janet. Oh, hey Janet you lose honey. Okay. Scroll back and dig up and be sure funny right away with it and I'd bread pick up truck have a great life we wish you another but the best and get out of time quick before those old Cubans discover your back. 1056 and 560 W.A. Q.A.N. You love that can't wait don't you see food yes I do. In fact maybe they'll bring us some more this week maybe I'm just trying for you know cast away seafood company no seafood they pride themselves on serving you the freshest seafood in the world fresh fresh fish that is never frozen prepared just the way you like it grilled black and or broiled signature cast away dishes include sesame seared tuna tender calamari and the best homemade charters I can't wait to get back to try the charter believe I can't wait to get back yeah believe it no but I will try not I'm looking for the charter though cast away's also features grilled certified angus beef that's with a G burgers filet mignon are huge just absolutely sensationally or stripped cast away is also features great deal in lunch and early birds specials and every Wednesday night is karaoke night and ladies night with free drinks or ladies during the cast away's tailgate party at the haung fish bar for weekend among the night football specials while you watch your favorite games while you watch the Patriots continue kicking serious ass and scoring 40 50 60 70 points again the cast away seafood companies got a full bar there open seven days weekend they're located on the southwest corner of the city driving Griffin road in pristine just davie if you're looking to cater your next home rough as party castaways of do a super job of that as well the castaway seafood company George loves it they got seafood so fresh it'll slap you right in your puts my local here sports video 560s you a look they're correctly done the whole that's power oh god it's the kids today don't know what's good it's like that song I'm happy I live in a split level head you remember that how can you listen I'm happy I live in a split level head I'm happy I live in a split level head you remember that now why am I surrounded by moron come on how we don't you go be how we nothing's important you bet you're short of battle okay that's it you're all fired you've been scooped with the fool you listen on me you're fired you'll think that goes for you too you know who I am I'm the king of challenge I came down here after losing my child to be a big fish in a little park when they kicked me your BS 3 and they told me don't come back again I had some problems with wise guys who would buy some food to power and dice you're a real dad fire that's back to the late old we died I gave you a fire and I hope that just goes right down I hope you all died I'm a big little little punk the scene a big little punk the little punk the little punk the little punk the little punk the I want to say anybody you're doing it I'm an 0 to at 5 60 WQM and a son of shining it's beautiful here I'll say to that how's the weather there George I don't know oh you don't know oh I mean it was fair this morning not on my look at this right afternoon 16 at 61 well it and I see that's not right 23 well I can make up their mind 23 is 73 when I've been looking at big sun the rest of the week 78 77 76 I don't want to rub it in anything like that it did rain seri night we're late and like we were early yesterday morning before anybody got up just you don't feel quite so bad okay anyway hearing postponed and drug case against no well bush a hearing in the cocaine case against Governor Jeb Bush's daughter was postponed Friday after prosecutors at the staff at a drug we have center we're not cooperating with investigators police said point two grams of crack cocaine were found in a well bush issue on Monday a week ago today after they were called to the center by another patient Bush was not arrested because officers couldn't get sworn statements from staffers at the center for drug free living never they wrote up the report and then the supervisor said throw that away forget about like watered up and they had to go in a waste basket and yank it out and a report to circuit judge regional whitehead delayed Friday Syrian police finished their investigation state attorneys office spokeswoman Linda Robertson said clinic staff were not cooperating with police I should read that last sentence again because if it attorneys office spokeswoman Lisa Robertson said clinic staff were not cooperating with police a center spokeswoman didn't return a message Friday Bush was put in a court ordered rehab program after she was arrested in January at the tell nasty pharmacy drive through when it will allegedly try to buy the anti anxiety drug Xanx with a fraudulent prescription she was admitted to the treatment center with the possibility charges of the drop if she completed the program in July she was caught carrying pills which belonged to a treatment center worker and said the deal for three days and out of the latest a little crack cocaine in the shoe maybe she got that from what's it in the shoe bomber what's that was his name oh a remirez whatever no not remirez right yeah no Richard's a green it starts with our sorry like remirez Richard green remirez Linda Linda what is it Richard read very good Carlos whatever your name is he's quick call him agreed chuck by the way we can have more than one Carlos we got more than one George see if if we're going to do that standard then we're going to have to call you George with a jacus we got George Corso with a G right so we don't have time to call you George with a jacus and confusion by the way so let's just call him Carlos okay and put the screw in around with his ugly chuck crap he and any uglier than you are okay he's way ugly no he's not sure he's just see and that we'll see what I told you you're just doing that to try to make yourself like a couple of matches believe me I know ugly okay like I've decided pictures on the one I shave every day I know ugly trust me I mean you're not like real ugly but you're just like like he is not a script he looks just like Wayne from IOD make sure you keep that eyebrow ring in for the picture they're chuck now what is that what is that thing OCS the iron ring that's what makes him ugly what is that thing that Wayne said on here what is that under oh oh oh if I had the ability uh something like that no you know what I'm talking about I think it was like god damn fucking idiot oh that wasn't it that wasn't it I'd like to uh teach the world of thing what the hell was uh I can't find all the whole figure it out something with our good old friend Wayne from IOD you know Wayne you can't well win with me okay so we don't want to go out there break that fucking guy's neck what's that under break oh see I never would have how would you find that what a break that fucking guy's neck I'll not just play that the rest of the show how's got any light how that turned out today I wasn't watching it media your friends a feed you guys delusions over attack rights Linda McQuig and yesterday's Toronto star a media frenzy feeds US delusions over attack with public support for war against your back flagging in the western recent ways the Bush administration was clearly hoping that the 9-11 anniversary would be just a thing to get war fever back on track certainly the media could be counted on to do his part of whip the citizenry into a frenzy of grief and rage thereby rousing the american people the way to war in a country that apparently had nothing to do with 9-11 but at least offers a target that can be located the manipulation of grief to still confuse the asm for battle is of course nothing new it was used in Iran in the 70s by fundamentalist Muslim clerics to drop support for their fledgling movement whenever dissidents were killed by the shaw's brutal forces the clerics held a elaborate funeral ceremonies to further stir motions and in less recruits to fight the Shaw and his backers in Washington the clerics strategy was highly effective and they didn't even have seen it in their disposal this is worth remembering is we can't contemplate the media frenzy of the past week that helped turn the bloodbath of 9-11 in a way staging ground for endless war certainly the u.s. media have greatly helped the White House make its case when tracking down the or some have been lawdden proved too difficult the bush administration switched this focus to regime changing Iraq the media have followed this turn in the plot without question highlighting Sodom's use of chemical weapons against his own Kurdish population and atrocity that receives far more attention now than when Sodom was still the u.s. ally the u.s. media also acts as a filter preventing incorrect ideas from slipping through as Antonia Zerbezi is noted in the star last week CNN and MSNBC host of smeared Scott Ritter who is an okay spot away if x-cobertor sends me to the smitter have smeared Scott Ritter former head of the u.s. weapons inspection mission in Iraq who blames Washington for the missions breakdown TV host of openly questioned murders lawyer ladies and americans indicating the media have taken on the function once performed by the McCarsley committee on unamerican activities ask him how to allow that felt or he's dead certainly criticizing Washington these days leaves one of vulnerable to charge of anti-americanism with its demands for blind unquestion loyalty and talk of good and evil the world's only super power seems to be increasingly taking on the characteristics of a cult above all the u.s. media have filled around anything that could lead viewers to question why so many people around the world feel such bitterness toward Washington when George borne soon after 9.11 provocatively raised the question why do they hate us so it seemed inevitable the media would start examining some possible reasons such as the long history of u.s. interventions in the Middle East Southeast Asia and elsewhere instead the media pretty much accepted bush's explanation that those who hate the u.s. are simply jealous of its freedoms and explanation that might be satisfying but delusional like your girl convincing yourself other girls hate her because she's pretty when it might be because they think she's a jerk. Even after a full year of media analysis of man 11 americans still have little knowledge of brutal u.s. born interventions, amply documented by nomchomsky and other scholars or the enormous power and wealth imbalances in the world of John Cretchen are used fully observed last week. How could Americans have such knowledge when their media following the White House script consistently present u.s. actions abroad as well meaning efforts to bring democracy to other parts of the world rather than aggressive attempts to advance u.s. economic and political power. So nobody thinks part of the story is missing when bushbowg to finish what our enemies have begun as far as the public knows everything started with 9.11 out of the blue people came to hate the u.s. for its freedoms no one else ever experienced the kind of pain and suffering Americans did on 9.11 back in 1991 when the beating of Rodney King by L.A. police officers were captured on some commentators objected that the video didn't tell the whole story didn't capture King being abusive to the police beforehand provoking their fury but was that the whole story either? If King was abusive what abuse has had even subjected to over the years as a black man in America where does the story begin where does the rage start? Crimes of course should be punished no matter what their causes, the perpetrators of 9.11 must be hunted down and brought to justice but what if we really want to understand why such things happen and how to protect ourselves in the future? It seems counterproductive to block out all information that might be helpful. It's unproductive that is unless the goal is to make sure that nothing changes. Rhodeland and McQuake in yesterday's Toronto star, eh? Well said. Well said, Linda. All over Scott Ritter sends me to the Schmitter, okay? He's one of those guys, you know the expression he protested a little bit too much? Yes, that's him. In other words he has no credibility. In fact, why? Yeah, I think you can really bore the down to uh he's an asshole. Right, I think that sums it up pretty well. How many votes we got? 246 that are very important poll today which are going to send the White House. Aren't we? Oh. How do you feel about GW's plans to invade Iraq? I'm against it the timing smells of politics. 142.2%. Let's roll. Sodom's got to go. All right. 73, almost 30%. 29.6. I'm forward of our allies during in 27. I'm against it. The U.S. should never be the aggressor. 22. I'm forward even if we have to go to the loan 20. So let's see, people against it for what are 126. And we got 246. Half of which would be 123. Can you believe that? I believe it. 120, 120, right down the middle, baby. Let's split right down the middle. And I give them all a more high marks in the world for a tremendous a phenomenal job of propagandizing and a dog and pony show it to you in and of course he had some valid points there. It's a paper tiger. They can draft 80 million resolutions. They never follow through. Nobody pays any attention them. Like the Israelis have to fight over 200 resolutions by the way. 200. Are you aware that? Yeah, yeah. And they say, oh, half of the points, baby. It's jump kiffer. I'll bother us. You know stuff like that. So the U.S. is just a paper tiger and it's a joke. I'd expect a joke. And now the N. W. which we pay for it. And now the studies are very briefly jumping on board. 12 minutes after 11 at 5.60. I'll say it again. We ought to be in Saudi Arabia right there. We ought to like go into our base there and we ought to just say, well, we're like, uh, we thought it was the Chinese embassy. I mean, we thought it was a wedding. I mean, we thought, you know, we got a little bit turned around here. Our compass, our compass, the like dilute a few corpide to like die and it happened to be Saudis. That's who we ought to be bombing in submission is freaking Saudi Arabia. That's the breeding ground. That's the culture ground. That's where they got all the peaky dishes with a terrorist and every goddamn dish and every madrasa. That's that's where they teach him. Anyway, I'm just much of that in passing. Not going to happen because there are partners in oil. 12 minutes after 11 at 5.60. W. K. O. A. M. Summers over to more barbecues and more vacations. So now it's time to get serious about losing that weight because not only is it ugly and grotesque, you know, one thing about when you're fat, you can't buy any clothes that like look good. That's why all of us who are fat are like really bad, sloppy dresses because what difference is a make? They don't make good clothes. And spider watch Shirley Peters might try to turn it to rationalize or totally feel all or she's now dead. They just don't make good looking clothes for So if you're trying to be in a slob, but the most important part of being in bad health. Here's the answer for you. Balance for life. The beast who I would say was just maybe a year or so away from death. When you, at least, he was close. He was not a virgin. Here's a young guy who was like five foot four, two eighty four. He's lost fifty four pounds. Oh, I'm balance for life. Let's see. April, May, June, July, August. That's like in six months. Right. And you can do the same. Of course, maybe you don't have that much to lose or maybe you have more. You can still do it and it's painless because it's the problem with most people died. What do I eat? What do I buy in the store? What do I eat in the restaurant? Forget about those things because they deliver all your food right to you in a little black sack. You'll be squeezing it really tight in the sack too. Every morning by six o'clock it's at you door. It's your home and your office where we're going to be at that hour. And inside that sack is all the food you got for the entire day. Three gourmet meals, two delicious snacks, little bottle of water in there too. And all you have to think about is which alternative you want for each meal to give it two choices for each meal every day that's run a program. That's the only choice you'll have to make. And the weight just melts right off your body. And you're satisfied because the food is delicious. The portions are very ample. You won't be hungry on this program. I'll guarantee that. So if you want to lose that weight and look better and be a lot healthier too, call balance for life and I guarantee you note in less than a couple weeks you'll look better than the beast. Call this number nine five four five six. Call balance for life at nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine nine nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine or check them out on what Todd says throw our whatever his name is choices are very prestigious website balance for life dot com my life and look all this is for 2856 then anywhere don't close to the tower headed by this chart is all above a true and what does it fall the life of my goal my door profesional system You play wash, funky, wash, funky, funky, funky, funky, funky, funky, funky, funky, funky, funky, funky, funky, funky, funky, funky, funky, funky, funky, funky, funky, funky, funky, funky, funky, funky, funky, funky, funky, funky, funky, funky, funky, funky, funky, funky, funky, funky, funky, funky, funky, funky, funky, funky, funky, funky, funky, funky, funky, funky, funky, funky, funky, funky, funky, funky, funky, funky, funky, funky, funky, funky, funky, funky, funky, funky, funky, funky, funky, funky, funky, funky, funky, funky, funky, funky, funky, funky, funky, funky, funky, funky, funky, funky, funky, funky, funky, funky, funky, funky, funky, funky, funky, funky, funky, funky, funky, funky, funky, funky, funky, funky, funky, funky, funky, funky, funky, funky, funky K.R.J... Empire Blue Cross Blue Shield is the Venice was in their office, and I guess what they're saying, the president and the vice presidents of the company and some woman? Maybe it was like a love triangle. Maybe it was a gun party gone bad. Who knows? Murder suicide. Whatever it was, it was a shootout in the Broadway and they're not looking for any suspect. Join Joe and Mark tonight 9 or 11 money that football against me's kindle step by the win some our crappy QM prizes Enjoy specials on crown world. It's the Eagles and a Red Skins tonight. I guess be some kindle. We got the big news for you tomorrow morning I why is that big news? I don't like what can't we talk about that today. I mean we could But I mean I get a message from Clarence about that on my machine Friday night get off your dog. I mean what I don't get it I think maybe we got some people taking themselves a little bit too seriously The audience is interested in the people around here. Okay. I mean we on a show we make a big deal about the people behind the scenes And this one did this and this one got my check screwed up and this one got a deliberate a day early. Whatever, you know And it kind like spices things up a little bit but generally speaking the audience doesn't tune in a program He heard a program director the general manager the operations manager the guy then sales hole But I guess tomorrow morning will we'll spill the beans 264 votes on that survey and it's almost right down the middle About what you think about GW is how do you feel about GW's plans to invade Iraq? They're not plans anymore, baby. It's gonna happen. We're going in Scared tactics is foreign policy. This is an edit. No, it's not it's a column see I made that mistake with a great. Oh, you would have loved it a great column in the National poster on Friday about all drugs ought to be legalized Okay, not just marijuana not the criminalized, but all drugs should be lit and I thought it was an editorial because it was on the left hand page And then I realized that in the national post which is a very marginal newspaper anyway They're edit turtles are on a right hand side of page and the commentaries are on the left See what I'm saying I say ask backwards. Maybe that's like a brick thing. I don't know But anyway, this is an article by Stephen Jefferson a relation to George Palm Beach Post comments from this past Saturday scared tactics is foreign policy I doubt if a certain age can remember when the foremost terrorist was the boogie man a remorseless creature So we've allowed he was ever ready to wreak destruction at any time Once upon a time the mirror mentioned of his name was enough to keep children in line Parents is out in the maintain their power to make unilateral decisions often mentioned this hobgoblin If you don't do what I tell you do they caution the boogie man will get you or they would promise if you behave I won't let the boogie man get you Stritten with horrendous consequences youngsters rarely ask for specific details are proof of the monster's potential Rather most simply accepted as gospel at a force was out to destroy them and reacted accordingly Fitted an error on the side of being overly cautious than to ask logical questions and risk annihilation In actual politics these days that naive premise though insulting and condescending to an intelligent electorate Still being forced in unamerican public primarily because when confronted with problems we crave scapegoats and simplistic solutions Little one of that is a nation we're allowing ourselves to be manipulated more by our fears than guided by our consciousness consciousness For this election cycle our president is knowing that fear can cancel leads for logical explanations has targeted us for a terrifying boogie man who demands our full focus This monster president abortion sister Saddam Hussein although the terrorist that attacked us at her at home last September came mostly from Saudi Arabia And had allegiance primarily to Osama bin Laden our president and sister without first achieving a clear victory against those fanatics We must invade Iraq to give rid of Saddam Hussein and there's as to question that dictate as the at risk of being labeled unpaid Geoatic Undeniably the US was caught sleeping last 9-11 permanently traumatized by that tragedy where determined to be more vigilant So when our president tells us we need to attack Iraq we listen Apparently so the leaders of France and England having witnessed the terrorist assault upon the once-involvable America They first such attacks in their countries Thus by conscious Dana of our leaders foreign affairs have been placed at the top of America's political agenda for that so-called urgent reason Our domestic problems have been dismissed as frivolous the thoughtary and major corporation that has robbed many Americans of their life savings is no longer a major issue As concerns about economic conditions in this country and the need for improved guidelines to protect investors have been replaced by plans for war A high cost of drugs that has caused many senior citizens Either to stop taking need to need the medications or to take them only as affordable no longer is being debated And strategies to protect the environment the must serve humankind long after irax currently during our own leaders A lot of offices being ignored our president is declared to the nation in the world that prospect of war with Iraq must take precedence Of negligible concern we are told is allowing our forests to be stripped of more trees and our protected land and water Reserved to be plundered for oil to be placed in supply that would be disrupted by minis more war requires our sacrifice and scared to death Too many of us without questioning believe Trauma times by terrorism we prefer to believe in a booky man and evil without conscious a scapegoat in which we can focus all blame That concept of zal'sness of the need to think about the nefarious motives that compel self-serving men to act But in our rational moments errors that we've known is the brutal reality taught us by 911 modern warfare Can no longer be confined within the borders of any country nor can such conflict be limited to designated troops Modern war will accomplish soldiers and civilians in violence too massive to be extinguished easily by peace treaties in that context victory has little meaning W's conflict of interest rights one of our favorites marine dog many of your times yesterday Which a love marine yes, I do She says when George W Bush ran for president he mocked Bill Clinton's addiction to pollsters and promised to tear down the cynical White House Trollace of politics and policy as it turned out mr. Bush didn't need the president to campaign the permanent campaign He has something far more potent to permanent war Carl rovin w have designed a mirror image presidency They take everything poppy did the conservatives regard as a mistake and reverse it the right thought that the father's world was too short Okay, the sons of world will be too long the right thought that the father's worship ended with Sodom's disappearance Okay, the sons of world will start with Sodom's disappearance and build its rationale around that blessed event Like his dad mr. Bush is not keen on delving into tricky domestic issues like social security Healthcare and pension protection. It's hard for a bush to envision the need for a safety net When the bush is getting into the bunker the democracy operates the way they like it's not messy and cacophonic Oh here we go. I knew she do it Check off in this yes, noisy. Oh, I know what it means They could cap any by I never saw it in that the form did you? Nope, it's not messy and cacophonists it's orderly and symphonic there are sheriffs and outlaws patriots and madmen Good and evil churchels and hidlers the bush is love doing things in secret and we're not a lot of meddling from no nothings in Congress and smart Alex and the press Peace times such macho behavior comes across as high-handed, but in more time it looks like strong leadership Critics of a warrior president wrists seeming on patriotic the Democrats are shackled They majority voted against the Persian Gulf War 91 after one off of the detention of a video game They were pilloried now they fear that if they approach desert storm to the same way Raising objections about motives casualties cost or post-war strategy they will be portrayed as McEvernight Wimps The Republicans fighting dictator malfeasance can't travel with democratic charges about GOP donors corporate malfeasance In war the polls are always linguistically celestial dust fake Carl Roe of whose advisory Republicans they can gain control of Congress by exploiting the war on terrorism The wartime press is respectful producing gauzy TV interviews and square-jod photo spreads rectifying Mabel presidential syntax and mindlessly repeating minister of information array fly-shoes celebration of the president as resolute Minister of Information our defy fly-shoe Mr. Bush gave a splendid speech at the you and he's right that Sodom has a scumwood scuds But there was no compelling new evidence Mr. Bush only offered an unusually comprehensive version of the usual laundry list Sodom is violating the sanctions He tried to assassinate poppy. He's laid on his mortgage payments. He tips 10% he's not has an Adjustifiable fondness for my way. He's gasped his own people. He doesn't turn down the front-brim of his hat There was no more attempt to tie a saw to a summer the Hawks don't know if a summer's better Relive but they know that Sodom is alive and it can make him dead The warriors gave a raspberry to the you and making it obvious that Mr. Bush was just going through the Multilateral motions by revealing the general Tommy Franks is moving the US central command from Tampa to Gutter to get ready for war against Iraq The voice principle of preemptions already being a door and I've explored about other world leaders who have their own DVSU's for it Pakistan is where the India will pounce in the Bush manner and Mr. Bush's soulmate's vandre of Vladimir Poon Tang Just warned the UN that he might preempt rebels in Georgia and lunch with the York Times report is on Friday Tom Dasha was muted in his criticism of the president and conceited the Mr. Bush's transformation to a wartime leader Would make him a formidable candidate Yet the senator wore the Mr. Bush's preference for a preemption could wreak havoc with global stability and he wondered whether Iraq would damage Relationships with attacking Iraq would damage relationships with Indonesia Pakistan and Middle East allies necessary to root out terrorists is this now more important than the more Ontario he asked Does America have conflicts of interest are we fighting in one war in two places or are the two wars Kripping each other up as marine doubt in yesterday's New York Times I'd turn for good all marine who's always good and always use his words that I can't pronounce Caponus Kakafonus Kakafonus 28 at five sixty w qayans if the uh, she wants in your carpet is like a connect a capity of mung Exactly if that's what it is here's the answer for you dry concepts. They'll come in and I'll suck out all that kaka in the fibers your car That's how it works. That's what they call a dry concepts because they drag clean your carpets same concept that's used directly in your clothing When it doubts suck it out the dirt that is and leaves your carpets looking just like brand new Smelling lemon fresh they dry in a couple of hours and believe you mean you'll be amazed at what is to finish job They do which is why they're using them in my house for over 20 years the rumors use them and even paid for it How do you like this? Yeah, and my relatives Whatever I got left they use it to and you're loving them They give you written guaranteed price before they start doing the job soon. I have to worry about rip off And of course like I said your carpets are dry and just a couple of hours looking just like brand new Fire concepts also doesn't unbeatable job a thing your furniture and drapery spot dying five of a protection carpet repairs In-plan Oriental rug service that spectacular plant we've been talking about the last two years The authorization and if you should ever have a flood and believe me in South Florida Not not that hard to get one they do complete water damage restoration too So if you want to stupid this guaranteed job at a guaranteed price every time these are the people you'll always call in Broward call nine five four three seven oh seventy seven seventy eight that's nine five four three seven O seventy seven seventy eight in data Palm Beach column at 1 800 248 5071 that's 1 800 248 5071 clean today. You can entertain to your hearts delight tonight with dry concept No You Oh, why don't you blow their nose? Here, let's snort the bus door I pay what time is you wrong So, this you can't help, so, why don't you blow their nose? Here, let's snort the bus door Here, let's snort the bus door I pay what time is you wrong? Here's a distinguished, honorable, honest man Well, it's about time we found one 25560, who I'm currently depressed, this fact you just said about pop-up stopper? Yes And this fact, her says, And where does non-stop pop-up bads in this first spyware? Right, which are also pop-up-ed. spyware is one of the things that caused pop-up-ed. spyware is one of the things that caused pop-up-ed. spyware is the program that gets installed into your computer Yeah, it will send information when you're on the internet Which will cause the pop-up-ed to come out I got pop-up-ed up the rectum-ass But anyway, I think I'll try the end of work again Because this pop-up stopper, which I don't know, the guy sends all the information about this But it's so complicated when study starts up I say, an O'Neill is not the very computer friendly Well, I'm not like a wizard if you've part in that expression But I mean, I can find my way around I've been around a block a couple of times I got a pop-up-up that back too, and I was going to try it out I don't know what it is, I don't know how invasive it's going to be Well, even if it's sensational, I guarantee a base-based And when I'm reading here, there's no way I could install this program It's like three pages, it's just to install one little tiny program It's just that the file is very small and should download and list in one minute And it's sent them a tool and put to install it You have to like stand on your head and I don't know I'm going to try it again, and if it's more time, I'm just going to take the guy I'm computer and trust it out the window, how does that sound? That sounds great And I'll just read the funny pages on the ear of you dance Oh, this guy is going to get the guy I'm funny pages Here's the great, I'm starting to like that Palm Beach Post You're going to have to read the crappy sports section Oh, who do you want to say that anyway? Huh? Who cares about that? I do, and by the way, now that hockey is starting baby Oh, we got the exhibition games coming up this Friday By the way, Leafs on Leaf TV, which I'm one of their 10 subscribers For the first time ever, they're televised in all of our exhibition games And anyway, now the sports pages here are full of hockey stuff Just like down there, I'm sure Why should they have hockey stuff, and it's often beat up on two girls teams And two success weeks, you go off to their usual two-end start Michigan, a rest ward issued for ex-pressed in Hawaii Oh, I got some priest a little bit later on Time for a minute But anyway, the Palm Beach Post ran this editorial Saturday Very short, to the point, assisting And it took a big pair for them to put this in there It's the headline on the editorial is who do you into blowhards Tiger Woods will try to risk you a shot to win a golf tournament Jack McHuse was the same way when he played Neither however will offer an opinion about our Guston National golf club Which hosts the prestigious master tournament Allowing a female to join But Martha Burke who chairs the National Council of Women's Organizations Gripped it and ripped it She told our Guston National Chairman, who he Johnson That there might be a breakout of TV sponsors If the club didn't lower the gender barrier Mr. Johnson said they said the change wouldn't come at the butt of a gun Especially today, they're more serious things to worry about But Ms. Burke has a point Augusta National may be very private but a host a very public event The arrogant white men who run a Guston National insist that their tournament Be considered a national treasure, elsewhere in the nation However it's 2002 Mr. Johnson is making a stand over something That's stopping worth fighting for a long time ago Short editorial and Saturday's Palm Beach Post Right on target, and spread about your sexist men out there Remember the poll that we took that day? Yes I did The result was puke inducing man who was got wrenching to me But that's what it is, we got a mostly male audience And they figure screw the women Okay, which is always been your philosophy too Be right back to women And believe me, I've seen those lady golfers I don't think you got too many shake-doo 293 votes on our poll, we're approaching the 300 mark How do you feel about George's W. is planned to invade Iraq? Here's George's W And when a neighbor loves a neighbor indeed, a America is a whole benefit And Dean, I want to thank you for your leadership and your company 298 votes, I'm against it, the timing smells of politics 124 It smells of politics would a little bit of petroleum rubbed on it Let's roll, Sodom has to go 88 I'm for it if our allies do an in 34 I'm again at the US should never be the aggressor 27 And I'm for it even if we have to go at a loan 25 So let's see 27 or 124 is 151 And we got 296 half of which is 148 How do you like that? Talk about even Steven? Yep It's so tight, you couldn't even stick a little curly hair in there man It's really tight, maybe not as tight as screw in But you know the way that goes Roy, how's that bitch doing by the way? Last time I was there she looked like she'd aged 50 years And you wanted her why? Why? Because the copy fairy is after the copy demons Remember when Skippy was in there, it was before you got sick Skippy came in at one day, I think it was with you today Hey, I'm gonna get you new copy for an old coast, you know something Skippy you're an idiot, you're gonna fit in that sales department Perfect, did he give me new copy for an old coast? Did he give me new copy for the other 50 accounts they handed him on a planet? No, that branch must have been out in Seoul No, no, no, no No, no, no And you wanted to watch, he's probably being advised by PD Lenny And Todd Drek and all those other schmucks back there Who don't believe in copy, you know, they're gonna show me a thing or two I'll tell you one thing, once we start getting our organization put together Tomorrow after this dual holidays over tomorrow Once we get back to a business and we get our structure This organization, before they sell this place You mark my words man, the schmucks gonna hit the fan back there Well, seriously, I'm sending two people to beat the stutter that bitch tomorrow Did just that a principle, not the sales people, just screw in Just because she makes me nauseous Am I getting my point across or not? And while they're right, maybe they'll take a poker to it the water now So you just for the hell of a two Soft and her net crusty will add a two to up a little bit 1141 at 560 WQM, if you want to go out for a fabulous feast the year Well, coast, we don't need, you know, I mean what else to point? What's Skippy gonna tell me that we don't already know I mean, I mean, although maybe they got some special going on We don't know anything about, you never know So whether you're big and fat already and just want to go in there and pick out Or whether you just somebody who likes delicious fresh food At a very modest price, this is the place You can go in there and eat and eat, munger munger munger Until you're like, what do you need to bust? Three locations for you find them or coast in sunrise They're in North Miami Beach and now in Pembroke pines They got six different kinds of soups They have dozens and dozens of great on trays And they've got surf and turf on a weekend With a lasting king crab and your strip made to your order At the amazing gourmets and with the sizzling Asian grilled Featuring teriyaki steak, shrimp chicken, seafood, handcar, prime, Mimlemishagan cooked the order And they also have a full salad bar, sushi bar, fresh room cocktail And by some miracle, if you haven't like picked out to the point of almost Puking your guts, they've got a dessert bar Pies and cakes, pastries, ice cream with all your favorite toppings Fresh fruit, it's well worth trying to save a little room for Or just stick some in your pants and take it home Ambulced coast, three locations sunrise, pine island of 44th Street Colombs have it in just north of 163rd north Miami Beach And at Flomingo and Pembroke roads in very prestigious and geriatric Pembroke pines, Ambulced Exceptres of Asians Take on delivery railbow as well called 954 572-3822 954-5723822 It's just sensational feast anytime But now it's surfing turf on a weekend Ambulced coast and believe me, skippy's come out with some coffee George, is he in the door right now? No. 5-in local May of 65-60 3 years old yours now Puking Puking This is the Neil Roger show This is your brain Puking Any question morning, we have mercilessly taken a following material out of context Without endorsement or permission from those depicted It is our ongoing mission to make every minute is good and decent Look as ridiculous as possible, we hope we reach that goal Or at least major lot Friends and distinguished guests Simply put, President Bush can read only at the most basic level I'm working with a variety of organizations To achieve President Bush's great goal Learned basic vocabulary words Education is a top priority for President Bush And I presented him with a children's dictionary I'm proud that my husband, just yesterday, he said Candigarden Because education brings opportunity Our public schools are open to every child in America And President Bush, thank you for your help Thank you, welcome, and especially the state of Florida wants to say Welcome, because the state of Florida gave us George's W. Bush Make no mistake about that I think a lot of people are going to be thinking about that Coming November 5th In the state of Florida when they go to the polls Assuming that we'll be able to vote Assuming that there will be machines there Oh, by the way, black leaders want lay here I'm going to say it again Save it lay here and date And what's your name and one in Broward? Miriam Olafan They should both be fired right now This may be you should have seen you because you're not getting the local coverage up there Of all of the myriad of elephant vans and different colors Like one for every day of the week And all the fancy lettering you know that's become a racial thing See because she happens to be dark and plucking Is if that has anything to do with it? Believe you me there's plenty of my David Lee he's white I'm a gain difference to us I say fire both of them right now like before the end of the day It's only the 60th of September we still got like we know I'm not gonna have Before November 5th get some goddamn school kids and they could organize the thing better in these assholes You're bungled it again you idiots Man and get those poll workers get some people under the age of 200 Some people it'll bring their teeth to work with them in a glass God I think that's what happened. I think they ran out of poladen And a lot of those old thoughts like locked the doors and went out to go down to goddamn wall greens and stand online where their discount coupons for poladen This is a great article did you read this by Andrew Gumble for the independent UK? I have talked a bunch of things which one oh the hand you come on yes Yes, the hand you're gumble and Los Angeles rights this for the you and and for the independent UK and of course we went to the British papers to put in the good stuff Oh, I speak of that my good friend Lynn Samuel's on her website Lynn Samuel's dot com There's a story about the Carlisle group that I mentioned that TV for the show today. No, yes, I did Well, I forgot well, just a minute you'll have it. I'm going to where we're so right now. I'm a computer which I may not be very computer literate queer that one guy and nothing's coming up Oh no Come on Lynn what are you doing to me sweetheart? It's a blank screen I was just looking at it earlier. What in all the plays? Let me try it again. No, how can that be? Lynn Samuel's big step dot com. It's just not there. No, okay. Let's take it over at any rate about the Carlisle group And the shady relationship with the brits Anyway fortunes her war wait bushes circle after attacks on Iraq is headlined the circle by Andrew Gumble and LA. He says the last time the United States went to war against Iraq Dick Cheney did very nicely from it having served as a fence secretary and fast in the reflected glory of the US military's Suppricingly rapid advance across the desert stands to end the Iraqi occupation of Kuwait He then managed to reap benefits of a very different time once the war was over and he left government to become chief executive of Halle Burton The Texas Base Oil Services Company when the United Nations relaxed his sanctions regime in 1998 and permitted Iraq to buy spare parts for its oil fields It was Halle Burton under Mr. Cheney's leadership that cleaned up on the contract to repair war damage and you get Sodom's oil pipes slowing in full capacity again Two Halle Burton subsidiaries that business worth almost twenty four million dollars with the man whom these days Mr. Cheney calls a murderous dictator in the world's worst leader Since taking over his George Bush's vice president Mr. Cheney has severed all formal ties with his former employer notably when he cashed in thirty six million dollars in stock options and other benefits At the height of the market in August 2000 but Halle Burton currently struggling with a corporate accounting scandal that may or may not implicate Mr. Cheney could profit all over again if the much threatened new war against Iraq comes to pass which it will We can certainly expect more air strikes against the world fields possibly combined with a ground invasion Then when it's all over someone's gonna have to mop up the damage once again Halle Burton with its previous experience in unparalleled political connections Now limited to Mr. Cheney would be in the pull position for the job Nobody could justify the accused abortion administration wind wage war in Iraq solely is a favorite with friends of the world business and the military and industrial complex But many of the companies that stand again most from a war in joy remarkably close ties to senior figures in the administration And some of the president's closest confidence of shown extraordinary elasticity down the years in their attitudes to president saw it I'm America's on again off again public enemy number one Mr. Cheney has gone from more longer to deal maker in fact a warm-end resist one example Donald Rumsfield occurred to fence secretary as repeatedly raised the specter of Iraq's arsenal of weapons and mass destruction But in 1983 when Mr. Rumsfeld was president Reagan special envoy to Iraq he turned a blind eye to a rack of use of nerve and mustard gas and it's war with Iran Concentrating instead on forging a personal relationship with the Iraqi leader then considered a valuable US ally Mr. Rumsfield was actually in fact that on the day do you and first reported Iraqi use of chemical weapons but chose to remain silent as did the rest of the US establishment Five years later he said it is ability to make friends with Sodom who sent his one of his qualifications for a possible run at the presidency This Bush administration has been much more upfront about the role of oil and deliberations on Iraq than the last one That's partly matter of circumstance since the 911 attacks the stability of Middle Eastern oil states has been a big policy consideration But it also reflects the fact that much of the Bush inner circle including the president himself is made up of former oilman The oil and gas industry has pumped about 50 million dollars to political candidates since the 2000 election There are also uncomfortably cozy ties between the government and the defense industry Mr. Rumsfeld's oldest friend Frank Carlucci a former defense secretary himself Now heads the Carlisle group an investment consortium which has a big interest in the contracting firm united defense Carlisle board includes George Bush senior in James Baker the former secretary of state one program alone the crusader artillery system As are in Carlisle more than two billion dollars in advance government contracts Carlisle European chairman is John Major who may have played a major role in the Ministry of Defense's controversial recent decision to declare Carlisle the preferred bitter for stake in its scientific research division That's a strad with talking about none of these links is legal it is illegal, but that doesn't mean that there's no conflict of interest Messers Bush, Cheney and friends have either sold their stock holdings or put them in a blind trust meaning personal gain is off the agenda Again for their friends and family may well be a byproduct of the looming war against Iran Oh, it says your imagination, Neil After all you're so anti-bush anti-bush anti-bush Trans16 votes on our survey, how do you feel about GW's plans to invade Iraq? I'm against it the timing smells of politics. It stinks the stench of commoner is lingering in my nostrils right now. Can you smell it? Oh man, especially now that my nasal passage is a biopath thanks again Dr. Ham, thanks, Rimmer I don't think him for something because he gets a real sensitive 1131 votes. I'm against the dynamic smells of politics. That's 41.1% Let's roll. Sodom has to go 93 29.2% I'm for if our allies join in 36 only if I'm against it the way should never be the aggressor 39.4% I'm for even if we have to go to loan 28.8% so add up the again it 131 131.1% 131.1% 159.1% 159.1% 139.1% 139.1% 139.1% Shotting Black leaders want lay here Oh, God damn it How come they don't want Newy and Modophana? Oh, that's right. She's she be your ethnic dark fans dark lady with dark fans We got stuff on her too Oh, I guess before we do that this is oh, God. I got so much Damn good stuff. We only got an hour to go. Go home mad dog. That's right. We got that big dolphin game to talk about. I wonder how much Quedity is going to give the Patriots in Tom Brady for that Shalocking 44 to 7 over the jet yesterday, huh? Since he gave him kind of like a marginal pet on the ass for their Walfing of Pittsburgh last week. She didn't play Pittsburgh and a jet So we're supposed to be too pretty goddamn good teams in these two weeks As opposed to the two girls teams that often play even George knows that. George could be the lions. Yeah, just by yourself. Gate couple moves in next to Falwell's Church to preach acceptance. Oh, and this week I mentioned to you off the you're how come I haven't talked about it on here because I got too much stuff here. Yeah, on the city confidential on A&E. I guess I already saw watch A&E because if they did, I would have had a Facts by now for sure about the piece they did Saturday night. Now last night did it about Madeline on hearing her family kind of like disappearing. Yeah, disappearing. It was pretty interesting about Austin Texas and how the right wingers are moving in there now. Why used to be a very liberal wide open city is now becoming, but anyway, so certainly the thing was about Doug Danzig or And the willows is Kathy Willows and Jeff and there was Dr. Kennedy was on there as spot and his usual crap as usual anti-human crap. And they had the guy, what else the guy's name who invented who started Spring Break out of a chubby old guy's got to he always word this silly cap with that one of those woolly birds on top with else his name. Well, then any break they had a piece about the the willows on Saturday on city confidential on A&E. See how soon we forget. Well, here right in line with that gay couple moves in next to Falwell's church to preach acceptance. A gay activist and his partner moved across the street from the Reverend Jerry Falwell's church in Lynchburg, Virginia, hoping to correct what they see is the misinformation the past has been spreading about home-o-sexuals. We just want to let's bring the see us and old gay couple and realize that was boring as they are said the Reverend Mel White 62, a minister with a met volunteer community church in LA who goes to role models out of biography. White and Falwell have been acquaintances for more than 15 years before white announced his homosexuality and have since debated Falwell's belief that some gaze can be turned straight. When Falwell partially blamed the 911 attacks on Gaze last year, White City was disappointed that his old friend become so dogmatic and started planning a trip to Lynchburg. Jerry promised to tone down his anti- gay rhetoric, what he said, it broke our hearts to see what he was doing. Falwell, who later apologized for his usually in tempered comments, and even was rubbing his thinking winky doll, said white's move from across the road from the Thomas Road Baptist church is a publicity stunt meant to harass his ministry. But the couple he said is always welcome into church. I can't think of anyone who needs it more Falwell said, Mel White abandoned his wife children and parents to move in with his mayor lover. I hope he turns his life around or turns his wife around. White moved into the forum cottage on Tuesday with Gary Nixon 52 and their dog Bentley, the two who stole a home in Laguna Beach, California signed a one year lease, signed a spend their time visiting with their new neighbors and exploring the city's many parks. We love it. We never lived in a place where the leaves changed White said. Never lived in a place where the leaves changed. Yes. Like right here, looking at this, I feel it changed right now. And October members of White Tacitus Group's sole force will join a couple to restart a local parent's former lesbian's engaged champion go door to door to door to their mother and daughter. We had a couple of months ago. We talked about homosexuality from October 25 to 7. Hundreds of sole force members are expected to arrive in this group to mark the three year anniversary of a nineteen ninety-nine meeting with Falwell. Now we are your neighbors not just in spirit but in fact white said a dinner invitation. He handed handle over to Falwell's office this week. Carol church 56 went white in a service black week of the first Christian church city. He was a church church church church church church church church church church happy white will challenge Falwell and his home community. How do you like that? 157 at 560 WQM. We got managed to one. The Humperer 3 for a church. We got that more with the Metset at 5. 15. Tom Layman and Halid Potty are doing it one more time. They're always doing it. They're constantly. They never stop doing it. They're absolutely doing it this time. No, because they continue offering you zero percent financing and you heard me right with a proof credit from GMAC you can get yourself zero percent financing for up to thirty six long excruciating months on all 2003 Pontiac and GMC models. Why sure hope we get some more information about those great 2003 don't you? Anytime now. Any minute now. In fact, I can almost smell that red musk rat now all the way up here. Or take a wee bait up to four grand on all 2002 Pontiacs or GMC models in stock. And while you're at Halid Brousen around with no pressure from the sales holes of course, check out the complete line of GMC and the company's included in the on-boi. voted by Motor Trend is the SUV of the year last year. Plus the the all new Pontiac vibe SUV with a powerless sports car at just a teeny tiny fraction of the price. Halid's also has always got a gigantic dependable selection of pre-owned cars, trucks SUVs and as far as credit is concerned have no fear even if he wants new screw-in no problem at Halid Pontiac GMC. So if you want an unbeatable deal if you want to get treated like a human being, this is the place Halid Pontiac 134136 the highway. US1 right across from the prestigious falls open every day 7 days away. Halid Pontiac GMC we be professional grey. We're sports radio 5-164. You a m. For that I do believe it be the one that Clare Valor. Harvin, are you okay? Well, I was trying to take my morning tea and so my time was on fire. Oh, I'm like you might have an SCD. SC2, you mean I'm getting motor oil? No, an SCD. You know, a sexually transmitted disease? I did you get some of the skin ticker who's hanging out on the Queen. Harvin, did you forget to wrap that record? But we only did it one. That's always ticked and said now you're not going to go to the doctor but that's another thing. Wow, looks like I learned a valuable lesson today. R.I.N.E. I'm going to try to get a new one. Then it will open with a tea. There you go, George. Take some pet a selling. Okay. I'm going to take some do for one. There you go, see? That's my psychic power skicking again. George has got a doctor was an asshole by the way and of course many people can relate to that. Sick is a dog trying to get into his doctor like an emergency situation and calls just to try to get a prescription called. And I thought like go in there and actually see somebody because he was too sick to do that. And they got back to him like hours and hours and hours later and so just why you really should go to the Emperor all the time. They call back at 530 like as an afterthought. Like we're closing the doctor couldn't get to you. Your doctor blocked you. Your doctor blows. But just like online detective blows. Anyway, here's the big news and I've saved it for this big new to one hour. One to new hour. Pant is a reener renamed the office depot center. There's a big story of the day. I know we'd have some hockey news out of South Florida. Office depot arena operating company and the Florida Pant is announced what's the date on this Friday. A 10 year agreement giving office depot the name you write to the Pant is on so no more macarina. What are we going to call it now? The office depot. I'm still calling it the macarina. I'm the terms of the agreement. Office depot centers now the exclusive name of the 20,000 seats for us in entertainment venue located on one panther parkway in sunrise. This partnership strengthens our leadership position in South Florida and provides us with a marquee branded venue to further support our integrated marketing efforts. What about the next sound like a wonderful bunch of double talk? Yes. What does that mean? The center is a vital and vibrant part of our community. We hope to continue its tradition of positively impacting the South Black community through a wide range of sports entertainment and fundraising initiatives. We're very pleased to have office depots. Our new name writes partner said Jordan Zimmerman, partner slash president of the Panthers. They're a reputable locally based companies corporate philosophy and commitment to the community. Compliment those are the Panthers and the facility. It's with great pleasure and pride. We welcome there are facility as opposed to the what was the name of it before? I forget it. I've been called as the macarina for so long. I figured with all the guy named it was. What is the name of the R rental? Oh the national car right there right. You're right at the end of right. And then of course Wayne went separate ways with that. So now it's the office depot center. All I can say is. Let's go to the macarina. Mission going to rest where I'll get to the L.A. Thing. Mission going to rest more an issue for rest priest and Hawaii. And a rest ward has been issued in Michigan for a former Roman Catholic priest living in Hawaii who charged with criminal sexual conduct. Robert Berkholder 82 of Leeward Oahu was charged August 27 with two counts of secondary criminal sexual conduct. He's accused of assaulting a 13 year old Detroit area boy in 1986. In Detroit. The war for Berkholder's arrest was issued Friday for the Detroit news. He's going to be arrested over the next several days. Douglas Baker with Epidic chief assistant Wayne County prosecutor told the paper. And a recent interview with the news. Berkholder McDonald's having sexual relationship with up to two dozen boys as young as 11. Isn't this interesting here? So in other words, the stories were the ages of the boys. Seems to be very, very young. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. We just got carried away. Berkholder said of the 13 year old boy. He might have been lonely and priest are lonely persons too. He needs friendships and kids love priests. I weakened. I was looking for affection and popped an erection or something like that. Wayne County prosecutor Michael Dougan is granted Berkholder one of the worst pedophiles we ever seen in this day. Berkholder's attorney Irving Turkal of Tukal. See you, KEL Irving Tukal of Bingham Farms to the climb. His client has dementia. Too much of that funny business. What up, my own boys? Is that what they said in the godfather? Something like that. Too much comedy. Too much comedy, but I'm young boys. Tukal said he played a lot for a competency exam in Hawaii. A movie that Wayne County prosecutors are not contesting. Let me ask you about this in the plan. You watch them, sure last night? Of course. Now was the one last night where they out on the snow with a guy that they were going to blow away. And he got away? No. That's an old one. Yes. See, I'm watching because these are the ones that are on Irving night. And I can't forget the life of me. I don't know what that's all about. So I would assume that the new one would have been on that channel. But it wasn't. I watched for about five minutes. And that part of the movie seemed like a rip off. What was that other? The Miller Miller's crossing. Was that it? Okay. Surely took the guy. I mean, it was no snow in that movie, but they took them. Right. I don't know. To me, it's like a poor. It's kind of like a mishmosh of a poor man's godfather. The Miller's crossing. It's like a funny thing. With a lot of four letter words. Which is the only reason that you want the first season so that you can actually understand what's going on and then you'll understand it. Oh, there's the picture that been out. Sheep guy. Nice head year. Man. Black leaders want Leahy out. Stung by what they believe is evidence of further disenfranchisement in last Tuesday's election. National and local black leaders tend to take action against the economy officials. If they don't remove election supervisor, they would let he be for the November election. See their risk because they're saying again that we're disenfranchised. This can't keep happening to one group of people. And no one sees this and doesn't deliberately said, Bishop, all Bishop Victor Curry minister and community leader. And you know what is beside those two things? What he is. He's an asshole. Why people? Cubans, everybody should be mad. He says, even Cubans. Curry on Friday said he'd fight against the transit tax proposal on the November 5th Bellat and groups including the NAACP, the Democratic Black caucus and people that had to leave the struggle for equality, thought to take legal action of changes or not made the elections department. And he's right. Curry said it was used as WMBM radio program on their 10-watt station to campaign against a proposed sales tax to fund a $17 billion expansion mass transit in the county. The taxes, the brain child of Mayor Pinguipakini who says it's finalries congestion improved quality of life in the county. Curry said, Penalis placed a higher priority on that than on insurance citizens can vote. What's more important to the citizens and other tax protection that we never benefited from or making sure our constitutional rights are in place. Victor Curry said, we're going to ensure that every squirrel sooner later finds a nut because he's got his thumb right on it. The also said he would start a countywide petition drive for Lehi's removal. Curry hopes that thousands of signatures will convince Tinga Picania. County manager Steve Shiver and commissioners that Lehi must go. Let's hear it. We want the Saudi deal stop now. However, that I was talking about that in Friday for the 10 of us who saw the movie network. Isn't that ironic another part of the ingenious Opaddy Traskey being 30 years ahead of his time. And here was the Saudis. Remember they were needy for they were up to their own pits and telegrams. Yep. They were sucking telegrams at the White House because the Howard Veal. And poor Robert Duval Frank Hackett was having an interest breakdown. Right. Because Saudi Arabia was taken over. They were buying out one of the four major networks in the US. The Saudis, baby. And then of course I think back to that 60 minutes piece. Remember it's many months ago. Sure. And they showed that Saudi sheek that son of a bitch and they're watching CNBC. There's the stock ticker going on all these things. And all these people lined up to kiss his ring and kiss his ass. Right. They get together so they can bow down and kiss him. Pastor resigns after porn complaint. Should we have an aspeated these again. Frederick Spurge, uh, bird Virginia. The pastor of Roman Catholic Persia signed after a fellow priest complaint. He had gay pornographic videos and photos in his rectumary bedroom. The Reverend Daniel E. Hammond and Pastor St. Mary's parish in Frederick Spurge. stepped out August 26th Bishop Paul Asyl of Erdi said. Hammond and 59 have been a pastor of St. Mary's for two years. The Nazis would not make him not make him available for comma. They would go over. Like that. To give him a gag order. The Nazis had Hamilton was ordered by the bishop to undergo a vagabesian treatment last all cooperated fully despite these fact certain persons recently took it upon himself to publicize father Hamilton's past failing. The Nazis said the statement because his menace could be negatively impacted. Father Hamilton submitted his resignation as pastor. Five, father. Ex-Presents in Australia. A former Roman Catholic priest was sentenced Friday to more than ten years in prison for sex offenses against teenage boys, court officials said. Vincent, hearing kiss. I want to give you a kiss. That was his name. Is that beautiful or what? Yep. Vincent, hearing kiss. Please, hear the last month. The 10 charges of indecent assault and three charges of sexual abuse against four boys during 1963. Kiss. 70 was sentenced to ten and a half years in prison. Cannot be parole for seven years. The new South Wales state district court was told kiss. Metas victims then aged between 13 and 17 when he was chaplain a Catholic school in Aubrey, turned around a mile south west of Sydney. Prosecutor said kiss would take the boys say, New York trips to Sydney where he would sexually assault them. I want to give you a kiss. Judge Penelope Hawk as in Hockmanish, Ken Chinning said kiss is kind of a gross breach of press exploitation. His conduct was appalling for any adult. Mabel was rented. Morse was a teacher and spiritual advisor to boys of his faith in mind and bodies. He added kiss or seven prison after pleading guilty in 1993. The stealing almost a million dollars from a charitable trust to fund a lavish lifestyle. Finally, yes, you know, if you're going to have a nice sailboat, you got to like. I want to give you a kiss. Have some serious cash. Feminist past noon at five sixties. WCU M355 votes on a poll. How do you feel about George W's plans to invade Iraq? I'm against it. The timing smells of politics. You can smell it. Just like that bomb Neil dropped in the elevator. It's punching. I'm against it. It smells of politics 144. Let's roll. Sautamash to go 100. I'm for it if our allies do it in 42. I'm for it even if we have to go at alone 37. I'm against it. The US should never be the aggressor. 32. 32. So one seventy six. We got 355 have a witch is one eighty. Seven. It is tight. Hey, all I made is a soft yel caps. Let's go for you. A lot of people have started popping it all over the place. I wonder if this is skippy's account. See, that's another thing that's going to end tomorrow. When we have our ten new administrators in the building. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? It would be nice to fight out who has these accounts. Don't you think that would be a good start? I'm not suggesting something as radical as new copy. You know, anything like that. I mean, wouldn't it be nice to fight out who has these accounts so we can maybe like approach them and you know crank their chain a little bit. See if we can't jump start their act action. Anyway, in all your media find the best olive oil on the planet along with a lot of other good stuff to help your health. Vitamins and minerals and urinals are in there along with a great olive oil and all your men mixed a different product reach different part of your body and your health. One for your prostate. One specifically to design and divine to help your heart. One for your blood pressure and cholesterol. One for your circulatory system, your digestive system. Your endocrine system, your skin, your bones even your mind screw in even your mind. That's right. All using the benefits of the best olive oil on the planet and all your men's got products for men and ladies as well. But I'm sure you know that by now. Fix them up today. Pick up all the omitted walled greens, whole food markets. Navarro Pharmacy Sedanos is a phenomenal spectacular sensation. Amazing new product. It's pretty good. And you'll find it on the shelves in those stores or get more information on it by calling your toll free number. Olyometh. It's one eight six six. Olyometh. That's one. Do I sound a little uncohearned? Nope. Easy to understand why. Call 1-866-Olyometh. Or if it was a product on their website to at olio-metamerica.com. And the money they know is for 20-06. You way am. For you fudge back? How? This is Rosie O'Dott. So you think I ain't a girl no more, huh? You think I ain't a girl no more? Too. We'd all like to tell you one thing soon. Well for your information, I'm the queen. The queen of my castle. Of course I'm a girl. Just ask any of my girlfriend. Like a Janet Reno or Ann Colton. Tell you I'm a girl. A girl? I'm a girl. Just say, don't like being a girl. And another thing. If you... Hey, what do you say to Rosie Boyle? How high are you, Kelly? Are you ready for some coffee? Or would like to get one of my dad and not today pal? I'm worried about everybody not thinking I'm fed. Think of my house often though, and you smell like a macco-a-cutty, and you're a rich pocket to you. I'm a macco-a-cutty. Okay, you're a rich-wooder girl. Get out! I don't think of you this. Give me what? What do you have on your back? What kind of mind? And it all my fear. That you're so? You've got me bad just so? I am just bought, though, with all the problems you got. It's nice to be clear up that mess but tell you, yes, to so. Kelly, you're the greatest. Why do they go around? You know, they're mass-patiti-used. 1280, maybe that's what got you sick last week. Maybe. 1280, that's five 60, never kill. Guess what they just had on there? They had one of the schmothaids. The guy whose name is but. Oh, yeah, that's not him. His name is his name is but. Yeah. Yeah, that's it. And anyway, they had him in a hawk in a track. Of course, they're going to be on Larry King, those three guys who've got a whole different story now, because they don't want to be accused of fraud. Is that what they call fraud? Do you frauding the public? I don't know what that is. How can you even accuse them of fraud or not? Put it anyway, they don't want to get their teeth in a ringer. And then they had uniston on their lady from Georgia from Calhoun County. And she says she didn't add no salt and pepper. She's not in the business to go around making things up in addition to which she's not bigoted. And she's talking about her descent. She's like German Irish crowd mix something like that. I don't know. Uniston. I believe her. Me too. I mean, I can see that she's seen a guy's as per say the ones were in a schmothaids. Like looking through the lattice work there in a restaurant, you know, walking through the lettuce and the lettuce. But I just can't imagine anybody making up a story like that. No, I think that's exactly what happened is that she was eyeballing them. Right. He was eyeballing them. Yeah. Yeah. She was given them the eye. They probably have some fun with this redneck cracker bitch and talks and snacks. Right. And there you go. Talk and snack and open our crack. Crack. Something like that. And then all of a sudden they're playing the wounded party now because they they stood up to this whole crap. Thousands and thousands and thousands of dollars were spent. Our taxpayer money in Florida by the way, spent like crazy in that whole big investigation. And they had a send a guy to him little rotor, rooter robot out there. And all of a sudden the crap that the bomb squad, everything. Hours and hours of a free entertainment for South Florida. Maybe that a charge for it. Anyway, we have 362 votes and it's nippentuckets neck and neck. Don't forget to join Jo and Mark tonight 9-11 from Monday night football at Gatsby's in Kindle. What's the game tonight, by the way? Oh, it's the who is it? And you notice we don't carry my dinner at football anymore, do we? Hmm. It's an interest. It seemed to be. You want it a why? Marlin. No, because Mo is doing those games anymore. I mean, who doesn't want to hear those games with more of Albert? Anyway, uh, join Jo and Mark 9-11 Monday night football at Gatsby's in Kindle stuff. And I'm going to show you guys the results on the Crown World. It's the Eagles and the Redskins. See how it would just finish the promo. I would answer my own question. I read it already before. So I should have known that. The Eagles and the Redskins tonight at Gatsby's in Kindle. columnist resigns over sexual relationship. And actually, if you've indicated Chicago, Tribing columnist Bob Green. Did you realize that Bob Green had a sexual thing going on? Um, not that one. Oh, resign after acknowledging he engaged in inappropriate sexual conduct with a teenage girl the newspaper said yesterday. In a note on the paper, Sprunt page editor Ann Emery Lepinsky said Green ignores the sexual conduct with a girl in her late teens whom whom he met in connection with his column. Green 55 told the AP in an email Sunday. There have been indiscretions in my life that I'm not proud of. He didn't address the conduct. I'll enter his resignation. I don't have the words to express this sadness. I feel Green wrote. I'm very sorry for anyone I've let down. I'm including the readers who for so long meant so much further. Discuss the matter. Today, I need to be with my family and loved ones. He wrote Green has written extensively on social issues in American life and columns that appeared in the Tribune four times a week and were syndicated for newspapers around the country. Kind of like a Doug Dan's a good thing. Here's speaking of that. Remember Doug Dan's a girl was like never forget. No, yeah, big big crusader, big flag waiver like for D.C. and morality and then we'll big day with a corroborage president to re-insure. He was waving it. In 1998 Green was a finalist for the Pulitzer Prize for columns on local children whose lives were mishandled by the judicial welfare systems. He's also written several books and provided commentary on Tribune on WGN TV. Home of the Cubs. Home of the Cubs and they still suck. Green's behavior was a serious violation of Tribune ethics and standards for a serialist of Pinsky wrote in Sunday's editions. We deeply regret we're regret the conduct. It's effect on a young woman in the impact that disclosure was had on the trust our readers placed in Green and his newspaper. The Tribune first heard the allegations after receiving an anonymous complaint last week. Prompting an inquiry by editors and other Tribune officials of Pinsky wrote. The conduct occurred some years ago, she said. Green was suspended by the paper which then saw his resignation. He submitted it Saturday night. Gary Whiteman, a spokesman for Tribune company said the news paper would have no further comment. Here's this story again. We've had it before but it keeps the rearing its lovely head. Nevada voters may legalize marijuana. They're going to want up with the same thing that on you weren't here when we had this there about Santa Cruz. They had a free pot. A free pot day is a protest of the federal government. Remember we had the stir about they rated the legal cannabis to a joint stir. Right. The medical marijuana places. And the DEA went in there and they rated them even though they have local ordinances and statewide ordinance that permit the growing of medical marijuana. And so now we may have another contact on the DEA. I'm here to watch this very carefully. Nevada voters may legalize marijuana. Nevada they love gambling and tolerate prostitution. Now they're talking about legalizing pot. I'm right. I measure on a ballot of member Fitt will make Nevada the first state to allow adults to possess marijuana up to three ounces and up maybe a hundred joint. People over 21 would be allowed to smoke in their homes. See and here in Canada they're talking about 16 legalization. 16 Nevada they're talking people over 21 would be a, oh you know what the legal drinking age is here? 18. 19. Okay. 21. 19. People over 21 would be allowed to smoke in their homes but not in cars of pubic places. Probably sold in state license mode shops and tax like cigarettes. This initiative will allow the police to spend more time going after murderers, rapeers and other violent criminals said Billy Rogers later the group that's pushing the measure whether would actually take effect as federal law, banned, marriage, we need to position the White House to come out strongly against the idea. Also Nevada voters would have to approve the proposal again in 2004 before came law. In other words, on the ballot in 2004 would say, are you sure? Yeah, there have to be a line there. Are you sure? Right. Nevada home of the nation's gambling capital has long had a fondness for what others forbid although prostitutions banned in Las Vegas, Reno Carson City in a 49 state. It is legal intent of Nevada's 17 counties. The 30 license brothers are in the state are monitored by the state health division. An addition, Vegas says a multitude of out-call entertainment services that are thought to be fronts for call girl businesses. Thought to be. But to vote on marijuana representing remarkable about face and Nevada's attitude towards pot. A year ago in Nevada have more than a strictest marijuana laws. Possession of a single joint was a felony published by a year or more in prison. In 2000, Nevada voters approved the use of medical marijuana and the legislature voted in 2000 to make possession of less than an ounce of pot a misdemeanor punishable by up to six months in jail and a thousand dollar five. Opinion pulls on the marijuana measures on a vadins almost evenly split with opponents gaining ground. What measure are we sending our youth at this initiative passes that it's okay to take drugs, hit school counselor Teresa Jempsa. If marijuana becomes legal and much drug is next, the plan was put on the November ballot after the group led by Rogers Nevada's for responsible enforcement candidate necessary 75,000 signatures. She and South Florida were voting again on, you know, should we take Fag right away and there they're voting on something like a little more progressive. Moving forward a little bit even though it's taken him a whole long time. And in South Florida, moving backward, backward, that's the word for South Florida. Asked backward, which is why we can't get a goddamn election done right. Ever, ever, never, and it just keeps getting worse and worse and worse. Terminies for and secret service BND voiced out to any Western intelligence reports that have warned of Iraq's advanced weapons advanced destruction program. The daily Berliners Zeitthong said that the harranking BND official is saying in Berlin last Thursday, acknowledging that Iraq was in fact continuing to develop its weapons advanced destruction program. The official noted let us doubt whether these programs are nearing a successful conclusion. The official added the all-away rack order to you and arms inspect it. Leave the country 98. The BND is still managed to obtain a lot of information on Iraq's weapons program. According to a 1999 BND report, Iraq would be capable of reaching the technological level of a 1990 arms program, which included a remarkable nuclear infrastructure. Huh? That last sentence is kind of like, you know, it's less like hanging there. They would be they could be, but they're not close. It's basically what it boils down to. Are they close? Twenty-seven past noon at five sixty. W.C.M. We got the angry puppy, the mad dog coming up at the one o'clock this afternoon. I keep telling you that Matt for shopping is a waste of time and it's amazing. It's shocking. It's almost scandalous that there are still people stupid enough out there who go slipping around from betting to department store from department to betting store. Waste in their time and harder and cash. If that's what you want to do, be my guest. It's still a free country and that respect anyway. So far. But if you want to get you a new mattress, the smart way to do what I always do, make one easy phone call. I mean, that's the choice. Either run all around town, get ripped off and get a piece of craft or just make one easy call and get you a great name brand mattress. Exactly the one you're looking for at an everyday low price. Call 1-800 mattress right now and get the ultimate freedom of choosing from the top brands in the world. Surtas, Sealey Simmons, King Corley, got them all. And because they've got low prices every day, you don't have to worry about waiting for some special sale and the mind of getting bait and swish and a mattress that you didn't want in the first place. So if you're not sleeping great, if you're not getting a good night sleep night after night, you're back probably feels it. You probably feel it too. Get rid of the old crappy mattress and call that a mattress right now. They'll be there in no time and don't forget you pick the schedule. Any to our window any day, seven days a week. Call 1-800 mattress right now and as soon as tonight, you'll have a big smile on your ugly post. 1-800-MATTR-ES or check them out on the web at mattress.com. My and local year sports video 560-U.A.M. I get in and hold it. This Sunday, all of the sopranos. So what, don't you think you know? Hey, welcome. It's just this. It comes to projects. We'll take the lift over the tent. Tutal f***ing boot. You motherf***ing. You've got a real f***ing attitude, probably. But you take me in a f***ing head. The words become blowing out your race. But sure, I'm getting it, Toby. There's two things I'm good at. It's pulling fence. It's spotting good f*** jobs. I'm not out to hear a little bit of my own ass. You know that? You're born to the f***ing. I'm a babbling idiot. Can you just shut the f*** up about it? Just pick it up your ass. I'm touching the f*** off. Get yourself under the name of Ryzer. You're stupid motherf***ing, you know that? You f***ing piece of f***ing shit. Oh, I'm pleased. Don't start with that name, this is the f***ing issue. What the f*** is your problem? Or the f***ing audience with the pole. I bet you're very good to your mother. F***ing ass f***ing one. Yeah, f***ing you. Are you f***ing one of me? Some f***ing data. Get some nuts and butt up. I'm ragged for the tubes. Yeah, it's Christ. How you doing? No, Dean. Eat your money, God. I can't eat that. It's got cholesterol. Can I just get some macaroni and gravy? They f***ing you. You f***ing you. F***ing me. I don't like that kind of talk. Everybody else want a mouth off? F***ing piss. I'm going to bokeh. See, she said monocloss. So I love the smell for real. She did. There are guidoes. They are specifically. I don't want to see that. And I'm going to see a monster movie against him. We want to see real movie at the series. Real, I don't care what it is. That's what I want to see. That's what he wants to see. That's what he wants to see. And I don't want to see. Man, I don't want to hear like Manicud. And look at you, Real. And all that other guidoes. They want to really like it. When they actually do go to Italy and how the Italian talk about them. Yeah, you would love that. I really know how they've batted in what I'm about that. You would chuckle the deaf feeling. In fact, he batted in the hook and muscle of number one Carlos Buffon, Julan. In Channel 7. Is there anything he's saying? What are the Italians saying? And we thought the Germans would take. Robert Fisk, America's case for war has built on blindness, hypocrisy, and lies. George Bush and Donald Rumsfeld are willing to ignore the realities of the Middle East. The result can only be catastrophic. Great. Robert Fisk in the independent, other Brit paper. Years ago, in a snug underground restaurant in downtown Tehran, drinking duke, the UK. Do you do it? Do you queue? And Iranian beverage of mint and yogurt. Sautam Hussein's former head of nuclear research told me what happened when he made a personal appearance. Why? I'll just die justing that. Mint and yogurt. Sautam Hussein's former head of nuclear research told me what happened when he made a personal appearance for the release of a friend from prison. I was taken directly from my bag that office to the director of state security. He said, I was thrown down the stairs to an underground cell and stripped and crushed up on a wheel attached to the ceiling. Send the director came to see me. You will tell us all about your friends everything you said. And your field of research, you are an expert at my field of research. I'm the best man. That's when the whipping in the electrodes began. All this happened, of course, when Sautam Hussein was still our friend. When we were encouraging him to go on telling Iranians in his 1980-88 war against Iran. When he was government under President Bush Sr. was giving a report. He was giving a report for a financial agricultural assistance funding. Not long before Sautam's piloted part of missile in the American warship called the Stark and almost sunk it, pilot error claims Sautam. The mercenessal had been mistaken for an Iranian oil tanker and the US government cheerfully forgave the Iraqi dictator. Those were the days. But sitting in the UN General Assembly last week watching Bush Jr. tell us with all his text and passion about the beatings and the whippings and the rapes in Iraq, you would have thought they'd just been discovered. We're sure, brazen, historical hypocrisy that would have been difficult to beat that part of President's speech. Saddam had appears to him into a bad guy when he invaded Kuwait in 1990. Before that, he was just a loyal ally of the US as a strong man as the news agency boys like to crawl our dictators rather than a tyrant. But the real eye in the President's speech, that which is dominated American political discourse into the crimes against humanity, a 9-11 last year, was the virtual absence of any attempt to explain the real reasons while the US has fought itself under attack. In his vendacious article in this newspaper last week, President Bush's defense secretary Donald Rumsfeld also attempted to mask this reality. These September 11th assault, he announced was an attack on people who believe in freedom who practiced tolerance and who defend the inaliable rights of man. He made his usual absolutely no reference to the Middle East to America's woeful bias policies in that region, to its ruthless support for Arab dictators who do its bidding for Saddam Hussein, for example at a time when the head of Iraqi nuclear research was undergoing his cavalry. Not in order to America's military presence in the holiest of Muslim lands, in order with unconditional support for Israel's occupation of Palestinian land in the West Bank and Gaza. Oddly a very faint ghost of this reality did creep into the start of the President who ended with a dress last week. It was contained in two sentences whose importance was totally ignored by the American press and whose true meaning might have been lost amidst abortion itself, giving that he didn't write his speech, but it was revealing nonetheless. Our common security he said is challenged by regional conflicts, ethnic and religious strife that is ancient and but not inevitable. In the Middle East there can be no peace for either side without freedom for both sides, then he repeated his old line about the need for an independent and democratic Palestine. This was perhaps as close as we've gotten so far to an official admission that this whole terrible crisis is about the Middle East. If this is a simple war for civilization against evil, the line that Mr. Bush was so coolly peddling against these survivors of 9-11 and the victims' relatives last week, then one of these regional challenges, lighted Palestine in, in, in sinewated way into the text of President Bush's UN speech. Needless to say, this strange and comfortable little truth was of no interest in the American Washington media, whose willful refutes will investigate the real political causes of this whole catastrophe as led to a news coverage that is his bizarre as it is schizophrenic. Before dawn on 9-11 last week I watched six American TV channels and saw the twin-towers fall to the ground 18 times. The few references to the suicide killers who committed the crime may not a single mention the fact that they were Arabs. Last week, the Washington Post and the New York Times went to agonizing lengths to separate their Middle East coverage from the 9-11 September commemorations as they might be committing some form of sacralage or reacting in bad taste if they did not. The challenge for the administration to offer a coherent and persuasive explanation of how the Iraq danger is connected to the 9-11 attacks is about as far as the Washington Post got in smelling Iraq, and that only dropped into the 7-perg of an 8-perg ref in a tutorial. All references to Palestine are illegal to a settlement or Israeli occupation of Arab land were simply erased from the public conscience last week. When Hanan Arshwari, the most humane of Palestine in women tried to speak in Colorado University on 9-11, Jewish groups organized a massive demonstration against her. U.S. television simply did not acknowledge the Palestinian tragedy. It's a tribute to her own reporting that at least John Pooja's trench in program, Palestine is still the issue as being shown on ITV that's in Britain tomorrow night all that the disgracefully late time of 11-05 PM. But maybe all this no longer matters. When Mr. Rumsfeld complained so outrageously as he did when asked for proof of Iraq's nuclear potential that the absence of evidence doesn't mean the evidence of absence, we might as well end all moral debate. When Mr. Rumsfeld refers to the so-called occupied West Bank, he reveals himself to be a very disreputable man. When he advances the policy of a preemptive act of war as he did in the independent on Sunday last week, he forgets Israel's preemptive 1982 invasion of Lebanon which caused 17,500 Arab lives and 20 years of occupation and it didn't retreat and military defeat for Israel. Strange things are going on in the Middle East right now. Arab military intelligence reports to the shifting of mass of U.S. arm shipments around the region, not just to got her in Kuwait, but to the Arabian Sea, the Red Sea and the Eastern Mediterranean. American and military is, as Israeli military planners and intelligence analysts are said to have met twice in Tel Aviv to discuss the potential outcome of the next Middle East war. The destruction of Sodom and the breakup of Saudi Arabia likely scenario for rat crumbles have long been to Israeli dreams. As the West discovered during its fruitful period of neutrality between 1939 and 41, war crimes the pumps of the economy, is that what's going on today the preparation of a war to reflote the West economy? My Israeli colleague Amir Ahas once defined the mehar job as journalists, the monitor the centers of power. Never has been so important for us to do just that for if we fail will become the mouthpiece of power. So a few thoughts for the coming weeks. Remember the days when Sodom was America's friend. Remember that Arabs committed the crimes against humanity, 9-11 last year, and if they came from a place called the Middle East, a place of injustice and occupation and torture. Remember Palestine, remember that a year ago no one spoke of Iraq, only of Al-Qaeda and Osama bin Laden, and I suppose remember that evil is a good crowd for, but a mighty hard enemy to shoot down with the missile. Wow. Yeah, kind of hard to shoot that evil down with the missile, ain't it? That's 20-1 at 5-60 WQA, and most of the, well not most, but a lot of the good articles are in the bread papers, yes indeed, because they don't have to panorist much correct. 20-1 we got the mad dog coming along who's going to rave about that big dog and went against the Indianapolis culture yesterday who can't, we just don't have a watch, they don't have a clock, that's the problem. I just don't get it. Or maybe it could be that the Sandy Peyton Manning is just a little stupid. He looks stupid, maybe he's a little stupid. He's a little stupid. He's a little stupid. He's a little stupid. He's a little stupid. He's a little stupid. He's a little stupid. He's a little stupid. He's a little stupid. He's a little stupid. He's a little stupid. He's a little stupid. He's a little stupid. He's a little stupid. He's a little stupid. He's a little stupid. He's a little stupid. He's a little stupid. He's a little stupid. He's a little stupid. He's a little stupid. He's a little stupid. He's a little stupid. He's a little stupid. He's a little stupid. He's a little stupid. He's a little stupid. He's a little stupid. He's a little stupid. He's a little stupid. He's a little stupid. He's a little stupid. He's a little stupid. He's a little stupid. He's a little stupid. He's a little stupid. He's a little stupid. He's a little stupid He's a little stupid. He's a little stupid. He's a little bit a little spinnery. He'll be me a little bit. He'll be me a little bit. It'll be me. He'll be me. We'll be where we are. We'll be here. We'll be all right. I don't want you talk about that. And I'llvey you. The elevator. It's just one week ahead and I'll just let her notice. Congratulations. Accept this. Great awakened. Weleiche Okay, go ahead. You can give us more info. Don't forget to subscribe if you haven't already. Really, cool. See you there again. Bye for now. Bye bye. Bye bye. Bye bye. Bye. Bye. Bye bye. Sayonrawys pain Honey. Sayonrawys pain. Sayonrawys pain Honey 1933 It's day! In my every child Had five six oh W-Q-T-A One family has captured the imagination of all of America It's Al-Kidda in the family Healing girl, the insviths Non-believer, go to hell Living in the cave that now See you there today O'Sauvin, live in Spavry Sun's eye It's taking over the family business Funny business, that is Wow Oh, shut up, you think that you're being bet And where does that no good meat<|pl|> And some of the nine-year-old You pulled up That'll keep her in the family If like something you've seen before Oh boy Some of the moms don't really What are you going to do? Eat them great Satan's and that's a man He From your pop Just build nut by strength of the geod I see I see I'm feeling the gout being set blowing at them When the sun of a jack will get the sun of his own Feel larity and shoes on Al-Kidda in the family Only on Al-Jazeera TV land Prop 46-560 W-Q-Met's a beautiful day here in Toronto I'll tell you that man is sunning shining Going to hit about the 73 today It's lovely, low humidity No rain 386 votes on our survey How do you feel about George W's plans to invade Iraq? I'm against it Time expels the politics 155 Let's roll, sun I'm has to go one on the line I'm for it if our allies do an informe I'm for it even if we have to go it alone 40 And I'm against it, the US should never be the aggressor only 34 So let's see Yeah, 155 there is 1809 And half of what a 386 is one 93 It is tight baby It is really tight Look at this brick and there is no breaking news on here They are showing these six scumbags that they arrested in Lekawan and Buffalo There is no breaking, they are all of a Yemeni descent They are all in Lekawan and there is no breaking news on there Take that off and there are US rules on CNN There is no breaking news, we know all of these things Stop it already, quit your line You may not be the Axe murderers Look at that Look at what They showed Bill Gates But they are Mark Bichador Yeah And there is that crap in Yeah that guy Who how was that? I don't know Some rich asshole Yeah exactly University tightened security after more holes discovered in dorms The people of the world The people of the world I love this story This is from Boulder, Colorado Maybe this should cover up those holes with a boulder University of Colorado students and three dormitories on our edge After people were discovered in several bathroom walls over six month period I can't imagine what bit were playing after the next break The most recent cases involving three people that were drilled to the housekeeping Closet walls next to men's bathrooms In Cheyenne, Arpoho and Baker Halls The rest of the Arpo, Arpo, Arpoho You ever get a chance to arrive a hole? No The school is handling it well and I'm personally not scared It said Baker resident summer or more 18 But other students are really worried Some are scared of the summer more And that's not like a hooker or something The university officials have arrested a construction worker in one case They've also got stepped up security by requiring weekly dorm inspections ID cards to get into utility closets and picture IDs for all the visitors We're just devastated housing director Deb Kauf and said We're up all night thinking about what else we can do to keep our students safe The first people were finally a spring Real true for utility closets next to a woman's bathroom at Fairford Hall Sounds like one of those silly teeny Bob movies Right Campus police arrested a contact construction worker Michael D. Hall 29 who told investigators he looked through the holes and watched women shower He pleaded innocent to berglory and sexual assault charges Trail a set for November 9 Last week, maintenance workers conducting inspections found the three latest people Campus police spokesman Sergeant Timagross said the investigators don't believe he was responsible for those old But they can't roll them out Nine women who lived in Fairford Hall of Files Notice of intent to suit the university for failing to warn them earlier Confins that a security consultant has been hired to evaluate safety And surveillance equipment may be installed in dorms But we're also worried about student privacy She said we won't want them to be taken There's a big brother watching over them just a bunch of morning guys Looking through peholes Katie Chippko 17 said it's unsettling that's for sure But I'm not going to stop going to the bathroom because of a Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha I'm going Katie's an opportunity to think about your parts we know Yeah, there's when you got to go you got to go honey God Oh college sex column is causing stir Natalie Krinsky dares to go public on a topic most of her college classmates keep between friends Sex in the Elm city otherwise known as New Haven Connecticut The 19 year old juniors the resident sex port at the university student newspaper One of a small but growing number of college publications with writers who detailed the trials And tribulations of a favorite college pastime Their columns have campuses buzzing And that's all right because we're 20 years old and just starting to talk about this stuff This is Krinsky Ha ha ha ha ha Or just 20 years old and just starting to talk about this stuff Mind Who detailed her experiments with oral sex and some of her most popular and controversial columns last year Now she's back for more this semester She's back for more score court open wide honey As your fellow columnist off a new Krinsky uses a mix of wise cracks raw language And unvarnished advice to make her points New to the is inherently humorous the body is beautiful of course But things we do with our bodies in the sack are playing weird she observed in one of her columns tamer moments Have you ever heard you're roommate having sex it's embarrassing you're embarrassed to be human A column buff falacio triggered hundreds of hits on the elderly news website Some students were aghast and threatened to transfer is this journalism one gripe rift? At least a few student enters seem to think so Colors papers from New York University the University of Kansas to the University of California Berkeley started their own sex column Good for them Editor said they're taking a cue from off the right internet base columns that openly addressed the topic Some also note that they're simply giving their readers many of them sexually active before college Can you believe that information they needed but never got from home or each other? A recent survey of 15 to 17 year olds by the Kaiser family foundation and 17 magazine illustrated how taboo talk about sex is Among teens would engage in sexual intercourse only one in 10 discussed their plans with a parent at a time Surrey said about 40% of sexual active respondents also said they never talked to their sex partners about the AIDS virus and other sexually transmitted diseases Why do we be next to think that kids don't have horned hormones and are ready to have sex until they're married in their 20s That's not reality no kidding said make them venom sex common as if University of Kansas student newspaper Now excited we don't start talking about these things until we're in our 20s. I'm glad to know that Because you know that talk once it starts with talk and then courts court for you know it who knows what's going to pop up 1254 or 560 wm join speaker that join would join mark tonight 911 for money and football at Gatsby's Kendall Stuff by the wind some real marginal some real cheesy QA prizes enjoy specials on crown world as the Eagles and the Redskins tonight at Gatsby's in Kendall with Joe and Mark the dirty boys Hey, follows here in New Balance and this copy man. It's a PD letting I'm going to tell you something we got a crisis in copy man It's a PD-Lenney special you'll be alone a second. How I know that follows upon us a new balance of South Florida covers all your athletic inch I big part Falls upon us and new balance South Florida covers all your athletic inch slipping around town needs Who do you think wrote that? I never one slipper if you need to athletic shoes for car across training cross dressing running walking weightlifting Rather weekend worry activities new balance of South Florida has got your feet covered new balance of South Florida They came up with a revolutionary concept. They measure your feet the old fashioned way when you walk in the store They want to see how long it is now why it is in your foot too and it cuts them designs shoes for it new balances South Florida Because they care about your comfort with all the other brands issues if they don't fit you have to go to another model or type This is this could be the worst single piece of copy I've ever read in my life. PD-Lenney guess what? You're going to the woodchids weed heart. You're going to the woodchid go sluck them around. Okay New balance has got used to match your first line from infant to size 20 and wood from narrow double eight o' extra wife for F or E And I'll give him a four F the result athletics use that give you the best possible fit like the great walking shoes that I've been wearing In fact, this is my second pair. These are the best I've ever worn in a metaphor and I'm I asked all the time either New balance is South Florida they got style shoes and sizes and with the shoes that you could only find before in catalog This is the worst piece if if they pay for this spot, it's going to be one of great you know something even Jesse James never pulled a high select this You know that? Yeah, so make make or run a new balance to South Florida and apologize for me personally say Neil is so upset that you like to take PD-Lenney out there And had him drawn and corded right out there in the parking lot and believe me well deserved make or run a new balance to South Florida And they haven't to a mall pinecrison bocat town center today if your feet could thank you they would knew balance it's unbelievable My And look oh this is for three o' five sixty You way too way For the glory hole He's been through the key hole watch a mom and dad He's been through the key hole The most funny ever had mom and dad were playing text right there on the bed Mommy's our boobies as a pillow for daddy's head Mommy's head was Bob and she almost got whipped lash I don't know what she was doing but you got a note box that's a working through the key hole And show what I see Well sure do like and more and say the on TV Mommy and dad were hooked together like my Lincoln was What's my life what's something like that mom was yelling at the door Dad was breathing heavy My was on her knees He was that had a boom boom cause she kicked them well he pees He's been through the key hole watching mom and dad He's been through the hole The mom's on the other hand Mommy watched a little longer The life started to get sick If daddy's name is Albert One mom asked for dick Daddy grown in his eye broke back Mommy wanted more She's gone back on top of the pin But oh he did what's new He's been through the key hole I've got many pets I can't wait to try this out I'm so thoroughly in my class I can't wait to try this out I'm so doing my class Pumped at the end at 5.50 W2I We're at 297 votes I bet you wouldn't make 400 before we have to get out of here You think? All right Can we get you or? We got 397 how do you feel about GW's plans to invade Iraq? I'm against it the timing spells of politics You like that bugs in here? Oh no Yeah little tiny black ones Maybe Steve can come up here Don't come up here Steve You're strange We appreciate the great job No no no more Antonos But I got bugs I'm against it the timing spells of politics as far as this invasion of Iraq 158 to that Let's roll Sodom has to go 113 to that That's 28% I'm a four to our allies doing in 50 I'm 40 even if we have to go to loan 40 And I'm against it the why should never be the aggressor 36 be saying that I was just saying that Are we going to get those out of three or not? Are we done? No we'll get them Two more minutes I understand But it came like to offer And I think one of the One Samuel's website is not to pop it up on here Get a blank screen Do you think they sabotaged my good friend Linda? There we go 401 I got 401 401 In fact I'm going to get on the 401 That's the major highway up here The 401 Do you think they're like Significant? No No State Department removes Like to GOP website It was an honest mistake The US State Department says Explaining how its website Giving tips to travelers headed for Guadalajar Mexico Served simultaneously as a gateway For a Republican Party sales pitch It must have been just an accident With one click A click A handsome photograph of President George W appeared Another served up advice on how to get involved with the Republican Party Even how to make a donation The link which apparently had been operating for at least a week Was removed Thursday after a reporter required about it On Friday at a Department of Official Plan the local employee in the US Concentrated Guadalajara The official said the link has been removed in a Employee place with the link to the White House's Spanish language website How do you like that? Federal law bars government resources from being used for partisan political purposes New York Times said the set we counted highlights from Bush's record Not for for sale Republican member of B yet that included Mugs, Ties, scarves and Ballpoint pens A spokesman for the Republican National Committee said Party officials had no idea that a government agency's website had linked to the Party site State Department is acting to ensure that all its websites connect to a appropriate site The official said Now that they were caught with their goddamn website down How do you like that? Those good God fearing honest people God damn it We're sure he'll have a lot better than he didn't like us Bye bye bye