Call me, so I can't go into the show as mazbin's every sponsor. No, the meal rudder show on 560 WQAM. And beat that gator me. No, 560 WQAM presents the QAM Road Group to reach the goal of the rest of the crew. Visiting hours are 12 to 3pm on Sunday. For conjugal visits, 4 to 6pm on WAPEAR. Now, here's the default and the QAM Road Group. I, uh, I'm sorry I can't get to your goals right now. I'm a little busy picking up this trash here and the sight of the road. You talk them to the foe. Oh, just a maintain and a little dignity hit. That's what everybody loves about you, foe. It's got to look and busy. It comes the screw. Hey, we ain't running a social club here. Get that to wake you back to work. Hey, you're a surr. You missed a candy wrap over here. Yo, you're true. Me? When you don't stand around for, hoi, she's white. Oh, I am. But you're not. You like this, don't you? You're wrapped at him and breaks those rocks to fit. That is, got break and start breaking. No, no, no, no. Yeah, pick up that diaper. It's got to be used. Get up. Yeah, but I use water. Water. Water. You know, it seems what we have here. It's a failure to communicate. I know I saw that too. But it's been a while since it's been a while. Yesterday, you may have been a big shot. But today, you're my big. Water. Water. Water. Water. Water. Water. Well, we got a real mess over here. Oh, yeah, we got a mess, baby. We got a real big bloody, smelly, gooey mess. Here's a facts. What off the bet that says, you know, something when I came in here this morning I felt great. And then there's a little something to happen, which I don't want to talk about. But now, I can't, do I even sound like me anymore, you know what? I bet you my blood sugar is about 7,000. Feel like crap. Anyways, as your pull was manipulated again, Friday's default pull. Was that Jeff DeFraudest they're talking about? Headed's ballot box stuffed. Florida Gators Message Board's urgent. Like we don't already know this. Florida Gators Message Board's urgent online members devote against him turning a sure vote of confidence into a locker. What does that mean vote of confidence? Because you took this silly pull on Friday. Therefore it's a vote of confidence or not. Like it's got something to do with anything. Right. Like if they're going to make a decision based on some pull of a bunch of people out there who have no idea what other talking about. In addition, which if I would as the pull, because they do do better pull than George, I would have given another choice. The pull was should WKM keep Jeff a QAM keep Jeff DeFraudest. Yes or no, I would have said I don't care because I don't listen. Wow. Obviously. That's what I would have voted. Well, there you go. But anyway, 18 every 74 votes as soon as I turned that thing on or last night. 1877, I said it myself. Something's a skew here. I come to fight out that these asshole Gator people, most of whom keep in mind don't listen at WKM. Certainly aren't listening to show online right now. Oh. Except that one chronic puts up there that will never put on a ear again from Gainesville. But because Jeff DeFraudest made part of his claim to fame or inform a year, Rippin a Gator's and Steve Spirier all the time, about a 40% of his act. I would say. So therefore, in a fit of peak, let's get on that pull and they put on the message boards and we've got probably about a thousand people are voting on a pull who wouldn't know Jeff DeFraudest if he gave him their bookies number. Thank God there's telephone, Steve. Oh. Now good that we got telephone. So even if you're like under house arrest and you got that thing around your ankle, kind of like the Taliban guys in Guantanamo, you can still call that bookie, baby. Now the good deal is you paid the missumica suki's back 18,000 and something like that. May have to pay up to a quarter million dollars and fine. Long�sure's. Okay. Now I got a good tip on it, the Patriots dealer game next week. How about that Tom Brady, baby? Oh. That's my one goal in life. Is to shake that man's gland. A hand. Right. He must have a pair of the size of Harry Elefante. Nice going Tommy. I just approved you here that QAMC. This is not a simple black and white issue. This is a very complex issue and you know something? The best about the best way you can look at it is by saying a play on both houses, including me a defo and Greg. Yeah him too. Because if anybody deserves this it's Greg. You screw people over and let me also say this. How is it possible that Greg read and then bluff Lindsay? The leadership here at QAM and I say that with a yeah leadership. There were the only two people in the building didn't know about this. There were rumors flying all up and down the hallway for days. I hope there was some scandal with defo and it was going to blow up on our face and yada it was all over the building. And yeah Greg walks around with unusual. Yeah. What me worry look on his face you know. That big hole in his head hearing it out. And then puts on his big act like oh this what do you say to a very jackass and he can't stop talking a very jackass. He can't stop. This is why they both deserve whatever they're going to get whatever the fallout is. The problem is the rest of us don't deserve it. And the proof of that I have in my hands right here we had a great fall boy. Which comes out Friday afternoon. I come back yesterday afternoon. I'm going to take a few days a week out of this toilet. And there's a frantic message from Duff from our program director, Muff Lindsey. Frantic. She's down there in a keys. So I call the cell number and sure enough after about 15 rings after he puts the bottle down there he is on a phone. When you can understand he's under a lot of pressure. He's under a lot of dress. Nice dress, Duff. And he's so hysterical I had to hold the phone about three feet from my ear. I mean there was enough deviousness here all the way around that it's a match made in purgatory. And all by the way the book came out Friday afternoon and we kicked ass. Morning show actually went up. What used to be tomorrow show now it's just guilty in the morning of skeleton crew is what we got. Did I say you don't put it somebody's name on the show it's been the first team from the beginning. Didn't I say that? A million times last week you don't put somebody's name on a show especially a show like that who'd want their name on a show. If it was the first team you know the parts are interchangeable like they always have an it Jimmy's syphilis it's John Moynihan it's Joe Rose it and speaking of Joe Rose. I don't get it. Here is another guy who left here under the nastiest of terms. He's got a big heart on. Yeah. He told Greg that he was in fact that's what started this whole domino effect and you know he told Greg months ago that he was leaving a seek his forces on channel six to be like a TV sports mogul and whatever he's going to be and Greg and a fit of peak fires everybody on a morning show blows him out calls up his little boyfriend very jackass puts it in the newspaper on these guys are fired they suck. So instead of like saying okay well we wish you the best of luck we'll find somebody to stick in there he's you know sends Joe Rose out that we're pretending that the guy is fired ask him to stay next to a week or two because we didn't have the the San Diego uh... boot camp wasn't you know I didn't have all the pieces in place yet in that puzzle and Joe says no stick it up your ass leaves this place and I guess what he signs to take up the weekend spots that managed used to do he's coming back is there anybody out there who uh... who understands this go fuck your behind go back behind it again or under this whole deal with a morning show in Gregory blowing up this radio station is one the most ever in i've always said if it isn't broken they'll try to fix it but this this transcends anything i've ever seen in history this business and then winds up blowing up a big one grace face who still can't stop talking to very jackass he's probably on a full with very right now in fact he's probably got very sitting on his knee like charlotte Edgar Bergen and charlotte McCarthy he's probably got him a pepepepepepepepepepepepepepepepepe and it was here and Greg says we named the morning show after his very said i'm disappointed didn't come to a sooner about this he let it blow up like a bomb on us deputy front is dropped the big bomb on qaim says Gregory it so there there's no nothing definitive to say when he came right now to it but i will anyway i'll do my best on ravolet we got a mess ten minutes after nine and five sixty wqm let me tell you about oliumet right now fact i wish mire nalavorl on my feet last night just from the agenda roll on beyond to this whole place known i was coming back here today i got out the big bottle of or i wish mire nala my feet anyway in europe they've been using all of our lander food on their feet under their armpits up their nose for centuries and now you can get the benefits of olive oil metagrate new product oliumet gives you all the benefits of pharmaceutical grade all of who i would vitamins minerals and robles on a soft shell capsule it's easy to take to help your heart your cholesterol your circulatory digestive and a princess your skin and bones as well as your mind oliumet for most help for your heart your prostate your blood pressure your colon energy and move balance all using the benefits of pure olive oil like they've been doing those mediterranean european countries for centuries for a coupons age oliumets got supplements for men and for women as well so pick some up you'll find available at walgreens whole food markets navara discont pharmacy and cidano zevino cia on the shelves just access to our manager tap money shoulder and say hey we're now as it man where's the oliumet for more information on their products you can call them tool free eight six six oliumet that's one eight six six oliumet and you can order the products on their website oliumetamerica dot com get the benefits of pharmaceutical grade all of oil with oliumet mediterranean wellness available great you they say i love is tap who we're doing is wrong but i don't care what they say because my love is so strong they tell us we should be ashamed we're not husband and wife but i cherish each moment with you i'm so glad you're in my life you're my prison bitch my prison bitch you're not like of the men i'm glad we share a prison cell well i'd scope out at ten i can't accept who i feel now that will be a cry as long as i am doing you i don't mind doing time call for five prison bitch my prison bitch and i have no regrets i got you for a candy bar and a pack of cigarettes at first two were resisted but now you're all my friends i knew that i would get you in the end there's a bitch i guess that you were sent from above there's a bitch there's a bitch and now you're all my prison i'm a prison bitch your prison bitch and you're a submission i only have a real request how about some of the best of the yeah i'm tired of this prison cell i need to get away this sentence is between seven years now seven times a day i'm a prison bitch you're in prison bitch you're in for a minute Kyung chune a0 out up the there isn't anything flea Because I can hardly wait There's a bitch There's a bitch When I get out, I'm ready to go straight I know my prison bitch, my prison bitch I'll never say goodbye You're not like all the others Too bad they had to die On the second thought, I think I'll say If you want me to Your prison bitch is never leaving you That person will pass over me But now you're my soulmate So, who else ever can? I know, never know Now I know why they're calling you Heart, criminal You're not to find out when you call this the polka I need to see this five, 60 WCMC Anybody thinks that I'm going to like suck up to default here today You're wrong Or if I'm going to suck up to grade read you really wrong Like I said, it's a match made in purgatory They both deserve exactly what they're going to get Which is living hell Here's a fact from Greg Hansen and Detroit But I'll Greg, my grouply up there That station and he tried the overheads all screwed up again By the way, that's why sounds so strange to me Do I sound strange to me? Yeah, no? I mean it might be down in the other room Probably because it's been a weekend Anyway Greg Hansen says, what the hell happened In the morning show, I missed a start of your show And y'all did a... Well, I'm not bitching about anything I'm just explaining, you know, how come when I come on a year And I'm talking about whatever is going on I'm bitching and yet if you were somebody else comes on here You're just discussing these events Because you're just a bitch Right, well let's be side to point Hey Greg Hansen, mind your all business The show starts at 9 o'clock Which is another problem? Look at that When you have thought that after all this stuff And all weekend long of the article after article And all the buildup of this There'd be this tremendous response on this When I sat down here this morning There's not a call on the board Nothing So when I was going Greg we just had... We just gave you, we handed it to you No promotion? No assistance? Nothing And hand to you this gigantic fall rating book The morning show moved way the hell up Way up This show, number one by a mile What a gigantic fall book It's part of the fact that George thinks the numbers Just stacked against them And the summer because they don't like him in arbitrage And Hank was number one in men Even got a little extra bonus in there Because the station overall was number three in men 25, 54 And so what do they do? Instead of like plugging somebody else in there Call it into first team And Joe Rose is gone and whoever else is in there Mark Van Dewey, somebody we got plenty of people around Instead of doing that we got a general manager Here who goes off the deep end Screws up the whole radio station On plugs my show at 10 o'clock Which I've been on there for a million years And here I am still doing the same thing That we did two weeks ago Talking to myself for an hour Here's our bogus pole result Should WQ and keep Jeff to force And keep in mind this is a gator pool Which is really juvenile in the pathetic Just like him talking all that crap about the gators all those years Would juvenile in pathetic too Nobody cared Except for those little children Oh it's the king and the nulls Except for those little college football goofballs Which is about you know 5% of the population or less we hope Nobody cared 1902 votes Which would be hell of a number for world legitimate But it's not Probably half of those coming from up there in Gainesville People would know this show if you put out if you put out Oze up their ass they couldn't take the name of this show Should WQ and keep Jeff to your fraudest No, 1995, 57 and a half percent Yes, 807, 42.4% And there's no way to tell And not that it makes any difference anyway Because nobody's going to make any judgment based on that And like Greg Henson in Detroit and any of his other muppets If there's anybody else that was away for the weekend like I was A sports broadcaster guilty in bribe scheme Popular soft Florida sports broadcaster Jeff to force that Mid-in-Mimey federal court on Thursday That he bribed Mikka Suki gaming officials to obtain Look at the tribal TV contracts The forest 50 the drywooded personality best known for his morning drive time How Baba Baba Pleaded guilty to mail fraud in a scheme Which he kicked back as much as 70 grand to two successive marketing directors for Mikka Suki Gaming operations federal official set on Thursday Greg Reed WQ and program manager set in the statement Thursday To force will be suspended pending QAmanagement receiving all the facts While the forest lawyer said QAman was aware of the pending charges Reed said the station was as caught by surprises all of you worth The development regarding Jeff to force That must be because you got your head buried in the sand Greg Everybody else in a building was hearing about it The forest will be sentenced in March but prosecutors have already agreed to a sentence of three years probation Including six months of home confinement Yeah, they got hit they got him in leg ties in chains Or something like that Yeah, they have one of those bright years to see your laugh But they don't have been changed but what they got one of those ankle things around him Yeah, those monitors Jess We're monitoring you Eighteen hours of community service and a fine between two and ten grand He'd be allowed to leave home for gainful employment of community service He also agreed to pay the mekasuki's eighteen thousand three hundred twelve dollars for expenses And currently investigation And that's that But instead of waiting for all the facts to be discovered Instead of waiting like do it like a bench Greg Reed again Saturday morning there in a Miami Harold and Barry Jackson's a fat-faced little column suspended the forest might now return to WQM And there's Greg talking to Barry again You know Greg you're hopeless You're hopeless And here's here's the way I analyze it. This is the way I look at it This is exactly what Greg Reed deserves He screwed over those guys You know, so it wasn't a greatest morning show in the world But they they were making him a lot of money They were making him plenty of money Ratings weren't great but they were okay. They came back nice here in a winter book Everything was going along too well But instead of dealing with it like a bench he goes off the deep end Fireers them not just fires them to their face but fires them in the newspaper and Barry Jackson's column Then he says oh what you're fired but you're re-hard to stay around till we figure out what we want to do Knowing that they all had contracts and they couldn't go anywhere anyhow Of course the problem is default never signed the new contract Like a real like a rocket scientist Haven't I been saying that that's what I've been hearing and now it comes to find out he never signed a new contract So you talk about a guy who's doing the limbo rock at home with that thing around his ankle That's default And of course once this whole thing went down and then they had their big powows and sand The ego and they could consultants came up with this whole cock eye to the day of trying to put a guy in the year in the morning Who thinks he's funny but he's not And poor little Carolyn who wonders how the hell she ever got in the middle of this. I'm sure you know To make a morning show out of that And so deep oh once he saw what was in him he goes over and he starts sucking around with the other people in town He's trying to get him morning deal over there. He goes over to FTO he wants to get on with him over there to get on a sports show nothing pans out And so in their infinite wisdom with all this stuff going on behind their back Greg weed in the brain thrust here They renamed the first team Jeff the force the new morning crew is what they do Now didn't I say George forget about Julio he's a small bit that big potatoes Didn't I say here on the air and everybody thought that I didn't realize the mic was open at one day during some kind of a promo I said I think this morning show is gonna blow up in Greg's face. Didn't I say that we have it on tape more than once and third I think yeah did it blow up in his face Yeah, yeah Nice going Greg you just haven't got your thumb on it baby your clueless your clueless Rome is burning and you're out there playing your fiddle and selling milk cartons into public's pathetic So I just you know I just don't have a clue is the way I would say right now We've re-engineered we've re-enigged can I say that on Martin Luther King there can I say we need oh The whole station now based on the fact that the morning show in his estimation couldn't cut it for four hours Now we don't have a morning show we've got guilty in the morning skeleton crew And then the best part of the deal is I'm not here on Friday And I find out from my fiancee who says it almost apologetically guess who they stuck in there again in Friday when I was out of town Yeah again thanks boyfriend Who doesn't belong on the air to say good morning much less to do a radio show the most boring the most personality less human being in the history of the human race Wherever you people are right now There has to be a wall near you a brick or something take a look at it that whatever you're looking at that's got more personality than Joseph Gackie And the only reason it was not there this morning is because they know that if I'm in the car coming to work and I hear Joseph Gackie on a year on a morning show I'll turn around and go back home and that's a promise It's one thing to follow a week show is another thing to follow no show that air And believe me the way we're going in this nine o'clock hour so far it looks to me exactly that's what we're doing thanks a lot Greg you got exactly what you deserve a good stupid ass 26 after nine at five sixty w to Q m let me tell you about our friends at dialama fris one eight hundred mattress they know he can he'll be there so it died for it again Anything for their net Carolyn welcome back to the morning sickness crew We're only talking about sports at a rapid pace Hey, you think that's good when I was at the track last night, oh, I bet on was so slow that jockey kept it diaries That Carolyn about the guy that was raped in the hurry keem's locker room. Oh, yeah, yeah, and thanks by making his studio smell better Good okay, we got what's reading comics are the line Thank you for your call. Okay, it's time for another funny iractive comedy bit Go dee haun so go dee Not you go dee So go dee what you take on college at the leads who aspire to play Schmeer the queer Yeah, you got something against playing it I take a bird to what you said about grab soccer Sounds like a real ice queen if you ask me well, let's not get into that. Oh look we got the guy with the eyes for the third time today. Hi, you can Any Thank you for your call and this more fun and cut your balls off with a serrated scissors 1933 at five sixty W.M. Happy Monday to a happy Martin Luther Coolday. That's our poll today I noticed that everybody's all up and arms released four or five people four or five politically correct people Oh, how come now all the businesses are closed today The banks are closed are the banks closed. You have to kids out of school. Yeah We've got a lot of people in this place who are taken off like like a moth. You know here. Rome is burning in my stand here in key west doing got only those wuppin I think I had a pretty good idea. Fiddly he's fit limit But anyway, our poll question should more business be closed from Martin Luther King day Here you're choices. Yes, just like any other major holiday No, it's only a holiday to pacify blacks and No plenty of businesses they open on fourth of July labor day, et cetera. That would be my vote If I'm in business else they open whatever and how they want to stay open, right? Especially with the economy the way it is right now. Especially if you got a lot of that in Ron stock And how come those people are all in jail already? Here at depot's got to do what is it four years at home with an ankle of bracelet on and can't call his bookie And to me time these in Ron people well They got so his Kenneth Lace says this, you know, that's Kenny boy That's what the bush bush in his buddies. It was Kenny boy and then as soon as all his crap started coming down Oh, he was for Anne Richards. We don't know if they're about him Kenny who we don't know who that is right Who the hell are they can so that's our poll question Eric Also, I'd like to rip the crap out of new times you pseudo intellectual schmucks over there. What a bunch of assholes man Bruce J. Rock our group host personal friend Facts is me and where to hell is the review all here it is And while why would they be reviewing that anyway? It's not a CD that's like a commercial CD Maybe they released it as well. Well regardless In their every views of CDs in the January 17th, 2000 to edition of new times Jeff Stratten who must be a real he's an asshole Humorless puts it says large scale political events often listen yank evick issues satiric songs But Pembroke pines based year rock productions ostensibly patriotic geod rock falls Well sure to be even weird hours low standard for witten humor. I got news for it Weird Alan is on his best day never anything like geod rock ever did he ever do anything that good? No Using the most stereotypically offensive voice imaginable geod rock swipes geod house rock for a fourth chocolate or two or not Got my beard and my long white smock on of the geod rock Geod Johnny is considerably less memorable and terrorists nightmares if possible is even less So Jeff Stratten or real balloon always piece of crap at new times who should only croak a wicked net I A Don't do the g hot don't feel like coming in by every single characteristic Cowboy and many rock hero I'll be stepping on my suicide wrong My dollar goes rock Got my beard and my longaki My mouth out, I'm going to the G.R.R. She, I, too, says to Amaz for, Kiss the boys ready for a holy war, But, I, too, says to Martha, three, Come on and give them women and children with me, And love them, Praise all of them, love them, love them, One, two, one, Come on, love them, love them, I'm going to the G.R.R.R. Ten lucky night in coming out of his cage Salabace Monchy, Technical Rantane reverb Black male women fake in in the crowd But Bud is only The only ladies andlaws, let's rock All right all, all right all time, all right, all all all, Put on my bloody white bottle Goin' to the G.R.R.R.R.? We come at herując DNA She took the leg to American Hoop position. Going to the G-Arts don't be late. Coming in from every single set of mistakes. We've got plenty of money, rock your arms. I'll be strapping on my suicide bomb that rock. It's a mess, rock. We don't want to go up. So I'm gonna be your damn alone way to go up. I'm going to the G-Arts, go to the G-Arts. I'm going to the G-Arts, go to the G-Arts. I'm too sensitive to a mass force. Guess the boys ready for their only war. But our two sets of March and three. Come on in, kill some women and children with me, let's rock. Bring the ball, let's go. We've got my freedom, my lost, my smart. You're going to the G-Arts, rock, I'm going to the G-Arts. Bring the G-Arts, go to the G-Arts. You're the impudent one, kill them all. Okay, see that the beast isn't a control room. Now, Reven is a belly, which you ought to be rubbing in after Fridays performance. The rumors that he all the food from Fridays, a balance for life. That was supposed to be for the entire day. You don't be shaking your head, there's your buddy in there, give me the spy report. Eight all of that, and that was before we were with Chris showed up with the sandwiches. And then when diving into those. And then now he's left. First he's shaking his head out, nine eyes at the left, and when the red look on his post. Man. And was that the day after I was talking about fat people in denial? Yeah, tub. 21 before 10 at 5, 60 WQ, I'm all covering flowers, do you feel normal, okay? Just like your friend that Kroquini would this guy never make it to 30, not even close. Trust me, not a chance. To back all our predominant home of the work, In fact, we'll bring you big fat cigar too, I'd be like that. Just like Bobby Hull gave that big fat one, do you, who do you give it to? I don't remember who the hell it was, too. I don't know, I don't care. Oh, to Steve Isamant. To back all our predominant home of the world's finest cigars, and then the grandest cigarster and all the sound floated, and the located at... It starts at 230, only on sports radio 5, 60. QA, yeah. Okay, 16 to 10 at 5, 60 QA, I'm... See, I'm more concerned about one thing. I mean, D4, you know, he's not going to go to jail, he's not going to get any hard time, so to speak. He'll still be able to get on a phone with his bookie, and you know, he'll come down on, at least one, one foot sooner or later. I'm just concerned that this just muckl... muckl's muck, what's the word muck? Muck's? Yeah, that's the one. F. With a couple of the other letters I had in muckl. It just muddies up the waters that much worse at a place we're already. Everybody's drowning over here now, because Greg had a got an affidd of peak, like an overgrown child, and the screw and blew everything up. He's talking about D4 blowing a bomb in his face. You a big, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Blua, big bomb in everybody's face here, Greg. And let me finish when I started to say before, here's this great fall book, gigantic numbers. Big, big, fat, money making, oozing numbers. And you know what, he can do with him, my presents with it. Because he had a mess with success, like a child. And if he would have stuck Mark Vandermeer in there, or the beast, or somebody in house, and I'm not talking about this list, the rest of these people that Barry Jack has it bills in for. Do we want bills in for one there? Get outta here. Leave keeping them in for law. Get outta here. Maniac. Who else has he got on there? Some other Craig Winterfini, the big old Orlando. Then we just hear about what a disaster was during the holidays with the big old and Joseph Gackey on there. Didn't we hear that? And Greg's screaming with the worst radio in the history of the business. Uh huh. But you keep talking to Barry Jackass. See, this is the problem. He can't talk to the people who work here to their face, like me, or defoe, or Joe, or anybody else. So it goes and talks to a little Barry, because that's his level. You know, they say, water seeks its own level. Well, guess what? Greg seeks his own level too. And he's founded Barry Jackass, a little puts. They must have a great rapport those two. You know, can you just, would you like to be a fly on a wall here in those conversations? Wow, that's all Barry. What do you think I should do now, Barry? Well, Greg, mommy's here with lunch now. I have to call you back. Pathetic. Just tragic. Well, here's a skating defoe hitting facts. I'm not going to do that. I'm not going to pee on him while, you know, malleys down. What's appointed that? But I'm also not going to go to Lily. Because when we were at W.I.O.D. he pulled the same crap. Now, I'm not talking about the felony stuff. I'm talking about screwing over the management. And in this case, they deserved it. But over there, they did not. Packs in the bought the station, we're over there in a nice new building. Everything's going long and then this station comes to default. And they're, they're, you know, wooing him. Well, they did the same thing with me, but I had an out in my contract. And they made me an offer I couldn't refuse. And like a schmuck I came here. But in defoe's case, he left him hanging. He just left him hanging. Instead of going in there like I didn't say, hey, guess what? You ask holes. I signed with QA. And I'm going to be out of here with in a matter of months. And, of course, within a couple of weeks, they said, Okay, we'll pay you off. Get out of here, please. And I said, thank you. Bye-bye. No, default, what he does is he tells his good close golfing and drinking buddy Steve Nichol. Well, I'm thinking of this. I'm thinking of that, but I haven't decided yet. I'm going to be in this is on a Friday. Remember that day that day of incident that'll live in in for me? Leave's the guy hangin' comes 515 for the sports cast. Is there anybody there? Oh, there's nobody there. Steve Nichol has to wind up being the afternoon sports guy because Defoe just bailes out and comes over here. Doesn't have a conversation. I mean, I'd not like a munch like a devious, underhanded schmuck. That's the way you do things, Defoe. And now you're paying the price. So I don't have any great pity for him. I have pity for us. First of fact, that they named it Jeff to force in the new morning crew. And what did I say? It's going to blow up in Greg's face. Didn't I say that? I'll say it again. And again, we have it on tape. Many of you heard me say that right on the year, which I didn't tend to say it. And I'm glad that I did. You could smell it. And so here we are, we're nine to one, which you know, like I said, I like it not here one o'clock. It's almost 10 out, ready three hours will be gone. Struggle through the first hour. Every goddamn day, a major struggle. But you know, do the best you can take the money, including that bonus money. And now you can write it on your calendar. George has got another bonus comment. This will be another game that they can play. This is among the long list of lies that they tell here. When I had my meeting with Greg, I read in his lawyer in my lawyer, heard about 10 days ago, about some stuff that I'll contract with us with me. And Greg sat there, you know, I was picking that hole in his head and when you know, you'll see a lot of things about me on the year that aren't true. And his lawyer, Alan Fertel, who I wouldn't wish on in a Heinrich-Kimler, his lawyer says, oh, yeah, I could make a list here on his yellow pet. Well, you know, like Greg, you're absolutely wrong. Everything I say on here about you is absolutely 100% true. Right? I mean, why, why waste the time now rehashing the whole list of sad, sad business. And by the way, today's January 21, you know, that check a mine that paycheck when I was over in Amsterdam, he said, where the money for the bill, that I ever get it? No. Didn't it ever come back here so that could come to me with the return envelope and say, hey, look at this, they were, no. No. Must have just gotten lost in the mail. Maybe when they stopped payment, they also stopped delivery somehow. That could be it. Here's North Miami Beach, hello. Here's West Palm Beach, hello. Hey, you're great, Neil. You make the drive to a four-licker day. Yeah. You're enjoyable. Thank you. Yeah. Oh, we're picking up right where we left off Thursday. I thought these people were going to talk about what's going on here. You don't, you see, that's not a call to a talk show. You're great. You make that. I'm not interested in that. I'm interested in talking about what I've been talking about here for almost an hour. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. Well, let me vote in our poll. And I'm not voting, it's only a holiday to passify blacks. Even though that is true, we don't have any gay holiday. We don't have like Oscar Wilder, Rock Hudson or Paul Lindday. But we got to have a black holiday. Let's see, five, no, it's only a holiday to passify blacks. Nobody's voted, yes. No, plenty of business stay up on another major holidays. Like the fourth, did you lie and labor day and even Christmas day now. There are places that stand. Certainly on New Year's Day, because a lot of people want to buy booze on New Year's Day. What's that place that stays open every day even on holidays? Because Sukey. Here's sunrise, hello. Yeah, I know. Yes, sir. Those gator people wouldn't know Jeff DeFar is from DeFar's Kelly, the old guy from Star Trek. Right. You know Peter Lynch from Fidelity Investments? No. Okay, it's a big time investor guy. He took about business is what they do stupid. They call it de-worstification. That'd be verseification. That's when a business goes away from what they do best. Deforestation? Whatever. You'll be like, you make great hamburger, they go, hey, let's try making airplane. They do that all the time. That's what you said you're doing trying to make it a morning zoo or whatever they're trying to do. I have no idea what they're trying to do around thing they do either. And now at this stage of the game, I just hate to think what's going to happen. They should try to go after a Howard's turn and they should keep a meat potato sports show to people can talk about that. And then go to you. They look, they have to do one or the other. And right now they're not trying to do either one. They should continue with the first team and plug somebody else in there. Would you have to keep the continuity going? And obviously they're writing show. We had a lot of momentum going or they should have just blown the whole thing up and put on a written Suds or Bob and Thomas on like, you can't have a show that's neither fish nor fine. Exactly what they're doing. Right. One more thing I got to agree when you got a guy trying to be funny who's not that it makes that much better. One more thing I got to great LA Times article. Who's came out in December? This guy can't hand me building a Christian museum in Kentucky. Yeah. The little sands ago. Life size dinosaurs with the wish rate to theory that Adam and Eve live the long T-reck in a typical busful eaten free from violence animal that meet meat in the garden of eat. This was in the LA Times. Nobody talked to you about this? No. It's true. We don't think anybody in this audience reads the LA Times. I can't imagine it. But he should have these Christians. George Bush believes in the same thing the dinosaurs lived in a garden of eat. Yeah. And he does too. Have a great time. I mean why keep rest in the obvious. People believe in furry tales. We'll believe anything. You know what? That's expedient to make their case. Adam and Eve. Anybody over the age of three believe in Adam and Eve? No. So here's Miami. Hello. Happy Barlubic kingdom. And back to you. You know I was thinking of a great place. You know, the deep was going to do 80 hours community service. Yeah. You see guys pick up papers along the side of the road. Well he'd go to one of the tracks and pick up all the, you know. You know, he's already been doing that picking up the losing tickets. He's been doing it for years. He's been turning those tickets over. Hey, how about those patrons? Yeah, how about them? Nice going time. Yeah. I love them. You know what's even greater yesterday? I don't know. I don't know what this is for. But that those ravens lose what that ray Lewis and that big mouth. Maybe you see what does that say about the dolphins? I'm telling you what, you know, the Pittsburgh said when they said, well, what they've read all of my M.E. last week and the heart defense goes well. We're not Miami. Right. Wow. I mean, if I don't the song or a player and listen to that, man, I'm talking. I'll tell you. I'll be buckling up my, uh, kind of. Yeah, the dolphins suck. Let's face it. They're a little bit of their girls team. They would happen. I was listening Friday and I would have a gag older on, uh, cranky. They've never mentioned one word about the deep phonie afternoon. Are you kidding? Not a word. How is that possible? I know George George was on it all day. Right. Managed, you know, he was, he was, he was with it a little bit. And then it's more, you know, and what's your date, uh, what's your date on, uh, you know, your station stands for. Dr. Okay. Thanks for the good news. Although Hank was number one and men by a long shot. I thought it, I remember. Nice gone fat, though. Right. He had a big book and you wanted to know why. Because I'm back from vacation from another extended long to week vacation or how it had that goes for that summer vacation, whichever. It's right. So Hank went zooming up there from a four point out to a 6.3 from number seven to number one in man even with a gambling talk with what's your take all that other crap. But I can't believe he now. How could you be on this station? Do we any kind of a show and just, uh, slide by and I'm, I don't, I don't believe that. Do you believe that? I wouldn't know. No, I know you don't listen to what I'm just asked you. Believe you must have an opinion. Get him out of here. Okay. That piece of crap. Certainly get a butterfly net and go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go. Last who him in a hallway. That pitty Lenny. Last who his ass in a hall and lock him up. Put him down there and go on tonimal. I'm actually waiting to heaven. Puppah, puppah, puppah, puppah, puppah. You know something the far sales department would do is go to a job of servicing the few accounts we got on the air as they do of running around the hallway. Puppah, like that. Then we, uh, we being good shape. Wouldn't be doing the same copy or we've been doing for the last five years. About accounts. Hey, let's do that Mikasuki spot, huh? Then Mikasuki spot. And did you ever see that show? Of course you, I would, why am I asking you? On Sunshan? Love. The Mikasuki gambling show would Jeff the forest and whoever else had Kaplan, whoever else he could weed a linder that was going to the track that afternoon. Wow. What a show, default. No one did somebody had to pay somebody to put that thing on a year. Here is a marathon, hello. Deal. Yes sir. Good morning, Pia. And back to you. I hope this can a place come back, rotten prison for the rest of his lives and they take every penny that he's made over the year. Yeah. And that, what is George W. Bush getting you this? The great right when Christian Freak. 560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. Here's Fort Lauderdale, hello. Hi y'all, Dan. Okay. Happy, uh, Martin Luther King day. Then back to you sir. I'm kind of happy because I work with Lardy's hurricanes all day long. So I'm kind of happy for them to be home. Yeah. Be kind of a vacation. Uh-huh. So anyway, y'all have a good day. Okay y'all too. Here's North Miami, hello. Uncle, me, you? Yes. It's that guy that's talking about the hurricane. So let's move along. Let's move along. Let's move along. Let's move along. What do you got? What's up with you man? 560, this is just astonishing. Shocking. Amazing. But I still get paid either way in a room. Say. 956, 4 minutes till 10 at 560 WDQAM. You're looking for a creative gift for somebody's birthday. New baby or maybe to celebrate Valentine's Day? Uh-huh. Well, do something really personal and different. This year in surprise, I'm with a bargrab gift from the Vermont teddy bear company. Just call 1-800-829. And a friendly bear console will help you choose from over 100 handcrafted bears for any occasion. Personalize just for them. And deliver it in a colorful gift box with a card and chocolate. You can choose from bears like the new baby bear. With the baby's name and birthday embroidered on the bib. They've got bears for hobbies and occupations like the nurse bear and teacher bear. For Valentine's Day, be sure to ask about the heartthrob bear. Wearing silk boxes with red hearts of the brand new undercover bear. Instead of sending flowers, send a beautiful Vermont teddy bear which will be enjoyed. Forever. You won't believe the reaction you'll get. Or to now and have the bear delivered overnight or they'll hold it and deliver your bear right on Valentine's Day if you prefer. So call Vermont teddy bear company. Tell them that Neil Torn to call 1-800-829-Bare or shop online at Vermont teddy bear.com. The Vermont teddy bear company called 1-800-829-B-E-A.