Silvasa and like that in paradise everybody on Qandium Oh Oh Yeah Oh Hello, I'm the general manager of his radio station, and today is Russia's genre, the Jewish New Year. In an effort to celebrate religious diversity and promote goodwill toward other faiths, we've brought in a member of the Jewish community to offer our Jewish listeners a greeting for the New Year. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, go home, hooch it. There, back, your favorite Jewish rock and roll in the stars' band. It's Russia's genre now, with their famous ditel, so hop at the synagogue. My rubber bag is going to stick with this amazing honor. My name, my rubber bag. Yes, Russia's genre now has reformed and brings you 12 kosher types of hopper Hebrew accent. That's going. Isn't it good for you? This album should be in every orthodot rocker's collection. Rolling stones, it's five stars of David. It's our one day one day, they're in the day who wrote the book of Jones. Star-copper the synagogue, you from Russia, shut up. I'm able to have an all-recorded story. We'll cut price when you get here. Go, pass over to this album. There he is. Japanese New Year and all of a good stuff. Not 02560, WQM, so I got a real surprise for George Dirk. You got a start of the line. I didn't. When we talked, as usual, we're now before the show. But I just, I kept it quite because I know that you're going to like what your pants when you see this. All right. Remember yesterday, I had you click on the Sunset and the website? Yes, I did. Let's do it again. I hope I didn't take as long as it is. Yes, I did. Man, they're computer down there. That, oh, brother, Velsoff, blow is baby. Is there any doubt? No, Velsoff, blow is. Everybody knows that Velsoff, blow is my other net connection here. Velsoompatico is like instantaneous. In fact, all you have to do is think about the website. Let's think in a website. Error Scott, our website, all specific enough now. Nice going Eric. Better late than ever. But now see it's the George's fault. We didn't. You didn't go some a little bit. But he's got updated. He's also got the link on there. Those great five articles all in one. Okay, am I going to do a couple of, what? Am I going to do a couple of? You can read the entire Cheryl seal piece. Just go out of our neorangers.com. Click onto that link there above the abysmal thing. And you can read the whole thing. What is it? Go to columns. Go to columns. Okay. Go to jica, tom jica. Got it. Click him. Oh, say. There it is. I'm ever yesterday you did this. Right. And what did it say on September 5th? Cooking show schedule. Right. Cooking show. You see it now? Nope. You see any cooking show schedule? No, no. No. No. No, no. They're all gone. They're all gone. They're all deleted off the sunset on the website. After I show you yesterday. Must be just a coincidence. You know what? I see a story on the fonds. No, but look at it. Now question answers with Tom jica. That's in the Sunday TV. But that's not a column. No. That's just the questions he makes up an answer. He makes up an Sunday TV book. September 3rd August 26th August 19th. The last story. And August 12th. Q and A would August 8th. That means almost a month. So nothing has happened in radio or TV locally, nationally on a moon on your rainous in almost a month. And if you believe Tom, he's got nothing to write about. Is that incredible or what? Well, what's happened? I guess the American Idol thing didn't happen. I guess there's nothing going on in radio. That's for damn sure. I mean, just I just thought I'd point that out to the show. The power of good. This show that we embarrassed them to take them that out as if that mirror is being on a website. Oh, here's the schedule of cooking shows. That's Tom jica's contribution to our paper today. Man, give me a break little Tommy. I'm a genius. So that's gone. You won't find those on there anymore. But Johnson. Excellent job. Here's our pull results from yesterday, which we didn't get a spectacular response because nobody cares. They think I just make all of this stuff up more of that gay banter. Right. Which of these women do you most strongly believe is a beard for our gay celebrities? Elizabeth Taylor 190. All of the above 166. 661 votes kind of week. Lisa Marie Presley 73. None of the above 59. The cool kidman, boy, I'd try to consider me. She got a relayed start 41. Which is pretty heavy duty. Uh-huh. Britney Spears had 32. Britney nobody would have voted except for her. Bye bye. Kim. J. L. 31 who also made a nice comeback thereafter a slow start. They started thinking about that. Oh yeah, Pete didly. And that other requins she was married to. Anna Cornohordia and Brooks Shields retired with 27. And the Janet Jackson only had 15. Am I confused about that, do you think? I don't know who was she supposedly. I don't get that. Some fake. I don't remember. But nevertheless, oh speaking of guys, man, oh man, I know. It's more gay banter. Oh, godly. National Post Canadian Sign Josie Thieter for US-16 and a half-bending dollars. The highest amount ever paid in Montreal Canadian's history. Don't start with hockey talk. It'll be the end of the audience. I'm going to tell you there's a picture here of which I know he's a great looking guy. And a great goalie too by the way. I'm the first one who spotted him. Even remember what I did that. I spotted him. Spotted myself a few times. Just picture if there's anybody in the world who's better than him. I haven't found him yet. Good God. High school in Josie. How's it going, ain't on that's where he's a frog? No, he's not a frog. I don't know what he is. I think he's in the Greek. Here's our poll question today. What do you think is going to happen? It's funny. I don't want to even ask the question because parents are in a room. Maybe permanent program director but nobody knows for sure because Greg doesn't talk to anybody. Before we had we bonded before the show because Karthas has been sick for a few days with the flu but he's back today sounds better than ever as a matter of fact. And he's sound pretty good. Yeah, he looks all right to. For him. You know, well, I'm now you're getting carried away for him. He looks okay. But anyway, so we bonded a little bit and he said, well, you know, next Wednesday is the 11th. I said, no, I'm not kidding. He said he's going to be doing anything special. I said, yeah, I'm going to be doing my show. You know what I mean? Yeah, I know what you mean. I mean, I'm not going to take every day here. I mean, if you want to follow in what happened last year as gross test can horrendous as it was. And we all remember it like it was just a few days ago. But if you want to follow when it, we do have that one ACN bit. They put a little montage together, which I'll tell you Wednesday. And other than that, I just wanted to do a show. We'll talk about that. I'm sure in whatever else is going on like we always do. But in terms of like just changing the whole show and turning it all around. Maybe we'll take some calls. No, if we wanted to take calls, we couldn't do it anyway. I have an idea. Yes, we're not that. It's traditional to have a moment of silence. How about four hours? I'm just going to say, oh, I'm way ahead of you, Mr. Like I said, our new philosophy here on QAM from at least from 9 a.m. till 7 p.m. Neil, the mad dog and the Humper. We have a new philosophy. Work as little as possible and make as much money as possible. And it's working like a charm. Yeah. I mean, and do the show out over a town as much as possible too. Avoid that place, avoid that joint. Because there's something in that place that there's something in the year. Not to mention some people in the year and in the hallway. You know, the rats in my room like Jerry Reynolds said, rats in the hallways. Anyway, here's our poll question today. What do you think is going to happen this year on 9 11? Another terrorist attack? Nothing unusual or I have no idea. Isn't that great? Sounds great. I don't think there are any other choices. Is that the idea sounds like a little bit of a cop out though? Well, they always have to have an outlet. I know, there are many. Well, maybe there are, no, it's not on the question of having the opinion. I have no idea. In other words, well, how do you spell? Do you know what's going to happen next Wednesday? The calendar will change. I see. And chicken still won't be able to pee. And we'll be here. Probably unless we're sick or something. By the way, I'm a loser to talk. And I got a great book. Let me read the thing in for Eric. Thank you. By the way, Eric, for such a spectacular, quick response. And the fact he was able to do with that fast convinced me it's surges fault. It's my fault. What do you think is going to happen this year on 9 11? Another terrorist attack? Nothing unusual or I have no idea. In other words, like you said. I don't think that's a bad answer. I don't have any idea. I don't have any idea. In fact, I'm dead. Maybe my vote. I don't know. I don't know. Of course, most people, even if they don't know, they'll, you know, they haven't opinion. I know what's going to happen. There won't be much good TV to watch. Oh, yeah, they're well. Because I have digital cable. Oh, yeah. And it'll be appropriate for that day. Because maybe I'll sit around or watch screen. Right. Screen TV with a rising panel or something. Good like diving channels. Good way though. Some good cornball stuff. And they won't be talking about 9 11 or terrorist attacks or the World Trade Center collapsing when it goes. Grow test-corrible things. I'm not saying we need to. You know, stick our heads in the sand. But I think we've had many, many, many, many, many, many, many, many, many good reminders. Don't you? Many, many, many men. Oh, yeah. Maybe a few too many. Anyway, I got a great book for you. Now, you don't want to read it because you're not into a health. You're like, you like French fries. Right. And of course, I'm not into health either if I were. I wouldn't look like this. Although I will say this. Remember a couple of years ago, Dr. Dick. There was the, the blood testing guy who's a big fan of mine. Whatever that lab is. They had that new test where they test like 80s did in different aspects. It really comprehensive. It's very expensive. And did it for me for free, which is your reason I'm going to do it. You think I'm going to play like hundreds of thousands of bucks for a blood test? Oh, I don't think so. Plus being in radio were big on freebies. So anyway, they did the whole thing and come to find out that I had like a 90% percent. It was like your immune. Uh, found out when. Huh? I don't know the X factor. Well, your immune system and the whole thing. And it broke it down by calcium and by this. And I had like a 98% I mean, the score was almost perfect. And they didn't just budget, if I can say that. It was like for the real thing, you know, from the lab, which is shocking when you consider that I'm an old diabetic and fat and was eating chocolate yesterday. I'm allergic to chocolate and in this book that I'm going to recommend them. If I ever get to it, this book is almost the story of my life. Either what's very complex and there's a lot of stuff in here that's very, you know, but never less. Intestinal of floor imbalances. I've got yeast man. I probably have enough yeast in my body to like build, uh, to open up a pizza joint. Right? Right on. Don't they use yeast to make the dough rise and if I'm allergic to yeast by the way? And I'm my body is full of it. Anyway, the most common symptoms of yeast overgrowth in your body are gas, bloating and cravings for sugar and chocolate. Oh, right. That's me. Hey, gas, like in an elevator or we keep going day. Oh, what? Blowing. I like to look at me and cravings for sugar and chocolate. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. That's me. So I gotta get rid of the. I gotta get my ass to the office. I'm got the book, I guess I probably better tell the name of the book. Maybe Eric will want to put this on there too, eh? And I don't know if we'll find this in the US, because it's, uh, here it's printed by, um, Goodwin books limited North Vancouver BC Canada. But I have a stitch in making different, sure it? No. The name of the book is a paper back. Big heavy one, too. It's like 700 pages. Eating alive, too. So obviously there was an eating alive one, Eating alive, too, by Dr. John Masch, Mattson, MATS-N. Dr. Oletz-J-O-N-N. Dr. John Masch and N-D. What does N-D stand for? Dr. Nature Ropathy, I guess, what that stands for. We're not going to be done in N-D. Okay. That means he's already way ahead of the book of my as far as I'm concerned. Eating alive, too, Dr. John-J-O-N-N. Mattson and N-D. Pretty interesting crap. Also some stuff that's pretty complicated. She just figured about that stuff. Twelve months after 9 don't eat french fries. I don't care what McDonald's tells you. Don't eat fries, don't eat fried foods, don't eat all of that crap, don't eat chocolate. Remember that scene in fast-sewn, crispy hashed. Don't eat this, don't eat ground, don't eat bananas. Remember she had the old bag in the Dr. Office? I remember. You remember that? Of course I remember it. Hello? Yeah, what's wrong? Oh, there you are. You know what I actually did there? You see, it's you shut me up. I'll show you our first time. Well, the book is a big handy buy. I love that. I love that. You're on the Lord, I love when I do that. Because you know, every time I pause or reach for something, I'll use a layer. So this was in me where anyway, do you remember that scene with the old bag? Of course I did. Where do you where probably same that anyway? Oh, good. 9.13 at 5.60 WQM happy Friday 2. Happy New Year, happy Goisha holidays, whatever. Whatever you're celebrating. Happy UMKiver, I'm sorry. That's next week and it's not happy. Hey, I want to tell you something. My good buddy, Skippy was in there today. And he promises me some new copy for Older yom and why am I going to be excited about that? It's a great product. The only problem is that Brian Schmutz, you know, when he left us, when he abandoned us, and went to, uh, I want to give you a kiss. Kiss. When he went over there, after he went to work for his family for about five minutes, he just kind of left me holding the sack. And in that sack was a whole bunch of old yom. I remember we opened up the old yom and when I was there. Yes. And there were a bunch of bobble-head dolls. I guess I shouldn't have. There were yours. It was Larry Coker bobble-head dolls. Sorry, Beast. Why don't you guys end up with sports shows grow up? Anyway, old yom and his a great product speaking of your health. It's a soft, self-capsial. That contains pharmaceutical grade olive oil along with vitamins and minerals and robables. And it got a separate product from, most health in each different part of your body. There's one for your prostate, for your heart, your blood pressure, your cholesterol, your circulatory system, your digestive system, your endocrine system, your skin, your bones, even your mind, your mind. All of using the benefits of pharmaceutical grade olive oil, the best that you'll find anywhere in, of course, because it's in a capsule that's high potency. It doesn't oxidize. And old yom and his got great products for men and ladies as well. Pick some up today. It's all over town because more and more people are poppin it and the tablets and the capsules do. Fix them up at Walgreens, whole food markets, and overall pharmacy and salinos. If you want more information about oil-made, you can call their tool free number and ask away at 1-866-Oliomade. 1-866-Oliomade, and not forget, you can order their products on their world famous website, OliomadeAmerica.com. This is for 20-06. 2 AM. I wouldn't believe a word in me all said if the tongue was not rise. We're at it, not a few. What are you looking for? Look at corn, rabbit hole sticks. Why are rabbit holes? You have a good. I'm just won't fill up away from a county, been the blues bubble handle. You are a rabbit code dealer once you know that we're your eternal friend. Just fill your tank with a rabbit goal and get a 9-11 commemorative bubble hit doll for only 9-95. You'll get a George W. Bichany, Polly, Bimma Foods, and Token Negro condomies arise. All come with a complimentary cardboard pulled out by a ram of ground zero. Kids will love placing the bubble hit doll on top of where the building is fell. I play diorama soul separately. Collect the entire car-liled roof. Improve your cars performance with a rabbit goal. And put a shot-a terrorist in your tank. See, and right up until now, I always thought it was current Thomas was the Token Negro, but what do I know? 1918 at 560 WQA in. Now this book that I'm recommending, I do want to cost you a head of time that, you know, the dietary part of me, foods you recommend in the C-weed. Well, it's not quite that extreme, but, you know, you're not going to go to that extreme, most of you. But nevertheless, the book is outstanding in terms of the information. And you'll read some of this stuff. You'll say, oh my god, that's me. That is me. And then you look in the mirror and you say, oh, that's me and you say, oh my god again. Can I just read one thing here? Because I don't want to discourage you from eating french fries if you like them. But you're not going to. I should. What do you have some kind of a death wish? Matter of fact. Several commercial processing methods will turn good fats into killer fats. The main, the three main ones are these. I'm not going to read all three. Well, I go into thing about frying. Oh, hi, drive gin is a hydrogenation. This process turns liquid oils into cheap, spreadable, shelf, stable fats during the process. The essential fatty acids and others are twisted in the molecules called Trans fatty acids. Have we heard that on this show before? Yes, of course. That have never existed in nature in the forms present in margarines, shortening shortening oils. I'm going to have shortening. Remember that's a shortening bread. A part and it's almost as good as Aquarimus and blue bread on my shoulder. I can't stop singing that now. Remix. Apart from the high-rage native vegetable oils and vegetable shortening research on trans fatty acids shows a wide range of detrimental side effects. Do you want to hear the side effects? Okay. Trans fatty acids. And by the way, frying. Fried fats cause cancer and heartening of the arteries. When we fry food, we burn it. We change the chemistry of the oral molecules when smoked develops. Well, it's just, I'm just telling you. Anyway, the side effects of trans fatty acids. They raise the level of LP, the strongest known risk of cardiovascular disease heart disease. They change the way our immune system works. They decrease testosterone increase abnormal sperm and interfer with pregnancy and animals. They correlate with low birth weight in human babies. They lower the quality of human breast milk. They interfere with liver enzymes. This is a very important classification. They change the fluidity of cell membranes. They're slowing down their reactions. Lowering cell vitality. They're changing their permeability. They change the fat cells work. They make tablets more sticky. They increase cholesterol. Increase LDL. The bad and lower the HDL. The good. They interfere with functions of the essential fatty acids. Which we require to be healthy. Other than that, they're pretty good trans fatty acids. What is that? They make everything delicious. They're in breads, candies, cakes, cookies, granola bars, crackers, digestive biscuits, pancake mixes, breakfast cereals, instant soups, chocolate bars, desserts, fruit cakes, chips, convenience and junk foods, peanut and peanut butter, even in crutons. The law prohibits trans fatty acids from being used in baby foods. Are they not quite telling us something? I do like that. And you want to know why? Because it would kill them. Anyway, we'll thanks to Rich Pacti, we're getting even though he's sending that little teeny tiny. You know, something the fact that he did send me that teeny tiny thing brought more of it to my attention. Am I the oven's column? From yesterday? See, it was probably by design. That's right. Thank you, Rich. You're a good guy. No matter what part of our junior says because we know part. Oh, George says part. Harvey juniors in asshole. But anyway, Cheney unqualified a champion Warren Iraq by Molly Ivans. Of course, he was the author of that book, Shrub, the short for happy political epidurals W. Bush, which we have promoted on our great website, which wasn't so great yesterday, but it's a lot better today. And so anyway, I thought that column was so good that I'm going to read it again today, not right now, but a little bit later. I thought it was, huh? Please, I thought it was staggering. I thought it was just enough to make the hair grow on your rain as chilling. Trespass of alert shots, chemical depot. Tool Utah. Must in that right T.O. Because they were talking about yesterday, but I never heard them pronounce the sound. And apparent intruder spotted an army depot where chemical weapons are stored. Never got close to the air where nerve gas and other chemicals are kept official said. This should be a sure rest as we get close to 9.11. A terrorist alert was found in yesterday, but Colonel Peter Cooper, commander of the desert, chemical depot, or desert ray. I thought that said desert, desert, or chemical depot said. The security of the depot was never at risk normal operation of it resumed this morning. Well, let's see, it's only 6.22 in a morning out there, but I bet they're working on it right now to get in the gas going. At this time, we cannot confirm an intruder Cooper said, Blay, yesterday, we're not sure if it was an employee who was not in a right area. The person fled after being spotted within the heavily guarded perimeter by four soldiers during two separate patrols Cooper said. Well, you wouldn't even think that was just probably some employee who wanted to run your area. But when they saw him, he just started running. In Washington, a senior administration official speaking, of course, on condition of anonymity said there was no evidence that anything was still under that terrorism was involved. The apparent trespass, your dressed in dark clothing, was cited within a fence area between the stored chemicals in the outer perimeter authorities be seen. Sheriff's deputy set up a roadblock around the depot after the alarm sounded at 9.24 yesterday morning, their time, and state lawf is who's combed the grounds in the night before calling up their search for the possible intruder. In other words, they never found him. Huh. Kind of like the people that slipped through security and all, and they never find him or somebody's bag is got and they never find who's in it. The depot, which is about 45 miles south west of Salt Lake City, and covers 19,000 acres, mostly, barren wind swept desert, has been destroying a stockpile of deadly chemicals. They've been since 1996, they've been doing it. Earlier this year, it finished destroying the largest stockpile of Seren nerve gas in the US. The 1300 tons of VX, a more toxic, but less volatile nerve agent, and 6,100 tons of mustard gas, a blessed agent that can dissolve tissue on contact, the same kind of Sodom used as own people by the way, and the Kurds. Yes, I just went to Manhattan passing. Our good buddy side, and which I have a piece, oh man, so much stuff and so little time. I'm going to have to save it for a little bit later. Remember I told you about before the shoulder, this scoop from scoop, and it's called what? I'm just stalling here until I find a goddamn thing. That's right. Where the hell is here? It is. No, that's not it. That's General Ashcrofty Tension Camp. Sorry. LSU fires Hatfield's boss. Still haven't found a goddamn thing. Troubling new face of America by Jimmy Carter. How do you like that? I was ripping him the other day and he writes a great column. Just like Eric with our website, you know, I was ripping him and asked this a big fan asked. It's my fault. I can't even find the damn thing from the scoop, you know what the hell is it? Oh, here it is. How the US arm's sawdom who's staying with chemical weapons by Norm Dixon. Oh, that's great. We'll get to it shortly. A lot of good stuff, not a whole lot of time. Although we're not talking too much of course about football. That's the problem. I'm going to show you by the way, Wanky's got a broken foot. Do you remember that day? What day? It was last year. I don't remember what to tell you, play for us. You because I don't pay any attention to that crap. We were doing a show. We're in the involved in whatever the conversation was back in the horrible days when we took calls on the show. And out of left field, this punk kid calls in. Wanky's got a broken foot because the hurricane FSU game was coming up. Her coupons and FSU that the no holds. No, I don't remember that. Chris Wanky had a broken foot. And this kid was like so breathlessly. We gave a crap about that on this show. We don't care about sports nerds. Okay. It couldn't care less. Anyway, Senator proves plan to arm commercial pilots. You know George's on like it. Oh, no, I like it fine. Oh, I thought you said yesterday you didn't like it. I was a toy with the idea. Are you starting to waffle a little bit? No, I think it was a bottle. I don't think it's over for either. They have trans fatty acids. Like anyway, Senator voted overwhelmingly. I said it well commercial pilots to carry a weapon in the cockpit after the Bush administration. Dropped its opposition to the idea. The administration knows that a number of safety and logistical issues needed to be resolved. And leder to two senators, the White House recommend giving pilots lock boxes. Oh, thank God for our goal. Lock boxes for the weapons so they won't be left in the cockpit. It also said only pilots who volunteered to carry weapons and receive extensive training should be armed. And they are absolutely correct of course. Al at atke achon, a pilot speaking for the 14,500 member union representing American Airlines pilots, which supports Army pilots, said the 87 to 6th of May to Senate recognized that all the security leaders, the administration is putting it a place are still inadequate. The people who need the weapons as a last line of defense are the pilots he be saying. They're trying to keep the gun from he said, adding that thousands of state and federal law enforcement officers travel on planes while armed. Until the early 1960s federal regulations required pilots to carry guns when they flew a plane carrying US mail aid consent. The heads of 21 airlines, which oppose them are here, send a letter to each senator Thursday saying they wanted to discuss the idea of Army pilots of Congress and administration. It must be noted, however, that while we're spending literally billions of dollars to keep dangerous weapons off the aircraft, the idea intentionally introducing thousands of deadly weapons into the system appears to be dangerously counterproductive, let us say. To address some of the airlines' concerns, the administration suggested a detailed effective training for a rampied design from scratch and tested before an estimated 85,000 pilots are before their reliability carry weapons. The administration also warned the cost to be significant $900 million to start and $250 million annually thereafter, and said there is no money now in the TSA budget to cover the expenses. But maybe if we saw a lot more gas and a lot more oil, we can't work it out somehow. You think? No. So when it's out, gas it up. Right now. Let's see. Now, is there a couple of list of the senators who are going to against it? A John Corsi, Democrat in New Jersey, James Jefferson, dependent of Vermont, Arlan Specter, he of the magic bullet theory Republican Pennsylvania, Teddy Kennedy, Jack Reed Democrat of Rhode Island, Lincoln, Chapy, Republican of Rhode Island. Not voting were senators Daniel O'Caca, Democrat of Hawaii, Joe Biden of Delaware, who's busy changing his name. Former baseball pitcher Jim Bunning, Republican of Kentucky, is probably worried about the baseball settlement. And it's all it's signed. It's done Jim, just come down. John, incident of Nevada, Tom Harkin, or Iowa, and Jesse Homes and Robert Torres Silly. Then it surprised you, Jesse Homes, wasn't for it? That does surprise you. Oh, no, he didn't vote. He be illin. 9. 27 at 5. 60. WDQM. Gary Sarner by the way is an asshole that I mentioned that yesterday I just mentioned that in passing now. VIP Sportsbook.com is in in the Tuzan, very far from into to you because we've been turning about them for a very long time on this radio station and VIP Sportsbook.com is the best-selling sportsbook to be endorsed by all the industry watchdog groups since way back in 1996. Well, it's not that far ago, but it's six years. It's the first piece. They can see no time to news recent issues. You can look, but you won't find a better overall sportsbook than VIP Sportsbook.com. But maybe you're looking for more than just a world-class leading book that offers 24-hour VIP service in the safety of a leader. How about this? How about the highest probably odds you'll ever find anywhere up to 2001 minimum vegetable, and $5 bucks and free with draws 24 hours a day and a 15% cash bonus added to your first deposit. This isn't some general book located like an Opalaka. This is Dutch based VIP Sportsbook.com or your treated with class and your money is safe. Sign up online and get you a 15% cash bonus and a new account or call them toll-free 866 VIP bets, VETS. Easy to get started. Just go to VIP Sportsbook.com and don't forget when you do sign up online. You get yourself that 15% cash bonus. That's VIP Sportsbook.com or you are the VIP. My local year sports video 560's you and you a year. Why do you wear shoes? What's your best choice? What's your best choice? What's your best choice? What's your best choice? What's your best choice? What's your best choice? What's your best choice? What's your best choice? What's your best choice? What's your best choice? What's your best choice? What's your best choice? What's your best choice? What's your best choice? What's your best choice? What's your best choice? What's your best choice? What's your best choice? What's your best choice? What's your best choice? What's your best choice? What's your best choice? What's your best choice? What's your best choice? What's your best choice? What's your best choice? What's your best choice? What's your best choice? What's your best choice? What's your best choice? What's your best choice? What's your best choice? What's your best choice? What's your best choice? What's your best choice? What's your best choice? What's your best choice? What's your best choice? What's your best choice? How's your best choice? Nothing. What's your best choice? What's your best choice? What's your best choice? What's your best choice? What's your best choice? Something you like? What should I start? What should I start? What should I start? What should I start? What should I start? What should I start? What should I start? What should I start? What should I start? What should I start? What should I start? What should I start? What should I start? What should I start? What should I start? What should I start? I'm 32 at 5 or 60 WKAM. I'm always hesitate because I'm never going to be sure about this. One more. A little sound on his bits. Anyway, Jesuits to pay $7.5 million to two men who contended abuse. Los Angeles. Two men who were sexually abused for years by Jesuits at an Northern California Religious Retreat received a total of $7.5 million for an out-of-court settlement. The settlement among the largest of its kind and a growing number of such cases as we well know was reached on Wednesday after about a year of negotiations between the California Province of the Society of Jesus and Laura is representing the two men who are identified only by pseudonyms John and James Doe. The two men, John is 56 and James now, 51, had lived for nearly 30 years at the Sacred Heart Jesuit Center which serves as a retirement home for some 60 priests and lost gottoes California. Both at work is dishwashers. They're running about 8 bucks an hour. What's your more new mate? And a lot more than Carlos Chuck is making. Whatever his name is. How come you came up with that Chuck Ramp? Because we have two Carlos's. And we don't want to confuse anybody thinking that it's Carlos with the 85 of penis rings. Right. No amount of money will ever give them their life backs and Holly Ilts who owns a dress shop and lost gottoes and filed a suit and we have a John Lysier in Santa Clara County Superior Court but it'll give them enough money to live comfortably for their remaining years. According to the lawsuit, the men were repeatedly subjected over 30 years of Sodomy, molestation and false imprisonment the suit which was scheduled for trial October 15. It's a 10 million damages and it got to them in the hand. Here's a great letter as whoever practices to me points out in the right in the new times this week. From a guy named Prince Lee, Master Gray, most of her wife can't read it in homestead. Prince Lee sub a Prince Lee guy. It says, it appears that Reverend Richard Benad Jr. has put his proverbial foot in his proverbial mouth. He states that he and some of his cult followers, yes, religions are just cults but would laugh members. You're right. Lot of repeal the 1998 ordinance that added the word sexual orientation to the county's human rights law. His ill-conceived logic is that homosexualists weren't born gay but rather chose that lifestyle. Well, if that's the case and why is the word religion included in the very same ordinance and prohibits discrimination. Reverend Benad Jr. born a Christian, you chose that lifestyle. We were all human beings. Any of us has chosen a particular lifestyle. Nobody should rightfully be able to discriminate against any of the human being simply because the lifestyle he or she has chosen period. And who's to say that Jesus wasn't gay after all he was never married and some artists' conceptions of him to pick them wearing what could be construed as a long, white dress longer than even what the footballers know. I'm a heterosexual born again agnostic male and I plan voting no on September 10th which will be my personal way of saying screw you to the likes of Reverend Benad. Take back mommy dates communication director Aladio Jose armisto and all the other holier than thou assholes who inhabit this county. Nice letter, Prince Lee. Nice going, baby. Just say no. To a bigoted assholes in the county too dang let's cut the craft. Get over with already. God, just rehashing the same old over and over and over again. Gonna have to find some new scapegoats. Okay it's wearing pretty thin. Case of 13 and 14 year old brothers accused of killing their father heads to jury. It's reached ahead can we say that? The case against 13 and 14 year old brothers accused of a deadly baseball man attack on their father's head for the jury. Did you want to be the testimony? No graphic details of the head coming open in the brain. Oh my right about it but I didn't see the testimony. I read it yesterday stuff. Anyway can I get to this or not? Okay no. Did I see you want to it's glory stuff? We don't want glory stuff. How's our full coming by the way speaking of glory? His next one is the 11th. 52 votes. What are you thinking is going to happen this year on 9 11. Next one is the nothing unusual 31. I have no idea 19. Another terrorist attack only two. See? Yeah. We have a whole bunch of superstitious paranoid maniacs in the audience. You hear that? Yeah. Celebrations are set to begin today in the first or third or third trial of Alex and Derek King who faced mandatory life in prison without parole convicted. And unusual twist it's the second trial in the same killing. I still don't understand how they can do this. Do you? No. They've had the other trials already concluded the verdict is sealed. And other Chinese, it's like mixed in match. But we'll trial a whole bunch of people and see which ones we can get a conviction on. And they could all get off. Right. And then they'll say, oh well nobody did it. The suicide. Convicted child molester Ricky Chavez 40 was also trying to reconfigfully different theory of the crime that he will the aluminum bath that killed Terry King. The verdict reached last week in his trial will seal until the King brother's trial ends. He faces the same sentence. Yes, that a prosecutor David Rimmer asked yours not to be swayed by anger with Chavez. You don't like Chavez, remember? Nobody liked Chavez. Chavez is the kind of guy everybody wants to hate. What's lower than a child molester? Firefighters found the body of Terry King also fought in a McLaren side as burning home. And the brothers confessed to police today after the slaying the pernouse. That Chavez was the real killer. But Rimmer said the boys were telling truth the first time and that their confessions are filed with a kind of detail. Only someone who was there would have known. The fence lawyers contended that the boys confessed to protect Chavez and perited what he had coached them to say. They had included such glory details like you were referring to before as being able to see through the victim's brain through a hole in his head. And the raspy shot of his last gasps. And the raspy shot of his last gasps. Hey everyone in the courtroom can repeat those details to James Stokes' Alice's lawyer. The voice stories line up because the voice of a reserve are rehearsed. The voice changed their stories more than four months after the murder telling the grand jury that Chavez killed Terry King. While the brothers hidden the truck of his car, the grand jury then indicted Chavez. Rimmer argued that Derek swung the valve out loud as urged him to commit the killing just as the brothers had originally confessed. Earlier yesterday, Derek King took the witness to an oil and tell circuit judge Frank Bell. He would not test the vinas on the fence. Yes, sir, it was my decision. His soft-spoken brother testified when they, that the boys took the blame because they wanted liver to have a stab. He had told them they would be exonerated by claiming self defense because they are juveniles. Both boys testified against Chavez last week. Sharon Potter won a Derek King's lawyer said an occosing argument that the boys had no motive to kill their father. But that Chavez did, she said Chavez wanted to keep Terry King for a minute fighting out. It was having sex with Alex. Rimmer said the boys motive was to have a murder. Rimmer said the boys motive was to escape a controlling father in the woodchavez. Will allow the boys to play video games, they play watching TV and smoke wicked weed when they went to his house and running away from home from 1080 for the killing. He also pointed to Alex's affection for Davis, reading from several love letters he had written, including one that ended before I met Rick, I was straight. But now I am gay. How do you like that, huh? The ZAR. Very strange to understand. Last night on MSNBC they had Alan Dushu with debating some bitch on his. And I still have no idea what they were saying. Pop-up and they were screaming and talking at the same time. That's what they love. See the host of those shows, I think it was Chris Matthews, it was hard or softball. They were pretended to try to referee it and talk at the same time. But they loved that when they started shouting and shouting over each other and they could get like that. You can see the veins get made to pop out of their neck. Kind of like most burrow co-strains. Anyway it's 21 till 10 at 5.60 WQM on a great Friday. And you know another great thing about not taking calls is I'm thinking that this right now this next several days, this every year was one of the worst times. Sure, that dead and trying to in begging for calls, the dead zone because it was the... Oh, he's known. Not that we have that big of a Jewish audience out there, but I think even the Graham celebrate the Jewish holidays. See, I celebrate New Year January 1, I don't know about you. But at any rate, Roger Scharer and you, I'm kipper and they're doing this and you know, nobody had time to call us. So we don't care. No call us because we'll call you or not. Hey, if you love your home, but you're looking to have more space because you've got stuff come out in your life. What do you do? Do what hundreds of other people are doing right now, hundreds of smart people and call strictly additions. Whether you're having a baby and you need another room if you're converting your car port or patio when living space. If you go out into business for yourself, I want to make a home office call strictly additions. There are your one stop, shop more space for your place. Place with an absolutely worry free approach to expanding your living space. Those no shows by the contractors that you've experienced in the past and going to happen in complete work. No chance. No one expected bills. No worries about the job not getting done right and strictly additions take care of every detail. They drop your blueprints. They get the building permits. Handle all the inspections. Strictly additions have got an easy five step approach to total customer satisfaction. First of all, they call the schedule a free project evaluation appointment at your home where a project estimated to determine the scope of your addition. Number two, they schedule a bit of employment in their convenience your home or they get a detailed proposal. And an exact price for your work. Number three, select your finishing touches go to contract number four. Review the design architectural drawings and then number five. Sit back on your lazy fat ass and relaxes your dream edition moves ahead on schedule with the unbeatable quality. It's a piece of cake. It's as easy as fall off a log. So gives strictly additions are called a day at nine five four seven nine one eighty one hundred. That's nine five four seven nine one eighty one hundred. Check out the rat in the out pages. If you like their license and insurance professionals who do sensation or work nine five four seven nine nine nine nine nine nine nine. Four seven nine one eighty one hundred and be sure to tell me that pity money and fat old meal told you to call my life and local. This is for 305 50. You way. At the honey tune. Yeah. Oh, Oh, It's great. I've got a lot of I'm a goddess. We're finishing a thing. Oh, who's? Now is proper now. I'm a body. They're coming out of my neck. And that's great. Oh, I'll be the mother that's comfortable with that. But we're the best of all. We've got this way. And that's what's wrong with the burning roar. Hey, Oh, who's? We're about 40. We're making this way. It's not about all the losers in trouble. Who's? Who's? Feel like a ghost in time. Yeah. You do learn and screw in in my home. I've got a place for a leg of fire. Yeah. I don't feel like a ghost. Yeah. And I feel just like a ghost. For burning roar. Hey, oh, we've got this truck and truck up there. Oh, we've got this truck and truck up there. And we've got this truck and truck up there. Oh, I've got a ring. I've got a ring. Oh, I've got a ring. Oh, of course, we just covered out a window here today. Remember that thanks we had about the hemorrhage of the thing you'd like. Very good thing. Which I've been trying to figure for years. You always laugh to be their verticals veins in your back. The ass is what hemorrhage are. Why? Anyway, here's this article by Molly Ivins that I've heard's a factor. Factomy yesterday was in the hero. And it's good enough to read. I think every day. She says, excuse me. I don't want to be tacky with anything. But hasn't occurred to anyone in Washington that sent a vice president. Dick Cheney out to champion invasion of Iraq on the grounds that Saddam Hussein as a murderers dictator is somewhere between bad taste and feigning hypocrisy. When Cheney was CEO of the oilfield supply firm Haliburton, the company did $23.8 million in business with Hussein, the evil doer, prepared to share his weapons of mass destruction with terrorists. So if Hussein is the world's worst leader, how come Cheney sold him the equipment? It is the lapidated oilfields up and running so we could afford to build weapons of mass destruction. In 1998, the UN passed a resolution allowing Iraq to buy spare parts for its oilfields, but other sanctions remained in place in the U.S. as consistently pressure the UN to stop exports of medicine and other needed supplies in the grounds that they could have dual use. As the former Secretary of Defense and a President Bush the elder, Cheney was in a particularly vulnerable position on the hypocrisy of doing business with Iraq. Although in 1991 after the Gulf War, he told a group of oil industry executives that it was infatifiably against trying to topple Hussein. Using two subsidiaries, Dressor Reyn and Ingres Aldressor, Haliburton helped rebuild Hussein's war dam in his doorfields. They combined value of these contracts for parts in Aquimo is greater than that of any other property doing business with Iraq, companies including Schlumberge, Flowsur, Fisher Rose Mount General Electric. They acted through foreign subsidiaries or associated companies in France, Belgium, Germany, India, Switzerland, Bahrain, Egypt and the Netherlands. In several cases, it is clear that the European companies did no more than loan their names to American firms for the purpose of dealing with Hussein. Iraq then became America's second largest Middle Eastern oil supplier. This door was initially reported by the financial times of London more than two years ago and it since been more extensively reported in the European press. But as we've seen with the case of Harkin energy and many other stories, there's a difference between a story having been reported and having attention being paid to it. A distinction many journalists have troubles with. Thus, the administration was able to dismiss the new information on Chady deemings of Harkin as old news because not much attention was ever paid when the old news was new news. When Chady left Haliburton, he received $3,000,000,000 severed severed severed package, despite the fact that the single biggest deal of his five-year career there, the acquisition of Dressor industry turned out to be a huge blunder because the company came settled with his vests as liability. On the campaign trail, Chady often claimed he'd been out in the private sector creating jobs. The first thing he did after the Dressor merger was lay off 10,000 people. Haliburton, America's number one oil services company's Venetian Stifflard's military contractor and the biggest non-union employer in the entire country. It employs more than 100,000 workers worldwide than $15 billion a year. Haliburton, under Chady, dealt with several brewed or dictate or ships including the despicable government of Burma. The company also played questionable roles in Algeria and Golub Bosnia, Croatia, Haiti, Somagia and Indonesia. Haliburton also had dealings with Iran and Libya both on the State Department's listed terrorist states, Haliburton subsidiary Brown and Root. The old Texas construction firm that does much business with US military was fine 3.8 million dollars for re-exporting goods to Libya in violation of US sanctions. If you want to know why the Democrats didn't jump over or this story make a big deal out of it, it's because, as usual, Democrats are involved in similar dealings. Former CIA director John Doich is on the Board of Shombers' A, the second largest oil services for Maftur Haliburton, which is also doing business with a ractor of city areas. Americans have long been aware that corporate money is consistently corrupted domestic policy and favor of corporate interest and that both parties are enthralled a huge corporate campaign donors, we are less accustomed to connecting the dots when it comes to foreign policy. But there is no more evidence that corporations pay attention to anything other than profits and their foreign dealings than they do in their domestic deals. And Ron is usual to provide some technical examples of just how in different human rights American companies can be. Haliburton's dealings in Nigeria and partnership with Shell and Chevron provide just another example including gross human rights violations and environmental abuses. No one is ever going to argue that Hussein is a good guy, but Cheney is not the right man to make the case against him. I've never understood by the Washington Press Corps, can't remember anything for longer than 10 minutes, but hearing Cheney denounce who's saying is truly give us a break time, right? I've been to his knees today, is here. Oh, there you go. L.A. Times says gang member killed two pack. Number old two pack, but I was a long time ago, you know, it's like six years ago. In fact, it six years ago, tomorrow, thinking of a big anniversary, how can we don't have a big thing about two pack like we did on Elvis? I don't know, why not? Maybe we will tomorrow. A Los Angeles Times investigation in the long-unsolved murder of two packs, your current concluded that the killer is killer was a gang member who used a pistol provided by Ravel Rafer, the notorious B.I.G. No arrested in Maiden Chikers, that following this September 7th, 1996 shooting, or the Vegas script, the Times would set it in a few members of these sound side crypts, who would never be forced spoken out about the killing, reported that the fatal shots were fired by a crypt named Orlando Anderson. The big- Oh, whom Chikurin's bodyguard had beaten in a Los Vegas hotel hours before the shooting. The newspaper said B.I.G. had agreed to pay the gang a million dollars to Kilshikur, his rival and a few between East Coast and West Coast rappers. Oh, every time I hear that, it just, it makes me, I don't even want to gag. It makes me laugh. It makes me sick. It makes me think of every ugly stereotype of our black people that anybody's ever heard of in their lives. The 24-year-old B.I.G. whose real name was Christopher Wallace, was shot at a six-month later in Los Angeles, and killing that also arranged unsolved. Anderson, 21 of Compton, was killed in 1998 in the unreliable gang shooting. Anderson and Wallace had both denied vomit and Chikurin's murder. Las Vegas police interviewed Anderson Wusp, but so they couldn't build a case against it, because witnesses in Chikurin's auto-rage weren't cooperating. A police spokesman did not immediately return to call for combat yesterday. He's with Greg. He's not returning calls. Chikurin was riding in a car with Death Row Records co-founder Mary and Surge night after attending a mic Tyson fight when another car pulled alongside and somebody inside opened fire. According to the Times Reconstruction of the killing based on police affidavits court records, interviews with witnesses and investigators, the Crips approached Wallace and hopes of making money from the killing after they had already decided to carry it out to avenge the beating. Laws since Chikurin once closed friends have been feuding for more than a year, and it has changed insults in recordings of concerts and award shows. According to the Times, Chikurin is on a large head jumpstand, or send a revenge in earlier beating, a one-shikurin's bodyguard that is shopping mall. The assault was captured on a hotel security camp. They hit us, we hit him back. Anderson declined to file a complaint instead of the Times City telephone other crypts and set up a meeting at a hotel room where they decided to kill Chikurin that night. The game then set up a meeting with BIG who was in town as for a million dollars, according to people who said they were present. The newspaper said BIG agreed on the condition as a 40 caliber pistol he was carrying the used in the killing. He wanted the satisfaction knowing his own gun fired the fatal bullets. The Times said, the shooting rumors of Archie Kruz killing continues spread among hip hop fans. Some even contend that he faked his own death to escape the person's fame and troubles with the law. Just like Elvis, faked his own death. Three days before his own murder on March 9, 1997, lost his custody of Chikurin, and in the interview with a San Francisco radio station, asked whether he had a role in Chikurin's death wall, he wasn't that powerful. And I guess he is now either, because he still did. There you go, the East Coast rapper rappers against the West Coast rappers. I'm telling you, it just sends me. It just sends me right to the magic bull. Sources say bagged head may be years for making a device as CNN. U.S. sources would knowledge of Iraq's military capability said there are unaware of new information about the Baghdad government's efforts to develop nuclear weapons, but added that U.S. intelligence may be reassessing that threat. President Bush headed Wednesday that the urgency behind recent calls for a regime change in Iraq are based on signs that Iraqi leader Sanam Hussein is not made good on promises to disarm and this is our weapons of mass destruction, our surence is dating back to the end of the Persian Gulf war, and George President Bush won. Bush summoned Tom Lomiky to the White House when they told him he would seek approval from Congress at the appropriate time on what to do about Saddam. The Bush administration's acute dear raccadeter, Romancing Reference of Mass Disprocden, violation of UN Resolution Denning the Gulf war, sources said they would not rule out the possibility that the White House may ask for a new assessment of any Iraqi nuclear threat. The latest assessment from the CIA is believed to be the freshest analysis of Iraq's military resources. Initially distributed to the White House and members of Congress and released public in January, the report refers to several weapon systems and equipment considered threat, including Iraqi drones or pilotless planes that could be used to deliver biological or chemical agents. The CIA described them as refurbished trainer aircraft that are believed to have been modified for delivery of chemical or more likely biological warfare agents, but U.S. officials in January said that the drones would not be especially effective because of problems delivering such agents. One source suggested to Tom is kidding himself if the expects to kill large numbers of people using planes, those planes for a chemical or a biological warfare. Let me say again the headlines says sources say Baghdad may be years for making a device. What were in a hurry and you want to hear another story that proved that we're in a hurry? Okay, good. It's from CBS News. Pans for Iraq attack began on 9.11. CBS News has learned that barely five hours after American Airlines Flight 77 taught in the Pentagon, the Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld was telling his aids to come up with plans for striking Iraq, even though there was no evidence linking Saddam Hussein to be attacked. That's according to notes taken by AIDS who were with Rumsfeld and the National Military Command Center on 9.11. Notes that you're exactly where the road toward war with Iraq began reports CBS News National Security Corps's Spongebobin, Martin. 9.53 AM, a 9.11 last year, just 15 minutes after the hijack plane hit the Pentagon, and while Rumsfeld was still outside helping with the injured, the National Security Agency, which monitors communications worldwide, intercepted a phone call from one of Osama Bin Laden's operatives in Afghanistan to a phone number in the former Soviet Republic of Georgia. The caller said he had heard good news, and that another target was still to come, indicating to another airline of the woman eventually crashed in Pennsylvania, was at their very moment zeroing in on Washington. It was 12.05 PM in the director of Central Intelligence told Rumsfeld about the intercepted conversation. Rumsfeld was vague that it might not mean something that there was no good basis for hanging hat. In other words, the evidence wasn't clear cut enough to justify military action against Bin Laden. But later that afternoon, the CIA reported the past year manifest for the hijack airliner show three to the hijackers were suspected al-Qaeda operatives. One guy's associated with coal bomber the notes say reference to the October 2000 suicide vote attack on the US as coal in Yemen, which had also been the work of Bin Laden. When the intelligence all pointing toward Bin Laden, Rumsfeld ordered the military to be working on strike plans, and at 240 PM, the notes quoted Rumsfeld as saying he wanted the best info fast. Judge whether good enough hit SH, meaning Saddam Hussein at the same time, not only UBL, meaning with some of Bin Laden. Now nearly a year later, there's still a little evidence Iraq was involved in 9.11 attacks, but if these notes are accurate, they didn't matter to Rumsfeld. Coal masses, the notes quoted, as saying, sweep it all up, things related and not related. Not that he's a mad man, but we just mentioned that in past. I'm 56 at 5.60 WQMD, Lights of West Boca, Speak in the Losing, Waits, Speak in a FAST, Speak in a unhealthy people. The lights is the only store that I know if that's devoted entirely. To helping you lose your weight with low carbohydrate and no carbohydrate food. It's your official Actions retail center. And they won't remind you that all Actions brand products are 25% off at Delight's today, and tomorrow and next sockets and every day. Delight's carries the complete line of Actions diet product as well as over 500, the delicious low-carbon sugar fee foods. As reported recently in the New York Times CNN, Dateline NBC CBS News, Time News, WQS News and World Report, the Actions diet continues to be one of the most popular and successful diets. Low carb dieting finally has received the respect of deserve and he likes the West Boca's binne leader in low carb, sugar free dieting for years and years now. Over 100,000 of their customers will testify there's no better store, there's no real competition, and Delight's will not be undersold. Don't forget when you go in it, Delight's you can sample a little of this a little bit before you buy it to. Delight's friendly and eligible staff will walk you through the store porch in the right direction, and cheer you on as you turn it like a slim living in breathing human being. Don't forget there's only one Delight's of West Boca open seven days a week till 10 PM and you can find them on the Northeast corner of Glage Road in 441 in Boca. Call 1-877 low carb or check them out on the web if you like at low carb. Don't forget that's Delight's of West Boca. Your official Actions diet retail center. Delight's of West Boca. Delight's of West Boca. Delight's of West Boca. Okay. Rainbow flag, man, earrings in my right hand. Am I queer? People stop and smell when we are near. Formal fear, where does living live? The way we want to. It's come on Jay and that is all. Where people say those nasty things they do. If you come on Jay and that is all. It's just something they can't approve. When this dream is dressed up all in drag. It's so sad. There's one that make a little better. Also bad. Where just living life. The way we want to. It's come on Jay and that is all. If what they say those nasty things they do. It's come on Jay and that is all. But it could be so hard inside you. It's so hard inside you. It's so cool. Welcome. 10, 15, 50, WCM happy. Happy Jewish New Year. Why do I keep saying that? I don't celebrate these holidays. I'm happy to see you. Happy New Year. This is from scoop.com. The article is written by Norm Dixon. You would check out articles on scoop. It's a lot of great websites out there. This is long. It's eight pages. Eight long. It's interesting. The US arm sedan was seen with chemical weapons. On August 18, the New York Times carried a front page story. The US made it a wrecked as a use of gas. Quoting anonymous US senior military officers. The US president of the US president of Robert Reagan. Critical battle planning assistance. The American intelligence knew that Iraqi commanders would employ chemical weapons in Waging with a size of battles of the Iran Iraq war. The story made a brief splash in the international media. While the August 18 the York Times article added news and tells about the U.S. military collaboration with Iraqi dictators that I'm Hussein during Iraq's 1980-88 war with Iran, it omitted the most outrageous aspect of the scandal. Not only did Washington turn a blind eye to the Hussein regime's repeated use of chemical weapons against Iranian soldiers and Iraq's Kurdish minorities, but the US helped Iraq develop its chemical, biological and nuclear weapons programs. Norded in the York Times were on the extremist cynicism and hypocrisy of the current US administration citing of those same terrible atrocities, which were disregarded at the time by Washington, and those same weapons programs which no longer exist, having been dismantled and destroyed in the decade following the 1991 Gulf War, could justify a massive newer against the people of Iraq, which Iraq can just interject. Sounds awfully familiar just like our coziness with a Taliban. Up until the year ago. A reader of the New York Times article are the tens of thousands of other articles written after the latest war drive against Iraq began in earnest soon after 9.11. Would have looked in vain for the fact that many of the US politicians and ruling class punits demanding war against who's saying today, in particular, the most velocose of the Bush administration's hawks, defense secretary Donald Rumsfeld, were up to their ears and Washington's efforts to cultivate promote an excuse who's saying in the past. The New York Times article read is the Washington's casual disregard about the use of chemical weapons by who's saying's dictatorship throughout the 1980s and never been reported before. However, was not the first time that Iraq gate as the scandal of US military and political support who was saying the 80s had been dubbed, has raised its embarrassing head in the corporate media only to be quickly buried again. One of the more comprehensive and damning a conserver rack gate was written by Douglas France and Murray Wawes and published in February 23, 1992, LA Times headline, Bush Secret Effort helped Iraq build its war machine. The article reported that classified documents obtained by the LA Times show, along secret pattern, a personal efforts by George Bush Sr., both as president and vice-president, to support and playkate the Iraqi dictator. Even with your misadvired the right way in war-mongering New York Times columnist, on December 7, 1992, fell compelled to write that, Iraqi is uniquely horrendous. A scandal about the systematic abuse of power by misguided leaders of three democratic nations, the US, Britain and Italy, to secretly finance the arms build up a predictator. The background of Iraqi was the January 1979 popular uprising that over-through the Kravilee Pro-US Shah of Iran. Iranian Revolution threatened US imperialism's domination of the strategic oil rich region. Other than Israel, Iran had long been Washington's key ally in the Middle East. Washington immediately began to cast a vow for ways to undermine or overthrow the Iranian Revolution, or make up for the loss of the Shah, who sains regime put up a tanned. On September 22, 1980, Iraq launched an invasion of Iran throughout the bloody eight-year long war which cost at least a million lives, Washington backed Iraq. As an 1990 report prepared for the Pentagon by the strategic studies instituted the US War College admitted, throughout the Iranian-Rach war, the United States practiced a fairly benign policy toward Iraq. Washington and Baghdad wanted to restore the status quo anti, that prevailed before the 1979 Iranian Revolution began threatening the regional balance of power. Kominis Revolutionary Appeal was an athlete of both Baghdad and Washington, hence they wanted to get rid of him. United by a common interest, the US began to actively assist Iraq. As first as Iraqi forces seemed headed for victory over Iran, US official policy was neutrality in the conflict. Not only was it saying to Washington's dirty work in the war with the Iran, but the US rulers believed that Iraq could be lured away from its close economic and military relationship with the Soviet Union, just as Egypt presidents had done in the 70s. In March of 81, US Secretary of State Alexander Hague, I'm in charge here Hague, excitedly told the Senate Foreign Relations Committee that Iraq was concerned by the behavior of Soviet imperialism in the Middle East region. The Soviet government had refused to deliver arms to Iraq as long as Baghdad continued its military offensive against Iran. Moscow was also unhappy with his saying, vicious repression of the Iraqi Communist Party. Washington's support in actively referred to as a tilt at the time for Iraq, became more open after Iran succeeded in driving Iraqi forces from its territory in May of 1982. In June, Iraq went on the offensive against Iraq. The US scrambled as former military setbacks, Washington that's conservative air-bound lie suddenly feared Iran might even defeat Iraq or at least cause the collapse of Hussein's regime. Using its allies in the Middle East, Washington funneled huge supplies of arms to Iraq, classified state department cables uncovered by, uh, was discovered covert transfers of how-a-sures helicopters, bombs, and other weapons to Baghdad in 1983 from Egypt, Saudi Arabia, Jordan and Kuwait. Howard Taisyur, who monitored Middle East policy at the US National Security Council, during the Reagan administration, told the February 23, 19 and 92 LA times, there was a conscious effort to encourage third countries to ship US arms, Iraq reassens shipments after the fact it was a policy of nods and wings. According to Mark Pithian's 1997 book, Arming Iraq, how the US in Britain's security saw secretly built Sodom's war machine, northeast university press in 1983 as Italy's Prime Minister Julew Andriyadi, channel arms to Iraq. The January 1, 1984 Washington Post reported that the US had informed friendly Persian Gulf nations that the defeat of Iraq and the three-year war of the Iran would be contrary to US interests and has made several moves to prevent that result. Central to these moves was the cementing of a military and political alliance with Sodom Hussein's repressive regime so as to build up Iraq as a military counterweight to Iran. In 1982, the Reagan administration removed Iraq from the State Department's list of countries that allegedly supported terrorism. On December 19th in 1883, Reagan dispatched his Middle East on-voin on Othin Donald Rumsfeld to Baghdad, where the head written offer of a resumption of diplomatic relations which have been severed during the 1967 Arab Israel War. On March 24, 1984 Rumsfeld was again in Baghdad. On that same day, the U.P.I. Wireservous reported from the U.N. mustard gas, placed with an urn, as been used on Iranian soldiers, a team of UN experts is concluded. Meanwhile, in the Iraqi capital of Baghdad, US presidential envoy Donald Rumsfeld held talks with former Minister of Terrorist Aziz. The day before Iran had accused Iraq appoisoning 600 of its soldiers with mustard gas and tabo nerve gas. There is no doubt that the US government knew Iraq was using chemical weapons. On March 5, 1984, the State Department stated that the available evidence indicates that Iraq has used lethal chemical weapons. The March 30, 1984 New York Times reported that US intelligence officials had, with data believe in controversial evidence that Iraq has used nerve gas in its war with Iran, and has almost finished extensive sites for mass producing the lethal chemical warfare agent. However, consistent with the patterns throughout the Iran Iraq War and after, the use of these internationally outlawed weapons was not considered important enough by Rumsfeld and his political superiors to hold Washington's blossoming love affair with Hussein. The March 29, 1984 New York Times reported on the aftermath of Rumsfeld's talks in Baghdad, stated that the US officials had pronounced themselves satisfied with relations between Iraq and the US and suggested normal diplomatic ties of an restored and all-but-name. In November 1984, the US and Iraq official restored diplomatic relations. According to the Washington Post-Urenless Bob Woodward, in a December 15, 1986 article, the CIA began a secretly supplier back with intelligence in 1984 that was used to calibrate mustard gas attacks on Iranian troops. Beginning in early 1985, the CIA provided Iraq with data from sensitive US satellite reconnaissance photography to assist Iraqi bombing raids. Iraqi chemical attacks on Iranian troops and US assistance to Iraq continued throughout the Iran Iraq War. In a parallel program, the US defense department also provided intelligence and battle planning assistance to Iraq. I'm going to stop there and do the break. Okay. It's long. I think it's worthwhile. Yes. 10 minutes after 10 at 5.60, WQM, where we're always a real gas. Hug your 18 votes under pull to the Iranians.com. What do you think is going to happen this year on 9.11? Nothing unusual 72. I have no idea, 41. And another terrorist attack. Oi! Five. You've heard me talk about becoming a high-paid computer-professional many, many, many times, like probably a trillion times, at least. You've heard me talk about the large number of jobs out there in this great new industry that are waiting for you. The question is how do you find yourself a great school that'll help you accomplish this and get in this field, start making some serious cash. There's only one school that's got four convenient locations all over-date and Brown, including that's Biffy brand new and Kindle. There's only one school that's got sugar-house certified Microsoft instructors. Convenient day evening and weekend classes for you too. There's one school that's got full time placement department over 30 years experience. And with a school you can complete your program and get certified in just four short months. This is real hands-on training we're talking about at fast train. That's right. Good off your butt pickup the phone and call fast train today. Good out of your dead end job and start finding yourself a real money-making job in a real life. Call fast train today, tell them that old meal will turn into call 1-866 fast train or check them out on the web if you're like at fasttrained.com. You know, just in case my close-bought head at friend time jik is listening, you know, I had a choose between reading some of these articles today or giving the TV cooking show schedule. And I thought long and hard it was a tough call. I flipped the coin and it just turned out it just came out this way. Anyway, it took an app where I left off this article again. You can find it on www.scooped.com by Norm Dixon, how the US arm sedan who's saying with chemical weapons. The August 17th, 2002 New York Times reported that according to the senior military officers with the recognized of the program, even though senior officials of the regular administration publicly condemned Iraq's employment of mustard gas, sir and VX and other poisonous agents, president Reagan, vice president George Bush senior and senior national security aids never withdrew their support for the highly classified program in which more than 60 officers of the Defense Intelligence Agency were secretly providing detailed information on Iranian deployments, tactical planning for battles, plans for air strikes and bomb damage assessments for Iraq. Retired DIA officer Rick Frank Kona told New York Times that Iraq's chemical weapons were used in the worst final battle in early 1988 in which Iraqi forces took the fall of peninsula from the Iranian army. Another retired DIA officer Walter Lang told the Times that the use of gas on the battlefield by the Iraqis was not a matter of deep strategic concern. What concern the DIA, the CIA and the regular administration, was that Iran not break through the foul peninsula and spread the Islamic Revolution to Kuwait and Saudi Arabia. Iraq's 1982 removal from Washington's official list of states that support terrorism meant that the Hussein regime was now eligible for U.S. economic and military aid and was able to purchase advanced U.S. technology that could also be used for military purposes. Conventional military sales resumed in December of 82 and 1983, the Reagan administration approved the sale of 60 Hues helicopters to Iraq in 1983 for civilian use. However, it's pity-in pointed out that these aircraft could be weaponized within hours of delivery. Then U.S. Secretary of State George Schultz and Commerce Secretary George Bulbridge also lobbied for delivery of Bell helicopter's equipped for crop spring. It's believed that U.S. supply choppers were used in the 1988 chemical attack on the Kurdish village of Hologia which killed 5,000 people. With the Reagan administration's canive, and spagged that immediately embarked on a massive militarization drive. This U.S. endorsed military spending spree began even before Iraq was de-listed as a terrorist state when the U.S. Commerce Department approved the sale of attack in gas turbine engines for Iraq's naval frigates. Soon after the U.S. agriculture departments commodity credit corporation guaranteed to be pay loans in the event of default by Baghdad, thanks had made to Iraq to buy U.S. growing commodity such as Wheaton Rice. Under this scheme Iraq had three years to repay the loans and if it could not, U.S. taxpayers will have to cop up the cash. Washington offered this aid initially to prevent U.S. over throw by the Iraqi people as they began to complain about the food shortage caused by the massive diversion of heart currency for the purchase of weapons and ammunition. The loan guarantees amounted to a massive U.S. subsidy that allowed U.S. to launch his overt and covert arms build up, one result being that the Irani-Rack war ended a bloody five-year stalemate. By the end of 1983, $422 million in agriculture department loan guarantees for Iraq were approved. In 1984, this increased to 500 treatment in every 1.1 billion in 1988. Between 1983 and 1990, CCC loan guarantees freed up more than $5 billion, some $2 billion in bad loans plus interest ended up having to be covered by the U.S. taxpayers. A similar taxpayer funded those smaller scale scam operated another of the auspices of the federal export import bank. In 1984, Vice President George Bush Sr. personally interviewed to ensure that the bank guarantee loans to Iraq a $500 million to build an oil pipeline. Export import bank loan guarantees grew from 35 million in 1985 to 1967 and by 1990. According to William Blom writing in the August 1998 issue of the progressive, Sam Gedgenson, Chair of Personal and Congressional Subcommittee Investigating U.S. exports to Iraq, disclosed that from 1985 to 1990, the U.S. government approved 771 licenses only 39 were rejected for the export to Iraq of $1.5 billion worth of biological agents in high-tech equipment with military application. The U.S. spent virtually in a entire decade making sure that Saddam Hussein had almost whatever he wanted. U.S. export control policy was directed by U.S. foreign policy, as formulated by the State Department and was U.S. foreign policy to assist the regime of Saddam Hussein. A 1994 U.S. Senate report revealed that U.S. companies were licensed by the commercial Department to export a which is a bruh of biological and chemical materials including basilis and tracas which causes anthrax and clostidium, how you say that? Tustridium, fachoolinism, whatever it is, the U.S. of vachoolism. Okay, let me try it again. Tustridium, fachoolinism. Very good. The source of vachoolism. Got it? American Tatskaw culture collection made 70 shipends of the anthrax bug and other pathogenic agents. The report also noted that U.S. exports to Iraq include the precursors to chemical warfare regions, plans for chemical and biological warfare facilities, and chemical warhead filling equipment. U.S. firms supplied advanced and specialized computers, lasers, testing and analyzing equipment. Among the better known companies were, he would have tackered, unices, state of general, and honeywell. Get the honeywell, Junior. Fittions of dollars worth raw materials, machine re-and equipment, missile technology, another dual-use items also were supplied by West Germany, French, Italian, British, Swiss and Austrian corporations with the approval of their governments. German firms even sold Iraq and tariff factories capable of mass producing poison gas. And if anybody should know how to mass produce poison gas, it's the good old trimmons. Much of this was produced with funds freed by the U.S. T.C. credits. The destination to much of this equipment was saw at 16 near Mosul and Northern Iraq. Worse than intelligence agencies had long known that these sprawling complex was Iraq's main ballistic missile development center. The lumber port of that Washington was fully aware of the likelihood of this material. In 1982, a U.S. Senate committee learned that the Commerce Department and deleted references to military and use from information at Santa Combers about 68 export licenses worth more than a billion dollars. In 1986, U.S. Defense Department's Deputy Nander Secretary for Trade Security Steve Ryan had objected the export of an advanced computer similar to those used in the U.S. missile program to sod 16 because of the high likelihood of military and use. The state and Commerce Department have proved to sail without conditions anyway. In his book, the death lobby, how the West Armed Iraq, Kenneth Timmerman points out that several U.S. agencies were supposed to review U.S. exports that may be detrimental to U.S. national security. However, the Commerce Department often did not have to have been exports through Sanger Mac for review or approved them despite objections from other government departments. On March 16, 1988, Iraqi forces launched a poison gas attack on the Iraqi-criticalist village of Halagjah killing 5,000 people. While that attack is today being touted by senior U.S. officials as one of the main reasons why Hussein must now be taken out. At the time, Washington's response to the atrocity was much more relaxed. Just four months later, Washington's to advise the U.S. giant Bechel Corporation on the contract to build a huge petrochemical plant that will give the Hussein regime the capacity to generate chemical weapons. On September 8, 1988, the U.S. sent a pass to the Prevention of Genocide Act, which would have imposed sanctions on the Hussein regime immediately. The Reagan administration announced its opposite in the bill calling it premature. The White House used its influence to stall the bill in the House of Representatives when Congress did eventually pass the bill the White House did not implement it. Washington's political military and economic sweetheart deals with the Iraqi dictator came even under Morse Res when an August 1989 FBI agent's rated the Atlanta branch of Rome-based Bacconatsionali Delavor, OBL and uncovered massive fraud involving the CCC loan guarantee scheme and billions of dollars worth upon authorized off the books loans to Iraq. BBL Atlanta manager Chris Drugal had used the CCC program to underwrite programs that had nothing to do with agricultural exports. Using this cover set up, who sains regime tried to buy the most hard to get components for its nuclear weapons and missile programs on the black market. Ross Baker writing in the March April 1993 Columbia Journalism Review noted, elements of the U.S. government almost certainly knew that Drugal was funneling U.S. back loans into dual-use technology and outright military technology. The British government was fully aware of the operations of Matrix Churchill, a British firm with an Ohio branch, which was not only at the center of the Iraqi procurement network, but was also funded by BBL Atlanta. It would be later alleged by backing executives that the attack and government along a close U.S. allies, as well as BNL's ultimate owner, had knowledge of BNL's loan diversions. Yet even as the public outrage generated by the HALBJumassicor and the Witing BNL scandal did not cool Washington's order toward Hussein's Iraq. On October 2, 1989, U.S. President George Bush Sr. signed the top-secret national security decision 26 which declared, normal relations between the U.S. and Iraq would serve our long-term interest in promotes stability in both the Gulf and the Middle East. The U.S. should propose economic and political incentives for Iraq to moderate its behavior and increase our influence with Iraq. We should pursue and seek to facilitate opportunities for U.S. firms to participate in the reconstruction of the Iraqi economy. As public and congressional pressure mounted on the U.S. agriculture department to when Iraq's access to CCC loan guarantees, Secretary of State James Baker armed within S.D. 26 personally insisted that agriculture secretary Clayton Euter drop his opposition to their continuation. In November 1989, Bush Sr. approved a billion dollars in loan guarantees for Iraq in 1990. In April 1990, more revelations about the BNL scandal had again pushed the Department of Agriculture to the verge of halting Iraq's CCC loan guarantees. On May 18, National Security Adviser Scopecroft personally intervened to ensure delivery of the first $500 million part of the CCC's sum of the U.S. for 1990. According to France and WASIS February 23, 1992 LA Times article, in July 1990 officials at the National Security Council in the State Department were pushing to deliver the second installment of the $1 billion loan guarantees despite the looming crisis in the region and evidence that Iraq had used the 80 legally to help finance the secret arms procurement network to obtain technology for nuclear weapons and ballistic missile program. From July 18 to August 1, 1990, Bush's senior administration approved $4.8 million in advance technology sales to Iraq. The end users included on 16 and the Iraqi Ministry of Industry and Military Industrialization. On August 1, $695,000 worth of advanced data transmission devices were approved. Only on August 2, 1990, did the Agriculture Department officially suspend the CCC loan guarantees to Iraq the same day that Hussein's tanks and troops swept into Kuwait. That's it. Yeah, nothing. What's it up to make me do? Get on the ground and puke. Go to my goddamn window here and just puke right over the goddamn balcony. That's what I would like to do. And you know, you can go on a year and like I have about the thing with the Taliban and we give them $43 million a year ago and make let's say May to June July or less than four months before they attacked us here on our soil. What was a $43 million box? Right. And then of course in that article we had the other day come to find out it was to sweeten the pot. Had nothing to do with the not growing the poppies it was to sweeten the pot for the world pipeline deal. Were we concerned about the the oppression of women? Oh, about the length of men's beard? Oh, about the brutal the Taliban regime. Oh, first, we didn't give a crap about that. They were going to hand them to the stock of after they attacked us. Then all of a sudden we got all these propaganda shows on TV about the women with the burcas and the oppression of the guy being people and they can't listen to music and pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop. Oh, you know, sometimes I think that our government is just full of crap, you know, and the fact most of the time is that on American to say that especially just days before 9-11? No, I don't think so. Man would got arrested at Hartfield. A man was arrested yesterday. He attempted to pass his security checkpoint with a gun and Hartfield International Airport in Atlanta authorities be sent. Man was on his way to pick up his mother and said that he forgot he was carrying the gun according to Poli The man was arrested at 830 yesterday morning with charges of carrying concealed weapon taken to the Clayton County jail said you'll land a clerk in airport spokeswoman. The airport was not sure down a flightman out of the truck. Oh, and here's a good one. Germany, you know those poison gas exports? Yes, of course. Germany next is Osama Baby name. German authorities have denied a Turkish couple's request to name their newborn son Osama bin Laden, they court spokesman said yesterday. German laws make it illegal for parents to give their children to the name that might dishonor them or harm their dignity. Oh, gee, if that were the case, can you imagine this country if we had a law like that? Oh, please. Boy, we have a whole lot of unnamed black babies. That could be the case with this name Bridget Nippman, a spokesman for the Evisby court and Colone said to the Pernsworth's to name the boy for the alleged mastermind of 9-11 attacks. Boy, do I love Colone? City registrar has rejected the name and said and the parents of the child who was born in July took their case to the district court if it's rejected there they can still appeal. German law allows four names if they're accepted in the family's home country but this one couldn't be registered in Turkey either neat months said authorities did not identify the couple or provide other details. The rumor I'm hearing those that they're considering two other names here on gering or john ask croft 10 27 at 5.50 W. K. Wey. And hey, here's a great place to take the whole gang this weekend, okay? And that's the animal coast. You can go there and just pick out or if you're like a normal eating person, you know, who not not a real pig if you don't want to just stuck your gullet you can still do that too because everything is delicious and they've got and dozens and dozens of things for you to choose from six different kinds of soups all kinds of mouthwatering, on-phrase, oriental and otherwise they've got surf and turf on a weekend with lasking king crab and New York strip steak made order at their gourmet center which is a sizzling Asian grilled teriyaki steak shrimp chicken seafood handcar apartment if you never been there before you'll just be amazed when you walk in your jaw will drop to your knee because there's so much fresh delicious beautiful step animal coast of the face also got a full salad bar sushi fresh room cocktail and if you have any room left at the end which will be a miracle try and save a little bit of room in there just to open up your pants another notch they got pies and cakes pastries ice cream with all your favorite toppings fresh fruit they even be having watermelon always on a menu at the animal coast chinese buffet three locations for you now sunrise pine island a 44th street columns have a new you'll find them just north of 163 north Miami Beach and it flamingo on temper grows and prestigious temper pines animal coast except reservations take on delivery available as well call nine five four five seven two thirty eight twenty two nine five four five seven two thirty eight twenty two don't forget on the weekends like right now surfing turf animal coast a great place to take a whole game this weekend for gigantic feast we're sports radio five six any du Things just right go to work, this guy is really a jerk who's saying Watch the chest right at the sky, roll on a counter to get a saying When you feel your day, remember who you should say, who's saying Need to fly, why does crap all the man who's saying For a while in the sky, and then again, it's a down same Took your show on the road, got it everybody to you who's saying Now he's getting news for causing everyone's rules to say Bigger than a nature, it'll be like the clock A to say Need to fly, why does crap all the man who's saying Need to fly, why does crap all the man who's saying Need to fly, why does crap all the man who's saying Need to fly, why does crap all the man who's saying 1033 at 5.60 WC, isn't interesting, how we helped to build a show on Army 2 with you, Listed funds, but we'll talk to Ali North about that little later on Hey, here's another, this isn't nearly as long, it's only a couple pages, but this is from the news insider I'm talking to that's a great website man news insider.com Is not what it on us on it, it's not an ejb Oh, not net, right And anyway, God exists and God is a corporation rights John Stanton and Wade Madden This article is written July 10 The evidence is irrefutable, whether through one of his subsidiaries islam Catholicism or Christian evangelical It's clear that God believes in one world under capitalism and demands of his minions a healthy investment portfolio Of stocks and mutual funds and an unquestioning faith in the corporate pervellers of read and corruption God is extravagant and taste paternal in his worldview and relishes the publicity he gets on US currency and in dating Resonals of US pledge of allegiance he's thrilled at the building of police houses of worship around the world of the expense of the hundreds of millions of those who are impoverished And struggle to find food clothing and shelter Is there any doubt that God favors the ruthless they're powerful and wealthy the bushes and bidladins the Murdox and Al-Sahoods and the Rumsfields and Cheneys God has no problem with income disparity in the brutal competition that is capitalism in fact he encourages it He applauded his beloved imbacility West president George both the tooth spoke recently for God when he said that all matters political come from God And that God should have a saying of pointing judges to America's courts, but there's more the president owes God because God help him become a real capitalist by helping him become a millionaire With so many poor so many middle income households struggling to make ends meet can there be any doubt about where God's priorities are Is it any surprise that God has hard at work through his corporations loving the US Congress for more tax breaks manipulating world financial markets changing tax codes everywhere to face the favor as wealthy minions and making sure the corporate executives receive immunity from prosecution And crown financial ministries God's financial principles are taught to practitioners according to crown God suggests that discipline financial management becomes in investing according to the financial advice in the Bible What is this word econometric models here you know that word I do that good it is the blessing of the Lord that makes rich and he adds no sorrow to a Proverbs 1022 when that advice Crown provides religious readers in their Philosophy necessary tools to invest in managed money for easy living and of course turning earnings into donations back to God's bureaucracy God invest to his very subsidiaries making money and everything including hip replacement gear video games soft rings genetic engineering and defense contracting Over at Christian stewardship funds God's investment managers are pretty picky about evil doers who might get their hands and God's money Christians crebs its funds and chants investments and stocks or bonds of companies involved in abortion alcohol gambling pornography and tobacco industries Christian fame that it's the only index mutual fund family with these screens, but wait the Timothy playing was one step beyond the Christian financial offering claims That it's a family of mutual funds offering individuals like yourself a biblical choice when it comes to investing If you're concerned with a moral issues abortion pornography anti-family entertainment non-married same sex lifestyles alcohol tobacco and gambling That are destroying children and families today you have to cut you come to the right place Oddly though one of Timothy's portfolios includes investments in biogen a company that develops drugs through genetic engineering and electronic arts per vears of violent video games Also when the mix is KPMG consulting the firm with many US defense contracts and responsible for the flaky audit of zero ox Business week reports that KPMG is under investigation by the SEC here in the US and is getting hammered in Germany Unapot 24th KPMG Germany was forced to disavow the financial reports of former client comrade a small software a company based near Munich The embarrassing reason unapot 23rd a new auditor found the 97% of cameras reported sales in 2000 came from an honor system company Former con road a CEO Bota a Shnavel is in jail awaiting trial on fraud charges and an attempted damage control KPMG is said it will re-audent all 35 clients Who stops trade on frank for its tech heavy newer market nothing like some good old Christian fraud, but it's the return that counts And matter whether it's taking a thinkering with the genetic code obviously God's not concerned about that anymore, or they linkage to malfeasance that many of tenancies investment Sam in the name of a lot of most gracious the most merciful reads the banner at the Islamic development bank in general Saudi Arabia Founded in 1975 the banks purposes to promote economic development and social progress of member countries and Muslim communities individually as well as jointly and accordance with the principles of Sharia in other words Islamic law the bank helped get the attention of Wall Street in subsequent the 1999 the Dow Jones Islamic market index with those created Which contains roughly 18.066 to a Sharia compliance stocks from 34 countries with a market capitalization of US 11 trillion dollars The footsie Islamic market index contains 660 Sharia compliant companies and includes notable such as Coca-Cola and Microsoft Islamic financial advice like their Christian counterparts of crown are laced with quotes from holy works reminding the investor or borrower The gravity of investing with God or borrowing from God be fearful of a day when you shall be returned to Allah Then everybody shall be paid in full body is earned and they shall not be wrong that Admonishment appears on an Islamic banking site after discussion of finance and borrowing according to the current and the Bible Messing with God's money not getting good return can get went into a lot of trouble and cause problems problems on judgment day. It's kind of like taking out a loan from the mob Like what's your name? Discovered on guiding light what tells you name? Cassie oh of course no one look no one look at God's finances will be complete without the Catholic church The Catholic viders investment trust puts God's money in roughly a hundred blue chip stocks But the money can only be invested after the church majestyium and the trustworthy advisors Reviews the stock to make sure that the companies represented by the stocks and here to God's teachings The board has his members Margaret Hechler a former Congresswoman ambassador in US government Brewercret and two former ambassadors to the holy sea and Rome Investments include defense contractors general electric and ITT L. Co. aluminum American expressed Co. Pepsi and oil and energy conglomerates put up a thousand dollars. You get on the high yields of the Catholic trust In the immortal words of pastures Simon of Chalton Ham UK We see God far from being a first-to-money give the gives power to get well power to get wealth as available with God So what do we need to do we need to remember God and recognize his plan for wealth in the hands of godly men and women? So we're out there and be the best capitalist task master you can and don't forget when you put your soul up for oxen on eBay Drive a hard bargain with God after all he's a capitalist too I love it actually Of course the Catholic church has a few financial problems these days. I think somehow they'll scrape through don't you? I think so. Oh, yeah They'll make do as they say Fly before level what's that schedule look like today? Huh? We got the mad dog at one We got Hank look at this almost an entire show for Hank today almost Well, no, it is no it is not you got Hank from three to five three all by himself and then five thirty to six thirty the Dave wants that show Oh, because we got for serious now the first NFL season get while they dolphin first game on Sunday And then you got Marlins on deck. What can they get that thing over with it? Yeah, or what oh we got away till he ate lose a game when open loses again then we can get the season over Marlins on deck Six thirty the Marlins at the Pirates 705 the night of Biggie Any K in the Bahamas does this show after baseball and ESPN radio overnight I almost said the duty boys, but not tonight. You want to know why? I know why because most not on tomorrow He wants a good lead in baby. It's not helping. No 24 11 at five sixty WQM macro shopping is the dumbest thing you could well one of the dumbest things you can do So don't be stupid be smart like me. Maybe I do a lot of other stupid things like each chocolate yesterday Why did I do that? Because you're not it Because I'm an asshole. That's why because I'm addicted and it starts making my nose sniff a little bit And I know here we go again, but luckily not Anyway, do something smart get you a great new mattress and a super night sleep for years to come by calling the betting experts at dialometres I just I can't imagine why any person is right mind would want to slip all over town Help somebody who departments door pay for their humongous overhead get ripped off and then wind up with an inferior product anyway Get you one of the best macron maybe the best mattress you've ever put your ass on from dialometres to got the best In the world I got surda cili Simmons King coil and the one you're looking for is in stock now for Immediately delivery they can have it there in just a couple of hours any day seven days a week Between like noon and two one and three any two are one of those convenience for you instead of sitting on your ass praying all day long That's somebody might show up and dialometres also gives it unimaginable unbeatable 30 day in home comfort guarantee let you trap the new mattress the right way my sleep and on it and do all kinds of obscene things on it Pick up that phone and call them right now. They'll be knock it on your door damn soon call 1 800 mattress 1 800 m a t t r e extra check them out of the way if you like it Macrist calm You You You In the back you enough whoa I'm just so honored to be here. You know why I played that, don't you? I was going to ask you, where are all the bleeps that were supposed to be in that? We haven't played that with bleeps in a long time. I know. Mean blow, John? I don't think that Boba, thanks to Boba, but we can do what else. We had to blow that. Oh, that's right. What was the word that he was upset about? No, but no. I'm telling him, I'm gonna say, Well, Steve Nichol had a no problem. That's what I'm hearing. That's what the shoes and told me. I'm not here to pad now, probably. But anyway, he took a powder and went up to Jacksonville. The reason I played that is because the disc was in there already with that Who's saying, but I figure why not? There's a lot of stuff on here. I haven't played in the Coolds age. And see, the way the cops could tell is whether he was being Orally raped or not was the, see, the difference is the distinction is If his hands were on the back of her head assisting the up and down motion, I say, see what I'm saying. In other words, if his hands are on the back of her head, then he's guilty too. He's also an offending party. But if his hands are not on the back of her head, then he's being Orally raped. What if he's naked by the ears? Oh, that's even worse. Don't forget speaking of big ears. Oh, it's right. Join Joe Costello tomorrow. Anyway, the bulletin that the breaking news on CNN just moments ago. Good old, uh, homied cars. I yesterday were trying to remember his first name. Well, more him. It is pretty close to homied, isn't it? Well, yeah. Anyway, he ordered a review of recruiting security. I can't imagine why. But anyway, Afghanistan's president, Karzai, escaped in the assassination attempt yesterday by a loan government, wearing the uniform of the new Afghan army. Witnesses reported hearing dozens of shots in that exchange. I left the government and one of the president's bodyguards did. And caught a hard governor. I got sure as a, any West Special Forces soldier, lightly wounded. A news photograph of the scene showed three bodies in the ground after the clash. Speaking to reporters about the failed assassination attempt, Afghan Foreign Minister Dr. Abdullah. Oh, that's one of our, he's one of our favorites. Remember him? Yes. Said that Karzai was leaving the governor's house when a uniformed arm person appeared in front of their car and opened fire. Far, far, far, far, far, far, far, far. He was intended to attend the wedding, but younger brother was wish to save the after the shooting. And today is ordering a review of recruiting security. He says no doubt that was a Taliban al-Qaeda or both of the above is what's doing the shooting. I thought we did a good job of cleaning them all out, didn't we? Oh, yeah, it's all over with, isn't it? No. All poor Martha is speaking of it all over. But just when we think that maybe she's getting one to out of the woods and out of the kitchen, another story of the panel finds call from Stewart to Waxel. In fact, the New York Daily News today has got a splashed on the front page with a astonished picture of her post. You got to see her post. In fact, if you were to do something similar, just look on the wall behind you there. We were just admiring that. This story, though, is not from the Daily News, which was, I mean, just psychotic. This is from a Washington Post. Congressional investigators said yesterday they have evidence of a five-minute phone call from Martha Stewart to Im-Cone Systems Inc. Executive Director Samuel Waxel on December 31st during a period when Waxel has maintained a two-dance speak. Uh-oh. Aish folksman for the House Energy and Commerce Committee, Ken Johnson, said the panel would decide by two day whether the subpoena Stewart was refused to talk to Congress about allegations of insider training or concluded investigation by forwarding a report to the Justice Department. The evidence of a December 31st phone call appears to shed little light on whether Stewart had inside information from her friend Waxel or from others when she sold her shares in Waxel's company December 27. That was one day before bad news about him, com became public and it's share price plunged. Johnson said the phone call made from a redded cell telephone monster was vacationing in Mexico was troubling. According to Johnson, Waxel said he didn't speak this through at any time between a party she threw December 14 and a January fifth party in Panama. She's a part-age girl, baby. Records show that Stewart tried to reach Waxel on December 27, just before selling her shares in the his company, Reloars have denied that he returned that call. They never revealed that she might have succeeded in reaching him December 31st, Johnson said. Investigate is working for representative W.J. Billy Tousin and James C. Greenwood learned of the five-minute phone call by examining records from a company in Mexico that read it to phone to Stewart's entourage Johnson be saying. While the call shed little light on potential inside her training because of its timing, it points through a larger pattern by Stewart of not being forced right with Congress, Johnson said. If it was an innocent phone call, why not just tie and not only that, but if she got enough of a high-wide energy money going and test to five-minute Congress, shut up. Bitch, kind of why hate her. In fact, that'd be a good one. You hate her worse than Oprah. Oh, I do. Ooh, tough one. I take it back. Oprah Rosie or Martha Stewart. Don't let me forget that call next week. Huh? That's a tough call. Next week will do a full. Efforts to reach his spokesman and alert for his two runs successful last night. Stewart has defied the 9 trading on inside information. Scott Tagley or Renoay spokesman for Waxel said, we don't have any comment. Waxel resigned is it my way to all this stuff. So, it just keeps getting deeper and deeper and more lies etc. Oh, speaking of that. What a great segue. X-Day to facial alarm so accused of misusing funds out on bail. Well, that's good. Former date commissioner Miriam Alonso bonnet out of jail. Yesterday, they after her arrest on new felony charges, accusing her of misusing political donations intended to help her fight a weak call campaign. Don't you feel better now? Much. Alonso 61 was held overnight at the women's detention center in Miami. She was released yesterday after her attorney, Jose Kinyon, convinced they dates her contract to be used her bond from 250 grand to 75,000. Yesterday morning, the once powerful commissioner appeared in court with other criminal defendants, she was handcuffed and wore a red jail issues jumpsuit. How much he looked lovely? Actually, well, orange. It says here, red. Well, I saw it look pretty orange to me. Well, this isn't the guy they're inherited by Luis E. I mean, yeah, I don't know. I don't know. By some bitch. Alonso's husband, Leonol, 70, was also arrested in charge also by the obvious. Today, thank goodness for that. He was briefly hospitalized at Baptist Health Hospital in Wednesday morning after complaining of chest pains as the couple surrounded to police. But that chest pain, the alleged is older to the hills. You know, I don't know. Every monster always used to use that deal. So he had an orange, he always used to. Yeah. The ones I've seen are always, so they heard what makes another mistake. That's not nearly as embarrassing as the sunset and the leading poms, cooking schedules from their website from his column. I still can't get over that. Can you? That was great. That was very funny. And you know what they would say? Oh, that was not her by mistake. A gestic coincidence. We just discovered that. We didn't have to date that anyway. Right. Just like they're going to update, waxy, 710 and out of the column. Remember that? Oh, yeah. In the middle of the day, and that was the oldies thing in what do up in 1999. Residents of Miriam Lanzas, commissioner, blocked the campaign to be called her from office. The residents were angry that she supported the expansion of a landfill in Miami Lakes. Alonso raised about $90,000 to fight to recall. Some of it after she knew that we call campaign had fizzled police. Said, but none of the money was reported to election authorities. The charges accused her of misusing $78,000 of the money. Then fabricating invoices after she learned police were investigating. The couples have turned he said they deny it. These are the second group of charges brought against the Alonsoes. And April, they were charged with a number of corruption related offenses, including grand theft, money laundering, and exploitation of public office. In that case, they were accused of misusing $54 grand from her re-election campaign. Spot potatoes, you know, when you come right down to it. Small potatoes. I say leave them alone. Suspect and Swedish hijack thought, listen, Pemberpinds address. Is there a way to get the money back? No. No one would have got to tell out of there. You know, you can smell it. I mean, Amsterdam, you see it on the streets, but in South Florida, you smell it. Like in that elevator, we're gone. You know, even currency in that story. Hey, I apologize again, okay. I think it's still in there. I apologize. It could be lingering. Suspect, well, I read that. And it's a lot of fundamentalists with the criminal pattern. I think it's still in there. I apologize. It could be lingering. I read that. And it's a lot of fundamentalists with the criminal past accuser of playing the hijack of flight between Stockholm and London. Has connections to South Florida like many others implicated in terror plots over the past year. Now, you saw this chatty guy? Yeah. He spends a lot of time in the chatty rooms on the internet. Terremus, the doc chatty, 29 has been held in a Stockholm jail. Charge with attempting the hijack of London about Ryan Airflat August 29. Chatty was found with a handgun in his carry-on luggage before boarding the Boeing 737 of the mysterious airport outside Stockholm. It was reportedly on his way to an Islamic conference in London. Chatty who attended a flight school in South Carolina, 1997, and was certified as a private pilot by the FAA in May of 1997, came to Florida, 1998, with the intention of taking flying lessons, according to a councilman's family in the Swedish and British media. Remember what Howard Veels, what the net babysitter Howard Veel? No. The world is a business model. Oh, yes. I mean, that has nothing to do with this story. But I forgot to mention that before. But that's story about God's corporations. Florida State Records Show that Chatty listened to the dress at Pembroke Landings Department complex. One, a 1375 Southwest 101 first-way building six department 306, when he sold his car in June 1998, according to records obtained from the Florida Department of Highway Safety and Motor Vehicles. A company official at the landing center, she couldn't verify that Chatty lived there at the time, because the rental records don't go back that far. Chatty's motor vehicle documents represent the only non-tubic record of his stay in Florida. Joseph Phillips of Stewart, who bought his Nissan 300 GX for $1,000 in June 1988, said when he couldn't discuss the purchase, because he had signed an agreement with the British paper selling exclusive rights to do an interview for three grand. The deal is an indication of the sensation that cases caused in the British press as a possible precursor to the September 11th anniversary. Michael Fabergass, FBI spokesman, Miami said, Adon, started looking into Chatty's link to Pembroke Pines. Officials at the North American Institute of Aviation and Conway South Carolina, so Chatty enrolled at the Flight School in 1996, but was terminated April 30th, 97 after seven months, because he didn't meet the Pile and Slyzen's requirements, usually attained by students after 45 days. The Swedish tabloid, often blotted, reported that Chatty was in Florida with the intention of taking flight courses, but was frustrated by a neck injury. Chatty didn't show up at a dozen local flight schools contacted by the South Florida Sun Sentinel, which was too busy of course deleting those cooking school references from Tom Jekyll's website. 1056 at 560 WQM, Chatty's seafood company knows seafood, they pride themselves on serving you. Their fresh seafood available fresh fish that is never frozen. Then they bring you some food, yes, twice as a matter of fact. And you told me it was outstanding like a tachylor best ever. Chatty's also features Grills certified angus beef that's angus with the G. Burgers, Filet, Mignon, or huge New York strips. Chatty's has great weekend specials too like their seafood pasta midway, with sauteed shrimp fish and calamari served over the Linguini for only 1395, or snapper Vera Cruz, only 1495. Join the Castaway's tailgate party at the Hogfish Bar offering college and NFL football specials, including all you can eat hot and spicy buffalo shrimp for just 7.95. Why do you watch your favorite teams? There's also live entertainment every Saturday night. Castaway's seafood company's got a full bar, they're open seven days a week, and you'll find them on the Southwest corner of the University, drive and grip and road and prestigious day be. If you're looking to cater your next Tomoroff's party, Castaway's will do a super job of that for you too. Dior says it's beyond belief it's so good they castaway's seafood company, sees food so fresh it will slap you in the post. Why in local years sports radio 560s, you a UAM. Have just tasted just never. If your toothpaste doesn't taste great, your kids don't brush long enough, which could lead to ugly tartar buildup. The solution? Regular check-ups and brushing with new crust, the tartar control toothpaste lays with crack cocaine. Hey, should I almost got in there? Question, get my passion! Crust is not only clinically proven, it's also highly addictive. The your kids will brush and brush and brush and brush and brush. Come on, Billy has been 45 minutes. Fishing, flattered, f***ing! If you're not careful, you're going to wear those teeth down to little lemon. Oh god, no! Crust, huh? Almost on a crust! Hope your kids and I healthy have it for life. I'm brushing with new crust with crack cocaine. Sure, I'm going to be late for work now, but it's good to see Billy brushing. Get out, man! This is a car jacking! Billy, what are you doing? I've been out! Billy, what are you doing? Got it, all the part of your crust! You crust toothpaste, late with crack cocaine. Recommended by nine out of ten drug addicts. 11.15.60. WC, I mean, two bad we don't say I have a best of coming out this year. You know? Is it? Because I'm looking at, well, no, this 1995, this may have been the best one. Well, certainly was one of the best, you know? A lot of it stuff on it. So a thing with it that I got that disk in there. Well, really is because I have all of these up here, and I usually have them sitting way back They're off to the side back on a thing. It's not my thing. I usually think they go to those. Yeah, but I did because that who's seen it isn't in the ECS, and there was an area and with all kinds of other good stuff. Anyway, we got a hundred ninety nine votes, the next one will be the 200th. One ninety nine. What do you think is going to happen on Wednesday, September 11th? It's only a matter of days away. Oh, hey. Nothing unusual, 123. I have no idea, 65. Another terrorist attack, 11. I voted I have no idea. It's like, what do you vote? No idea. I have no idea. LSU is speaking about the, remember that person of interest we were talking about. The thing that has that, yes. LSU now are they fire him there, but in that they fired his boss. They fired a day after it fired Dr. Steven J. Headflow, a researcher under scrutiny last fall of anthracite text, LSU fired the head of the biomedical research center that had employed him. Steven L. Now, I'm on a pronounce his last name right, but I'm not good on frog names. G. I. L. O. T. G. O. Sure, one on or G. O. The, the, the, the, the Steven L. Frog, who was director both the national center for biomedical research and training and the Academy for counterterrorist education was dismissed yesterday. If you use books been genes or whens they was fired. LSU says, points has been genes shans an High Multiselitus. He says that is just 10. In the arts. He's off we can't tell you it's a professional thing and we don't talk about that. We can't just talk about those, and we can't talk about those, because he's a man a potential employees' sand said. Several questions of surface about Hatfield and Point what appear to be, exaggerations on his resume. In discussing Hatfield's firing scents had said when they let the year receive an email August 1 directing him to cease and assist from using Hatfield, I'm just as Department funded projects. Hatfield was placed on administratively by LSU the following day, but scents said geodin the LERD administration officials to the email told Tuesday when Hatfield was fired. Scents said the decision to put Hatfield on administratively and fire more than connected to the email. LSU Chancellor Mark Amhert said, Hatfield's firing was the judgment of Yelp but was in the best interest of LSU. Justice to pro-unificial course declined comment on the email. Pat Plosin had fil spokesman said the email was an intent to pressure Hatfield into a false confession. We are stunned to learn of this, he said on Wednesday were outwragged, blacklisting by the government is offensive and un-American. Obviously, Attorney General John Aschrop wants to bring blacklisting back to the federal scene where is the new process? I think that will blame the FBI's anthrax investigation for his terminates. How do you like that? I don't. Wait a minute, you like this though. Vosha's niece models in fashion show. All right. Barcelona's fame. President, Vosha's name. Now wasn't to a Colombia in Barcelona when she came back that time when she just the small, I mean forgot to report that stuff she bought. I don't know. I think it was. Somewhere in Spain. Barcelona. President and Vosha's niece, Lauren Bush made her first appearance on a Spanish catalog Thursday yesterday when she modeled a simple black dress for the presentation of the label twice twice pays summer 2000's recollection to your YPES, twice as sure when it. We never have a toilet pass. They're like a small pest contained. I have several little dispenser. The show was full of silk linen, elaborate embroidery and Arabic inspired touches like turban's and traditional robes. But a toilet pass booksmons had stylus deliberately gave Lauren Bush a simple non-ethnic dress to avoid any political undertones. Oh, thank goodness. Oh, can you imagine if you would have come out there with a Hussain Chaco? Oh, President Bush's court, they're considering what the launch of the tech on a rack as we know, Yadiya. The idea of a prospect that's angered many in the Arab world. Any connection with the Bush family at Erberg Stiles were purely coincident in said labels designer Spain's Jorge Guadillani's. And then got an honest. She, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, the allift club right now, they've caught aide. They have heard that theis and take that the most dramatic thing is to ask some of the clips they can get a, a, you know, that's the industri Bye. That was in between. Mary got that guy on the barrio. He's been Jewish. They're burning voice in the center, he's. Did a great topic. So.  that number. He. But, and then where this near approval date? Oh my God. In fact, compared to him, I love Oprah. He is the most out of noxious. Wasn't it then that comes off the Guardian Angels? Yes, indeed. And that's where he started. It was a beautiful, soft appointed vigilantes. And then he became a right wing talk show host. And now they got him on to an MSNBC war in that rich motha. First made a reference at the end of the fashion show walking out of the runway hand in hand with a designer. She was originally slated to participate more in the show, but the 17 year old who is the face of Tommy Hill figure and his appeared numerous international fashion shows felt sick on Thursday, the 12th of a spoke. So it probably felt sick when she saw all those Arab head year. You know, she started swarming a little bit. Give me a hug. Give me a hug. Give me a hug. Probably her cousin had to get her some doggy downers. Well, it's big of the bush family. Florida Governor Bush wrote as one of the first US female serial killers executed next month. Conveniently right before the election. Governor Jeb Bush decided that for yesterday for Ileen war knows. Say, prostitute to kill six men along Florida highways. It was one of the nation's first known female serial killers. The execution was set for October 9th. Isn't that good? That's excellent. It's about freaking time. The governor also ordered the October 2th execution of death in May. Rigol Berthos Sanchez Velasco who was condemned to the 1986 murder of a high leaguer. With voice seeking in the election November some death penalty critics accused the governor of making capital punishment a political issue. Abe Bonowitz, director of Floridians for alternative to death penalty called the death warrants of transparent and crass political move at a time when Mr. Bush knows the courts will issue stays in both cases. He referred to legal challenges to Florida's death penalty that are pending before the state Supreme Court. But stays for war and Osiris Sanchez appear unlikely. Neither as attorneys since both dropped the repeals. Bush spokeswoman Keating Munyus had both confessed more than 10 years ago and have volunteered for execution. War and Os46 was convicted of fatally shooting six middle-aged men who picked her up as a hitchhiker in 1989. Restorized in Fort Trayton, two movies, three books and an opera. And an opera. Now, if the opera wore a red beret would you hate for the first? Oh, the curse. Well, man, I wonder how I can remember his name. He gives me the heby-gee these men. And there's nothing worse on an irreversible shot of the getting the heby-gee-gee-bees. Which of course, George has that all the time? For having all of us speaking of heby-wei, I don't have time for this now. I guess I do. It's kind of a long thing. I'll make time, okay? Okay. Broward, this is in a son's channel. In fact, right above it, it says, he's looking for those cooking shows. Broward official fears Keatea collection's office will torpedo primary vote. Even as the election officials sought to be assured voters that next week's primary will go smoothly despite turmoil over new polling places and inaccurate registration cards. Leader of the Broward County Commission charged the areas, cooining toward another. Election disaster. Oh, I think like that. Even after all the investment and publicity. Another. Oh, man. How do we do it? Commission chairwoman Laurie Peris who serves on the few member candidates in board that certifies the election result said yesterday that the process had been too rifle and problems to run properly on this coming Tuesday. I mean, the election's only like Saturday, a Sunday, four days away. Monday, Thursday, Thursday. Yeah, right, Saturday. Appalogy and no. School of light, carblua. Fabricio. Oh, sorry. That looks good. Yeah, Fabricio. Oh, sorry. That looks good. Yeah, Fabricio. I don't the vibe. Hold on. Yeah, that's what he did say. I don't live up. Very good. See, doing a reason you know that is because it's the same in both languages. Of course. What would it be in spanning? I don't live off. Oh. She lost her life. But if they once you learned that the mayor of sunrise received the wrong ballot when he voted. And I think, oh, no. Not again. Like, Prater was saying, every was sitting on the curb with his head in his hands rocking back again. Again. Same thing here. Remember that? Yes, of course. After we hit him with five shots. He's got the gun from the boat. Oh, yeah. Yeah, he takes the gun and he did all his other run on it. Like he was twirling it like a baton. Yeah. And he liked to drop it. My handle, Frato. Grab it by the handle. Well, Frato. Yeah. Okay, I'll get back to that circus. It's long like I said. It's pretty long. Oh, I can't handle it. Between that story on how we are supplied around. Well, when we all knew that, but it's just when you put it in the words like it, and of course, one thing about these stories, well documented, you notice? Oh, yeah. Well documented, all referenced dates, times, places, names, shoe size, penis length. They got it all down to a size. But we're not just talking about hysterical wingnuts on either end. Can't handle that. Can't handle people that don't bring me copies. I'm going to tell you. I think next week, I'm going to launch a verbal assault on Todd Dreck, the likes of which he's never hurt in his life. This little putsal, a man. This guy is just pathetic. He is the worst excuse for a sales hole, and you know what it goes all the way back to? Let me give you a clue. Hey, Coligan, man. Remember that? Yeah, I remember. How can we forget? Man, what you're doing? It makes me want a puk. Anyway, let me tell you right now about a great place. You won't puk when you go there. You'll get yourself some great skills in that fast rain. You can become a high-paid computer professional if you get the training. And of course, there are tons of great jobs out there waiting for you with some real money behind them. The question is, how do you do that? How do you get a good school that'll help you accomplish all of these things? Well, there's one school that's got for convenient locations all over day and Broward, including that great new spot in highly congested Kendall. There's one school that's got certified Microsoft instructors, convenient day, evening, weekend classes. There's a school that's got full time placement to Parmo though for 30 years experience. And when you go to fast rain, you can complete your program, get certified with this great new computer job. In just four short months, we're talking hands on training. You're going to really know your crap. Speaking of Todd REC, you'll know your crap. You heard me talk about fast rain for a long time. So get off your lazy ass pick up the phone right now and make a new career for yourself and start getting her serious paycheck. Call 1-866-FastTrain. That's 1-866-FastTrain. Whoever answers, be sure to mention Todd RECS name. That'll give you some real Broward-Brony points or check them out on the web if you like at fasttrain.com. My life and law calls, six is sports radio five sixies. You wait two a half. Only in the banana republic baby, only in Miami. And now here's Timmy Dean, founder of Timmy Dean Forks-Ausage with a few words about new Timmy Dean Vagal San Francisco. Hello, I'm Timmy Dean. You know, I still want to tell me it's 25 years ago that I'd be making Vagals. I'd have said, huh? That's due food, isn't it? Times have changed and I guess I've got to change with them. But I don't have to like it. You people want your Vagals. I'll give you your Vagals. With a Vagal Greece's slab of Timmy Dean Forks-Ausage, I'll give you a new Timmy Dean. None kosher Vagal Sanwiches. If you're Jewish, you can buy him. You just can't eat him. New Timmy Dean Vagal Sanwiches. There's a little bit of big in everybody. And Kathy New Year from Timmy Dean. I'm 14. Did you notice we had to rejoin on that break the one where I was from a few of them like that? Yes. I hate that thing. What's that doing there? You better hop all over Texas as well, then. Oh yeah, right. Because he's doing a fine job and he's a good guy. He really is. Like parents a lot. Especially if he starts getting some cash for a poor Chuck Carlos, whatever his name is there. Yeah. See all the other shows they get like 75 different intern interns, a paid sports nerds. Our show, we got to go through a big song and then just to get the Chuck a couple of bucks. Well, take care of them. Don't worry about that. And you thought I was joking on Friday with the volunteer board up. No, I didn't think you were joking. You were a little wild. Don't I know what a cheap bastard Greg is? And of course, it's always with this show. He has that negatively attitude about this show. This is the show with a big numbers and bringing in the big revenue and drives the entire guy to the M radio station. But we get squads. What we get? And he probably expects me to pay him, you know, might have not. I've made my own, you know, over an Amsterdam, bought my own chair, bought my own supplies, over here at the other day I got two a ton of crap. And I could have spent some. But you know something just out of spite, I don't do it. There's so many things we've had to buy for ourselves. Just like I was telling you before the show today, I'm going to get back. Right. I'm going to make sure we get an air purifier and in fact, I'll get two of them. We'll get one for your studio, one for mine. I'm going to have to sit there. You're talking in gang every day. Negative eye on by the way, I think, is the way to go. Maybe somebody out there will fancy some information about that. Okay. Because I hear that those hemp offenders don't happen too much. Isn't that what you hear? I heard the same thing. Well, there's some people that's whereby those vibe and reading a lot on the net the last couple of days and the negative eye analysis. Those are supposedly the cats meow. They take even the tiniest little particles. I mean, just finite things that can't be seen even like the amount polymer telescope. And they take them out of here. Somebody will fax this and propaganda on that. In fact, maybe somebody will fax this where we can get some doubt for down there. For each of my house. Anyway, Lori Perish, poor poor Lori Perish, the Brown County Commissioner says I have no confidence. We can have an air free election. We have a new supervisor of elections, new voting equipment and new precinct locations. I just have to hope that it isn't a formula for disaster. I'm worried and concerned. She said, then sad to promising, doesn't. No. For our general battle supervisor of elections, Miriam Olafan faced another major blow in her election planning Thursday yesterday. When the state division of election said she missed interpreted state law and how to organize her polling precincts. Oh, God. Oh, my God. The Republican Party complaint she wouldn't guarantee that each precinct will be stabbed by Republican and Democratic poll workers. She thought only that the overall makeup of the 5000 workers had to reflect the community. But the state sided with the GOP. The opinion could open the primary to illegal challenge unless Olafan shuttles poll workers around between today and Tuesday to ensure a balance at each of the eight and nine precincts. Where spokesman said Olafan was reviewing the letter late yesterday and going, you gotta be smitten, means she's probably saying. Republican leaders said they were exploring their options if Olafan says not Berlin and said they'll definitely have the court of the issue with not addressed by the November general election. You know what they're going to be doing? They're going to have to bring their henchmen from out of state. They're going to be knocking. Let her sit there. They're going to be knocking on her door. Remember that? All right. Yes. Let us in. One out. Despite that Florida's top election official secretary, St. Kim Smith stood by side by side with Olafan yesterday. And St. Lee's convinced that Broward is ready for Tuesday's vote. Right. Just like, uh, cheese had Tommy Thompson said he drank water from a creek. He was an outdoor guy. It's an isolated incident. He drank water from a creek. Ever took a crap in the woods? During, yeah, everybody heard it too. And smell it. During a visit to Broward's poll worker, a trans-factor, Uncle Remison, Bear Bear, and I wrought their last week. He said the problem is arising here or not, how they ordinary is. What he'd be saying. Everybody just needs to take a couple of deep breaths. He said, I think similar problems have occurred in other places. But for whatever reason here it's been more confrontational. People don't realize how complicated it is to put on an erect election. Tuesday, I'll mark the first major election since South Florida came out of National scrutiny for its embarrassing role in the 2000 presidential election debacle. It says, you're accurately so. Although the state's reformed its selection laws and Broward has replaced punch guard ballots with touchscreen voting machines, problems of plague preparations for the 2002 primary. Olders are completely about new polling places, and inaccurate registration cards and the concerns are continuing to mount. Sunrise mayor Steve Ferrin was stunned when he voted that St. T last week and received a ballot that contained a legislative race for state senator Mandy Dawson, Ferrin who lives about six miles outside of district, immediately questioned poll workers of vote to ballot. Ferrin said a poll worker agreed to even give him the wrong ballot and then set up the right one on his voting machine. But Ferrin said he's concerned other voters are less as stoop about which legislative, congressional, school board and county and city commissioners say, live in and we'll go ahead and vote if they got the wrong ballot. He said, it's going to be ugly, is what he said. How do you like that? I like it. Similar problems were seen this week, and they testing the new voting machine whereby they're canvassing board. The board determined the machines work properly, but two of the five errors occurred while testing 100 machines happened because poll workers chose the wrong ballot. Ferrin should tend to erase questions about the possibility of similar mistakes, but lawyers told the board that it could only assess whether the machines work properly. Poll worker training they said was all a fancy responsibility. All a fan denied that Ferrin could have received the wrong ballot. She said the errors in this week's testing were tracked and corrected quickly. So in other words, she's caught a malayar, I guess. How do you like that? So on it goes, as we just can't can we get it together? Are we ever going to get together in South Florida? No. But the guy from Sweden, by the way, at getting juggie with a guy with always that guy's name up for a guy. Whatever his name was, I couldn't pronounce it. Chattie, that chattie, yeah. So he wasn't like a mum like the other guy, he was pretty chattie. The chattie guy, he lived in Pembroke finds once upon a time. Maybe he used to go bowling with my hem and a ta. Where did some of the strip clubs? In fact, maybe he was at the swing club when you were in there. You never know. Never know. In fact, maybe he was the guy that swung it in Joe's face. That's right, he was wearing a towel on his head. I mean, Joe's got that big nose. Maybe didn't realize it wasn't a tag. You know, maybe he thought Joe was Jewish. Oh, he's been going to Jews net hand talk rights in the village voice. How come I haven't been getting stuff out of the village voice? I asked you before and you don't know. I've never gone on me. That's pretty. And I'm going to read this article all I will say this. It starts right out with Jonathan Turley. Now do you remember him from penis gate? No. He was on the issue do. He was on the talk and head shows over and over again. He was a professor of law towards town. Oh, that guy. Got a fat-facened dark area. He was ripping Bubba and ass. He was a consistently anti-bubble. But you know, he's entitled to that. He just made me sick. And that hand talk rights in the village voice. General asked Croft detention camps. Jonathan Turley is a professor of constitution on public interest. Law of George Washington University, Law School in DC. He's also a defense attorney in national security cases. And other matters. Right to remember publications in his often on TV too often. He and I occasionally exchange leads on civil liberties stories. But I learned much more from him than he does for me. Says Nat Henthal. For example, a Jonathan Turley column in the national edition of the August 14 LA Times. Cants for citizens as Croft's eldest vision begins. Attorney General John asks Croft's an unsponsired for cancer from US citizens. He deems to be enemy combatants as moved from him. As rather moved him from merely being a political embarrassment to being a constitutional Minus. Actually, ever since General asked Croft post-U.S. Patriot acts to an overwhelming misupply Congress soon after 9.11. He subverted more elements of the bill of rights than any attorney general in American history. Of the adjusted department's new definition of enemy combatants, which won the enthusiastic approval of the president and defense secretary Rumsfeld, anyone defined as an enemy combatant. Very much including American citizens can be held indefinitely by the government without charges, a hearing or a lawyer in short in Communicado. Two American citizens, Yosir S. Amhambi and Jose Padilla are currently locked up in military Briggs's enemy combatants. Humbi is in solitary in a windowless room. His Harvard law professor Lawrence Tribes had an ABC's Night Law in August 12. It bothers me that the executive branch is taking the amazing position that just on the president's face so any American citizen can be picked up, not just in Afghanistan, but it'll end all here airport around the streets of any city in this country. And locked up without access to a lawyer or court just because the government says he's connected somehow with a Taliban or al Qaeda. That's not the American way. It's not the constitutional way and no court can even figure out whether we'd got the wrong guy. How do you like that? I don't like it. In other words, he was basically saying it's not. That's the American fucking way. Not, it's what he was saying. In Humbi's case, the government claims, again, I can hold him for interrogation and a floating Navy break off Norfolk Virginia as long as it needs to. When federal district judge Robert Dumar asked the man from the Justice Department, how long Humbi is going to be locked up with our charges. The government lawyer said he couldn't answer that question. The Bush administration claims that the judiciary has got no right to interfere. Remember what Mama Corley only said? No. Santino, don't interfere. Now, more Americans are also going to be dispossessed at every fundamental legal right in our system and justice and put into camps. Jonathan truly reports that justice-dibraminates the general ass crop have indicated that a high level committee will recommend which citizens ought to be stripped of the constitutional rights and sent to ass crops new camps. I have a steady strategy to get few downs to bring back concentration. It should be noted that truly, we try to respect maybe our James, who tries to respect due process, even in an unpalatable situation, public defended ass croftering the landers, turbulent nomination battle, which is more than I did said that Hentaw. Again, in his LA Times column, truly tries to be fair. Of course, ass crofters not considering camps on the order of the internment camps used to incarcerate Japanese American citizens' WW2, but it can only be credited with thinking smaller. We have learned from painful experience that unchecked authority once tasted easily become insatiable, truly says. Truly insist that they proposed camp planch to trigger immediate congressional hearings and reconsideration of ass crop's fitness for important office, whereas al-Qaeda's authority lives of our citizens as crop has become a clear and present danger to our liberties. On August 8th, the Wall Street Journal, which much admirers ass crofters and its editorial pages reported that the Goose Creek South Carolina facility, the House of Jose Padea, mostly empty since it was designated in January to hold foreigners captured in the US, and facing military tribunals now has a special wing that could be used to jail about 20 US citizens if the government were to deem them, enemy combatants they senior administration officials be saying. The Justice Department has told, truly that it's not an eye to story, and space can be found in military installations for more enemy combatants. But once the camps are operating, can general ass crofters be restrained from detaining not in these special camps, but in regular lockups, any American investigated under suspicions of domestic terrorism under the new Allies to get the eyegodelines for criminal investigations. From page, well before we get to that. Like maybe, can you just imagine? Steve Hadville? Oh God. Yeah, I can just see that. I mean, after all he did something. Well, he's not maybe doing anything, but he is a person of interest. Oh, I think some people of interest are going to like disappear for a while. From page three of these Ascrop terrorism FBI guidelines, quoting, the nature of the conduct engaged in bi-terrorist and a prize will justify an inference that the stated for opening criminal justice investigation is satisfied, even if there are no known statements by participants that advocate or indicate planning for violence or other prohibited acts. That conduct can be simply intimidating the government according to the USA Patriot Act. The new Stephen Spielberg Tom Cruise movie minority reports shows the government some years hence imprisoning pre-criminals before they engage in a even think of terrorism that may not just be fiction folks. And remember the other day, we had that story about Delaware, they were arrested people because they're thinking about committing a crime. Not profiling, pre-filing. Right. Pre-filing. In other words, they got the mind police. They're reading their mind. They're going to do something evil and break the law and so they round them up. Return to General Ashcroft's plans for American and to make combatants on August 18th, New York Times editorial. Written before those plans were revealed, said, The Bush administration seems to believe on no good legal authority that if it calls citizens combatants in the war on terrorism, it can imprison them indefinitely in the prime of lawyers. This defines of the courts' repudiates two centuries of constitutional law and undermines the very freedom that President Bush has used defending in the struggle against terrorism. Meanwhile, as the camps are being prepared, the brain, Terry McCollough and the packet Democratic presidential aspirants, are campaigning on corporate crime with no reference to the Constitutional crimes being committed by Bush and Aschroff. As Supreme Court Justice Lewis Brandeis prophesied, the greatest minister freedom is an inward people and an inward democratic leadership. See you in a month if another NASH proc camper says net-hand talk. How do you like that, huh? Find a way, Nat. Happy New York here if you're still on the outside. God. Twenty six after eleven at five sixty, W.C. The mayor of the United States has come along a one-to-one hand-goal virtue, then Dave once said it five thirty would hank and then the Marlon stuff. Tom Layman and Halad Patti, F.G.MC are doing it again. They're always doing it down there. Zero percent financing is still going on. That is correct. You heard me write, get zero percent financing up to sixty months with a proof credit from G.M.A.C. or its your choice. Take a wee bit of up to four grand. You heard right up to $4,000 on select 2002 Patti X or G.M.C. Model in stock. They've been doing it right down there for 35 years in the same great location in Halad. Who also in town has been in the same spot for 35 years. Pretty hard to find. And you'll find about one thirty-four-one. South Lixie Highway on U.S. One across from the falls open every day, seven days a week. Line you're there and Halad, be sure and check out the complete line of G.M.C. SUVs, including the on-voi voted by Motor Trend as SUV the year. And be sure and take a peek at the all new Pontiac of Vibus SUV. The Vib has the power of a very fancy, schmantey, expensive sports car. They've also got a dependable selection pre-owned cars, trucks and SUVs. And if any other dealer in town turned it out for credit to hell with them, forget about them. Go to Halad, they'll make you deal. That's Halad Pontiac, G.M.C. for more info, call them at 305-238-4040-305-238-404-404. Oh! For Halad Pontiac, G.M.C. who be professional-gray. My life and love all this is for 305-50. You way away, yeah. Down on your hands and knees and lick my boots. Okay. Hi, I'm Ari Summer. Do you know what? You got me talking on the passion song? Tell me the story about how you got Sloan. I got you down. Yeah, yeah, yeah, holy cow! Oh, oh, oh, oh! I'll tell you one more before I hang up the phone. I got you down. The lines are jammed up. Yeah, there is them at town. Call up and tell me what is on the bound. I got you down. Yeah, yeah, yeah, holy cow! Oh, oh, oh! I'll tell you one more before I hang up the phone. I got you down. I got you down. I got you down. I got you down. Oh, oh! I got you down. Here on the show, there's a new topic each night. Who'd you have sex with when they black are doing what? I got you down. Yeah, yeah, holy cow! Are you? I tell you one more before I hang up the phone. I got you down. I'm a pretty cool 5.50 WQN. 139 votes on our pool. What do you think's going to happen this year on 9.11? Which is 11.4 days away. I don't know. Nothing unusual, 144. I have no idea 82. And another terrorist attack 13. Uh-oh. Not a good number to be voting on that 13. Good luck, this is the right. You're going to be very, you'll chuckle. You'll chortle. St. Petersburg Times. A theater instructor is on leave after she says lighter is better with regard to skin tone and stage lighting. I know it's hard to believe, but it's true. In a theater class, a Gibbs high school teacher Tony Mitchell led a discussion as week about lighting on stage. Mitchell said when they she told all of her students black and white that they should stay out of the sun. For the sake of their careers, they shouldn't get a tan because the darker someone's skin, the harder it is to light them on stage. Lighter is better Mitchell said she told her students that they Penalty County Center for the Arts House that gives. Uh-oh. Some black students thought that it was a racially insensitive remark. The line of Clark, the mother of one of those students complained Wednesday to principal barber Schorter. Huh. I just can't believe in a dull for one. Let alone a teacher would say those types of things to a black kid who may be feeling insecure already Clark said. Not to mention paranoid. Facial 47 has been placed on administrative leave would pay while the school district conduct an investigation. Is this incredible? No, it's very credible. School officials want to describe the nature of the investigation other than it's for allegations of inappropriate conduct in the classroom said Jackie Spodell, Berchier, and attorney for the school district. Mitchell said her leave has nothing to do with her marks she made in theater class Tuesday and said instead Mitchell said the administrators thinks she was intoxicated at school but she denies that. She and other teachers who also preparing their students to compete with the best and brightest of college and university such as Carnegie Mellon University, Boston University and NYU. Mitchell hired by Penalty School to 1988, said she was telling her students to truth about getting an asshow bonus. The world is ugly, okay, and the television movie and theater industry is ugly. She said, how can I teach when I can't teach what's true? But at least one might do in Wonderwater Black friends would think after Mitchell said it was easier to illuminate pale skin. I just thought that could be taken the wrong way, said Janelle McKee 14, I'm not sure how she meant it, and I'm not trying to justify what she said. She just put it the wrong way. Mitchell's remarks about lighting also to criticism from theater professionals. I mean, if it was good enough for Al Jolson, you might. Right? Neither is better said GB Stevens and associate professor of theater and the lighting designer for the School of Theater and Dance at the University of South Florida. I'm sorry, the theater of school and dance. A good lighter designer will know how to make adjustments and who wants to go to an F and dance school anyway, Lee Roy? A good light designer will know how to make adjustments when lighting people of multiple shades on the stage at the same time. He said, Fanny Green. That's her name. Okay. Okay. Fanny Green. Sure. Who splits her time, maybe she's kind of Harvey Green. Who splits her time, he's teaching at USF and workers in the United States and New York agreed. She read a lot of the names of several successful black actors including Morgan Freeman, Sicily, Pasha, and Avery Brooks, Wuppy Goldberg, Andre Brower, Broward, who's that? Donald. And Sidney Pote, Denzel Washington, the Halle Burr, recently monotours, for best actor. I mean, what does that have to do with anything? All she was doing was make her point about lighting. While the lighting incidents caused her controversy, Mitchell's earned high marks for teaching, according to Mitchell's evaluation, she's an outstanding teacher, so this big spokesman Ron Stone. So once again, somebody who makes a remark in passing, it's taken out a context and a bunch of sparks is good all of a sudden, then I'll just shake it off. Take me to my stomach, man. I want to puke again. God. Now, I gotta tell you, I never thought I'd read anything that Jimmy Carter wrote. Okay. But, I remember I was ripping him the other day about his trip to Cuba and his naive trips all around the world. The newfound peacemaker, and I said, go back to the peanut farm. But, he wrote a column for the Washington Post yesterday, and I read it, and I looked at it, and I read it again. I said, well, you know something to make sense. Just because Jimmy Carter didn't mention it, right? Right? He wasn't a stupid man. Just weak. Wim. Right. In fact, he made Bush one, not always saying that. Bush one was the one who was the Wimpiest. Fundamental changes are taking place in the historical policies in the United States, with regard to human rights rights Jimmy Carter. Our role in the community of nations in the Middle East peace process largely without definitive debates except the times within the administration. Some new approaches have understandably evolved from quick and well-advised reactions by President Bush to the tragedy of 911. But, other seem to be developing from a core group of conservatives who are trying to realize long-pinned up ambitions out of a cover they proclaim war against terrorism. Formerly admired almost universally as the preeminent champion of human rights, our country has become the foremost target of respected international organizations concerned about these basic principles of democratic life. We have ignored or condoned abuses in nations that support our anti-terrorism effort, while detaining American citizens' autonomy combatants, incarcerating them secretly and, definitely, without their being charged with any crime or having the right to legal counsel. This policy has been condemned by the federal courts, but the Justice Department seems adamant and the issue was still in doubt. Several hundred teleman soldiers, who is a main reason to grunt animal bay on the same circumstances, were the defense secretary declaring that they would not be released even if they were somebody tried and found to be innocent. These actions are similar to those who abuse of regimes that have been historically been condemned by American presidents. While the president's reserve judgment, the American people are indedated almost daily, with planes from the vice president of the top officials, and we face a devastating threat from Iraq's weapons of mass destruction and with pledges to remove Sodom who sane from office, wither without support from any allies. As has been emphasized vigorously by foreign allies and by responsible leaders, a former administration that incumbent office holders, there was no current danger to the U.S. from Baghdad. In the phase of intense monitoring and overwhelming American military superiority, any belligerent move by who's sent against the neighbor, even the smallest nuclear test necessary before weapons construction, a tangible threat to use a weapon of mass destruction, or sharing this technology with terrorist organizations would be suicidal. But it's quite possible that such weapons would be used against Israel if our forces or our forces in response to an American attack. Let me read that since again because I've watched it. But it's quite possible that such weapons would be used against Israel or our forces in response to an American attack. We can't ignore the development of chemical biological or nuclear weapons, but a unilateral war where the Iraq is not the answer. There's an urgent need for you and action to force unrestricted inspections in Iraq, but perhaps deliberately so this has become less likely as we alienate our necessary allies. Apparently, this agreement with the President and Secretary of State and the fact of ice-president has now discounted this goal as a desirable option. We have thrown down counterproductive gullets to the rest of the world to supervise US commitments to laboriously negotiated international accords. We have to have three rejections of nuclear arms agreements, the biological weapons convention, environmental protection, anti-tourcer proposals, and punishment of work criminals, of sometimes in combined with economic threats against those who might disagree with us. These unilateral acts and assertions increasingly isolate the US from the very nations needed to join confounding terrorism. Practically, our government is abandoning any sponsorship of substantive negotiations between Palestinians and Israelis. Our apparent policy is to support almost every Israeli act in the occupied territories and condemn and isolate the Palestinians as blanket targets of our war and terrorism, while it's ready to really settle into expand and Palestinian enclaves shrink. There are still things to be as relevant in the administration over to finding a comprehensive and Middle East policy that President's clear commitments to honor key when resolutions had a support to the establishment of a Palestinian state of been substantially negated by statements of the defense security that in his lifetime there will be sort of an entity some sort of an entity that will be established and is referenced to the so-called occupation. This indicates a radical departure from the policies of every administration since 1967. The government always based on the withdrawal of his real-comoccupied territories and a genuine peace between Israelis and their neighbors. The legitimate and divisive forces now seem to be dominant in Washington, but they don't yet reflect final decision to the president, Congress of the Court is crucial, that the historical and well-founded American commitments prevailed to peace justice human rights and the environment international cooperation as well. Right, Jimmy Carter. Pretty heavy duty for him, huh? You go, Jimmy. And by the way, Jimmy, the hostage is a little bit home in a few days. Huh, so you got to rub that in. Ah, I would get always just a little joke. I'd be local on the SPF-560. The radio is on your own. Oh, you idiot. Erk. I still remember getting my first candy from my grandfather. It was worth was original and I was more. I remember it like a result yesterday. Biggie Lee, that's play game. What? Just rid of gotten a bucket. A piece of candy. Oh, you guarded by a snake. Right good. Grandpa, I don't want to play this game anymore. Okay, let's play. Father, can you do the Kravish? Oh, Kravish. Grandpa, I don't always know when you put it there. Yes, those games would grab a ball, scarred me for life. Which is why now that I'm the grandfather, I'm scouring a whole new generation with worthless original. Hey, Jimmy. Say hi to wet willy, the worthless wonder will. Oh, no, not the wonder worms. Worthless original, giving children nightmares for over 60 years. I'm 25 at 5. 60. Every day of the day was done. That's sort of about the Canadian Senate. Recommending that marijuana be legalized. Not the criminalized legalized. How will I? And that all of the convictions on everybody's record be expunged. Right. And that the be sold to a kid 16 enough, right, and adults. Well, guess what? And this is why I live in Amsterdam in Toronto most of the year. Okay. Federal agents raid farm that grows medical marijuana to California law on Santa Cruz. Oh, no. Medical marijuana activist said they would protest the federal raid on a marijuana farm operated by a couple who helped write the state law legalizing medical use of the plants. Officers these more than 100 marijuana plants, three rifles in a shotgun in the radio yesterday, said the E.A. spokesman Richard Meier and San Francisco. Owners Valerie and Michael Corral were arrested on federal charges of conspiracy and intent to distribute marijuana. He said. How do you like that? How dare they? They seem kind of lunatics or what? Exactly. Medical marijuana activists that they plan to protest the raid today. These are incredibly compassionate people who were closely with law enforcement. They'll have to sick and die in our community. They said, Ben Rice and attorney for the Corral. This is absolutely outrageous. Valerie Corral said the weapon's agencies were heirlooms that belonged to her and her husband's fathers and grandfather's. For your father. The Corral helped write the 1996 law that allows patients and their caregivers to grow marijuana for their own medicine. They worked with local authorities to dispense the drug to people with doctors' recommendations to use marijuana. Are you following this? I'm following people. I don't know. Marty Warmhout, a Santa Cruz County supervisor, said County officials have been very impressed with the Corral's professionalism in running the club. The raid was a surprise to local medical marijuana growers in advocates as well as the Santa Cruz County Sheriff's Office. Even the E.A. officials in the agency's closest office in San Jose do you know the way? The farmer by 15 miles north of Santa Cruz is known to local law enforcement agencies that are complied with state law rather than federal drug laws at Sheriff's spokesman Kim Allen. The E.A. didn't tell us they did this not before and not afterwards he said. The E.A. agents have repeatedly cracked down on high profile medical marijuana advocates and distribution clubs in California by passing local law enforcement agencies that have followed the state law. Andrea Ticeler, owner of the compassion flower in, where guest with doctors' recommendations there were allowed to use medical marijuana since he was outraged. We're absolutely shocked at the E.A. with stipend like this at harvest time when so many patients will be able to benefit from this medication. She said, we're talking in the end or so. God damn country is what we're talking about. Okay. Run by a bunch of lunatics. Jesus, K and Christ, man. I'm starting to get pissed off, you know. Yeah, do do do. Good thing the weekend is here. So first time facts here, facts is me this. We missed it. As my favorite, August day, for I was in the right anyway. I'm not that I couldn't. I still had it. What was August day? Look how the calendar goes quick. We turned the page already. So Thursday because it's just it here. Oh, that's the week I was off. Remember I was in Amsterdam. I had this right. I'm being honest to me. You were my mean. I wouldn't look that. Thank you, by the way. Welcome. Cause actually I could speak that way. Come back. I was sick again. Anyway, this was in the here about August day. There's a good there's a good ending to this story from Atlanta. And then take 38 caliber pistol accidentally discharge as it was being handled by representative Bob Barr during a reception in his honor. The bullet had a glass door and no one was hurt. Oh, that was an accident, but nobody got hurt. George Alabi is Bruce Weidner said he had removed the magazine from his 1908 culprit didn't clear the chamber before handing the weapon to Barr a board member of the National Rifle Association. Boy, I'm fighting my tongue. You know, I'm thinking, why didn't they said one of us had to trigger just as he gave by the gun during reception and why in his home? Nobody was in any danger. We were handling it safely except that it was loaded said Widener and independent lobbyist. You son of a bitch. Exactly. You know, he forgot. He said that by the way. You son of a bitch. Little turtle. The good news though, the good post group to that story is it's soon to be former congressman Bob Barr. Look here at who lost his election bid man, who lost in the goddamn primer. He's out. You're out Bob. Take your little mustache over to a Munich. Get out of here. You know if they would have stopped at the right Munich. Right. So Paul Crabman writes in the report. I'd tell you, I feel like I'm getting a lot of crap into there. Is it just my imagination or what? Oh, you're being very efficient. And I'm getting like a raw voice because see, there's a difference between doing the stuff I do where we're going to end getting in these long articles. I don't know why. Because I think I strain more. Okay. I'm straining it. Oh, that's low. Let's do a little pause and just give the poor result. I'm your roger's.com. And don't forget the link is on there on our website to that thing. You know what thing I'm talking about? Sure. The Cheryl seal piece. Correct. Look at that. I just thought a bunch of crap on four. Fine, spill on. Yet. As Eric is updating our website and getting it like, you know, within the 20th or 20th century, which is nice. It was a little bit old and stale and he said it was George's fault. And he's right. Well, no, George told me before the show did that Eric has that too much time to do it. Because he's been having extra feedings lately. Because he's been under a lot of stress. 252 votes. What do you think is going to happen this year on 11, which is just five days away? Nothing unusual. 152.63%. I have no idea. 86, 34, 41%. And another terrorist attack, 14. I think that's the best way to do that. I'm so pretty sure you understand that. Right. But I'm glad we, just, you know, don't take any chances. 14 people that's only five and a half percent think we're going to have another terrorist attack. Next. To me, I wouldn't vote for that because it just seems too predictable, right? Right. Although, you know, there's so bizarre. They might try to do exactly the same thing all over again. I don't think so. I said, Mike. And that's why I said I have no idea. We have to see that's the thing. We don't know. They keep catching us with our pants down. Paul Cragman writes in the York Times today, the bullies pulpit. War is peace, freedom is slavery, ignorance is strength, colon, polyindic chainy are in perfect agreement, and abortion administration won't privatize social security. Every flashes insistence that Mr. Paul and Mr. Cheney have no differences over Iraq seems to have poor some journalists in defacing up at least briefly to the obvious. ABC's weblogged a note described it as, chocolate is vanilla claim, claiming that the virus team has always had a credibility problem with some reporters because of their insistence on saying up is down and black is white. But the administration needn't worry if this reason any guy, many reporters will soon return to their usual cringe. The next time the administration insists that chocolate is vanilla much of the media appearing accusations of liberal bias trying to create the appearance of balance won't report that the stuff is actually brown. I think he's trying to say some. And best of reports that some Democrats claim that it's brown. The Bush's team or William propensities have long been apparent to anyone following its pronounced by any kinomics. Even during campaign 2000 these pronounced been relied on double think the ability to believe two contradicting things at the same time. For example, W.D. is planned to partially privatize social security always depend on the assertion that two minus one equals four that we can divert payroll taxes into high-yielding personal accounts and use the same money to pay benefits to retirees. The orwellian tactics don't stop with double think they also include news speak that we definition of words to rule out this loyal thoughts. Again social security is a perfect example. Republican political consultants have found that in an era of plunging stocks in corporate scandal the word privatization is taken on negative connotations. The answer? The night that personal accounts constitute privatization and bully the press and go back along. A Republican national campaign committee memo lays out the news strategy. It's very important that we not allow reporters to shield for democratic demagoguery by an accurately characterizing personal accounts and privatization is one of the same. It is inaccurate to say that personal accounts equal privatization. We could argue on the merits under the Bush plan of workers personal account. We reflect any gains or losses on its stock and represents. When risk and rewards are purely the individual isn't that privatization. But wait we can do better. The first to convert social security into a system of personal accounts has been led by the Kto Institute. The Bush plan emerged directly from Kto's project on the subject several members of the Mr. Bush's Commission on Social Security for my close Kto ties and much of the Commission staff came straight from Kto. You can read all about Kto's role on the special website. The Institute set up socialsacurity.org. And what's the name of the Kto project to promote personal accounts? Why the project on social security? Providence of course. Which brings us back to the issue of intimidation. The RNCC doesn't really think it convinced people that privatization isn't privatization. But that's not the goal. The memo doesn't talk about how to communicate with the public. It's a list of demands to place on journalists. As Joshua Marshall put it at talkingpointsmemo.com, the goal is to mow mow mow. I love this line. It's to mow mow reporters out of using the word privatization in this context. I love it. Remember that pop at Umow mow? Yes. And the intimidation will probably succeed, says Paul Kroman. Indeed, it's already working. Mr. Marshall notes in a recent interview of the House Minority Leader Dickib Harts, Judy Rudder, Fond, CNN, Dually Echo, the RNCC's memo. Unfortunately, this is just a question of social security policy. Once an administration believes that neither way with insisting that black and white and up is down, and everything in this administration's history suggested believes just that it's hard to see where the process stops. A habit of ignoring inconvenient reality and presuming that the Dossal meeting would go along. Soon in fact, all aspects of policy and yes, that includes matters of war and peace. The trouble is that eventually reality has a way of asserting itself, and in case you're wondering, ignorance isn't strange. Says Paul Kroman, today's New York Times. But it is bliss. Yeah. Like that. Let's see, principal accused priests played on pedally. We got a whole bunch of stuff from the new to one hour, and then we got your managed coming along on one o'clock. Hank Goldberg, isn't it today the first day Hank's been astuting about what six months? No, seriously. I think I've been there before I hang him down. I haven't. Yesterday. How's that possible? I saw him. It was him. Look, just lying. Well, maybe yesterday was the first day back, because he was in the Bahamas, right? For a couple of days. Right. I said that his Hank's second bay back, and that I've been back. He's in the bay back. He's got a nice back like Howard. Hey, dog at one, Hank, it's 3, 5, 30 to 6, 30 is Hank with Dave Wants that is everybody gets whipped up into a frenzy for the dolphin. Line game on Sunday. Or are you whipped up about that? But what? Six, 30. We got Marlon's on deck. I'm sure you're in a frenzy about that. Like almost everybody else in Tom Marlon's at the Pirates, two teams really go in places. 7,05 tonight. See, the good news is nobody's going anywhere, to least 2,000, 6000. No contraction. Nobody's going anywhere. When it was a great article here yesterday, in the Toronto Star Rippin' Buds, she looked a big ass. It was great. Any K after the baseball game, any of the Bahamas doing a show? He got out of town, and ESPN SportsCrap overnight. We're sports, we're the old five, six, six. You a-am. Well, I do believe it be the one that closed our alive. Never thought I'd find the kind of ride that I've been through the round days today. Now it's a classic set of wheels fixed up, the way above the woodlight. Now we've defeated China, and the trip is cold, and the dust of the Basis, I got the candle, the quick cherry yoke. Ah, baby. We're going for not a cherry cherry, and the baby beats. Ah, baby. Shiny little buildings, many big sheets, and the suspension, and the suspension, now it's the one bounce down the road, and the bit that is super-toward. Now we've been honest, I've got to give some day of it around the pieces of praise. I'm not in 179, I'm a boat out of the night, show looking bad now, he's my baby candle next. Ah, baby. Oh, we're not going on a cherry, and the baby beats. Ah, baby. Shiny little buildings, many big sheets, and the yoke. I got my windows down, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Some of the day, because the easy door will not wait. The sweaty fresh red mossy, starts to smell, and gets the dusty little bit of time. Ah, I'm a back-heat, you find the shiny ground, and smell like a lie, and I'm a comic-channel, because I may wash it mid with all the wrong. Ah, baby. Oh, we're not a cherry, cherry, and the baby beats. Ah, baby. I'm going shopping, we'll spend more time with you. Ah, baby. Fresh little golden deer, and you'll be faster to be in baby beats. Ah, baby. Shiny little bit, 70 inch. Shiny little bit, 70 inch. A lot of day, that's going to be the hot. Gonna be pretty hot over the weekend. Next week, days that are going to be in the mid 80s, mid to up or eighties. Yeah, that sounds awful. We can handle it. Sunning, not a drop or rain. There may be a little rain overnight, a couple times since I've been back here, but no rain. No thunderstorms, no, well anyway. I've painted it a week that I was back there. Good, golly, Miss Molly. I told you that Tuesday, the rainstorm on the way home was brutal, and it was like a dry run, almost like a practice run, and Wednesday, it was the end of the world. Oh, you know, I've seen the middle of October until the end of February is a great time to be down there. Sure. Well, if you have to be. Anyway, and the good news from Afghanistan is they've rounded up whoever the shooters were the, the attempt of the assassins. Good. They were arrested. That's a good news. The bad news is that from Miami, bad news, the dilemma. Yeah. Because George has facts me. You can answer his, say that right now, it says, even though he knows better George Paxes, we go through this every year. High boy wants you Buffalo Bill's tickets. Well, even if I wanted to give them to him, which I quite frankly don't. Because I get tired of that. Do you know what I'm saying? What do you say? I'm saying I'm tired of it. There are my guy damn tickets. I give him the Joe Costello because Joe's a friend. I like Joey did a lot of work for our show. He had to underplay him up. He came up here had a great time. It said all or by things like he enjoyed Nestle's turtle. I asked him even if he didn't really, I think he did. But anyway, I give him the Joe and Joe to be them up with Miguel, who of course, I don't want to say Miguel was underpaid during all the month. And I think by the, he was an odd statement. I mean, you can't be underpaid if you're not paid at all. So the very life that was nice to do that. And that was his choice to do. He gave him half the tickets to Miguel. So you're talking about what we got. 16 games. And then I guess the two exhibition games. So there's like 18. So there's like nine games of peace. Is what they got. So one of them has got the bills tickets. Now he can go bug them. But my advice to them would be, just say like Nancy Reagan would say just say no. Okay. First of all, I don't have wheelchair access in there. But I hate to see like a fire alarm or something in the middle of a dolphin game. And have him have to. Can you see him tumbling down every row in the pp park? All right. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. I can just see it right now. So fast boy, the answer very simply is, No. Get out of here. Go lose some weight. No, I mean, I know I wish him no wheel. I wish he'd get better. I mean, I enjoy him in a very perverse way. I can get a different next year would be to ask you before you actually give the tickets to somebody else. I mean, heaven. I made it very clear that I already gave him away. Yeah, but maybe you were just joking for the show. And hasn't the exhibition season already ended, so there've already been a couple of home exhibition games. So what is he talking about? The answer is no fast boy. Go away. Go eat a canole. Anyway, Nicholas Christov, another great article in the New York Times today. You know, the New York Times boy, when they are hot, they're hot. Like they're Marine dog column, the other day? Yes. Although I'm still impressed by the Molly Irwin's plan. I'm at the Witted Every Day. We want to talk about Dick. Yep. Good old Dick, Cheney. I have all of them. He may be the most dangerous of all, you know? Because he's not stupid. I was at it. He's just. Well, Rob, he's well, he's not stupid either. But boy, he's dangerous man. Talk about a warm-onger. Talk about a lunatic. Just get everybody. I mean, you know, whether there's any evidence or not. Let's just, you know, let's blow everybody up. Talk about a loose cannon. Even, even, what's his name? Who played cannon? William Conrad. There he goes. He was never such a loose cannon. All we did because he ate a lot. He had some loose moments. He was great William Conrad. You know, even though I know you didn't like cops shows, I'm sure you didn't watch it. Now, that was a bad show. Jake and the Fatman. I didn't watch that. But he was just great. Guns, smoke on the radio. See, I like him because he was fat. He had a great voice. Yes, he did have a great voice. He did. In fact, when he made the transition, you know, they wanted him. They thought about for about two seconds, him playing Mad Dylan on TV. Because TV was the new medium at that point. I don't think there would be any credibility of like a Fat Puggy Mad Dylan, you know. But he was great on radio. Even I remember that. And the old days of radio have you ever heard of those shows? No, I haven't actually. You haven't? It would make a great collection. Do you know that CBS radio back when I worked at J&O in 75? There used to be a thing overnight. I'm trying to think what's all the name of it. Well, it was a CBS radio, Mr. TV theater. And they also had a lot of those old shows that they used to broadcast. The old radio, the river McGee and Molly and suspense. Well, it was for great. But in any rate, that's the ancient history. And now of course, radio has been destroyed by just a few of us small handful of companies, including enter com. I just mentioned, I think every day we ought to mention them. We love our friends. They're coming away. They just did. They're just in case they buy out of easily. That's the rumor. Why not pull whole bunch of stock? They didn't just buy that stock because they felt it was a good investment. Although with the price they bought it, it looks like probably it was. Although have we seen them sell it yet? Huh. Nicholas Christophe writes how we won the war in New York Times today. You better listen to this. I've listened to it. The American Fleet confidently steamed off to war in the Persian Gulf recently and promptly got creamed. This was in elaborate war game, not the real thing, but it reminds us that in the Bayesian of Iraq won't necessarily be a cakewalk. Moreover, a general who participated says that the war game was stoodled with in ways that raised questions about whether the government is returning to a Vietnam style over optimism in myopia. The game, Millennium Challenge 2002, was the largest such simulation ever held involving 13,500 people. It began key participants say with the Americans confidently assuming that they could intercept enemy communications and predict enemy movements. But the enemy didn't cooperate. It used motorcycle careers instead of radio and electronic messages and set orders as code words and certainly called a prayer. And this went right by the American intelligence analysts. The upshot was that the enemy sank much of the American fleet. Much of the American fleet is the exercise open. Oops. It shows that a relatively primitive or unsophisticated enemy can find ways to surprise you. Said Robert Oakley, a member of veteran American ambassador who played the role of the enemy leader in the war games. Millennium Challenge was not directly about Iraq. It was scripted as a war against Iran set in 2007. Moreover, a lot of who's saying best options were not available to the enemy. As the war games did not permit terrorist attacks in America, Shelling of Israel, use of chemical or biological weapons or urban fighting. Still. The $135.00 exercise should teach his one clear lesson relating to Iraq, hubris kills. This was a simulation, so the Pentagon miraculously be constituted to some complete attack again. That standard for war games were the idea not just to win, but also to test equipment and concepts. But the absurdism got worse. The people running the war games even order the enemy to pull its forces back in order to allow American units to land safely according to Paul van Riper, a retired Marine Lieutenant General who played the enemy's military commander. Then I asked the use chemical weapons General van Riper recalled that was refused. The people running the war games even order the enemy to disclose some of its troop locations so that the Americans could find them General van Riper said. And when the enemy figured out how to move its chemical weapons around, so that the Americans couldn't find them, that caused problems for this simulation, so control of the chemical weapons was handed over to the Americans who then managed to destroy them. Fauxkut. Yeah, here you go, just start, okay. We'll destroy him. The Pentagon view of the exercise not surprisingly is more glowing. U.S. technology and coordination shine, and U.S. crossed the enemy in the end. General Peter Pace, vice chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff indicated that such war games are artificial scenarios, than inevitably require a certain amount of unreality like reviving the dead. I absolutely believe that it was not a rig general, Pace said, allowing the enemy to use chemical weapons against the Americans he said would have disrupted the interaction size and added to its expense. Okay, it's true that war games are not hell. The test will be whether the Pentagon studies the mistakes made, applies the lessons to Iraq planning and six fins into bushes, who are reasonably overconfident about Iraq. I asked General Van Rye for if the war game should make us nervous. There's an unfortunate culture developing in the American military that maybe should make unervous. He said, I don't see the rich intellectual discussions that we had after Vietnam. I see mostly slogans, cliches, and unreadable materials. General Van Rye for a said, the move reminded him of the mindset in Vietnam, excessive faith in technology, inadequate appreciation of the fog of war, lack of understanding of the enemy and simple hubris. Nice stuff. I'm a whip on Iraq. Says Nick Christoff. I'm in favor of invading, but only if we can win easily. So can we? I feel reassured if the decision to invade was being made honestly after a rigorous weighing of all the risks. Instead, I detected Cheery Vietnam style faith that obstacles can be assumed away that only works in war games he said. Very good. Huh? You feel confident now? Oh yeah. Boy, this is also depressing. Well, you know something, if you want to put your head in the stand like a freaking ostrich, just go right ahead. There's plenty of sand in South Florida, and you've got plenty of company. Do you mind? Yes. 279 votes on the pool. What do you think is going to happen on this coming Wednesday, 9-11 on the anniversary? Nothing unusual, 166, almost 60%. I have no idea, 95, 34%. Another terrorist attack, 18, the longer six and a half percent. 11 Pashton, a QM, we got the mad dog coming up on a clock this afternoon who is trying very hard to keep his Johnson straight. Which probably ain't easy with all the excitement about that first regular season game coming Sunday? Him and Mo working together. The other stuff was like an exercise, you know, like what I just talked about. But him and Mo on the first regular season game, the pressure is going to be so strong, we'll be able to smell it miles away. Speaking of being able to smell it, the humidity and the heat are enough to make you pass out and so forth. But, and of course, it's already really September. But, here's the product that will help you feel good and then a think of good health all year round. And that's Olio Man. It's got the best olive oil on the Sun on course for centuries now, mankind is known that olive oil is one of the best things on the face of the globe. Olio Man is a soft self-cancellant. You just pop it in your pussy. It's got the best olive oil you'll find anywhere in there along with vitamins and minerals and robles to promote health for all different parts of your body. There's one product specifically designed for your prostate. One designed to help your heart. One for your blood pressure, your cholesterol, your circulatory system, your digestive and inner systems, your skin bones, and one even for your mind. All using the benefits of pharmaceutical grade olive oil and Olio Man's products for men and you ladies out there as well all for you. Olio Man's available at Walgreens picked up up today, Whole Food Markets, or by the way at the end of passions today, the least walks in just as what's his name. I'm Thonyall and it's about to hop on Sheridan's bones. Olio Man's available at Walgreens, Whole Food Markets, and Royal Pharmacy and Sonanos that takes two penis exciting effective new product. If you want to find out more about where you get it and what it is and what it does, call their toll free number and ask all the questions you be having. Call 1-86-Olio Man. That's 1-86-Olio Man or the product on the website if you prefer at OlioMetamerica.com. Olio Man's available at Walgreens, Whole Food Markets, Whole Food Markets, and Royal Pharmacy and Royal Pharmacy. So that the Lord even loves the Orojors. Tired of the same boring old community in Wafers and Holiday Mass, open wide and prepare to receive thy Savior. On Jesus' Mother-Omelie, wait for the GAN! Now, Billy, this isn't just any wafer. It's not? No, for the Divine Miracle of Tran Substantiation, I've turned this ordinary wafer into the Divine Blessed Body of Christ. Why does a body of Christ have to taste so yucky? Spice of your next communion with new Christ's Arony. Christ's Arony is a special blend of rice, spices, and seasonings, a lot of bit of the body of Christ in every fluffy forkful. And Christ's Arony cooks up perfect every time. As you should. Mmm, can I have some more Christ's father? That's Christ Arony, Billy. Amen to that. Christ Arony, the trans of Stantiation Tree. 1215 at 5.60, WQAM. How's the o Weather today? You can be scared of nice day today. No. Oh. So I want to say again that there's almost not a cloud in this kind of sunny and about 77. It's going to be the hydaday. I can tell you what it is right now. You want to know? No. Air quality index is good. The UV index is 6.0. It's like the water range sunny and here comes the temperature. Any second now? Sunny in the 24. 75 right now. 24 Celsius. Got it? Nothing. We want to rub it in. Me and my blooper down my shoulder. There's another one. I got to play that. You know, I just have to play. It's a good time. No, I'm just, I just love that bit. You probably don't like it. No, I like it. I play the several times. Did you really? Sure. Primis. Oh, here's, now this is a terrible. This is, this is pathetic. But again, you know, in the world where a human life is like cockroaches, boy 14 shot and killed by police officers inside church after pointing BB gun officers. You want to do that again? I'm sure you won't. Albuquerque, New Mexico. A 14 year old boy said he was possessed by demons. Went to church for help. But was shot by police after pointing what turned out to be a BB gun officers authority said. Dominic Montoya came to Taylor Ranch back this church looking for prayer. Said Minister of Education Cindy Harrison. He said he'd been having some struggles all the way up to town and that he was possessed by demons and why did prayer are needed to help Harrison told the Albuquerque Tribune. He looked very troubled. Harrison said the choir directors wife sat down and prayed with Montoya, but then noticed he had a gun. She got the attention of her husband who was in the church's worship center with her two young children he called police. Detective Jeff Arbolgas said when officers arrived Montoya pointed a BB gun to them and was shot twice in the abdomen. Police said earlier threatened his mother neighbors and church members with the same gun. His mindset is really unclear Arbolgas said. Retryne Ronda Stan why he did what he did. Police have been caught earlier by Montoya's mother who told them she and her three year old child had fled their home after Montoya put it a BB gun in her and threatened and threatened her. Our Arbolgas said. Officers went to the home where neighbors told them Montoya ended their home threatened them with a gun and left. About an hour later police received a call from the church about a teenager with a gun. Arbolgas said the officers didn't know was the same boy involved in the earlier threats. Three officers were played on a place on paid leave for three days standard proceed your after shootings involved in police. I've got to say. Pretty pathetic. Said. Said. Speaking of said. Overlaf is more yield energy papers my peat. Yose from the AP. Siding congressional concerns vice president Dick Cheney in a White House are refusing to turn over information to lawsuit against the Bush administration's energy task force. In court papers filed this week to just the department said requiring Cheney's energy task force to produce documents and provide written answers to duty to watch in the C. Orcum. What interfered with the executive branches authority to give the president confidential advice. Further responses by Cheney in the task force would impose upon the executive unconstitutional burdens the justice department wrote. Just as far much a course of John Aschraught. The information the two private groups are seeking is under the direct control of a nirfor from the president of the United States of America for which it stands. One nation yati yati. The anxious judicial watch in the C. or club or tremor in the details of industry influence on the national energy plan that Cheney's task force formulated more than a year ago. The results of that plan a comprehensive energy package are before a House Senate conference committee. You don't think that the big business influence that energy plan do you? No. I sure don't. The White House's move will require further rulings by U.S. to reject Emmett Sullivan awarded evidence gathering to proceed in the suits. The judge has said he wants the process to be focused to avoid raising constitutional issues. Sullivan had given him a House bill two day to file objections. The next year in the scheduled for September 13 which is next Friday. We from the day. They're not telling nobody. Printable of accused priests is placed on paid leave and maybe shouldn't it totally not neither. Because that's the way it works. A Catholic school principal from Queens, which he was to inform her past, who was to inform her past, refinance and sexual wrongdoing was put on an unpaid leave of absence just hours before the new school year started on Wednesday. The principal Barbara Semide of St. Elizabeth School and ozone park. We were talking about ozone earlier. Remember that? Yes. The not about ozone park. Was the ordered leave a 3 p.m. on Tuesday just after telling church officials she revealed more about the former pastor. She was ordered leave the school immediately if not sooner and was prohibited from entering school property for the rest of her indefinitely. This is a Catholic school. Roman Catholic church officials said that they were only responding to Mrs. Semide's request. In a letterday dollar August 29 she had to be transferred from the school or she's been principle for two years or placed on paid leave of absence. She sent you felt so upset by the situation but endanger her health to continue as principal. Mrs. Semide's lawyer Michael Dauze and however she was moved his retribution. Call her what you will she was fired, Mr. Dauze. Her threat to expose more of what happened to her at St. Elizabeth's result in the victim of these despicable acts being attacked yet again. Mrs. Semide said that as late as Tuesday morning when she met with returning teachers for several hours she had received no reply from officials and so was prepared to continue as principal. After the faculty meeting Mrs. Semide said she had to speak with a present pastor to Reverend Stephen A. Ferrari. One of her kind of car he drives. She told him she played the remainder complaint of sexual harassment against the former pastor to Reverend John Thompson to include charges of the physical abuse and sexual assault. But my life words to father Ferrari were I'm staying here she said. A few hours later her lawyer's got a fact notice that he was being put on unpaid leave immediately if not sooner. Mrs. Semide said she was devastated by literally the most she'd asked for a transfer or paid leave. I told him that a priest was stealing money and abusing me so I'm either victim now. Mrs. Semide said why are they doing this to me? See the way they always do this? Then we turn it around. Father Ferrari of course did not return to call seeking comment. The assistant principal member of the faculty will fill in for Mr. Semide. Mrs. Semide's departure is the second time in the last few months that St. Elizabeth has been engulfed by controversy. In June Mrs. Semide went to the district attorneys office saying that father Thompson had used as much as $300,000 in parish funds to support his openly gay lifestyle. Which he said included allowing a gay teenager live with him for time in the first rectum rate. A grand jury is investigating that no charges have yet been brought against father Thompson or resigned from his parish in March. But officials of the ICs have broken say the expect charges soon. They're also set official announced that school funds were on account for but far less than what she said that big. That's from a making great. How do you like that? So it's quite a ball line dog and pony show and it's quite a ball line crap they put on in Dallas and in Rome and it's still the same old deal. So we found out the carpet. Even if people had tried concepts couldn't get all that crap out of the carpet. You know what I'm talking about? Couldn't do it. That's where it is when it's out. Sweep it out. Revised 9-11 flag restrictions announced for those of you who are going to be flying. You know we took that poll and of course they did it up that day. There aren't going to be too many people flying 9-11. That's why they're offering those free fares and dollar fares etc. The federal government yesterday announced flag restrictions coinciding with public ceremonies at three September 11 crash sites. The temporary rules are less rigid than those presented the aviation industry last week. They proposed a lot of band internationally owned airlines from flying over the starts on the anniversary of the terrorist. They went ballistic by the way in Europe. Yeah. K-L-M. British-Scare. Air France and your fans. They all went nuts. The rules limit flying within a 34-and-a-half-mile radius of the events sites below 18,000 feet. Passengers on commercial airlines were required to remain seated for 30 minutes after takeoff and 30 minutes before landing in the three areas. And if you got a flag. Private flag will be banned when some cases limited to aircraft operating under some in flight rules. The flight is in flight. The flight is in flight. The flight is in flight. The flight is in flight. The flight is in flight. The flight is in flight. The flight is in flight. The flight is in flight. The flight is in flight. The flight is in flight. The flight is in flight. The flight is in flight. The flight is in flight. The flight is in flight. The flight is in flight. The flight is in flight. All in here is another one of those pre-stories. Jesus, God Almighty, you know what? Every time I take another peak here is another one. This is from Illinois. The biases of P.O.A. and a former priest to accuse each other of lying in statements to the media regarding a defamation lawsuit. The priest filed after his accused of sexually abusing girls. So we seem to be having a rush on these now with females. Trying to balance it out. About 10. That's bad. Edward in the bush, 71 was on a 7th pre-stance to step down an April and the allegations he's suing for more than $50,000 in damages that we said he only wants to clear his name. Among other things Bush complained to suit file Wednesday. They was never told to the allegations or given a chance to defend himself and to victim suffer from repressed memories. Bishop Daniel Janky and Vice Chancellor Patricia Gibson said in their statement yesterday. They discussed the charges with Bush he never denied them. They also said he agreed to resign from act of ministry. He said a change of fate. Janky said he is staff and review board for credible accusations made by two of the women who claim Bush abused them in grade school. He knows who the victims are in details of the accusations against a mischievous comic. Hips and B.S. and Bush's lawyers said the church officials yesterday statement might become part of his claims defamation lawsuit. The press released not only contains many inaccuracies, but also statements that further into my client's good reputation attorney Aldo Bottie said. The lawsuit names the thy seat in church officials as defendants. Who do you believe? I think you're all full of crap. I don't believe. Internet group. Internet freedom also victim of September 11th group says. Paris. Security measures have curbsabber space so much since these September love of the tax that the Internet can be counted among the collateral damage caused that day. A worldwide media watchdog group he's saying yesterday. The Paris based reporters without borders group RSF said in a report that Western countries formally concerned about press freedom. Use last year's attacks as a pretext. The curb basic freedoms are cracked down on domestic opponents. New laws extended the extending the data is held by Internet service providers. ISPs and making that available to intelligence services has many ends to make ISPs and talking to the case in companies into a potential arm of the police RSF and Robert Minarza is a word missing there. The US Britain France Germany's faintedly Denmark the European Parliament. The Council of Europe and the G8 nations have all challenged. The US government has all challenged. Several freedoms over the past year when our Senate report is coming to report. Citizens in Europe and elsewhere would be outraged if their government's blood police routinely read letters sent to their postal services. These are exactly the kind of measures that have been taken or taken concerning the Internet. We need to be much more vigilant. Visual. Visalant. Among the laws RSF criticized as curbing Internet rights were the UN Security Council resolution 1373 and fighting terrorism. The USA Patriot Act and amendments tightening European Union rules on protecting electronic data. The USA Patriot Act let the FBI monitor email traffic of people suspected of contacts with a foreign power but messages from innocent private citizens have been intercepted. The RSF reports said, maybe there were people of interest. Do you think that could be it? Could be. In Britain the RSF reports said police in many cases no longer need prior approval from a judge to monitor financial transactions at private email online. Francis given judges the part or email messages to be decoded and encryption from stand over their codes so authorities can read email. Police can also make remote online searches via the records. Germany is given its intelligence services unlimited access to the police database and given both more access to telephone and network of suspected persons. Italy is rules for Internet surveillance and greatly increased the number of police and security officials authorized to do so. In the as prevention terrorism ordinance authorized the government to monitor email with no prior permission and use the evidence is found in court cases. RSF said the current Danish president wants to be e-U to apply telephone companies and ISPs to retain all traffic records so security services could consult them. If necessary. In other words they're watching us. Oh, brother, baby. They're all over your ass. 1227 at 560 WQA and VIP Sports Book.com is an amazing thing for you. You want to know why? Because VIP Sports Book.com is the only sports book in the universe to be endorsed by each and every one. All the industry watched our groups since 1996. That's what Gary started told me. You know what else he said? What? Because you see no time news recently. If you said you can look for you just won't find a better overall sports book than VIP Sports Book.com. But maybe you're looking for more than just a world of basketball that offers you 24 hour VIP service and the safety of a leader. How about this? How about the highest probably words? Anywhere you'll find up to 2001 minimum vegetable. The box and free withdraws 24 hours a day and a 15% cash bonus ended that first deposit as well. And this isn't some jugable located like in the Enemies world or like in Jacksonville. This is Dusk based VIP Sports Book.com where you're treated with class and your money is safe or like in Loots. Sign up online and get you a 15% cash bonus ended you were cut or column at 866 VIP Bet even a call is free. One, 866 VIP Bet's. Easy to get started. Just go to VIP Sports Book.com and don't forget when you sign up online you get you that 15% cash bonus VIP Sports Book.com where you be the VIP. Why? Local. We're sports video 560s. You a. You a.m. You call this big market radio? I sir. Mr. Mouse. What the hell are you doing to me? What do you mean sir? Why am I reading in the paper? You're going to put a Disney theme park in Brooklyn? Well sir we're just scouting locations. Jesus. I'm scouting CEOs. You are killing me. But sir look who we've done with New York City Times Square. Point out. Point out. In on. Raven. Raven. Turn off the vacuum cleaner. Ravens. Get the blue burn all of here. Okay. I sir. But sir look who we don't admit down Manhattan. 40 second treat is incredible. I know what publicly I support it that. But you took all the porn away. You're killing me. I'm going through a game of scouting like kids. We're just scouting areas calm down. What's going to be bought lunch? Don't tell me to calm down. We got lucky with Leelo and Stitch. $128 million. No. You're trying to ruin the whole of the network. We're kind of programming are you running? No. Hang on a minute. The. The. You. Green. Yeah. Just a blue burn crap all over your shoulder. It's. Wait yourself up for heaven's sake. And can't open. You. Good. God. Sir. The network is fine. Why couldn't you come up with American Idol. Good. God. You're still running James Bob movie. They're 60 years old. Why don't you just put steam. Both will be on and be done with it. We say we make a couple of damn dollars. Well the the movie division's fine. You mentioned Leelo and Stitcha now. We have the new M. No. Come on. We'll be coming. I'll leave it. I'm sorry. What the hell does that mean? Stop. You got a spec swing in some of these titles. Pass me. Please. Reem. Reem. Reem. Here you go. I know you can't hear me. Reem. You're still running the fucking square. Yes. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. Oh, right. I sir. Yes. I'd be very careful. The next time I started my car. Why were you? What do you mean? I'm about done with you. What? I've done. I'm in your job. But sir. You're terrible. I'm sorry. Maybe I'll put Reem is in there. I don't like to be president of Disney Reem. Oh, man. What a wonderful day. Get out of here. You're not back. Prof. D. 3 at 560 90. Do you notice that this facts that you just sent to me the from on the headline of the letterhead? Yeah. Yeah. Bush program. Right. It came from power 96. Somebody facts that to them. I think. Oh, I see. Well, you can send power 96 all the jibbers. Proper game that you want. I'd like to point out the word was sent that facts in the Harold endorsed bill McBride. Okay. I saw that crap in there today. I better think more important things to talk about. That when there is a hypocrite. They're all full of crap. Okay. But he's your ancient bush. I'll tell you that we love Bill McBride. Oh, we love Janet too. You know, she's okay for an old chickie. You know, nothing personal. But the fact is she can't win the election. She hasn't got a Chinaman's chance. So that's why we really love Bill McBride. Because I think that to be in a good old boy that he is. He could. He could. And then that's why they're crappin' their pants. That's why they ran those anti-micrides. But because the Bush people are crappin' a big, a big, smelly pile man. I don't see any, the running in the anti-genit spots. And that amazing here. The people who stole the election. That damn bitch in Palm Beach to resell a poor that bitch. It's still a, her job, the butterfly ballot bitch. And Katherine Harris gets to be warned that now she's going to be a winning a guy damn political seat. What does that all about? And of course, you know, she'll win because if she doesn't she's still win. Right. She'll probably get a phone call like two in a morning. I don't mind. That's over one. And they ask issues. And now you're kind of like this, but I don't care. I'm going to get this in before the weekend. And that book again, eating a line. I know. I'm fat. And I've as fat as I used to be. But I'm trying. I'm working hard at it. And I got all this guy named me used this Candida. And you know what we never got? We never got a fact about the name negative. I think. Well, what does wrong with these people out there? You think it would be a time. I bet you're pardoned. You got lots of time before you get back in town. Oh, you want to get one for up there right now? No, no, no. The ones I get up here. I'll have a shift here. In fact, I'll get him from inside Canada. And then that was still out easier. Then they don't have to pay those name out. Registres, uh, customers fees. You follow what I'm saying? I'm furler. Don't you think there's plenty of companies up here that make that crappy because you're out there. But at any rate, no, I'm talking about just in general. I've got to go to gotten some info on that. But that's okay because we did get a lot of good stuff on the effects machine. I just thought don't take man. Don't think. NAS. You know what the NAS is? No. Issues new dietary guidelines. It's the National Academy of Sciences. Oh, that was sweeping new nutritional recommendations issued yesterday by the National Academy of Sciences. Double the amount of exercise American should have daily. No. After previous guidelines about fact can something emerge more fiber in the diet. Now, you know, something this goes to show you how full of crap they are, okay? Because I've just got through reading an extensive article about how a more fiber in the diet has will do nothing to prevent colon cancer or all these other things that's supposed to do. Right? That's a pile of crap, okay? That makes me want to barf my, and you see how many things that have happened today. They want to make me puke. Mm-hmm. God, you wait to want a clock and going to be like, all over the place. Now, actually, I'm not. I'm going to go out and get some deli. That's in honor of Russia, Shawna. And you're on kipper. Good. In fact, next week on you're on kipper. I'm going to go out. I'm not going to fast. I'll go out and eat deli again. What's wrong with that? There you go. You go to kishki. You can go to eat the bread. Anyway, cut back on foods with that. A sugar, including soft-race candy and paste-rease. The voluminous report also says, broad new targets for how many calories do we base daily and part on physical activity and establishes the first recommended diet to relances for carbohydrates. And by the way, this eating alive, too, by Dr. John Maston, Matt Whatever's name is. Maston. Refined carbohydrates. Man, he attacks them all the way through the book. Rips him an ass. Rips them a major, major ass. Refined carbohydrates, trans fatty acids. And you're going to go out and get french fries. I can smell it. I know. I know right now. Just out of spite because you wrote a militant little spick. After the show, you're going to get in that car wash right over the guy that McDonald. I don't know. And order like that away. If I can probably go to Wendy's and get five orders of Biggie fried. I'll do you hit there for that. No, nasty. No. We'll see maybe that's why they had that Biggie fried thing. They figured if they can't make them good at least give you a whole bunch of minigames. Yeah, that's good luck. It also establishes the, well, wait a minute. Let me go back. Both adults in children could soon at least 130 grams a day of carbohydrates. 130 grams a day of carbohydrates. Oh my god, are you ready for this? That doesn't say we didn't say we find. It also establishes the first recommended intake for two healthy fats that appear to help reduce sudden death from heart disease. Oh, known as polyunsaturated fats. These beneficial fats can't be manufactured by the body and need to be in every day. Food sources include milk, baby, or DV. three square meals and they're a little pyramid, you know, uh, come on. They know nothing. And you want to know why they don't want to tell you nothing because it's bad for business. Mm-hmm. Just like you know that if you ever seen a spot on TV from Cheerios, where he talks about it's going to help him live longer. Oh, yeah. The father's talking was a little kid. Oh, yeah, I'm going to increase my, uh, decrease my chance of heart disease. I'm going to live longer in the lower my cholesterol with Cheerios. In the meantime, what they're eating there is all God damn refined carbohydrates. And they let that go on the air. And then they're all pissed off about Miss Cleo. I got news for him. Miss Cleo at least was fun and had a little bit of honesty. They're in the bottom of the screen and very very tiny. Friends said this is a hoax and if you call this number you're an asshole, but we'll take your money anyway. At least they're honest about that. But these pellers of poison, man, and that's what they are POP. Pellers of poison. They're killing us, including me. A addictive crap. And I don't see the difference. Nick, a teen in cigarettes gets you hooked on faggots, right? Right? And the same thing with a sugar when all these then most of it is hidden sugar right. They put sugar in ketchup. They put it in God damn Miss Pogetti sauce. Airbie, David, six of them in your. Right. And by the way, I should put out he says in here that except for what was the one I told you before the show. A state of stavio. S.D. E. V.I.A. I got right here as a matter of fact. He said that one doesn't taste, doesn't feed the yeast and it doesn't cause an increase in blood sugar levels and doesn't promote decay, etc. and so on. And he points out that anything any form, fructose, any lactose, any kind of sugar, including even a one to anything that ends in, uh, oh, oh, oh, right. Multitall, sorbitall, all these things. Fad poison. That's what he says. I rest my case. And you know something maybe that's why we need that stuff. Here is your guts. Maybe your body's trying to tell you something. Sorbitall, man. Poison. Manitall, multitall, sorbitall. Craft. That's all. Craft it all. And you will. Oh, believe me. You'll crap like you. Now if you have problems I told you before. I don't know why my mind. In fact, much I'm going over to my mother's house. And bring a couple of boxes of those died candies, you know, the ones that are loaded with multitall. Oh, she have a smile on her face. What do we busy? What she making for lunch. I have fact I think maybe you and Rimmer can go over there. Number can buy you lunch in my mom. Twenty-two-one at five. By the way, thanks to Ferrell. I got my peas Ferrell where my she's great. And also did I mention the doctor, Hampe called the house yesterday? No. Of course, the show at the power of the show. Not only would we get the website on their chains at the Sun Sentinel because of Tom Dick is in Burstner with his cooking show listings, but also Dr. Hampe, because I just mentioned her name and passing the other day. Yeah. And two people talked to her and mentioned that I was taken Afron, which ends a nose spray, taking up the nose. And so she called the house told John Mala, be sure in the internet. Don't worry, Doc. Okay. I'm fine. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I know some people. What? That nose spray is addictive. I know nose spray. I am not addicted to nose spray. We both know people who have been addicted to nose spray. We usually have a trail of bottles of nasal spray all over the goddamn station lawn in the old days gone by. But that wasn't me. Who's talking about the old days? Yeah. I'm not addicted to Afron. Believe me. Well, 19, we better get going here because the man dog don't want to wait. 19 to 1 at 5.60 QAM. Hey, the people at Dalamatras are waiting for you to talk to him. And order you a great brand new name brand mattress. And you should if the old one is worn out and they don't last forever. Even if you have the best mattress in the world, I'll tell you right now they don't last forever. And the way you tell is if you're not going to good night's sleep anymore, if it's lumpy and bumpy in the mattress to pick up the phone and call the people you're going to love doing business with. Like I've been doing for years. Dalamatras 1 800 mattress just that one simple easy call even a moron can dial that number. And all you do is talk to people that are going to hook you up with exactly what you're looking for. The top brands in the world. No bait and switch. No Afronia, the only stuff exactly what you order is what you'll get. See the sort of Simmons King coil. You know, I love all of those names, whichever one you like the best, whichever kind of mattress you want. That's what you're going to get. And of course, they deliver once convenient for you. Any to our window seven days a week. 10 to noon 11 to 1 1 to 3 3 to 5 4 to 6. You follow good. So pick up that phone right now. Tell them that old Neil pointed to you. Call them. Don't forget about that 30 day in-home comfort guarantee to it. Let's you test it out the real way for as long as up to a month in your home. 1 800 mattress for a good night's sleep for years to come 1 800 mATT RES or check them out on that wicked worldwide web at mattress.com. My life and low all this is 4 20 5 60. Wait, wait, wait. Now, there's a healthy way to eat breakfast at Denny. Welcome to Denny. Can you take your order? Yeah, I think I'll have the brand slam breakfast, please. Sure thing, introducing the brand slam breakfast at Denny. It's a brand new twist on an old favorite. You'll get two brand muffins, two bowls of raisin brand, two stacks of home style brand cakes and a jumbo glass of brand berry juice cocktail. This brand slam breakfast is delicious. I've never tasted anything so... I'll be right back. The brand slam breakfast really gets you going in the morning. Can I help you? I really need to use the last room. Oh, I'm sorry, sir. There's a 30 minute light to be faded. Jump your old breakfast habit and take a healthy one with the brand slam breakfast at Denny. How far do you think? I can remember that experience at Denny's as a matter of fact. When an Oakland, let's not talk about it. Why not? Let's not. Anyway, the people don't know nothing about it. In fact, remember there were people dying from brand when it used to be fashionable a few years ago, but people would be sprinkling brand many years ago. Okay, I used to buy a bag of brand and then a chimera brand on their cereal on this and put it in their meat on their own. I don't even stick in brand in your meat. Anyway, if you don't drink it off water with brand, you know how it's like a fixing your throat and stuff like people were a token of death on it. People were dying from it. So that whole thing about fiber and all it will prevent the colon cancer and is, well, guess what? Guess what? They changed their mind. See all of these claims that they come up. Just like with milk. There's no reason for human beings to be drinking cow's milk. Is there any other creature on a face of the globe that drinks another animal's milk? No, of course not. Oh, but milk is good for it. It builds a strong butt. What about Wonder Bread that kills the kills wrong bodies? They're wonderful. Yeah, White Bread, poison, pure on a dollar. It's like eaten cotton. It's like reaching into Marlon Brando as mouthwised, filming a godfather and stuck on that cotton. By the way, do you know he was pissed off? Remember one Michael? That is a chin busted by McCloskey. Yeah, what about it? Well, he had a barra have the cotton and is remember. Oh, you can't wait. You can't wait. You're stupid. You're stupid, personal. EPA says diesel exhaust from large trucks and other sources probably cause cancer. Oh, yeah. Diesel exhaust from large trucks and other sources probably cause lung cancer. The EPA concluded Tuesday and a report that buttresses have pushed to reduce truck emissions through restrictive requirements for a cleaner diesel fuel. The EPA report concludes that uncertainty is made about long-term health effective exposure to diesel exhaust. It said, however, that studies involving both tests on animals and occupational exposures and just strong evidence of a cancer risk to humans. Overall, the evidence for a potential cancer hazard to humans resulting from chronic inhalation exposure to diesel emissions is persuasive to the health impact report released by the EPA. So in other words, this probably not a good idea to be sitting in traffic behind a bunch of diesel crap? No. What about school buses that have torn out that crap out of the air? No question. Do you ever get stuck behind one of those traffic? When you just nagging? nagging? Because you're conditioning of course in the cars, brings in all that air from the outside. We circulate it, baby. Oh, God, you're like gagging on it. I think the only thing worse than diesel fuel or diesel dikes, that's what the genitude. EPA administrator, Christy, women repeatedly is promised to go ahead with the tempered diesel rules last month. The White House approval, the EPA rebuffed it tends to buy some diesel engine manufacturers to postpone the requirements of who we knew penalties against by manufacturers will fail to meet not covered deadline for making cleaner burning truck engines. Well, isn't that something? That's quite sweet. Wow, of course, what do they care about the truckers? You know, they're small potatoes. Patriots is a may-raise voter turnout. Oh, here we go. And image flashes of firefighter's gripping in American flag over the side of the Pentagon, and an answer says Dreamers live at Heroes die for it, all the freedom, all the promise, all the powers in your hands use it vote. It's a television ad put out by Ohio Secretary of State, part of a get-out-to-vote campaign by election officials and interest groups, hoping to use patriotic feeling you're here after the terrorist attacks as a remedy for chronically low-imbearacing low voter turnout. I think I voted last year and 2000. I think I'm not sure though. I was there. Traditional appeals to patriotism normally aren't very effective, but I think this year they're going to be a lot of software flapping around September. There may be an impact as K. Albuquerque Communication Director of the National Association of Psychiatrists of State. And of course, if a whole bunch of people turn out as special like in Broward. That should make for a real picnic, bring your own ants and tablecloth. The attacks made people want to do something, she says. So your club executive director Carl Pope agreed. We all need to re-engage in politics, blindly, new home tourism, and the new patriotism in a way new democracy you said, until they take us away and put us in one of those camps. The Sierra Club is running as in a dozen states saying that since nine 11 more people have sought solace in wild places, and now have the opportunity at the Battle Pox to protect those places and demonstrate their patriotism. I spent a few months in a wild place last the year. Amsterdam. Land of the Red Light and Blue where we treasure wilderness and celebrate spacious skies. We all care about our country. Now we need candidates who will care for our country the edge, say. And of course, the obvious question is, where do we find them? Here are the 15 votes on our poll. As we approach that day, man, as the media starts building up in a just a phenomenal feeding frenzy with 75 million hours. And they had a blurb on here before on CNN about these psychologists recommend that your children not be exposed to excessive hours of viewing all these grotesque events and rehashing over and over again. Right. And of course, if it's not good for children, it probably is a good idea for most adults to be like, you know, subjecting themselves to a reliving those horrors over and over. You follow what I'm saying? Walleron. Have you seen that that second plane go to the South Tower often enough to anything? No, one more time. Maybe one more time. We need to see it. Just like, and you know, something maybe they could combine those the highlights with the doggy snuff films on CNN. You know what? Something they have exclusive to the entire thing. Puppy snuff films on CNN. Certainly not news. We have what we got. That thing is a 116 votes. What are you thinks going to happen this year on 9 11, which is next Wednesday, only five days away. Nothing unusual. 1092 over 60 percent. Almost 61 percent. I have no idea. 153.2 percent. A third of the audience. You turn and another terrorist attack 19, 6 percent of people inhabit every pain. Run. I've had to wait over a year and a half to see if that Russian guy's dead But when I turn on the tube, I'm sure getting screwed because they're showing all this instead Gumbagumbar alala Gumbar alala Where the hell are the super-dinos man? I've waited too long for this thing I wanna see party and still the owner in the back room of the fight of being No It's been so long since the last episode There's so many things I forgot Did Paul and get waxed? His furios smoking crack And his Tony still sails us to go You guys So I pick up the latest TV guys And that's when I start feeling fine Think got HBO's bringing back the day goes Each and every Sunday and nine Oh, right Oh, it's season 4 All the sopranos man You think they're bringing it back If I had to wait even one second more I'd have my cable guy waxed Yeah, I'll take a look at him So, I'll bring it time, ain't it? Anyway, we had a little battle of the buttons going on I was kind of cute For 50 or 70, 50 WCOM You know, one of the movie channels on my digital cable I don't know why, but they have a different episode of that on every night And they're promoting the new season coming I don't know what that's all about is it one of many many HBO's Hmm, I don't know Because they might be doing a recap Because here they don't call the HBO it's called M1 and I do I don't know Traditionally before the new season starts they show a lot of the old ones So I saw 30 seconds of another episode last night Did I watch it? Oh, no, I just can't get in here I'm sorry I'm just one I don't know, there's one guy in there with her old guy What a real bad hairpiece and I keep thinking about it I'm going to have to turn it off And then I tried it again two days ago And he had, there was another guy with a bad hairpiece And I started to think about Mow I started snapping my burrow close veins And I don't even have any Anyway, I never got to this the other day This was yesterday's hero and it's got to get him before the end of the week This is from the Washington Post David Broder Simple to the worst statesman Professors view of Bushbury The people who teach instead of the presidency find George W. Bush of Puzzleman More than 20 of the merciless person Now the performance on panels At the Labor Day Week in convention of the American Political Science Association Their provisional assessments ranged from simple thin To the strength and purposefulness of Harry Truman or Ronald Reagan Simplistic one-dimensional lacking the analytical and intellectual skills the office needs A Dan Quail and Cheeps clothing said Michael's interviews A loyal and mermaute university But emotionally secure while organized staff by able competent experience people Not visionary but current specific in his goals A political natural is just a great greenstein a prince and university So you figure out what it is you just keep going The more the more ensued I remind you of Anyway, 126 votes on the poll What do you think is going to happen next Wednesday? 9-11 200 people 200 even I like that nothing unusual 107 said I have no idea Just like I said news said how do we know And I'm going to change it one more time Quick, quick, quick And 19 people 5.7% said another terrorist attack Oh, okay, sure Well happy new year all day I mean all you Jewish folks out there and you all And since we got the mad dog coming up next big game this weekend Baby you can smell the pressure building out Bye bye You're welcome No, I'm five six six Don't need two way out My name is Fort Lauderdale I'm home