Mother's on that tomorrow. To borrow the one year anniversary of 9-11. Collected thoughts, remember where you were a year ago. We're going to be speaking to somebody from latter 11-18. One of the first-ingered the D-first-ingered company to go into the World Trade Center. And we'll be speaking with the wife of a guy that I know who perished in 9-9-11 of the World Trade Center. So that's coming up tomorrow for a creeper and for the beast and Goldie Howard David. Have a nice day in paradise, everybody on QAM. Take a bite of the most. It's the South Florida's only real 48-year-old. You can weigh 100 mAh. And how come I don't do that? You want to cast constations. And we'll use QAM.com. How would you work technical progress possible? Pretty unusual for us, but... But... At... Hank, if I had to pick... It's just watching practice every day and stuff that I do. An MVP of this training camp, it'd be Chad Morden right now. We said an incredible camp. On offense every time he touches the ball he's doing a great job. And I've got him returning kickoff from me. He's involved in a punt return. He's covering kickoff. He's playing everything. So we've increased his role. Oh, blow! And soda, the boo! Oh! Question. Tell me what you think about me. I got that gold change in the press YT. I'm sorry on my cellion. I'm feeling on it. And when it's all over, I just pop and leave. Question. If you think you'll even now miss, You better think twice because you ain't this missed. Look it. You've got yourself a paranoid tips. Which means I can ride you like a Titanic ship. Yeah, the top of my head may go crazy. But the touch that I wear ain't cheap. You want to sweet memory honey, pop in the bed with me. Yeah, all you women, there's plenty of me. Show your body that may. All your women can't get enough for me. Show your undies that may. Hey, for you honey, I paid good money. Show your brother that may. Just don't hold her that I gave you dollars to hop in the bed there, which may. I know to a 560 WCM. How about those patriots, baby? Alright, thirty to fourteen doesn't even come close. The telling you the nature of the game, it would have been like in ninety to three. Could have been the final score. How about Tommy Brady, baby? I'll tell you one thing. He has a stud. Make no mistake about that. I said, I sat so close to the TV screen last night. He has a stud. I mean, like my eyes are almost they're flaming. You know, what did you just back me this last hour did? I had leave it sitting back there. I started along. I didn't just taxi to effects the mallet once. I see. So in other words, I, well, maybe it was because I sat like an inch away from the TV screen. Checking out Tommy Brady's. He has a stud. I still have that front cover, a sports illustrator. What was the date on this, George? I'm sure you have it. Sports illustrator, Super Bowl MVP, Tommy Brady's right there on a front cover. Naked with a big football in his arms. And then on page thirty five, has that put your picture that is like for the Hall of Fame. Would his head in his hand? And the dimple on his chin? In fact, I had that big picture in Josie theater right in here. I'm going to have to take a pull amongst myself on that deal. The only thing right, speaking of a pull, look at that pull from yesterday. Good, Gully. Hey, what was it for? No, you're not. You're just, must have refreshed before my did. I don't have a thousand fourteen votes. How many you've got? Sixteen. Ah, now, why would that be? Why are you getting lucky? Because it's just alternate. They refresh it at certain rate. So sometimes you'll be ahead, sometimes I'll be ahead. I see. Well, this one, I just clicked the refresh button and this one's taken its damn sweet time. Me too, for some reason. We took a pull yesterday on George and his jaw filling in during the summer. For me, which I thought was by far away his best job. The summer and sputty or horrible calls. There you go. I got a thousand, seventeen. Me too. How did George do filling in for Neil this summer? And we got a battle going on. It's still going on. I'm almost tempted to leave it up there a few minutes. No, seriously. It's within four in terms of what we can get it within. We can get it within fourteen if you leave it up there five more minutes. Well, there was a real, uh, peeing contest going on. We can't say pissing contest. It was like a real, uh, tickling contest going on all evening and night. I mean, when you get over a thousand votes on a weekday pull on this show, you're talking some serious heavy duty. I'll tell you that right now. I'm sure Eric is delighted. Why is that? He's getting all these hits. Yeah. Why he's getting paid by the hit. I'm sure isn't that the way it works. Thousands and seventeen votes. I don't listen when George is on 337. No matter how the actual, you know, total comes. That's a little under a third. You turned. Remember yesterday in the early gun, it was like almost 40%. Right. And I totally, that was because that one guy in the hits you like, poisoned was voting over and over. You know, he was going through the effort of it for a read, diddling it, read, diddling it. I mean, the guy's, um, a basket case. I know this one George is on 337. Excellent job better than ever. 333. Only a four-fold gap. Man, it is so tight. It's tighter than a witch's. It's less. It's less. It's more. Tender than a rimmers wallet. Good 162. Okay. Okay. 96. Week 62 and fear 27. And you didn't think fear deserve to be a category on there. Wait till you're, wait till you're today's poll. What you already did here. But there's so many different shades, uh, because I want to give an opportunity to do their thing. So I guess, I guess that's it for the one from yesterday. I don't see any of the change going on there. No. But seriously, if you add up excellent job better than ever, plus good, plus okay. I mean, you uh, wallet. I mean, only 33.1% didn't listen when you're on, which means that 67% did even to one's just that I was kind of weak. It was a, you know, that's, that's what we're looking for. I mean, if you can keep two thirds of the audience, I mean, it's no Joe's a gagkey, but nevertheless, here's our, look at our 1,000 and 24. Yeah. One big chunk. So there's a lot of people here behind, okay. I don't listen when George is on 3.41 excellent job at an ever 3.35. Like I said, close it out. When it does, let's close it out. Here's the poll for tomorrow. I've heard it for now. Because tomorrow and see, I don't really give a crab. All would be interesting to take the poll because I'm probably going to do it. Unless the poll is just overwhelmingly in one way negative, you know. But I'm not, I'm not just going to go along with a jump on a bandwagon. I'm just not going to be another one of these. I'm not going to do that in addition to which has there been anybody at QAM has Clarence or makefully program director or your close personal friend Greg or even a rape period has anybody dark in that door or you're actually asking. Let's go about it. Yeah, exactly. That would be my response. So, you know, the fact that Kevin Fax, your has this article in the Harold Clear Channel will forgo commercials tomorrow. Who the hell are you people kid? Okay. You're a bunch of ax murdering assholes who've said more people in the back than anybody I've ever seen in my life. And you're going to like make brownie points tomorrow. People are destroying the radio industry from coast to coast. Everybody who ever even owned a little transistor radio knows that. Those are about cheap channel. What she even uses is that term in a goddamn story. Who are you kiddin, Kevin? He's listening right now to the show. Am I right about that? Make no mistake about it. Who are you kiddin, Kevin? But got about it. Right. So anyway, here's the poll question. Because I got a lot of stuff here. I'm going to get all wound up. I'm going to get backed up a little bit. You know what I mean? What do you mean? If Neil plays all comedy bits for us, this is the poll Eric. Pay attention now. Put down the cheese and bacon croissant. If Neil plays all comedy bits tomorrow, 9.11, it would be. And then here's one, two, three, six choices. Wow. We're don't you like that one, you moron? How many do we have yesterday? Oh, look at that. This page cannot be displayed. There must be, there must be a rush. No, seriously, there must be like foaming at the mothigan on to be for we close that out. Not only two more. If Neil plays all comedy bits tomorrow, which is yesterday, I mentioned that. And I'm thinking about doing that tomorrow. Not to be disrespectful. Not because there was anything funny about 9.11. But as a place for people to come, who don't want to be just over one with its more bitty. It's like I hear a mole. Oh, he's going to have this firefighter. And this one, you know, how much of that do we have to hear in C? See, it would be, it would be one thing. If a few days after 9.11 last year, the coverage would have stopped. You know what I'm saying? I don't understand. But there hasn't been a single day that we haven't seen weeping relatives and wives and husbands and daughters. I mean, you know, I'm not, I'm not making light of their suffering or their misery. And the barbarity of the grotesque unacceptable act. I'm certainly not doing that. But when you're inundated with it, it reaches the point of what is there to, uh, keep rehashing again. That's my feeling about it. God damn it. You think I'm ever going to get to this poor one? Oh, just, you know, He goes on one. Guess what? But God about it. If Neil plays all comedy bits tomorrow 9.11, it would be unpatriotic, sensational, boring, disrespectful, better than rehashing last 9.11 or in bad taste. I think personally, that covers it. We could put something on there about Tommy Brady. Yeah, it's not disrespectful and in bad taste kind of snow. Here we go again. No. Okay. Now you're like this. I can get like like fear and the fear and the fear and the fear and the fear. Not that bad. Fear was like, yeah, okay. Costa, Costa, Costa, Costa, Costa. By the way, we decided this morning when a nuclear friend. Seriously, if the criterion is going to be that, you know, countries who are terrorists are going to be the enemy. We're going to nuke them into this donate. The French for decades. Right. As long as I've been alive, they've been notorious. They never met a terrorist that they didn't like. Right. They always give refuge to the unacceptable. The people that nobody else will take in. We're in Roman, Palanso, can you go to any go to France? I think so. I think you're right. Yeah. So they harbor every harbor. Peter files and terrorists and scumbags. And of course, uh, blood. Yeah. And they think that ship, that green piece ship. Right. That's so let's be before we worry about Santa Moushane. Let's move to French. Oh, we're taking it in Paris. Frick and Joccherac. Not to mention, of course, John Cretchen. Frackie. If Neil plays all comedy-bist-run, I love it. We'll be here. The choices again, or if this is the last time because this is getting really pond-risk. On patriotic, sensational, boring, disrespectful, better than rehashing last 9, 11, or in bad taste. Like that. Here's the good. Those. Here's the most important story that I make. No mistake about it. Because you're going to feel a lot better once you know this. American Idol winner, Kelly Clarkson, is still scheduled to sing the National Anthem at a 9, 11 youth gathering in Washington tomorrow. Contrary to some media reports, according to the head of a charitable organization that actor. Oh! She has definitely singing, said Melissa Humbreck, founder and CEO of Champions of Hope, the youth service group that organized the United Day of Service. The ceremony at which Clarkson, 20, will soon conclude the day of service for youth across the country. Persons for maids five to 25 will participate in volunteer projects in their community such as collecting food and cleaning up graffiti. So, Dave DeCico, communications manager for youth services America, which is helping to coordinate the event. Some confusion over Clarkson's status, likely began with several articles that noted that her management company, 19 entertainment, a producer of American Idol, had agreed that the one of the TV competition would sing at the event. The news prompted some criticism that 9, 11 was being commercialized. Oh, God, we don't want to do that. This did not sit well with Clarkson to maintain she wanted to stay away from anything that suggested marketing on 9, 11. If anybody thinks I'm trying to market anything, well that's awful. The New York Times reported to her saying, I'm not going to do it. Not going to shill on 9, 11, in other words. But, a press release issued Monday by 19 management, a division of 19 entertainment, red, Kelly Clarkson will sing the National Anthem 9, 11 and walk to D.C. God, Dammit. As she previously said, she's honored by the invitation. She reports to the contrary, our incorrect Dammit All. You've scumbagged use. So, in that good news, she's been a singer after all. I feel so much better. Good. That's already her on a show to make you feel a little better, lighten it up a little bit. Not to get morbid, not to dwell on all the negativity, not to get mubbed because that's what they wanted. Remember how everybody kept saying that? That's what the Freaking scumbags wanted. It's first to get morbid and depressed and have this the fetus kind of attitude. And, you know, I don't think we need to go through all of that again. I mean, if you want to be my guest, go right ahead. And as far as I'll get to that clear channel, I'll still write a moment in Boy, who would I hello, they kidnapped, of all people. And then, of course, power 96 with their little punk listeners, what was the term? I'll get to the story. The kids' groovy uses their playing inspirational music. Oh, brother. Inspirational rap music tomorrow on Power 96. Your good co-scrant kids' groovy saying that. Who's he kid? And they're going to be handed off free pictures of Anna Squeaks' ass. Huh? I'll be in line. I'll read you well. 913. In fact, kids' groovy was telling me his favorite memories of that short live memories was when they used to dance, Tiktok T. 913 at 560 WQM. Have you heard the news about the 3.95% mortgage it's true. If you've been thinking about it, don't think do something. Do something smart, which is the last thing Todd Drek would do because he's a PUTS. Now I've to have to purchase a homo refinance of existing homo, the incredibly low rate of only 3.95%. If you have a 7.5% mortgage, the 3.95% rate would save you over 3.5% or over $3.500, just the first year alone on a $100,000 mortgage. So if make things easy for yourself. Who sang that song? Make it easy on yourself. I don't know. I think the right is brothers. Okay. I'll pick up the phone call for an answer group at 1-800-940-L-E-N-D. That's 1-800-94053-63 getting a stop of mortgage someplace else. It's been a cost to a ton of cash every year. Think of all the money you can save when you have a 3.95% mortgage. Financial group has helped thousands of folks just like you put your financing in the best possible position in the universe by getting a 3.95% mortgage. Coal financial group right now, this second 1-800-94053-63. That's 1-800-94053-63 equal housing lender. Credit restrictions do apply and rates are subject to change if you wait too long. My life and law says it's 4-2550. You wait too long. Honey Doc is dolphin Danny. Oh! I can be more perfect than baby, always cool. I said when I drove up the tunnel on the view. But how is 1-800-440? That only fair about the bottom line on you. They are a bit different power, having no end. They got a clean, open, petty push and trend. But open, so much with what you hear in today. They can't help, they're playing with wire now. They can't help, they can't fit in. They can't kill, they can't stop. We're gentle, you know. They need your star, it's their garden, and the challenge is gone. Sounds amazing, so proud of where you are. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. The private radio is often taken by a fake open center like the moment out of place. And by the way, both of us are with us a fan. And we're trying to get your soul to lay on the end. We're trying to lay on the end. We're trying to lay on the end. We're trying to lay on the end. We're trying to lay on the end. We're trying to lay on the end. We're trying to lay on the end. Yeah, they sure did, man. There are a bunch of boaters. We'll get to them in a second. There's Richard Butler. Remember, hello, Paul. I remember Richard Butler. Before we went, Chief Wuppins Inspector. We were under the most difficult political circumstance. He says that the scout writer is well, basically, he's an asshole. And he's right. And that's his idea. Yeah, the man has no credibility. And then come to find out, in listening to some of the commentary during Evening Last Night on the 85,000 newscast in between Washington, Brady and the Patriots kick ass. He's supposedly doing a documentary over there, which is funded by the Iraqi government. And even the story had the other day said that his trip over there, this time is sponsored by the Scott Witter is to weapons and inspections what Peter Arnett is to journalism. And I think pretty soon, Scott Witter's going to Scott start standing in front of scenes where it says, Baby milk factory behind him. I could be wrong about that. With little arrows. So there's another one over here. There's another one over there. Go to head scrub missiles and most baby milk factory. I have a thing. So, so, but got about it. Right. Now, what is this thing about all I'm not a coin? You're Windows Media Player line is down again. Can you go back to be a lot of you? What happened to the archives? I don't know anything about that. Of course, but it said, Ola Marty Cohen, so I'm sure it was for you. So I thought it facts it right along. No, but seriously, what is we don't care? I just wanted you to put that out there on the air. Not that he can listen because the windows. Well, that's because our window media is media players down again. What happened in the archives? We'll have a problem. I don't know. That is the thing. If I don't wait, Eric, there's only one S in rehashing better than rehashing last 9, 11. And if you take that extra S out of there, that'll give you room like back it away from the number is going to be in there eventually. I just mentioned that in passing. Oh, we got some votes on there already. I didn't even realize that it was actually up. I voted. If Neil plays all comedy bits tomorrow 9, 11, it will be sensational for better than rehashing last 9, 11, 3. Those are the only two categories with any votes yet. I mean, you know, some assholes say, oh, that's in very poor taste. And then maybe somebody from the station probably should be standing in a hallways. Well, he just did them on goal along with us. Nobody has said anything to watch like I said before that the station has got any plans. I already got this there. I bought the full work in Palm Beach and I've figured it's a reaction day. Oh, just to be fair, by the way. I think I'll call something like Clarence asking me if we were planning on doing anything special. Yeah. And I said, no, I don't think so. When was this? I don't know. It was a brief moment. I'm sure I was busy. I was quite busy. Hey, Clarence. Hey, Clarence. Good. About it. But out of this show. Okay, Clarence. Don't be getting involved with us. I don't think I'd damn technical problems that you can check a stick at. I'm going to leave you get the show on the airway to read it. It is probably somebody's fault. Probably George is fault. Yeah. Third channel before go commercials on September 11th. Oh, man. Are we impressed by that or what? Pete Fulger. He's an asshole. The assassin. What? Then this is the article by Kevin Baxter in the Harold. Okay. This is another one at Passons for a radio column. You know, this Kevin Baxter. We had some hope for him in the beginning. And I think it was a misplaced. Pete Fulger, the assassin was just beginning his work day last September. And he was called out of a meeting to look at television coverage of the first attack on a World Trade Center. Probably was one of those meetings about who they were going to stab in a back-to-in that day. Then all of a sudden this graceed reek comes in from the side. It was obviously a jet airliner crashing into the other tower bulls to remember. At that moment, no one really knew what was happening. But we knew it was going to be a very busy day. So in other words, when the second plane hit the south tower, nobody knew what was going to be happening. What was going on? Apparently not. I see. Well, evidently he didn't because he's. But I'm more on. Anybody didn't know was a terrorist attack when the second plane hit had to be a marble head. Some kind of a mumble mouth. Some kind of a back-stabbing assassin like Petey Bulger. Make that a very busy week. His program director, W.I. O.D., the only English language news talk radio station in the Mami for a larger deal market. Bulger over saw nearly three days of continuous coverage of the terrorist attacks on America. Now of course on WQA and after a muff blew in the beginning, and of course was Gildy's fall. What are we going to share about it? What are we going to share about it? And of course the sports nerds continued on for another hour until 945 until finally the embarrassment factor stood in. And they stuck me under the intro of the fact that we've been under terrorist attack. And put the audio line from the networks. Put some people on here who know what that was going on. That was not one of the stellar days in the history of QA. I'll tell you that. But we'd like you to forget about that. But at any rate, once once we got into it, didn't we do the exactly the same thing? It's probably not better because we stuck pretty much other than giving out local emergency numbers and whatever. Right? Right. Anyway, and that coverage much of it, commercial free, which is the same we did because Joe Costello had the Cohones to go ask Greg or tell Greg, hey, sure we get those spots off the air. I just go and Joe. Yeah, because Joe being a battalion descendant, after I've come to Sicilian descent, he had the Cohones to go in there and make Greg an offer he couldn't refuse. The coverage was simultaneously a WID6 clear channel sister stations, making news radio 610 an important source of information about an event that a market generation. With my generation, with the Kennedy assassination, with my sons, with the world trade center, Bolder said, I get a little emotional just thinking about it. I get emotional thinking about you, Pete Bolder, and what an asshole you are. And what you have earned, all your cohorts have done to the radio business, and the most of the people in it who worked for your company, who hate you people like Poison. On Wednesday, WID along with 60 other clear channel stations from Viral Beach to the Upper Keys, well again broadcast commercial free to commemorate the one year anniversary of the attacks. And they're not alone in wanting to mark the anniversary in a special way. WLRNFN, the National Public Radio Affiliates for Miami for Loderedil, is planning a full day of special content. While other stations in the market will be ordering their programming and ways big and small. Country music WKISFM, for example, is also going commercial free most of the day, though program director Bob Barnett says that's partly because few clients wanted to buy airtime on 9.11. We'll take this boss Bob, we'll put him on a show. You know, we're not going to be hypocrites who the house kitten who went to business to make money. From the agency level on down, there was peer pressure not to run spots that Dases Barnett, who's stationed with run a mix of patriotic music and montages of listener comments. There's no point in trying to force commercials in if nobody wants to run them. Most of the businesses moved to other days of the week, so it's not like we've lost business. I'm sure there's a price tag on the lost inventory that's pretty substantial. That great, that we're making this tremendous sacrifice. But unlike the clear channel stations, which usually they press release announcing their commercial free programing, Barnett is almost hoping that listeners don't notice. It's just backpatting and chest dumping that is simply trying to capitalize on the event he says. I don't know the guy if he walked in this studio right now here in Toronto when have any idea who we was, but I'd pet him on a back and say you are. That's not the way to go. September 11 is about remembering an memorial as he said, not capitalizing on it. He's absolutely right. That's what she tells President, their grandstanding. Contemporary music station WPOW speaking of grandstanding. This is a visibly broadcasting sister station. We'll go without commercials or DJs tomorrow, while tweaking its playlist of favor, a tribute-type music, according to a program director, Kid Scurvy, who said that on his ass was bigger than a breadbox. That's largely in respect to my DJs. He says they came to me and said, what am I going to do? Kind of like a Johnny Fontaine. What am I going to do? This is a different day. The station will also run take list of comments while it's website will carry the names and pictures of the nearly 3000 victims of the terrorist attacks of the World Trade Center in elsewhere. Sounds like they're also trying to capitalize on the event, you know? Sports Talk Station WPOW and other beastly property has been interviewing prominent athletes for their takes on his September 11. They will air those vignettes. Wins the in place of regular sports updates. Aren't you impressed by that? Much. Don't you want to hear what a dumb job has to say about the World Events about anything quite frankly. The station also plans to run a markedly letter commercial load. A lighter load tomorrow. Jim John. Jim John. How do you like that? Which you give us time to play more good bits if we decide to do that. Meanwhile, urban music outlet WEDR. I guess I better do the break. Okay. 38 votes on a poll. Better than rehashing last 9 11 19 sensational 12. Boring for in bad taste to disrespectful one on patriotic none. Zero so far. Me being the unpatriotic son of a bitch. The relentless bastard that I am, you know? Just don't want to go along. And it's got nothing to do with being on patriotic, but you hope whatever it has you want. Okay. Or disrespectful. It's got to do with giving people an alternative. Some place to go for a few yucks to live their lives as opposed to getting Meyer done and rehashing and rehashing and on and on. Here's another body. Here's another people crying. Have we seen enough of that last year already? I have quite enough. And this business that somebody is going to have a gut about it. That ain't going to happen. There's anybody in the world that's ever going to forget about it. There's a watch in TV that they are lived through it. Anyway, calm down. Look at that 9 27 a QA. A master shopping. Forget about that. You know, master shopping the old fashioned way. Oh, got about it. Good thinking. Because if you pick up your phone or call 1 a 100 mattress, you get the best deal all the way around. You get name brand mattresses. You've got the tops in the world. Sir to see Lee Simmons King Quill. And you've got the lowest prices in the world as well. And the delivery. It's unbeatable because they'll come right to your home whenever you want them. Two hour windows. Doon to two. One to three. Two to four. Two week when you're going to be home and it's convenient for you instead of sitting around on your ass all day long, praying that somebody just might cheer up. And they give you that 30 day in home comfort guarantee to try out unmetre's the right way. If you want a great night's sleep night after night for years to come, do what I always do. When the old mattress is headed, pick up the phone and call the Benning experts. You can't get a better deal all the way around at dial a mattress. 1 800 mattress 1 800 mA TTR ES or check them out on that wicked worldwide web. If you like at mattress.com. And I'm like a local business for 25-50. You wait two a.m. A bath. We're tough on crime. No. No. Say we're in better time. The rules don't say everything is fine. Oh, we're fine. People will say you're on drugs. Don't say in stations down. All right. Don't say you're safe in our town. In fact, don't be hanging around. People will say you're on drugs. Don't say if you get one. Unless you like feeling fun. Don't say you're on drugs. People will say you're on drugs. You're on drugs. I want to give you a kiss. Here's a guy who's stuck so tight. You call that a peanut? No. Don't walk on the city streets. Without all points or platforms. Don't say much on anything. People will say you're on drugs. Are you sure? 934 or 560. Why? Because I screwed up there. I went to the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in the US. I was in America. It's a lie. I'm not necessarily an reversal. That's why you ride 9937 forsatch on being Wang Junyi. I'm 47, it's okay with me. Hey, son for being the best. Anyway, I had a question. You know that was an exclusive question? But before you do that, I said a few questions. How many people did you see. If you need one extra request, while the government'sはいed. I believe it. Maybe they're going to bring Mr. Eagle back for another go-round. Anyway, David, the fact is, and says, how do you do in the new to one hour against Russian ratings? Please tell me you have higher ratings than that political racist. Thank you. Yes, we do. All the little A's just starting to make some in-roads on us because we're a fashion bush too much on his show for the Bushies. So we're going over there and here what they want to hear. They hear him a little and then Bill O'Reilly, who's this spoon all the incorrect information you know? What does Eagle? By the way, I want, I try to watch some of Donna who last night. Why, you talk about heavy duty. I'm watching the Tom Brady show there. The Patriot game. I'm watching Clanky Thier, squeaking and squaw. It always really funny. I thought it was before the show. So King the King, myster, had watercranky it on there. There was 185 years old and can barely speak. But he asked him if he thought that the media coverage is weak was like overkill and there was too much going on. And he said, yes, he said, you know, last year was one thing because it had just happened. And that's all that anybody wanted to know about and the government's so on and rightfully so. But he said, now it's just become obnoxious and it's way too much and over. And then, of course, Larry had that said, look on his face and kept promoting the fact, oh, well, we got special to our coverage on Wednesday and it to our show tomorrow. And then on every break, they would have like, you know, pictures either of some wife crying or of, you know, the bombs bursting in her again, you know, the building's blowing up and those huge smoke clouds, etc. I mean, yeah, it just, it was ironic. But at any way, so I'm a wild. So I did get over to Donna who for a little bit here in there and he had John Walker. John, while she'll be on well, you saw a little bit. I saw a lot of it, actually. I'll tell you something. The problem with Donna who is that he's become a fumber and bummer now. Yeah, I noticed he's not good. I mean, I used to like him when he was on, you know, he was the pioneer and all out of the crap. But he's, he fumbles and bumbles. I mean, at least, O'Rally, whether you know, forget about the content because nobody cares about content. He's slick and he's good. And he pretends he knows what he's talking about, you know, and he like, you know, puts everybody down. He's got a big mouth. But Donna, he's like, like, reaching for like something to ask or something over his tongue. Yeah, he's been not good. Maybe he needs more practice. He's been a little lot of time. I'll tell you one thing. He better practice real fast. You know what I'm saying? He better practice real fast and real soon. Otherwise, it's going to be, hey, Phil, hey Phil, it was a nice try, but bye, bye, bye. Yeah. So anyway, I did do see a little bit of that until fast. But John Walker's on there. I'll tell you, and also I saw the last three minutes of John Walker's debut show yesterday. Which I didn't even realize it was on one of the local channels here. I think it's on, I don't know what there was on the CFTO. I don't know who the hell had it on. So I'll last five minutes of that show. So he's all over the place. He's got his own syndicated show. He's on Foxville, starting out, of course, with America's most wanted. And I still say, we need to cable channel that does that 24 hours a day. America's most wanted to disappear. Right on his, and Ron O'clock, the guy who also wanted the channel. Right. Or is the president would say they wanted that a live channel. So let's see how that pull is coming in 96 votes. Pretty short. It'll be nice even 100, which makes it easy to finger out. If Neil plays all comedy bits tomorrow and I'm 11 it will be better than rehashing last 9, 11, 52. That's 54%. Sensational 21. That's 22%. Boring 13 in bad taste. Eight. This respectful too. And on patriotic still has no votes for on patriotic. Well, that's good. Do you think it would wouldn't be if somebody called me on patriotic on patriotic? Fastered. In the end, what I would say? What? Fuggot about it. That's what I would say. So anyway, it's election day like I said, Reno and MacBride, Nick and Nick and Governor's race, which is why you must go about everybody little in the son of I voice and vote for Bill McBride today. The most hotly fucked democratic primary race for Governor in Florida since the 1980s is being decided today. And a test of worst candidate can entice more their course supporters to go and vote. Faddling to the finish of the Democratic Governor's World nomination for everyone's Bill McBride and Jenna Reno. On least, final hours get out to vote. See, if she's put on this lackluster campaign that everybody's talking about, she's gotten all money. It's been a horrible campaign. If she's doing it now in the primaries, you can just imagine a way that the juxtapes would steam roll over her shaky ass in the get him election in November, which is why the crappener of pantalones up there that MacBrides going to win this. State Senator Dirol Jones of Miami in the distant third also returned to South Florida yesterday, fighting as the only black candidate for Governor in modern times for a share of the front runners votes. Don't waste your vote on Dirol Jones. By the way, I'll use marches out there. Vote for Bill McBride. He be your man. I'm a tactician. I'm a fighter pilot Jones full to Porter. Well, we don't care what he said. He said on the best prepared candidate. Everybody says, oh, yeah, sure. On the eve of the primary Reno McBride cracked up massive phone back and leafletting operations, revved up crowds of loyalists and flooded endorsements from influential party leaders. The race ends as a regional contest south Florida against the rest of the Reno counts on big margins of votes in Broward, Dave Palm Beach and Monroe to overcome a fried-apparent advantage throughout most of Florida. Mike Mayo actually had a column we're talking about the other day. Can you believe that? Well, if you start to see your he writes something meaningful especially in the absence he notes his sports nerd. Nick Bride must thank Bush if he dances to victory, wrote Michael Mayo on Sunday in the Sun Sentinel. He said, oh, ask Bill McBride or I am what does it say? Ask who has Bill McBride and people will say, oh, the guy who dances on TV. See, I had my in a wrong place there. Oh, yeah, that was the word I had in a wrong place. Oh, the guy who dances on TV. This is how cool as some people are. It also shows how negative campaigning has totally boomeranged on Governor's abortion and Republicans. And being so concerned about McBride, the Republicans have boosted his recognition to the point where they're about to get precisely what they didn't want. McBride is the Democratic candidate for governor. All right. The attack ads seem to have run more than all of the McBride and Genreinoids combined at least in South Florida and to what end. The ads which feature a pair of tap dancing feet. All it makes me think of wooly T-Ribbs, you know. A few of the pride of using tricky accounting in his campaign and mismanaging is former Tampa law firm causing layoffs. They were meant to be a preemptive strike by Republicans if you McBride is a greater threat to Bush than Reno in that November general election at Nochement. Now the ads look like a premature strikeout and miscalculation that completely backfire. Since the ads began hearing last month in McBride campaign is picked up incredible momentum. The latest poll show McBride overtaking. We know going into today's governor's or the race to close the call. And don't look now but here comes this factor of another Broward election mess. If the victory margin is in the hundreds and enough Broward Democrats complained that they never got their voting cards or found the proper polling place, this could get 2000 presidential ugly. And don't forget about Palm Beach, which I got that story coming up about poor Teresa of the poor. How can she still be there? Anyway, Michael Mayo says it's hard to say if the attack ads in McBride surge are related, but you're wonder if McBride would still be working to make up the identity gap against Reno if the Republicans hadn't bothered running any ads at all. They made the name McBride known perhaps proving the old adage that that publicity is better than no publicity and some could have mistaken ads as an attack by Reno turning off those who heard a promise not to sling mud. Yeah, I've talked to some people like that without those were Reno ads? Right. It's not until the end in small print that a student viewer see Republicans paid for the ad along with the exhortation to vote, Jim Bush for governor. The ads have made McBride's chances to be legitimate. In the last week, he counterattack with ads wondering what Bush is afraid of. Highlighting an in the theme that Bush doesn't want to face him in November and guess what he is. That's so ridiculous. In other words, the candidate who just weeks ago was looking way up at Reno when the polls is not looking pastor. McBride is better organized. Has more money than Reno, which could prove to be the set. Reno rides around in a quaint red pickup truck. McBride Chris crosses the state by plain. He's picked up most newspaper endorsements along with key political and union backing. And his political savvy is showing with his overture to perhaps bring Dave Mayralex, Pingu Piccayan, board is running mate. Well, Pinalis is the one person that might be able to cut into Bush's support among moderate Cuban Americans, partly because of his role in the alien Gonzalez saga. These voters wouldn't support a ticket that included Reno in a million years. And again, you are. That's so ridiculous. Although the couple might alienate some Broward Democrats or Reno supporters who view what is his pandering McBride is probably willing to bet they'd still vote for him in November. He can still sell the ticket to Pingu Piccayan haters by asking if they'd really have four more years of Bush. Reno is stalled after running a fuzzy stealthy grassroots campaign that rests mainly on her resume as U.S. Attorney General on the President Clinton Federal prosecutor, my mean, devoted Florida native. She said, out to show the people that people, not dollars determine elections, but this is the real world. You need dollars to go out to people. McBride got the dollars for more TV ads and the Republicans spent on him too. They tried to tear him down and bullets like they inadvertently build him up. Who's building the pride? The guy who dances on TV might soon be tapping on the governor's doors as Mike Mayo and Sunday, Sunson, Sunson, let's go. I'm not going back. Time your oath, something worth reading. 956 at 560 W.C. I'm the show is flying along. Maybe I feel like we're like on some kind of an acid trip here today. You know what? I'm feeling really good because Gary Sardich has brought in food from the macaroni grill. Look, got about it. Hey, you know, summertime is here. You need all the energy you can to feel really spiffy and spite of the heat and humidity and the rain and just all of that mung in here. All them mold and mildew. All of you make enough you feel good no matter what's going on outside because all of you made his gut stuff in it. All of you made his a soft yell caps all loaded with pharmaceutical grade olive oil and vitamins and minerals and herbals to promote all different kinds of health for all different parts of your body. They got one product, specifically designed to help your prostate. One for your heart, for your blood pressure and cholesterol, one for your circulatory system, your digestive, your inner consistent skin and bones even your mind. Was that the same, Gary Sardich that was going to give me the new copy for VIP.com and didn't do it? That's the one. I see. All using the benefit to the best olive oil and money can buy and only a man helps products. His gut helps are both men and women too. Now what I just said I think so. Fuck God about it. All of you made available all over town. I was available at Walgreens, Whole Food, Markets, Navarro Pharmacy and Sedanos and if you want to get more information about what these products are all about and what they do and where you stick them. Just call their toll free number and they'll be happy to answer your questions. 1-8-6-6-Oleo-Med. That's 1-8-6-Oleo-eo- M-e-d and you can order those products right on their world-famous website if you like at Oliobetamerica.com. Hey, it's Howard. How it's been? I've got the ticket. The fact that he's down on my hand. I'm so gonna think you were lady old about. I'm older than you. I can do anything I want to do. I'm your consultant woman and I'm gonna be consulting you on your best home. On a restaurant. I've got the power to mold into the troll. Well, I have a way to get your own show. I'm a station down in Hollywood. And I don't care if you're reading the law. Just before that you can stroke people. I'm on the same bar baby and you'll do anything I want you to. I'm your consultant woman. I'm your lady and I'm your new I'm gonna mold you on your own. I'm gonna mold you on your own. I'm gonna get a real job. That's why I'm like consulting because I'm just an ass. Oh, I've got about it. 10-1-5-60-WK. I've never worked tour or it's spoken, man. There was one of the ultimate radio assholes of water statewide. I'd like to see him alone with Pete Volger. You know it? Maybe David Ross could be best man. Or Jan Arrino. Anyway, it's 10-0 while at 2-5-60-WK. We've got 127 votes on our very important programming pool today. You better get on there because it's your opportunity to have some input in this show. Right? If Neil plays off comedy, but tomorrow 9-11 will be better than rehashing last 9-11-66 sensational 28, boring 15, in bad taste 12, this respectful for an out-and-patreon excretto pair of two votes. We don't want to have any category with no votes because it would maybe look stupid by putting a category on it at the head and no vote. Oh, got about it. You know what I'm saying? What do you say? I think I'm gonna read this one Samuel's piece. Okay, she's a I love one Samuel's and she loves me. We have a mutual admiration by long distance. Anyway, she wrote this a few days ago and I was gonna sound a little bit cynical and a little bit hard-vittin' etc. But you know, we have a lot of emotional cripples out there and a lot of people easily manipulated like the God squad and the professional right wingers and left wingers and the professional wingers, zebra winger. Anyway, she writes a tax by 9-11. Since September 11, 2000, about two, two million 400,000 people have died in America. Cancer, heart disease, accident suicides. Some of them were children whose parents had to watch a suffer watching them die slowly from disease. Some of them died because doctors and nurses were not vigilant enough to end made mistakes. Approximately 42,000 died in car accidents, 15,000 of those killed by drunk drivers. All of these people are dead. All those family and friends agreed for them. They didn't get hundreds of thousand dollars and they didn't write books and make the talk show circuit. They remember their loved ones in private. They cry alone at night and fed, not on Larry King Live. Politicians don't hold memorial services for them, which coincidentally remind people that their relations coming up. The TV network don't call somebody who had cancer for a year or a hero and devote hundreds of hours of programming to them. Vars and Noble doesn't open an hour later, Marshall's two hours later to honor them. There's no escaping this orgy of exploitation and wallowing. It's not enough to say keep the TV off Wednesday because it's already started on radio TV. The Sunday papers, weekly magazines with their special issues, the special display in the bookstores of 9-11 books. And yet does anyone insist that the government, which is after all supposed to protect us, have a commission to find out why this happened? Of course not. Does anyone plan to ask the unelected ones while we have not found with some have been laden as he tracks from a crash site to crash site Wednesday? Of course not. Those 2800 people died because of inefficiency, stupidity, egalitism and self-interest on the part of the government and incitancies, who was first job is supposed to be to protect its citizens. Those deplorable traits are all alive and well-arwashing in DC a year later. I don't want to hear about it anymore. Yes, it was tragic for the families, children growing up with no fathers, fathers losing sons, lovers lost to one another, but it happens every day all over the world to people with brown skin and black skin and yellow skin. It's called life. It is in the self-interest of the government to keep us in an orgy of grief and remover and so we'll forget to ask them any questions. It's an interest in the media to wallow so that they'll not have to think about asking any real questions. It's really a national disgrace. It's a diversion of the worst sort, bread and circuses. I for one thing I'm going to get on a bus and go to a Atlantic City next Wednesday, Bro. Lynn Samuel. That's an excellent piece. Why were you moaning that one over? I don't know. That's excellent. And of course it's excellent. And I just said, didn't I preface it by saying it was a magnificent piece and I love the ensembles? But we have a lot of emotional cripples out there. Oh my god, that's this respectful. Let's do cynical. Well, you know, because there are a lot of assholes out there who can handle the truth. They want everything sugarcoded like this stuff I read last week about how we have built up Iraq and supplied them with all their chemical and biological agents and so on. We sold it to them. We built them up to what they are now. Just like we built up the Taliban and then they turned on us just like when Hussein invaded Kuwait. Oh, now you're a bad guy. We invent these loose cannons. They get out of control and then we can talk reasons to go in and try to remove them. I said to George before the show today. Why don't we just, I mean, you know, if we're going to be serious about eliminating a tyrants all over the world, we might as well attack Libya. This story ahead yesterday said Kadapi, getting closer. He's closer to a nooks than Hussein is and North Korea. And everybody else and the French like we said before and while we're at it Venezuela, they got all those oil wells and they can't get the right together with a freaking government. I mean, you know, what are we talking about here? So the fact that I find even though Scott, what's his name, where there is got no credibility on these full of crappy, you know, he's a puppet of the Iraqi regime. But nevertheless, who the hell do you believe? They want regime change when in doubt they want them out. They had their chance to get them out 11 years ago and of course Bush won the decided not to do that. But now for whatever reasons, of course you do understand it's not because we have an election coming up in November. I understand it. Of course, you're liberals. You keep saying that. And of course, the speech Thursday to the UN, they're going to give them they were sandy for about three weeks to let the inspectors back in and to do whatever they tell you when decides whatever resolution meaning was or as a loose neighborhood. And if they don't, if they don't go along with it, even Tony Blair was just saying moments ago, we'll give you an opportunity to go along with the compatibility and resolutions, whatever we draft up on Thursday, whatever we make. And if not, but I've been. Now three weeks from now is what? 17th, 24th, about the first of October is three weeks from now. Okay. Well, what I'm saying, following the timing of this, boys and girls, the election is scheduled for the fifth of November. I don't want to say that the time is, if they would have done this several months ago, I'd have said, well, okay, I'm maybe I'm not convinced, but, you know, maybe it has to be done. Because let's face it. I don't think anybody with a brain wants who's saying to be there any more than we any longer, one minute longer needs to out of it. But the timing of this, there's an aroma, there's a stench of calment or coming from a baby. And oh, well, you're right, we can't, we can't really pin anything and then we can't tie him with the O-O-Sama yamama and we can't find O-Sama yamama. In fact, I got a story in here that's very disturbing about the fact that there we organized the NFGNist there. Here it is from the New York Times today. Al Qaeda fighters said it returned to Afghanistan. Or we supposedly did such a wonderful job. US intelligence officials say al Qaeda operatives who found refuge in Pakistan are starting to regroup and move back into Afghanistan less than a year after a successful American military campaign forced into fleet, there one time sanctuary by the thousands. The move in back into Afghanistan is still relatively small and involves cut-and-members traveling in small group officials say most of the thousands of escape that Afghanistan after American let forces defeat the Taliban government are not seeking to return instead. They remain scattered throughout Southeast Asia and the Middle East creating a terrorist diaspora that's now a deep concern to American counterterrorism officials. Some have found havens in Iran and Iraq although American intelligence officials are divided over another receiving active support for me to country. Oh, there's another one by the way, how do we forget Iran? Oh, and the latest I atola, how do we forget about them? Small potatoes. Still no, no, they're not. They're big potatoes. Still American officials say the world's largest concentration of Al-Qaeda operatives are now in Afghanistan in Pakistan and the recent influx in Afghanistan is creating new dangers. Al-Qaeda members are believed to have launched the series of small attacks against American forces in Afghanistan in recent weeks and may have been behind the attempt of assassination of Afghan President Hamid Karzai and the deadly carbobbing in Kabul as Thursday according to Afghan and American officials. So we got a long long way to go in terms of Al-Qaeda in terms of the Taliban in terms of these scumbags. I remember last year after this all happened and we're all participating and we're going to do this. We're going to remember Ramswell talking and making that speech and we're going to go find them in their beds where they sleep and we're going to kill them when we find them and they're going to do a lot of things that you know you're not going to hear about we wouldn't want to tell you about. Do you really think that's going on? No, I don't either. I don't believe it for a second. They don't even know the difference between the good ones and the bad ones. We keep doing it wrong. And you know something I can sympathize with them on it because when you look at the schmasa heads, how do you tell which one is the good guy, which one's the bad guy? Say all were the same head gear. They all got the same freaking beers. How do you really know? You don't like God's sort of mouth. Uh huh. That's not a bad idea. When it's out, let the Lord sort him out. 142 votes on our survey now because we're approaching tomorrow. Day when a lot of people are going to put on a big dog and pony show for you. I mean, power 96. I got news for you. I don't want to pee on kid queries. Grave. But let's face it. Power 96. They're going to be, uh, I'll tell you what they say. All the name between spirituals and gospel or something like that. It was close to that inspirational inspirational rat. Inspirational rat, which of course we all know rhymes with. Of course they play that every day. Is what they basically play. It's good. That's what Disney would tell you. Although Disney you ain't wanted to talk baby because the party is over numbers on that station from their for for their Ford derude records. Uh, and they're done. 144 votes. Then I just say 124, 144 coming in in chunks now. If Neil plays all comedy with Svarnan, I love it. It will be better than rehashing last 9.11 72 sensational 33. Boring 18 in bad taste 13, disrespectful 6 and on patriotic stills when I got a pair. I guess the one thing I can see feel fairly safe. It will not be unpaid periodic. Among all things that I sure is how wouldn't want to be unpaid periodic with you. But got about it. Right. Speaking of unpaid reotic. Yes. We told you read the story that I'm taxing you right now about it to surprise. Okay. Here's one that's a little bit of a surprise. Home town paper likes Harris the Florida official, but not Harris the candidate. Remember our good close personal friend, Katherine Harris? Who allegedly was real close and personal with our governor? Katherine Harris the former Florida Secretary of State of Play front in center role in the election fan, Daniel of 2000, is a heavy favorite to win a seat in Congress rights to Washington Post David Van Drayley. But for the first time in a electoral career, he's running without the support of our hometown news paper. Four times, they held tributes recommended Katherine Harris and election for public office. These several soda paper began in the editorial published yesterday. The recommendations were made with reservations, sometimes with trevudation, but always in the hope that experience would help Harris harness her extraordinary energy, bring clarity to her views and teach you to avoid those embarrassing blunders. That hope has vanished. On the plus side for Harris, the paper called the one time state senator, tonight's just an industrious and acknowledged that she's an icon in the eyes of any Republicans across the nation for a stirring down Al Gore over the old county deadlines. On the minus side with references to startling lack of clarity when Harris discusses public policies and the solitary responses to questions. So one of our Republicans to do it today's primary on that score, the hero to be in throws up his hands. Harris's only GOP appointed former anchor man, John C. Hill, doesn't know the endorsement either. We offer no recommendation to paper to include it. For Katherine, what are we going to do about that poor bitch? Of course she's not running by us anyway, for by you. Twelve minutes after 10 at 5.60 WCW, it's the dog days of summer, man. It's still the same old stuff, you know, even officially on the calendar. If your hair is blowing all the time, if you're tired too much, blowing. Well, here's the answer for you do something about because you know that big ball spot, guess what? It blows. Here's what you do about the ball spot. Look, got about it. That's right. Go see my good buddy Charles Alphair Ray because he's got the latest technology that helps you look like what you wanted for a long time. A great looking head of hair and a younger look as well. So get the natural hair line you wanted for a long time today and now is still a smart time to call because it's still summertime and the summertime special is still good. Making the arangers, they'll not 300 bucks off the regular price. And Charlie, services and repairs all types of pieces too. Why do you wait for his little is 30 bucks? So if you weren't so much you look in Muscad like Bob Eisenberg on your head or some powder we look in thing like Mo. Forget about that too because the Charlie may look better. So here's the deal. If you don't love the way it looks and feels we're talking about Charlie's natural hairline system and you're not getting laid to least four or five times today. Charlie will give you a full refund. So wait no longer get rid of that ball spot and get you a great looking head of hair for once at once and for all. You know what I'm saying? Oh, got about it. That ball spot. Don't forget mention my name. You'll save 300 bucks when you call 1-800-321-2413. That's 1-800-321-2413 or log onto their website if you like it if you can spell it at CharlesAlphaEury.com. Fudge back him? George. The The The The The The The The The The The The The The The And The The The The The The The And maybe runs into family anyway the story just facts me I'm delighted that somebody facts this to us because I almost mentioned it earlier seeing and had a blurb on this about Noel I visited somehow and I saw it and I but of course I couldn't hear the audio because I was busy fapapapap and I don't talk and it just said something about July 19 which was her previous arrest you know yes so I didn't know what that was and luckily we waited and we found out but before that in regard to the repeal effort by the Christian coalition the anti-fag thing on a ballot today in the county uh vote no I'm question 14 touch number 243 George gave you a runny information before we're not talking about what I was reading it off of another facts well I'm sure that this bag whoever this is I'm you know it's from Sharon while I'm sure Sharon knows what he's talking about touch number 243 it says please correct us you gave out the number to vote yes well we certainly don't want to vote yes no we want to vote no 243 vote no I'm question number 14 on the hate amendment in the county okay sorry to say that but to say that don't do that again George I won't I'll be talking to your good personal friend again just when you thought he was gonna go about it he might like to stir his memory or Orlando police find cocaine on governor bushes daughter how do you like that on election day no less boy this is a bad olman you know it yeah it's too bad he's ugly she sounds like a fun girl governor Jim Bush's daughter was found with cocaine that we have center where she's undergoing drug treatment in Orlando police said today election day police were caught on the center for drug free living in Orlando late yesterday where workers give them a substance they said they found on the well bush 25 sergeant Orlando Roland said sergeant Orlando in Orlando how do you like that the workers told police that the two house Orlando doing oh good the workers told police that the two grams of powder tested positive for cocaine were pleased in the media arrested because they couldn't obtain this one statement that she was in possession of cocaine Roland said the governor asked about his daughter before going into a Florida cabinet meeting in Tallahassee said he wouldn't discuss her with the media this is a private issue as it relates to my daughter and myself and my wife he said the road to be covering is a rocky one for a lot of people who have this kind of problem I don't have any details about what happened I just found out he'd be saying the investigation will continue said Roland who ended at police hadn't interviewed in a well bush as of this morning possession of any amount of cocaine is a felony police uh in July the well bush was found to be in contempt of court because the worker at the treatment center found her carrying prescription pills a judge sent her to jail for three days she was arrested in January the Tallahassee pharmacy drive through window for allegedly trying to buy the anxiety drug Xanax with a fraudulent prescription in George would like some by the way and a two-day release of the governor said my family loves the well very much continues to pray for her continued progress we again asked the public immediately to respect our privacy during this difficult time for our family right whole family these are these good Christian and he's talking about the anti-Christian bias and the media about Jerry Regier and about this and all setting themselves up is better hold here than us from Neil Bush to George W. with his problems that even want to talk about because it was too embarrassing and hoping that everybody would forget his why the problems and the entire jet bush family from the little punky one who used to look pretty good what's his name what's his name George George P George P ever see George P yeah and then the other one that was a screw in his girlfriend in a parking lot out in broad daylight in some car day and a shopping mall until I partying what's wrong with that you ever get screwed in the parking lot hurts i guess it depends on where you're parking oh boy i've decided this poor you know see this is what bugs me all families have got their thing you know but when people set themselves up as whole here than now whether it's gym baker whether it's Jimmy swagger whether it's uh Henry hide and Bob Livingston and all these other good whole here than now penis pointers and then come to find out that there were just as bad or worse than anybody else everybody's got their crap you know what i'm saying what he said i say the therefore crap that's what i'm saying i say vote for Bill McBride today so he can knock bush off in November oh that article I had yesterday about how the country is suffering from bush fatigue boy never never have two awards been spoken bush fatigue when in doubt get him out speak in a somebody who needs to get out this to resell a poor and pomegranate what this bitch how can she still have that job pictures she must have the same pictures that George W. he's got a Tony Blair all here's the what's the mark pop is for contempt for uh for having a herposition some prescription draws that were taken from a medicine camera she claims looking at her in a blind sclering on mark prontours ball spot boy she looks a mess mark potter selling about telling the truth is that just country with that story okay get out of your mark you're boring me voters questions poll workers walk out has le poor scrambleing how how unusual that is the pomebic county elections office was inundated with telephone calls yesterday from potential voters with questions about where to vote in today's primary the complaints came on the same day that elections official discovered that about a hundred disgruntled pool workers had quit meanwhile Teresa look poor elections chiefs that she had about fit the uh inventor of the butterfly ballot said she had about fifty operators working the phone lines to answer the dead huge of questions that poured in yesterday but said she would not be able to provide a count of calls handled until after the election more than fifty calls were also commonly south for the sun sent off his indel ray beach in the meantime she said voters with questions can call her orifice between seven a m and seven p.m today in other words now addition operators will be on hand again there are two other alternatives voters can match up their precinct number with a corrected rest of the full page notices that were printed in Sunday sun sent will a sections or in a Palm Beach county daily newspapers like the Palm Beach post a or go to the elections office website look it up at wwww dot pb elections dot org slash news slash pollock dot the o9 etc earlier in the day was learned that some hundred Palm Beach county elections poll workers quit over the weekend the resignations left county elections official scrambling to find replacements county election supervisor leforce at the poll workers quit because they didn't like their new precinct locations many of the county's pouring places changed after the state went through its mandatory once every decade reapportionment of voting districts even though leforce that it was explained the poll workers during the eight hours of printing and orientation classes that their poll locations could change this year many just decided to quit walk out it's just mind boggling leforce it like little bit like that butterfly ballot mind boggling some called in fact the little lessons offices know they wouldn't show up today others didn't leave their names for numbers even their pouring places they just called up and up messages on their election office voice man other i quit see a we've been on the phone literally all weekend calling people that we had on our list leforce that we've used up our contingency list calling others to see if they worked up probably go out on the streets and drag people off in the streets to be poll workers today you want to make a few bucks great your hired so there you go more hanky panky in the course you know just like that article said before the mic mayopiece what if we have a real nippentuck between McBride and Reno you know what I'm saying yeah and of course you don't think that those uh people in power want to see McBride win do you know of quarter once in it for once in their life i can see all these very enthusiastic republicans embracing janitor Reno just put in the old big squeeze on old janitor show that here's somebody to put in the big squeeze on the US lawmaker said Martha Stewart news conference is afternoon you asked lawmakers said they'll hold a news conference today to announce the findings of their probative whether Martha Stewart had inside information when she sold him cone system shares ink represented its billy thousand james greenwood of skiddler news conference 230 this afternoon in washington thousand eight of lusian republican chairs the house energy and commerce committee which started probing steward straighted part of its inquiry to inclinance cancer drug ubertox greenwood a Pennsylvania republican chairs the panels oversight committee thousand spokesman Ken Johnson said i think the congressman will not see the next move in the store prob on two a Tuesday that could include subpoenaing steward wands a question issue a report on evidence on cover to refer in criminal charges to the west justice department johnson said at the time a spokesman for steward could not of course the immediately reach the comments 230 this afternoon i hope they never rise to a cross you know it yeah and maybe even arrested that bitch to why don't i hundred eighty one votes on our poll if neocleas all comedy bitch tomorrow nine eleven it will be better than rehashing nine eleven ninety two almost fifty one percent said that out of one eighty one o sensational 40 boring twenty three twelve points of the one i think it's going to be boring in bad taste thirteen this respect all ten and on patriotic only three only trace just a tiny trace of the audience ten twenty six at five sixty q m a budget if going to be opening that brand new pizza lot any minute not what you think what what they did he come in last week was it like thursday or something Tuesday Tuesday and today my time i check his Tuesday so any minute now jiff conna be opening the brand new pizza lot in plantation that's the most exciting thing to have an out there west power to tag out there and of course there can be on the corner of hill and sunrise right behind wall greens and a little a strip shopping center and i'm sure the food is going to be equally sensational and the portions equally gigantic and fresh and delicious and the prices equally teeny and tiny and very impressive you're going to love the pizza lot don't forget the original broad locations still go on stronger than ever there on university drive right beyond pure one imports acres and acres tons would you say it's acres sure what i'm a free parking i would say that there's like a shirt more on a bunch of re-parken anyway pizza lot would like i said gigantic fresh and tattin goodies three different kinds of great pizza the best garlic rolls you've ever popped in your post all kinds of fantastic Italian dishes chicken and veal and seafood soup or so and lots more to for take out for delivery for catering for as well as five bucks per person call nine five four nine one six eight eight eight nine five four nine one six eight eight eight eighty as university drive right between Griffin and five ninety five kitty corn of the brand new armadil cafe and don't forget the brand new one opening any second i keep an IPO for it not hill and sunrise in plantation the pizza lot it's spectacular my and local years for radio five sixty two a yeah the bush hi Friday night is in the wildhouse doing all its presidential bid he's there in the overlap this though is not sure what an oval is he's practicing speech that he's been working on for weeks should be a breeze but it's not for a man who thinks that if you're from a brand you're earringing Saturday he's still no slaughter faith what's in the center of central goal forgot about it you could say his brain is useless kind of like the cheneys popped up and so he goes to give the speech with words it's all kept cannot reach him a surprise but he won't tell you how he feels and said he'll talk about some bad to say to him he can't spell he can't write right out loud he can't speak so what he says the ways and down don't know the clue no brain is said so he just fabled on fabled on fabled on i'm here i'm here just in my facts that i just got jammed up a little bit i just have to go to lift it up and the facts cover two let's see if that thing's gonna print out for this year one wish this good stuff that happened on the noelster retool got like a little jammed hey here's a follow up to the i think we had yesterday very important story did that thing for that one mama please play a little music oh sure still skipping the night i think it's a bit of a play it's still skips it's skipping yeah well that's good nobody else is playing it like that Gordon lifeboat is going to be okay by the way here to win emergency stomach surgery what you've very concerned about that hernal bleeding yeah Hamilton Ontario singer songwriter Gordon lifeboat was it's include sundown and record the admin fits bureau one record the admin fits bureau of course the most depressing song ever made possible i never heard that in my life you've got to be you know if you heard it you say oh that thing you you brought you to remind yeah me or near near near near near near near near near near you heard it we'll get book a brand of send you a thought of it made me sneeze you notice that it's depressing here's anima sales holis says i have a client that asked if you do live spots for them there are commercial come up about some of their guys here no problem man anything you want okay we don't care anymore just take the money just take the money and run at him we don't care whatever you want just as long as they don't have cult meetings they're in their joint as long as they got a good joint anyway yeah they sixty three year old Canadian performer under when he emergency surgery sunday for an unspecified stomach ailment uh he had internal bleeding but this door i see this storage like about a couple hours older than one it's on a front page of the godday national post day he had the internal bleeding but he's gonna be just fine aren't you relieved much and he can come right to your house and sing that song you what what is it again the wreck of the advent of its chairle oh you know what i would do to that song but got about it yeah we know turn away from polling location this is a panic this is great the 2002 win um all in play they don't have to play a music i just go low my nose a little bit right on you know have like stuff of sinuses especially now that my sinuses are so lovely the 2002 vote in south vote is not off to a smooth start channel 10 news is receiving numerous reports of polling problems here we go again here we go again and Florida why they can't get anything right while polls worst schedule be open to seven o'clock this morning it seems not all places were ready democratic governor to our candidate janitor renal was turned away this morning when she tried to vote at 10 castron c. or a church on one o'clock in the afternoon she was able to vote later i think it's important that the voters overcome mistakes by made by others are faded to plan by others the former u.s attorney general said we've had a lot of reports of malot of precinct that they weren't open on time as required by state law apparently a lot of the poll workers were not familiar with our procedures said you sell a cellos of date county elections they didn't understand the procedures that they've been taught in training and edific all the opening the machines scholar said that some workers as voters to wait outside to all the machines were on which goes against their policy she also said that despite the months of preparation that went into the selection there's still dealing with a human element in other words a lot of morons there were a lot of poll workers who are elderly and they're a little bit afraid computers afraid of computers are looking at these machines and if they were computers and a lot of them were hesitant to get the procedures started early in the morning and we had a walk them through it we had to get their walkers out and walk them through it oh god the devil is in computers some voters were frustrated i was at a leave without casting their balance i have to come back after school and it's difficult when you have a child in use devoting a certain time the polls are open at seven a.m. i should be a lot of voter seven a.m. said one voter who left the elections office is now setting out troubleshooting teams and getting on the phone with any workers who have them from oh god almighty there's only one thing we said it love in 2000 over and over again and i guess is only one thing to say that's true well radians dumb as dirt let's go to about it yeah priest suspended for a sexual abuse the art time isn't one oh the art time sees a Boston suspended another priest yesterday after an allegation of sexual misconduct with a minor was made against him the allegation against the Reverend Leonard E. Pelotier pastor of St. Louis different in low-mass was reported for the first time recently in dates back more than 20 years the art dicey's be seen art dicey's representatives have met with a pair of staff of same Louis different and an announcement was planned for mass last night a regional bishop of social worker other supports that planned out attending weekend master the art dicey said pastoral and counseling support have also been offered to the lives victim and the quality of course because there are a lot more worried about the priest and covering up his ass than the victims a message that for a public day last night was of course not immediately returned to the Boston globe are you surprised no this surprises me not Sacramento King star Chris Weber wasn't that in yesterday on charges he lied to a grand jury about his dealings with a university of Michigan basketball booster more than a decade ago not the prestigious university of Michigan Weber who led Michigan's fab five team to two NCAA title games was charged with obstructive justice and making a false declaration before a grand jury FBI spokeswoman Dron Clenney said Weber's father Mace Weber and his aunt Charles Charlene Johnson were in bed at it on the same charges if convicted each faces up to ten years in prison at a five hundred thousand dollar fine and he liked that look got about it the indictment contends that Weber his father and and lied to the grand jury and conspired to conceal the cash checks clothing jewelry and other benefits that booster Ed Martin gave the plan his family from 1983 all three testified in 2000 the kings and league spokesman each refused to comment on the indictment messages he can come in from the older rubber in Johnson were not immediately returned and see that a spokesman while he ran for a said Monday night that the college governing body would not come in on the indictment we don't talk about infraction cases run for a said after martens indictment Weber publicly denied taking significant amounts of money from him and said the government's charges were inaccurate martensly the guilty and made a conspiracy to martin admittedly took gambling money mixed with earned income and money to give him uh... given him from another person then loaned to at least four players rather were amateurs martens city paid two hundred eighty grand to Weber a hundred sixty thousand dollars to Robert trailer now with the new Orleans hornets hundred five grand a morey tailor now with the Houston rockets and seventy one grand eluice bullock was been playing professionally in europe trailer and bullock admitted receiving the money in testimony the grand jury the returny's defichments said former Michigan guard jaylon rose now with the koggle bulls on toutes but he took pocket money from martensickets had a good about it that's right sars wonoshur strike in twenty practices economic high six de that uh... the Whether a dictator to simply buy heaven more mother to you. Boolean there that is dirted in the ins and presidential dad. In a real boober boober and a toy room raised, The other doobers name was budding a K had an ill-bedding suit And a skeleton tall head and when they took his balls play discovery was dead. Brain did that is no brains of backwards room. Now Jim represents the Christian Reich, But somehow got support from the Jewish journal Kites, and other all in a mass grave, Very very deep and as wife wears a necklace of the fillings from their tea. Jewish gold melted down of course. The Tallahassee millionaire. Sorry, I'm Rick Himmler, as Jim Bush. Ava Braun and Columba, Ariana Huffington has Grammy, And Dan Bergen has General Berthalder. The Tallahassee millionaire. Brought to you by a Zagon A. But got about it. 1044-56, the WDQM, heavy toothed, They to its election, they get out there and do a baby. Vote for five times for Bill McBride. In fact, I wouldn't do that. Vote for five times for Bill McBride and once for Janet. You know, there's a few. Oh, you don't feel bad. Huh? So he's got a bad guy that Janet Reno, he's okay, but no chance. And of course, vote no one. No, I was at number 14, punch 243, and spite of what George tried to tell you before. It was from another fact. I know, care, what it was from. That fact was probably from an E.D. Bryant's, uh, right, husband. London groups, and here's a story. I've seen 85 different versions of the same story, okay? And you can spin this story, however you want. And of course, you do understand that the entire world now is being spun. Heavy duty. Now heavy. No, I'm talking these last few days with this Iraq business. I mean, he's spinning it like a cradle. Wrong holiday, W. He don't always do holidays, but he seems to be very effective at it anyway. London groups, as Iraq lacks nuclear material for bomb rights, war and hoax in the New York Times. Sodom who's saying a substantial stockpons of chemical and biological weapons, and the capacity to expand production of them on short notice, but Iraq will be unable to build nuclear weapon for years, unless it obtains radioactive material on the black market. A leading security affairs research organization said yesterday. The group, the International Institute for Strategic Studies, which is based in London, said that while there remained many doubts about the quantities and capabilities of Mr. Hussein's war material, there was no question that his government's priority was developing weapons of mass destruction. War, sanctions, and inspections have reversed and re-tarded but not limited, Iraq's nuclear biological and chemical weapons, and long-range missile capacity to remove Baghdad's enduring interest in developing these capabilities. John Shipman, the Institute director, said at the news conference. The retention of weapons of mass destruction capacities by Iraq has self-evidently the core objective of the regime for its sacrifice. All of it domestic and foreign policy goals to the singular aim, Mr. Shipman said. Sooner or later, it seems the Corridor Iraqi regime will eventually achieve its aims. George said to me, before the show today, if we're going to go and invade every country in the world, it's attempting to develop weapons of mass destruction. We're going to be invading just about everybody if my mathematics is correct. We're going to be real busy. Yeah, we're going to be awful busy. We've tried lots of main sanctions, inspections, air strikes, to force Iraq to cooperate with inspectors, and that hasn't happened. Gary Samor, the report's author, said. Mr. Shipman noted that both forces of action and discussion held risk. White and the threat will grow. Strike and the threat may be used, he said. I just mentioned that in passing, that story has been spun every week away, the last couple of days. FBI warns of potential threats. Okay, we want to get anybody nervous as we're approaching the anniversary of the United U.S. and case you haven't noticed tomorrow's anniversary of 9-11. Careful of new terror attacks, but armed with little specific information. The government warned potential targets to be on high alert, and they run up to the September 11th anniversary. While George is doing it, he's high on alert. While officials say they have noted tales outlining and impending attack, they're taking no chances. The FBI told police, you told these banks and the transportation industry to be wary. U.S. military bases and diplomatic missions worldwide, also run a high security alert for the week. Are you being wary? Yeah. White House press secretary, Eric Flesch, is dead yesterday. The threat of new attack remains a warning U.S. officials. Anniversaries can be not necessarily always. Can be occasions for heightened terrorist activity, Flesch, said, just given the fact that it's a one year anniversary, we're going to be on our toes, he said. The State Department issued a worldwide caution last night urging Americans to remain, especially vigilent this week. In the past few days, U.S. intelligence agencies have detected what officials now described as a marked increase in terrorist chatter information from moderate communications and other sources that are used as a barometer of the likelihood of potential attacks. The FBI's National Infrastructure Protection Center, which assesses threats to key utilities infrastructure issued a general alert last week. The large volume of threats have under-determined reliability continues to be received and investigated by the FBI, several of these threats make reference to the events of 9.11, 2001, Anthony York City and Washington, D.C. Other events mentioned on the website is warning increased awareness include. These September 10 through 20, if you went general assembly session in New York, and these September 25 to 29, World Bank International Montentary Fund meetings in Washington. The warnings are based on information from all U.S. intelligence sources from telephone calls to interviews with the attendees at the U.S. Navy Base in Guantanamo, according to a senior law enforcement official. Are you on alert now? Okay, yes. Are you high on alert? You better get high on alert, Mr. OK? Got the crap. Maybe that's what the Governor's daughter was just trying to do again. Maybe she was on high alert. Well, that'll perky right up. Emergency response training for massive attack remains weak. Reports says this is by Siobin McDonald associated press. From the kind of that Sean McDonough, because this is in the Boston Globe. That boring Sean McDonough does the red socks seem, oh, God, is he boring? What? Terminal. Emergency response system remains ill-prepared to deal with an attack on a West City with a weapon of mass destruction, a report released yesterday concludes. The Federation of American scientists study released in conjunction with Wednesday's first anniversary of the attacks on the Yorker, Washington offers a dismal reading on the abilities of doctors, nurses, law enforcers, and others to respond effectively to a nuclear biological or chemical attack. Most people don't feel prepared to have him recaliby. The Federation's president and co-author of the 40 page study. There are smart people prepared in emergency procedures, he said, but their training is inadequate to handle larger scale disasters. Having the equipment is one thing, but knowing what to do with it is another Kelly said, the key to emergency response he said are updated in coordinated training programs. The Federation and Surveyed Police officers, firefighters, emergency medical technicians and hospital workers, the frontline workers responding to an attack, most indicated they felt unprepared to have a attack with a weapon of mass destruction. The reports said, civilian and military medical personnel need to be trained quickly to respond to events involving weapons of mass destruction, then give an access to refresher courses and recommend a development of a coordinated federal state local training plan. While 9-11 galvanized people in the Waxton training programs exist, Kelly said, much needs to be done to coordinate work by different agencies and to update training methods. Training should be integrated into medical schools, nursing schools and other institutions that provide initial instruction he said and response training should be offered as continuing education and refresher courses. The study said federal planners are not taking advantage of new information technologies, many developed and deployed by the Defense Department to train more than five million emergency responders in the U.S. In other words, we're a little bit slow. There were a lot of programs out there said, mid-Jumoral and nurse who trains police on emergency responses. Everybody's doing some kind of training, but the matter is, is it standardized and cohesive? Without central guidance, responders are trained differently for similar situations. We have so many different agencies trying to make an impact. We lose standardization. In other words, the right hand don't know what the left hand is doing is what she's saying. And do we believe that? Yes, we do. Well, then it's time to promise things, so let's just cross our fingers and legs. I hope that the best. Alges era and Polatheus CNN is really, I'm sure the other networks too. Veryly pushing us in public is I wouldn't be surprised before the end of tomorrow. We see them doggy stuff tapes again. I'm telling ya, just one more time. Ah, the tape they had today over and over and over and over and over and at tape reportedly of Osama bin Laden praises the 19 Alkada hijackers or changing the face of history when they flew airlineers in the world trates center in Pentagon last year. There aren't enough words to describe how great these men weren't how great their deeds were been Laden said in an audio tape message played yesterday by the gutter based Arabic language TV news network, Alges era. It was not immediately clear when the tape was made but it left no doubt that Alkada was behind the terror attack. And if we had a doubt that killed more than 3000 people, it's a little bit late to be having doubts now wouldn't you think? A little bit. After we went over there and invaded Afghanistan and blew the a lot of these people, uh, blue or crap away. And the past Alkada released tapes claiming responsibility for terror attacks such as the October 2000 bombing of the US as coal and Yemen on Sector word. When you talk about the invasion of the American Washington, you talk about the men who changed the faces of history and went against the traders. Been Laden said on the tape. These great men of consolidated faith in the hearts of believers and underbind the plans of the crusaders and their agents and the region. This reminds me of the doggy uh, the tapes. Yeah. The same kind of naive approach to life. Oh, well, you know, seeing this shows just how barbaric and shows the nature of these people. As if you know killing 3000 people and hoping to kill a hell of a lot more than that didn't indicate what we were dealing with. They're kind of barbarism in the lunacy that they're guilty of kind of religious fanaticism, which nobody wants to talk about. Yeah, we don't want to be poor, but now we really hate them. Yeah, now we really hate them. If you thought they were evil doers before, now they're really real evil doers, not just what we thought before. Oh, got about it. Right. Manicue is speaking of terrorists and evil doers. Manicue is of conspiring to set up terrorist training camp in Oregon, pay to innocent. Manicue is of trying to help al-Qaeda set up a terrorist training camp in Oregon, pay to innocent. Yesterday, to conspiracy and weapons violation charges, James Ujama 36 didn't speak during the week court hearing except to say that he understood the charges. Remember that remember the Ujama's? Yes. Don't forget to vote him on tonight's personally in the winter time. Ujama was inside an August 29th at a federal grand jury in Seattle on charges of conspiracy to provide material support and resources for al-Qaeda's Osama bin Laden's terrorist network. And with using curing, possessing, and discharging firearms during a crime. The indictment contains that Ujama, a Muslim who was born James Thompson, led a conspiracy in 1999 to set up a training camp in Blay, Oregon. Magistrate John Weinberg said troph in November 4th and scheduled a detainment hearing for Monday. Next Monday, Ujama rains ruins in federal custody. Ujama was born in Denver, grew up in Seattle, where he worked as a community activist. It was arrested in Denver on a material witness born in July 22. They conspiracy charged for his maximum penalty of 15 years in prison and a $250,000 fine. The other 10 years in prison in the $250,000 fine. Attorney Peter Oftenbacher said his client, steadfastly as maintained as innocence, he refused to comment, further Ujama's mother Peggy Thompson, as he had a began crying when her son entered the courtroom Monday. I'm just glad to see him, she said he's innocent and I'm confident he'll be fine. Oh, we're fine. Exactly. Ah! 238 votes on our survey. And I understand that there's going to be a small handful of people out there going to like, you know, Oh, that neo-Rajas boy, he just always has to be different. You're going to get all the coverage you could possibly want in an opinion times more. 9.11. Tomorrow. I mean, all week long we've had it. In fact, all year long we've had it. But it's building up to a gigantic to a fever pitch to a feeding frenzy to a crescendo. Let's see that tomorrow. Let's see that tomorrow. One more time of the crater. Yeah, let's see, you know, a few more people in tears. Let's see the crater again. Let's see the people jumping out of the buildings. Man, like I said, I said yesterday I'll say it again. TV does the best job of exploiting human misery and suffering and the sensitizing the public, all of these things. Because after you see it for the five million times, I don't care how grotesque, how graphic it is. It doesn't mean anything anymore. It means nothing. You just keep seeing those images and it you just kind of like frozen it and it has no significant anymore. But anyway, so we're going to like probably like do something different tomorrow. Like we'll be take today off. Maybe we'll just have silence for four hours. How do you think? A four hour moment of silence. I suggest the dent. If Neil pays off comedy bits tomorrow and 9. 11 it will be better than rehashing last 9.1122. 51 percent sensational 54.22. 4.28. 11.5 percent in bad taste 17. This respectful 13. And on patriotic six six people said I'd be unpatriotic be doing that. And boy, the last thing I want to do is be unpatriotic. Isn't it? I want to like wave my put my arm up an air and a 45 degree angle and sing Deutschlandu Baralas. Come on, he's done. Want to do my Heinrich Hymru Hop? 1056 at 5.60 WQM. If you love your home, but you just need more space. Here's the answer for you that you've been looking for. Do what hundreds of other smart people are doing. Call strictly additions. Whether you're having a baby, you need another room. If you're converting a carport or patio and living space. If you went into business for yourself and you want to make a home office, just call the great folks at strictly additions. Do your one stuff, shop more space for your place, place with an absolutely worry for your approach to expanding your living space. No shows by the other contractors that let you know won't happen. In complete work, no way Jose. No unexpected bills, no worries about the job not getting done right. And they take care of every detail. They'll drop your blue prints. They get the building permits, handle all the inspections. Strictly additions got an easy five step approach to total customer satisfaction. Number one, they call the schedule a free project to evaluate your home where a project estimated will determine the scope of your addition. Number two, they schedule a bit of plumbing and they're convenient to your home or you'll get a detailed proposal and an exact price for your work. Number three, select your finishing touches, go to contract. Number four, review the design architectural drawings and then number five. Sit back and enjoy what a big smile on your face. As your dream edition moves ahead on schedule with unbeatable crawly, it's so easy. It's almost a piece of cake. He was strictly addition to call it 954-791-8100. That's 954-791-8100, they're licensed, they're insurance professionals who do spectacular work for you. Just check out their end of the L-Pages if you like call 954-791-8100 and tell them that Neil told you to call strictly addition. My life and law says it's 42550. You and you and you and you and you. Amanda, try to f**k them out! Oh, black! Look at who daddy is, everybody look at who daddy is, know that all that look at who daddy is, that he wins. He's racing with race around, if it's guard at his. Are you race driver that never wins, that he wins. Oh, now see how all you kids, they call me Mr. Reels, who are they too, not when a race in the rocket's 80. Oh, where are they, baby? You showed a fine today. Oh, the reason you wins is great. Oh, well, I came in and thought a bit, please. Well, you heard yourself, though, with all the play. Well, get that on it, house by the day. Oh, hey, ain't gonna take that chance, but if you meet COVID-19 last. Is that why you don't go out with me? You ain't used to, you can't compete. Well, I may be slow on the street. But I show beef as to my feet. I think you ain't no Bill McBride, but he doesn't mean tap dance. I will eat your ribs at 1102 at 5.60 a QAM. You ain't no Bill McBride. Number credit candidate for governor. I just mentioned that in passing. A couple of very distressing notices here on the facts machine. Laura says, like your good citizen, I went this morning to vote. First of all, my voting placed in even open until 7.07 a.m. Once inside, a poll worker titled deputy sheriff advises us to computers are still being programmed and will have to form a line and wait. Lawlessness all done before 7.00 a.m. she acts. The poll workers are all 100 years old. My last name starts with a.m. When I reached the a poll worker, she tells me I'm in the wrong line. I need to go to the m line. I told her my last name was a.m. Then she starts looking for my name and finally says, my name is nonetheless even though I've been voting there for over 20 years. At 7.30 a.m., the poll worker was still looking for my name. The computers are still being programmed. The lines getting long are I need to be a work by a.m. Finally, in the discussed, I took my driver's license and voter registration from the poll workers hand. I'm getting a lot of this place and I'm very pissed off and fired up. As I was leaving, I told the deputy sheriff I was leaving without voting. In my first call when I got to my office would be the mommy Harold. The election department sucks. First of all, they need to hire workers that are under 150 years old. And who speak English? How do you like that? Yeah. Volca. Somebody in Boko says that's Boko. Oh, Boko, Brian says somebody in Boko who sounds like Willie T. Ribs. Just got back from my Palm Beach polling location. I pleased the report. I'd be pleased to report the oxygenary and poll worker showed up. Not oxygenary and oxygenary. In other words, they're gasping for it. They're all over the edge of death. The new machines are fashion after the Indian casino nickel slots. I chose the lotto game. Valet that is entered on a swipe card, which probably works as well as the ones at the radio station. When I asked the poll workers how things were going, they said, we're fine. Then one old guy's hit the table like McClussian godfather. The oligree on one thing, Teresa LaPue smells like the back of Tito Fuente C food palace. Wow. Woo! Go on and vote today. Have a great time. It'll be a real experience, huh? Report more than 180 employees at Florida Charlie, Gen C of Colonel Pansch. I'll tell you your government is on such a great job heading that thing up. You know the gemster, the one who can't get anything straight in his own family. The one who's daughter again was in trouble over the, with her nose problem. I, I tell you, I think it would be safe to say. Remember I was talking that day about taking it up the nose. Right. I think it would be safe to say that the bush family has got that genetic problem. They all came to take it up the nose. At least something. Right. Florida's child welfare agency employees, at least 1803 people with criminal past, including felonies such as child molestation, child abuse, sex crimes, and drug dealing according to a report. Among the Department of Children and Families employees with criminal records, three were punished for child abuse, 22 for grand theft, seven for aggravated battery, two for DUI manslaughter, three for dealing drugs, ten for aggravated assault with a weapon and nine for welfare fraud, the hairdo reported on Sunday. One employee that had the agency's data security team in telehassy is listed on the state's list of sexual predators from a listing of five year old boy. DCF spokesman Tim Bakch who said the agency doesn't consider the man to risk because he doesn't come into contact with clients. Oh terrific. DCF official said the agency was wearing most cases of the charges against the employees and conducted background check to make sure their lives were on track and the DCF clients would not be in danger, but administrators acknowledged that in some cases the agency did not know about the criminal past. Bakch who said the 183 employees with record should be considered in the context of the number of people in the agency employees they wired about 24,000. But that's not too bad. It's like our security, I'm going to go what about 100 people running around in that building and only about 90 scumbags, what's wrong with that? Oh elder Bush, sites they terror blame game. Wait till you're this, can't wait. And keep in mind the Bush Saudi Carlisle group connection. Keep that to back in mind while I'm reading this. Former president Bush, this is Bush one, said yesterday he thinks the CIA was too harsh to criticize for failing to alert authorities in advance of the 911 terror attacks. I know that we predicted from time to time that there'd be in city of terror attacks, but I was surprised by the magnitude of it, Bush said on NBC today program yesterday. What I didn't like was the blame game that followed the CIA should have known the CIA should have predicted the FBI failed us. He said, I mean I get so irritated by these Monday morning quarterbacks who come rushing in with what should have happened. Oh it's big in a quarterbacks, how about Tom Brady? Oh! That line at the managed is always saying that he tuck it or do you do cock it? Yeah. You worry about the tuck part, man dog, I'll worry about. You cannot predict accurately the intentions of evil people or good people, Bush, and interview from a summer vacation home and Kenny Bunkport main underline the Bunk part. You can measure where the forces are, but it's impossible to always know when something's going to happen. Yeah, it would have been nice to know in advance, but to be able to afford the plan, he said, that's that the way the real world works. If you want to call that, that's not the way they're, how about all these other attacks that keep it, that they forelin' in the France, and all over the goddamn world? But that's not the way the real world works, he says. How about the one that the Canadian Customs agent up in the Northwest? Remember the guy that was going to come back that was going to go to LA Action, blow off the airport? Shut up. I see. But if you want to call that a failure, you have to fade it a predict, but it's not the failure of our intelligence internationally, or nationally per se, he said, whatever that means. Bush, the one-time director, of course, of the CIA, said it was bad, but it's on President George W. Media kept George Tenon as director of the CIA. It's not that the CIA is weak and no good the elder Bush said. It's not that you need to recognize it. It's not that you need to put it all into some other roof. I have great confidence in the director of CIA, and he's going to find ways to improve things. But what I object to is a painting with such a broad brush that you destroy a morale Bush said. Speaking of the war against terrorism, he said, rough against a different kind of enemy, and it's so hard to predict when and how it'll end. It's not going to end with a definitive judgment of whether Osama, Yumama, been lawless dead or lie, he said. But a will end with the terrorist realized they don't have the resources or the will of attack. Bush also said he was worried about the, here comes a good part about the effect on US Saudi relations of the war against terrorism. What I don't like is demonizing Saudi Arabia, he said, it's not true. They are not enemies of ours, and to come out of that kind of quit is, I think, is ridiculous, he said. And people in our position can't afford to be made to look ridiculous. How do you like that? But got about it, right? As whole. Well, I'm telling you, the Bush has been lawed in Carlisle Group connection. You think Congress is going to investigate that? Are we going to have a special Congress? Is Kenny a star? I'm going to like our conductives heavy duty investigations on that. No. Why does special report include in the word penis and vagina every other word? No. I don't think so. Well, did it have anything to do with penis and vagina? Maybe. Because I'll tell you one thing, the public's getting screwed. Especially at the gas pump. Francis, you're rock lays out scenario that could lead to using force against Iraq. See how they're all just like a bunch of dominoes. See how they're all toppling, they're all caving in. Except, of course, for a John Cray Chan. Oh, I'm rolling for a hug up here. Paris, French president, Jacques, you're rock is laid out a scenario for a three week deadline. That could open away to using force against Iraq, Joining a growing list of leaders who say they could envisage military action against Baghdad with conditions attached. Spain and the Netherlands on Monday do another anxious allies who while not signing on to prison and Bush's conviction that military action is necessary are not closing the door. Britain's squarely backspushes view that Iraqi leaders, Sotomu, say must be asked by force, and Italy is also shown support. Germany has categorically rejected any military action, and Russia has said it opposes the use of force, and of course, their good buddies with Iraq. In the interview with the New York Times published yesterday, Iraq suggests that a two-step plan by which the UN might permit the use of force via a security council resolution giving Iraqi a three week deadline that I mentioned that before, it will allow the return of UN weapons and inspectors a three week deadline, like sometime in early October, which would allow us to go in there like sometime in late October, sufficiently close to the November fifth election to whip up everybody's asudo patriotism again, get everybody singing God bless America, get Kate Smith back out of that wheelchair and out of her grave, and get everybody on the bandwagon on board, right? Right. UN inspectors trying to determine whether Iraq possesses biological, chemical, or nuclear weapons, left Iraq in 1998 in the bird from returning since, and about the most poignant thing that they ever say on TV is, well, Paula, well, Paula. Yeah, he was on a weekend today, and he basically said that Scott Ritter was a full of crap, but I would hasten to point out that this is the same Richard Butler, who in the early days after 9, and 11, he became a regular guest there on a CNN morning show with Paula, was saying that, oh, they got rid of everything, by the time we made sure they destroyed it, there's nothing left there. That one, he was singing that tune one day, and now he's singing a different tune. I'd be like that, pretty soon he's going to have his own, he's going to have Tom Kennedy on what him doing name that tune. And when he rips going out doing name that tune, we got Jim Mandat, you're one, Hank Goldberg, for a very, very, a cameo appearance today, it's three or a clock, or what is it? Yeah, three to four, thirty. I'll tell you the hump, he must be jealous of my good, because he's working less and less and less and enjoying it more. Hank, three to four, thirty, and he can't help but we got our Marlins game, I'm sure he's really broken up about that. You got double header, Marlins down decked for thirty, the Marlins at the Phillies, a double header, five, thirty to midnight. Oh, God, hours and hours, that should get some big numbers for us. Oh, any K after baseball is over, and then you'll mark overnight. The dirty boys, and if you missed their material between two and six, mole repeat some of them between six and six forty five tomorrow morning. That's a mole, Cheswick. Twelve minutes after 11 at five sixty, WQM on a great Tuesday, the son of Sean and here, this is the last day of the excessive heat up here, by the way. I just mentioned that in Pan. Okay, nine these today, a little smoggy, and none bother me though, because tomorrow's going to be in fact arrested the way, look at that 22, 22, 24, 72 and sunny tomorrow, 72 and sunny Thursday, 75 and sunny on Friday. So if you want to hear the Toronto weather forecast, just stay with us. Mac, you're shopping, let me tell you again one last time, please. God, about it, because if you want to do it the old tradition away by hopping in your car and running all over town, getting sweaty up, wasting that expensive gas that the Saudis are using your money for a cattle leaders. What, here's the deal, just sit there and use your phone, just call 1 800 mattress, 1 800 MAT, you'll be instantly if not sooner connected to an expert bed and consultant who's only job is to get you the best brand they mattress. Not so much fucking a department store who's selling lamps one day and so who's the next day and then maybe once I every now and then a mattress. And you got the best choice in the world because they got all the top brands of dialed mattress, like surd a and see Lee Simmons and King Quill, every time one of my mattress is done, I pick up the phone, I call these folks and they are there in no time at all. And you get to pick one ratio up between noon and two and one and three to and for any to our window that's convenient for you. And you're going to be home and of course any day of the week seven days away. Quiver heard of a deal like that, only a telematrous, which also only the ones that give you the 30 day in home comfort guarantee. So you can test your mattress the right way by sleeping and screwing your brains out on it. Pick up the phone and call her right now. You'll be sleeping with a big smile on your ugly pussy as soon as tonight, call 1 800 MATRUS 1 800 MATT T RES or check out out on the web if you like at matris.com. My and local means these five 60s the radio's all yours. You ain't kidding. Did he chuck it or did he cock it? It's my way through our friends and friends. We're at the rest of the story from USA today by duty king and horse movement. I got to get you one of our lunchtime pages where pages to one three. I'll be your student. I'll go with it. We're doing two inches up. We're leaving you all so I'm going to go. We're just taking another crap from the next game. I got about it. I got it. I got it. Go to the door. Play the fucking night on. This be my tool. This be my tool. But to the don't make you gay. I'm in our cure for our teacher. It was a package of this. I was the captain. I'm going to the doofa and we discovered that. I'm going to like that. I'm going to meet you three to the public like we're all three year old. Someone something like that. Jerry Falwell's second attempt to shut down parody website is Miss Guyden. This Miss Falwell's lawsuit against internet critic. Public citizen tells Virginia court. A lawsuit Jerry Falwell found in Virginia against an internet critic. It should be dismissed because it was filed in the wrong state and has no merit. Public citizen told a court today yesterday. It's Falwell's second legal attempt to shut down the critics website, which pirates Falwell in a statement about the responsibility of gays for the terrorist attacks of 9.11 Among other things. The site at www.jerryfallwell.com. Pokes fun at Falwell's Amicus. You've a biblical literalism and is pension forgiving advice. Another page reports to discover a biblical code showing that Falwell is a false prophet. After the site went up last year, Falwell's attorney said the site's creator Illinois resident Gary Cohen Letter of demanding the co-interno of the domain names. It's a Falwell. Cohen refused Falwell then filed a complaint against Cohen with the World Inlectual Property Organization WIPO. WIPO. Give her a white hole? No. Allegedly. You did now. Allegedly. I can't tell. Falwell never had the registered his name. You were out there again. Crap and again. I'm not feeling so high. Why what's the problem? I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I hope the audience is listening carefully to this. Okay. On to the timings. Timing is really bad tomorrow. B9 11. If anybody should be called and sick tomorrow. The audience is going to say, ah, what a wimp. Hide none of the bed. I'll be here. Sam well, better be there. The white ball rejected Falwell's claims from on June 20th. Falwell sued Cohen in the U.S. District Court's Western District of Virginia. He led trademark violations in liable. In a motion filed with the court yesterday, public citizen, which along with the ACLU of Virginia's representing Cohen, asked the court to dismiss the case for a variety of reasons. How do you like that, huh? So you almost did that like loud cough. Now you also, you just refatch me those two pages of that, but that's the wrong story. Oh, I'm sorry. I didn't know which one you want. Tying a plot, news, timing a plot news because Bush is a gender. Oh, that's something that's bad. That's bad. I'm going to correct public says. What? That's the only page I got. That's the only page. That's the only page. I don't get one of two, but nevertheless, because I looked up on USA today. By the way, there's a story on USA today, which is another one of the reasons I don't plus, I, all those colorful pages just blind me, you know, blinded by the blight. I can't handle all those bright colors. But there's an article in there where we must never forget. Now, I mean, that's like one step away from a bin Laden was a bad man, you know? And what he knew, they're doing a right-now on CNN. But I am told by very, very credible sources who are on the front lines there in the region that they believe that he is alive, that he isn't the tribal areas of northwest Pakistan, which is not under the central authority control of the... Well, let's go get the son of a bitch. What do you say before we start worrying about son of a bitch? Okay. Just for all time sake. We hit him with five shots. And he's still alive. Anyway, so there's a story in USA today, but while we must never forget that, that's just... Nobody's going to forget. We don't have to go through a whole big solemn song and then, and get all morbid into press, which of course is what they're hoping for. And everybody crapping in their pants, which is also what they're hoping for. That's not going to accomplish anything. Except, of course, once again, getting everybody to get out the flags and go through this whole pseudo patriotism routine again, Deutschland Uber Wallace. The announcement Monday that US officials had nabbed and alleged they'll cut a terrorist to a kind of explosion, a radioactive dirty bomb, and the US they mentioned, with President Bush's agenda. Oh, that was the Josep idea thing. Yes. It came forth. So this is all. I'm looking forward here for the rest of it on the US day today website. And of course, I can't find it because this story is older than Sada's. But it says it came four days after Bush proposed a home-line security department in his cabinet, and 10 days after it began in the describing not been a preemptive military stress against countries that threatened the US. It seemed to add impetus to his argument that Sada Hussein must be ousted before a rocky cell weapons and mass destruction to terrorists. But some people, especially some Democrats, wonder whether the arrest announcement details, don't tell little too tidally with Bush's agenda. Those questions were fueled by the fact that the announcement came a month after Abdul al-Muhar's arrest may eighth and by reports that he had no radioactive material. Oh, this is a different one. This is before Josepadea. Oh, didn't have nothing. Well, I know we've had a series of those. And John Askcroft says this. And John Askcroft says that in all turns out to be a bunch of crap, and you might as well have got about it. Right. Source, Rhode Island, church, sex abuse deal. By the way, whoever's listening, don't fact me there are two pages that's an old story. I thought it was like something new and exciting. And of course, you know, it made sense to me being with the election coming up. And of course, we have an election going on today. If you go to your polling place, there's anybody who's picked the English out of the age of 100. Maybe they'll help you vote. Is that a disgrace or what? Is what? As once again, Florida continued. I think we got a death wish. I think that the state of Florida, the people who live there had this death, but it tend to continue showing their breakdown to the world. We got a bunch of moaners. Once upon a time, we stepped on moanies. I think that we got the moaners. Want to just bend over and show their ass to the world. Hey, I'm a florety. Oh, huh. What kind of dumb I can be? And of course, the poll workers, most of whom are comatose. And when I voted that last time in 2000, oh, brother, after in the acres, I moved some people on the beach of 100 in the acres of Talica and old farts, but they must have shipped them in from some areas late since right up the road. And agreement has been reached the settled decade of lawsuits that accused Roman Catholic clergy of sexual abuse, a source posted in negotiations told the AP. In all 38 lawsuits were filed on the early 1990s against the DICS of Providence by men and women who accused 11 clergy of molesting them when they were children. The source who spoke on the condition of course of an enemy like everybody else in the world would not say of all 38 cases were affected by the settlement. A spokesman for the DICS would not confirm or deny that the settlement had been reached a lawyer for the plaintiff's also. Well, what's the point? Nobody wants to say nothing to climb to comment. However, Bishop Robert, well, they already, they admit it to it. Okay. Okay. The death of a city, this is Detroit. The death of a city councilman after a weight reduction surgery has focused attention. Well, you're going to grow us down on this. Are you finished eating? Yes. Good thing. Who brought food today? Macaroni grilled. Oh, I love Macaroni grilled. What a great thing. I had some like chicken and botai pasta, sort of a cream sauce and chucked veal parm. All right. Love their veal parm. Let's see. Here's a facts from all you see who this is from. Why did you facts me a facts from a Tim pots? Because what? Because you want to waste the sheet of paper? Because I'm already crumbling it up. Maybe Tim, go get in the car with mommy and go out for a ride. Maybe you can pick up very jackass and take him to work at the hero. Maybe he'll share his brown paper bag lunch with you. John, Tim pots. It's enough to send me straight to the. Boy, you're just passing up a storm here, aren't you? Well, no, no, I want to do. I want to go get back to this story here. Please. The death of a city councilman in Detroit after weight reduction surgery has focused attention on a newly available technique in which a new is tightened around the stomach. Ready for that? Okay. Councilwoman Brenda Scott who weighed more than 300 pounds died September 2 from an infection by a stomach perforation three days after surgery had poured here on a hospital. The medical examiner ruled the death by accident. Probably just a coincidence. Scott 47 underwent a procedure called Lath band adjustable gastric banding, which what approval from the FDA in June of 2001. The procedure has been done on early 90,000 people out of countries, mostly in Europe over the past nine years. The procedure involves placing an adjustable silicone band around the upper part of the stomach, creating a small gastric pouch that limits food conception and creates an earlier feeling of fullness. Like you want to puke that kind of thing. Once in place, the device is inflated with saline can be tightened or loosened. It's intended to remain in place permanently, but can be removed if necessary. Surgeons use keyhole surgery to put it in place. Other surgical treatments were obesity such as stomach stapling and gastric bypass are more invasive. Just ask Josh Friedman, he'll smell the health of it. The FDA has said Lath banding is intended only for severe severe diabetes people. Those of at least 100 pounds overweight are twice the ideal body weight in a fail-alibus way by that, exercise and other means. So, Greg's postum for animid corp and Santa Barbara California, make this a dilapidant device, the death rate worldwide has been extremely low about five to see. Tencent hundreds, five thousand to one percent. That's pretty low, you know, I already love it. So, in fact, the next time you see a fat boy on a pot in there, but it's very door open because you can't get it. No, seriously, just get a few of people to help you and go in there and know, grab him and stick that gastric band around his poop. Okay, I got a big fat rubber band over here. That'll do. That's how I'm good. Or just snap it at him a little bit. By the way, Jerry Lewis is okay. That's when Larry King said last night. And the French are buried alive in here then. 283 votes on our survey. If Neil plays all comedy bits tomorrow, 9-11, it will be better than rehashing 9-11 from last year, 51 percent, 145. Sensational 61, boring 35, inventage 21, this respectful 16, and on patriotic still, only six. Oh, God, thank God for that. 1127 at 560 WQM with the mad dog will be on it, one o'clock. He'll be on it. When you shop for quality footwear, am I doing the right spot? I don't know. Chuck says yes. Oh, yeah, I'm doing Brandy shoes. But how does he know which shoe store I was going to do? Could have been a new balance. He's looking at the lot. Oh, I see. But how does he know I'm doing the right thing? Brandy shoes, that's what I'm doing. Good job, they're Chuck. Chuck said, by the way, you're full of crap. Anyway, Brandy shoes give you the biggest selection to choose from. They have people who work there who really know your feet. They've been in the same location for a long time. It's a great shoes store. That's just another shoe store. It's a mega store and they've always got some special deals going on, which enabled you to save a ton of cash on your favorite. I choose. And the top quality names in the world are waiting for you at Brandy's Including Rock Sports, S.A.S. Spearies, Timberland, Naturalizer, and lots more. Brandy's is open every day if you're like from 99. Sunday, 10 to 5. And you'll find them at 12.90 North federal highway in Pump and O' Beach. It's a final summer clearance close out sale right now as I speak for a select group of famous brands that up to 73% savings. Only at Brandy's shoes in Pump and O' Beach, and like I said, right now. We're sports radio five six four. You a M. You get a lot of bass. You do Rogers on sports old radio W.U.A. Oh. Down through the bridge points back and go. You're a dollar in the garden over the tattoo closed. You stay honey, cut money, boy. Go away, take it to the back, get the bride with. And go. And go. And go. That's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's that. Take your clothes on jeans and sit. I'm gonna hold it down like a suit of space. Take it up a big roll of his bed. Only by the style gets you tailor it back. Ain't dough. Ain't dough. Worked first. Ain't dough. That's the end of it. Go, hand the loop big back back. She'd order me to bold and cry Back then she could have shouted out Who would be the skis of my daughter's power? Angel Angel Angel That's an angel You're a bit of a big brother Love the 23 or five 60 WKM I remember years ago When a human Humphrey died from cancer Yeah And he was not going to kill him And he was falling out And there was a fraught cover I think it was time magazine And it said the public dying of human Humphrey What The public dying of human humphrey We were watching him like with a roll in the eye. You see what I'm saying? I get it. And I'm thinking about fat boy right now And of course as much as we're hoping for him and praying desperately to all the gods But I'm thinking of myself the gods must be crazy because they're not doing nothing for him Just like all those people I got insinuated to you or go tomorrow right. They're not doing much for him either And of course the the Spector of him is sitting in there on a can with his wheelchair off the one side in the handy cracked zone Just I don't know how's that rich to it? Actress Patty Duke was hospitalized after suffering a concussion and scoffer actually early in the week when she tried to apply fly spray to a horse in her barn Is that an incredible story or why? Do 55 who lives in northern Idaho with her husband Michael Pierce was listed in fair condition at the Kutten i Medical Center's intensive care unit in Cordellay Not a whole skin of that place. It's pronounced kutney cordelaine kutney kutney see I knew that was right up your alley all the night I hope been there often the I've driven through it fast and drove through Wyoming You guys are free because that's our dick chaney might be there and they said oh no chicken the Wyoming The prognosis is excellent Pierce said sheriff deputies quoted Pierce is saying that he left the barn while Duke was out About to apply the spray to a two-year-old Philly and one of the stalls heard a thump and his wife then cried out When he got back inside the barn Pierce told deputies he saw Duke on the floor of the stall The horse was excited and nervous and startled but not attacking Pierce was quoted as saying Duke won best supporting actress Oscar 1963 for her role in the miracle worker, but obviously she needed one errand didn't sure what quarter length of beautiful little town by the way I'm happy to hear that and I'll take your word for it Speaking of people in hospitals and people getting the rubber bands around their puppet and their stomach stapled Study finds over 40 drugger is daily in hospitals More than 40 potentially harmful drugger is daily were found daily were found on average in hospitals in a new study yet another Report I worry some problem regulators are working to remedy. Oh, yeah The most commoners were giving hospitalized patients medication at the wrong times or not at all Researchers in the study of 36 hospitals and nursing homes in Colorado and Georgia be saying Arizona court in nearly one of five doses in a typical 300-bed hospital, which translates to about two errors per patient daily You following that two errors per patient daily seven percent of the errors were considered potentially harmful The study which didn't evaluate death of injury rates is published in the September 9th archives of internal medicine It's based on data collected in 1999 The rates are similar to those in other reports on drug years, but the new study highlights a specific point in the process of getting a drug to a patient administering errors made by nurses or other hospital staffers after doctor is properly prescribed a drug other studies focused on earlier steps such as doctors Prescribing the wrong drug or pharmacist incorrectly reading a doctor's messy handwriting Amateur was one this just marveled at that messy handwriting. You wonder hey, I wonder if the pharmacist can read that well, maybe sometime. Maybe sometime not It's a major problem not a minor problem and it doesn't lend itself to an easy solution Said researcher Kenneth Barker an Auburn University professor of pharmacy care systems Barker in his colleagues have activated hospitals according to accredited by the joint commission on accreditation of health care organizations Not accredited to hospitals and nursing facilities error rates were similar regardless of whether institution was accredited or not The researchers said their findings support implications in a highly publicized 1999 Institute of Medicine reports rejecting that the nation's hospitals have major systems problems The IOM reports is that medical errors contribute to more than one million injuries and up to 98,000 deaths annually Healthcare workers trained for a new study We're sat on site and recorded theirs during 81 days of observation Potentially harmful errors included overdoses and instances when nurses failed to get patients prescribed medication The study follows the joint commission's recent announcement of six safety standards. It will require in January to read this medical errors The hospital we're going to read into the credits most of the nation's 6,000 hospitals the new standards include demanding better methods of preventing drug years And hospitals that don't measure and perversity losing accreditation and federal money So in other words if you've got to go in the hospital at least wait till January or after okay? Okay, because it might be a little bit better than don't count on it, but it might 3 and retrieves on our survey on neo-roggers.com We asked today if Neil plays all comedy bits tomorrow 9 11 because we're trying to do something different on his show as opposed to being just another one of these Repetitious the same old stuff over and over again things tomorrow Better than rehashing last 9 1157 people said that almost 52 percent sensational 62 people say that 20 and a half percent boring 39 12.8 percent in bad taste 22 This respectful 17 and on patriotic still only six That was still only got six of those Of course you know who those people are. Yeah, they're all they're all dialing around trying to find rush right now And pillow Riley and maybe the life of Riley too How come I say stuff that only book a brain and I know what I'm talking about you know Just for fun. Yeah, keep him alive by the way, so at least I got one guy out there who knows what they're I'm talking about 21 till on noon at 5 60 WQ and but I tell you this show is zoom in log just like yesterday Yesterday show and I like set a four hours four minutes. Yep. Tell Hank doing four hours ain't that bad Maybe you'll try it sometime before the years out Huh? What do you think? Just just one day, huh, for not listen. I admire that just like the man dog said the day that I asked him where were you yesterday? He said F and off And I thought that was a great answer. You know if if and I that's what I said F and A I said you cock it and all or how is it how that go you tuck it? Colorado I got to do the break. I'm getting out of that story now. I got to do the break. See I'm getting way ahead of myself Dry concepts are the best in the world at what they do in every business. There's one outfit that do it better in everybody else and that's why I've been using it in my home for over 20 years Couple a month ago while I was I guess I was here was night Yeah When they came to the house and they did a spectacular job and when I got home I looked around and I said except for where a tiny Had a field in the corner over there. They did a magnificent job You know what you'd like to do with little dog like that when when you've had dry concepts come in and they make it look the whole house like brand new Carpenting when you have wall to wall in every room and your little dog as soon as like a day after they leave He's in there making a mess Yeah, you like you like to pick him up and take him right to the microwave and just just hold him up in the air looking at it, you know And then maybe open up the door a little bit You know hey tiny take a look in here. Maybe it looks just your size This was made for you sweetheart Anyway, dry concepts will do the same great job for you and maybe you don't have a little bug Maybe nobody in your house will crap on the floor. That'll be the good news Dry concepts will make your carpets look and smell fantastic Lemon he fresh they'll be drying a couple of hours and you'll be the happiest camper You won't believe I guarantee if you've never used them you won't believe what a sensational job they do And they do the same great job. We're cleaning your furniture and drapery of spot-time Fiber protection carpet repairs Inplant a renal rug service for your valuable oriental carpets the authorization and if you should ever have a flood Complete water damage restoration. Guess who's coming to my house today by the way? Remember Vugs Steve. Oh excellent First Steve and John said for he sure restrained Anyway, and they give you written guaranteed price a drug concept two before they start doing the job In Broward County called rock concepts at nine five four three seven oh seventy seven seventy eight If you're thinking about calling anybody else, oh god about it in Broward nine five four three seven Oh seventy seven seventy eight and data Palm Beach column toll free 1 800 two four eight five oh seven one That's 1 800 two four eight five oh seven one clean today entertained and I would dry concepts Feels to disrespectんな your bike addicted to a What I do I do school to have a goal to eat But got about it Jump jump in the way Jump back up And let's see a bird jump Check the golden cat I'll jump through the ball Oh I do school to have a goal to eat I do school to have a goal to eat And run Five musicians Where they're catching up And they go Do they reach out there, my little boy So poor pressure Oh Show up there, then, so worth heavy We can't get by And I'm down to their distance Or I ain't going there Oh, what? And tell me why Why don't you explore their nose Here, let's know it's not the last door I tell what that is you Oh Why don't you explore their nose I've seen a bird's butterfly on both of them It's T obligation Yes Well i can watch seafood I need to wait for a while With your eye And I'll hold in two Speれて on the fire How you don't think I got time here between now I want to clock the go Dylan through my little white sack to it. Oh good So like I said refax which you got on it's what not not page one though. I got page one got it Colorado ski resort pulls edge E ads Colorado ski industry has been pulling out the stops to lure young skiers and snowboard Is now that aging baby boomers are battling bad knees, but one resort's Engy ads were dumped after some complaint that they went over the edge and one thing we learned on this show a long time ago Don't ever go over the edge. Look got about it the break of red ski resort Used an offensive word for women Tolerian customers in one pradette that begins the hill may dominate you another rapper for decorates by using a slang term For male anatomy and of course in this story which is by the Associated Press God forbid that they should tell us what those words were That's f***ing bitch something like that Bitches Under pressure for women's groups community leaders residents and vines is the resort is pulled the ad campaign a Pulled it Freckridge brick atage mayor Sam a mule a city called the resort's chief operating officer Roger McCarthy on Friday to tell him the guest were canceling reservations and Residents and others were in sense. They were burning in sense Later in the day McCrothi called him back to say the ad campaign was being pulled the one segment was already in production cannot be stopped Let me tell you right now about people at the burn-in sense druggies or Fartars the mark and more both the marketing staff was trying to create an edge-y ad campaign Appearing to the day's youth McCarthy said some of the wording in the two ads in question crossed a line that you're not even crossed as Result the two ads have been pulled he said sometimes when companies make mistakes the best thing to do is just admit the mistake and Move on try to cover your ass the ads were placed in publications according skateboarding or F. I favorite snowboarding and stance magazines what all is stance? It's an industry magazine I see about that key in a scheme nobody really and campaign to the history of being edgy Absolute vodka pulled a campaign after veil resorts which owns Brecken and threatened to sue it showed a bottle in the shape of a cast Suggesting a ski accident with awards absolute veil scrolled on it. What's wrong with that? I don't know budget car rental stuff to campaign that showed a skier tangled in a tree it offered free premium sunglasses to frequent customers Saying those who rent four times get to see in menacing menacing menacing tree coming That probably didn't bother them with a little picture of sunny bone when a corner is probably in fourth place Okay, not pages two and three you tell me page three a screw it up at the top. Well, nice okay. You just you forget You just see that one line and you got about it right This is from the British the daily mirror It says bottom who's saying is years away from developing his own nuclear weapons and informant's a defense report review Yesterday the respected international Institute for Strategic Studies which I had before had us serve in the York Times demolished claims by Tony Blair and President Bush that Iraq's weapons are a direct an imminent threat to America The 75 page dossier son could make a nuclear bomb within months if he got hold of weapons grid material But the experts insist that's highly unlikely and a rack stability to produce and use weapons of as destruction is weaker now than before the 1991 Gulf War It realized that two thirds of his military were eliminated. Yes, it is To find the findings will embarrassed number ten mr. Blair was accused yesterday of master mining and alarmist propaganda campaign to win support for the war in Iraq That's number ten down a street where the prime minister lives for you dummies out there The French expert said the report published ahead of the premium premier's promised evidence on the threat from Sodom was nothing new the London based Something or others said the dictator has only a small force of a dozen missiles which cannot reach beyond his Middle East neighbors The London based IISS the International Institute for Strategic Studies he could develop an nuclear weapon in months if enrits uranium a Key component was stolen or bought on the black market but despite years of trying to acquire rating Iraq has failed The reports authors said there have been reports of attempts but not a min successful I personally think it is a low possibility How dare you go? Of course not at life, but who cares about because we already know that To good dog and pony show man. I'll tell you doing that you got to give him credit is doing a hell of a job with it And then of course Thursday just for too. It's the plan that day after the anniversary of 9. 11 Thursday there's going to be the speech at the UN And they're going to hop on a bandwagon and butter beat but a boop but about and they're all going to like you know Kaven you'll see okay Vegas tribute to 9 11. Let's go to Vegas. What do you say? I mean if our good friend Lynn Sandiel wants to go to Orlando City why do we go to Vegas? All right The words are written in white on a navy blue cotton t-shirt Leach gray by the desert sun But there's still visible to the thousands who walk past the New York near Cotele casino all gave some some gave all The shirt is among hundreds that line defense boarding the hotels facade a miniature harbor with 150 foot replica of Lady Liberty And the York City skyline farm performing in moral. Let's bring up hours after the 9 11 terrorist attacks People kind of related to the whole New York skyline theme Las Vegas fire department spokesman Tim's as Manski said someone just left the shirt there and literally There were now things from all over the world the world trade center was never part of the hotel Skyline which is supposed to represent the big apple of the 1940s with fire department patches Orragami paper cranes and the same spirit of remembrance the impromptu tribute were resembles those near ground zero And the aftermath of the attacks the same day photographs poems candle started appearing in front of the fence said Felix rapper for president Chief operating officer for New York near Cotele. Have you ever been in there did you go in? No good So okay, wasn't there what I was there last? Oh, it wasn't there they have a shrapid in there. You ever go to shrapid? Nope for like an ice cream and probably have like real Maltids in there to a trap Very quickly that expanded with number of t-shirts many which came from fire companies We now have t-shirts that represent fire departments from all the country is kind of a symbol of solidarity said Rap reports and the hotels receive more than 2,500 shirts and still gets doesn't each week either by mail or when people hang them on the fence In some places the shirts run more than a dozen layers deep John Smith a an emergency medical technician from the San Francisco Bay area Walked along the fence video taping while and Vegas celebrating is when you're wedding anniversary with his wife Vanessa It makes you feel more appreciated oftentimes when we see people denounce their very best and very seldom do we hear? Thank you. He said Talked among the shirts is a child's crayon drawing showing the twin powers in gulf and red smoke and Stick people saying a Across the top is written. Thank you for trying to say all of the people Stick people saying Okay, four eight is and six ages Like that In fact, I never knew until this day I never know how you spell Yeah, that must be what it is. Maybe Greg wrote it some notes and written pieces have been Whether the seemingly blank pieces of paper the University of Nevada Vegas is quite the most of the written items to preserve them Rap reports said though some messages have been lost the sentimentist clear said Jackie Madderick of Percibony New Jersey who isn't even more over the husband Tony don't you love that name? Percibony New Jersey hmm, what am I very favorite names of towns? It makes me feel like the whole country's together She said we live 40 miles outside in New York and to be across the country and see all of us It really means a lot the hotel begin construction of a print in Memorial to feed of lady Liberty in October Skipped it would be finished by late December. They're not gonna commercialize that you think. Let's not Shadow boxes in case in granted will contain some of the artifacts left by visitors other items will be archived and stored in UNLV special collections department People have laid in our lap to responsibility of caring for the seven were honored rap reports said it's a very very heartfelt memorial See it's not commercial so quick What being such a skeptic okay? One thing about you 300 27 votes in our survey the votes are slide in If Neil plays all comedy bits tomorrow for all four hours on 9.11 It will be better than rehashing last 9.11 170 52 percent sensational 64 almost 20 percent boring 44 13.5 percent in bad taste 25 Distrespectful 18 and on patriotic still only sick. All right like that only six assholes out there One of the guilt trip on me. Oh, you're on patriotic man. You're a comedy picco Canadian Dutch Okay, so what's your point? I'm in also the can I give you one point? All right, you know how much I like Tom leave in a one good guy He's now he loves this show his ad agency blows okay? Because first of all even they make up copy they change they they do like a Todd directly change two or three words and then they give it to Bob Eisenberg have you think he's gonna be right it? You think he's gonna do anything creative Anything to make like a no, I'm telling you man we got a crisis in copy it to a m a crisis in copy screw in you idiotic bitch You swat you piece of turd We have a crisis of copy It's getting so stale it's like last decade's all of on man It's like pizza that was left and guide them a W W W to in Japan somewhere that got no Think that you think of eating pizza in Japan back then No, no, how do you know maybe that I don't know well something to think about maybe something to investigate Maybe Robert's stack knows huh? I'll be right back it out. Maybe he's got one under that guy damn top Cody Where's all the time at trench code and you want to say about guys who were trench coats? What do they say? 1156 at five 60 W Q a m time layman maybe waiting for in a trench coat all over have to whether have to cool off a little But down in hell a potty xgmc and they're absolutely at it again They're doing it they are doing it and not right in new copy But they're doing it zero percent financing continues They change like about four or five words and they know that's it because their agency blows With the proof credit from gma see you can get zero percent financing up to 36 months on all 2003 Pontiac and gmc models or take you or rebate about to four grand at all 2002 Pontiacs or gmc models and stuck I think that's a way of try to tell us that the 2003's are in stock now Which is pretty damn exciting I would say in fact I'm pretty anxious to see the 2003 Corvettes which they don't sell at halibut by the way check out the complete line of gmc SUVs including the on-voi voted by motor trend as SUV the or which I'm sure you are with no plus take a peek at the all new Pontiac Vibus UV a beauty that's got the power of magnificent sports car Halits also has always got a dependable selection pre-owned cars presence port silly vehicles that you can depend on and as far as credit is concerned Even if you're like shady even if you used to work in radio even if you used to work with that guy from that the broadcasting school No problem. I'll make you in deal and hell it So for a great deal and unbeatable deal on Pontiacs and gmcs see halibut and there's same great location They've been doing people for 35 years one 341 sub-dixie highway that's US one across from the falls open every single day of your life Seven days a week for more information call time layman at 305 2 3 8 40 40 and when you call them tell hey, no Bob Eisenberg is a piece of turd 305 238 40 40 halibut Pontiac gmc They do be professional gray My Years for 205 60 u a u a m How a David when I take my felldine I listen to the new rages 12 the one hour not George because he stupid I can't wait to see What happens without me ever drinking The girls are healthy And the bottom thing How I miss big call a Be Last year he went last And yet is the fan Come back for more care Last year reaching a cup We hit his gun Rest of my pain in your gun We're fally loudly so every one 칭然 Oh, god about it Famous who know what our demanded's coming over. What a big hand différent for soprano's movie? Yeah, I heard about that. Don't bet the climax yet it says, but odds are looking better and better that these sopranos will hit the big screen after its TV run. I think there's a real good possibility we'll do it said, brand-grey, executive producer of HBO Smash Mob Drama, where we're having real serious conversations, I think we're getting close. Gray in about 2000 as post-is-friends, crammed into Rockefeller plans recently, to celebrate the long-awaited launch of the show's fourth season, which is scheduled for Sunday. Did you know that? Are you kidding until the calendar? Well, I mean, a small bit a lot of be starting pretty soon too, shouldn't it? I guess? Like maybe next Tuesday? I'm a certainly thing so. Before the bash, the group which included James Gandel, Feaning most of the cast, screen the first of episodes that radio, the city musical, HBO chief Chris Albrecht led the Rockist Pepper Alley. Since the first season we've been approached by pretty much every major studio graces, Warner Brothers will get first-in because it's all in the family that is AOL Time Warner owns HP. Oh! Creative will lead us away to continue these characters and have them grow in the new form graces, adding that he and the series creator David Chase just met to talk it through. Production on the movie won't be beginning until after the fifth and final season graces, shooting for those episodes displayed at the start in February, and a debut scheduled for next September. The movie could expand into a franchise all-as-star Trek, right now, just, but first he says, we want to make sure it has the same care and quality we give to the series, and then it feels right to take it to this new form. And the guy still has the same bad hairpiece. I, I started my movie channels here where she had the equivalent of HBO, it's been on AirB9, I guess building up to the end of that. You're not gonna get anything out of it watching it in the middle of the fourth season for seven minutes at a time. How about two minutes? No. How about ten seconds? Start at the first episode. Oh wait a minute. On land security. Probably what they're going to advise all Americans to do is to keep their eyes open to be eaten more easily. And they have been to the possibility of going to the world to order and to end up being free in my features. Fishers to their local authorities. Apart from that, here, because I don't know yet what the nature of the threat is that they're responding to, I can't tell you about any additional precautions that might be recommended for the average American. Certainly, it's going to mean that law enforcement agencies across the nation and perhaps across the world are going to have to step up their efforts and their staffing. The yellow orange keeps your eyes open. Keep it peeled. Look at how about it. Every young 10 days of new season morning. We have a yellow line. Or not. They have something to hide. Not now they, but if you lay their eyes with freeing, and keep the eyes open for you. Like a yellow line. They have a line. They're going to be the line. And that's why we have a yellow line. Can't explain and the way of what these likes do. What these likes all wish in their head. With the dead of no pens and you don't go through. And in a time and one can still go away. Have a yellow line. But they can't survive. We have a yellow line. Or not. Every young 10 days of new season morning. We have a yellow line. We have a yellow line. We have a yellow line. We have a yellow line. Okay. Governor Tom Bridget. He'd be saying we're upgrading from yellow to orange now. Because you don't need to keep your eye peeled. Keep your eye on it. Is that tell us anything? Do we know any more than we did before? Is there anything specific? No. Just orange alert. This is also right up your alley. Not only soprano's directives. The George stuff for this hour. Thank you. Robert Blake's changed man. But for ready brands he'll be shooting again on TV. That is. GL may have made Robert Blake unrecognizable. And I'll see. This is on page something in the globe. I'll pay you right on the inside of the front page page. Right after you see Rosie all the gusty up his a guy. Oh and look at that. You haven't even noticed that. She's wearing plaid pants which are similar to the shorts that Moe wears. Moe tess what kind of golf course. Only she has much smaller hair co-steens. Do you think she's got a small vein? GL may have made Robert Blake unrecognizable. But it hasn't cribbed the accused wife killers cocky attitude. See how this all ties in together? The pint size of a redistar is boasting he'll beat the murder rap and make a glittering career come back. And there's that picture him. You know what he looks like? I swear to you, you've got to get the globe. He looks like a hard drag. He looks like a hard drag. He looks like a hard drag. Oh no, come on. Yeah. I'll shriveled up about two feet tall and would like white hair. He looks just like a hard drag. I tend to this. I will act again. Blake said it turned 69 to 10 or 18 vowed to talk to your host Larry King from his L.A. Sales to us. What is it? Oh, that'll be 69 to 10 or 18th. I'm sorry. You could use a little punctuation these stories by the way. You idiots at the globe. And he says his two year old daughter Rosie will be there to cheer him on. See, and Rosie's on the front page, not the same one. Blake is charged with shooting Rosie's mom, body league, bickly in the head. While as she said in the park, her me 2001, Rosie will be on a soundstage watching, Blake insists everything is about Rosie. His friends had that one of the first things he'll do when he's released is go to a firing range and shoot comes from his vast collection. That's what he says. What would you do? While Blake talked big to King, the five four actor looked like a shadow of his former partner, and he appeared gone and white here in an L.A. court august 28th, where he won a continuous for his trial. On November 13, prosecutors were trying to prove that he murdered a 44 year old vaguely. George has been the testifying on Robert's behalf by the way. Oh, I know what this right. Yeah, so the bitch had a common. Low reported to line up that Blake had become a ramping, sobbing wreck behind bars in a central jail in L.A. Where he was denied the right to die his white here to his trademark jet black. But Blake was full of bravado when he bragged to King that his months behind bars were a piece of cake. These are the worst places to be in. And he says there are worst places to be in the jail. He said I've been on worst locations and worst dressing rooms. This cement wilderness is just a passing phase. The actor's friend, say Blake is convinced he'll be acquitted. Robert has got complete confidence in his lawyers and knows that they can persuade a curator for a minute and can find the pal. And he's always saying, you'll see I'll get off. There's no way in hell that Pareto will be convicted of murder. In his mind, it's only a matter of time before he's out of jail playing with Rosie and shooting guns from his prize. Collection. Oh, we got a Michael Jackson story here too. All right. Wouldn't want to disappoint. Too bad, dad. Jack O. Plays screw just dad's kicked out of his home. Michael Jackson's down and out dad was booted from his home after the club to one refused to give him a cent to avoid foreclosure. Fab business deals like Joe Jackson on the break of ruin and facing foreclosure on his house. But his kids still resentful of his tough parenting. Didn't do a thing. Didn't let the finger much less of glove hand to help. That guy can live on the street for all I care. Michael, help to a family friend. He was helping in public. There's a picture here on an angle from like below Michael Jackson's push. Okay. And. That that knows. I mean. For lack of a better word. Oh, what is it? Anyway. In the months leading up to the foreclosure, multi-millionaire in Michael's advice is 73 year old father lived in the early empty Las Vegas house. There was something Michael for your father for your father come on. No, he was a bastard. Said the family friend. There's absolutely no love between Michael and his dad at one point when he was hit up by a family member for money for his dad's Vegas house. Michael, how you've got to be kid. How do you like that? And of course, you know that high squeaky voice that he's got. Yeah, probably. Oh, kids. Are you fucking kidding me? Yeah. Ironically Joseph lost the Jackson five and Michael's career. But he ran the family like a boot camp. In fact, if for only Sally Jesse would have been around back then or show was still beyond the year. That would have been her most famous boot camp. When the Jackson's were growing up in Indiana, Joseph worked three jobs. So we could afford seeing lessons and costumes instruments for his kid. Sit in insider. Now that he needs to borrow money his own son turned his back on him. Well, he's turned his back on a lot of people. Explain the family friend. Things haven't been good between Joe and Michael for years ever since the beginning. Joe has been a taskmaster with his children. Even in a sick, they call him Joseph instead of dad. Professionally, Joe's hard tactics work. But personally, Joe emanated his childrens. And as soon as they were old enough, one by one, they all fired him as their manager. Kind of like the Beach Boys. Remember that? Yes. His financial condition deteriorated. The business deals dissolved in the lawsuit. Although Michael had been in Las Vegas several times in recent weeks. He never once visited or called his father, according to the insider. He knew his father was losing the house. He knew how desperate he was. But he never even made the slightest attempt to help. Joseph had lived on an off and his church Vegas get away for years while his wife Katherine spends much of her time at their family estate in the Insinole, California. Fortunately, Katherine came to Joseph's rescue. But about the same time his daughter Janet delivered a hard kick to the old man's already better than he got. And another family source. Joseph recently moved to another place in Vegas that his wife is now leasing for him. The money you know for the new place comes straight from Katherine, not Michael. Meanwhile, Katherine is telling friends that Janet just bought her place in Vegas under one condition that Joseph could not live there. Joseph is paying the price. Late in life for all the bitterness his kids feel toward him. It's sad to see. You think that after all these years the bitterness would fade away. But it just seems to have gotten stronger. There's nothing worse than having a bad relationship with your father or mother or mother or both. Wonder if mom would listen to that story. 344 votes on a folder starting to mount up their man. They're mounting it. If Neil pays comedy, but it's all they tomorrow on 9.11, it would be better than rehashing last 9.11. 174 sensational 71. Boring 45. In bad taste 27, this respect will 18. And on patriotic we're now up to the end. Thank goodness. We gooseed that up a little bit. Nothing like a good goose. Have you heard the news about the 3.95% mortgage? I guarantee that you have. Have you heard it? I'm sure. And if you've been thinking about it, quit thinking and start doing something. They'll save you a lot of cash because that was the smart time to purchase a home or refinance a resisting home at the incredibly, the unbelievably low rate of only 3.95%. If you have a 7.5% mortgage, that 3.95% rate would save you over 3.5% or over 3500 bucks just the first year alone on a $100,000 mortgage. Don't make things hard. Pick up the phone and call financial group tool free at 1.80940. For all LEND, that's 1.894.053.63. Getting a mortgage someplace else will cost you thousands and thousands and billions of dollars extra each year. So just think all of them are not even safe. When you have a 3.95% mortgage financial groups help thousands of people just like you. So do the smart thing and put your financing in the best possible position by getting yourself a 3.95% mortgage. Call financial group today and tell them that Todd Dreck. Let me say it against grand. We got a copy crisis at QAM. A copy crisis. Yellow alert. Orange alert. Purple alert. Call financial group today. Tole 3 at 1.8094053. That's 1.894.053.63. They're an equal housing lender. Credit restrictions do apply and rates are something to change if you wait too long. My life and low. This is 4.2550. You way too way. Yeah. Baby, come play with these titties. Okay. Okay. Where the time? Look at chains that won't stay on. There's no. She's my partner to guide on. Rack them. That's there's a play. We're all the gutter high. I can make a grow. Robbie, honey, is that? I can make a grow. With my partner, booty. I'm with their double. Because it's such a cute, it's one of those things I wouldn't call. They're such a bad girl. I can make a grow. With my partner, booty. That won't stay on the floor. Because it's such a cute, it's one of the things I would call. But they're such a bad girl. But they're such a bad girl. Don't forget, yellow on her has been increased down. There's very fly show on her. But it would put about, but it had Jacoba Goldstein from our university in Spanish language, Jérario. Am I making that up? Did you see that? He was asking one of the questions. Jacoba Goldstein. He said, oh, I'm going to be black. Something like that. There he is. Jacoba Goldstein. Jacoba Goldstein. Is that how you say Jacoba? No. Jacoba Manjekobo. Of course. I can just knock off. Jacoba Goldstein calls. Yeah, not out of there. Whatever. Are we in an hour? Are we? All by the way, did I mention I saved the bug man's in my house today? You did, though, you were you said that he called. And then he was coming over. I said, I said, I guess who's going to be in my house today. I said, see the bug man. I'm just mentioning again because he wants a nice plug. I mean, deserves it. Did a nice job of the ants. How's your termites doing still that? All gone. Still that little pellet. The largest termites are still dead. My answer, dead in a door nail. And it's all thanks to Steve from, what is it? ATL, alternative termite management. Good guy. They do a good job. They don't come and see. He made a good point to me. That is when you spray in one isolated area. All you're doing is killing whatever happens to me there at the moment. They make up for it. And then they go back in a multiply like a thousand times more. And then with vengeance, they come back. Right. But he puts down that stuff, you know, that mong. In little tiny pieces of straw. First, what you might say, George, is how's he made sure he cut the straw into very tiny pieces? Because he was afraid of what George might use the straw for it. Anyway, remember Kelly Clarkson, what we're talking about the beginning of the show about she's going to be singing the National Anthem, or God bless America, or all of these things? Well, I should have had this story back then, because this is very important news. It sure is out of our important thing in vating Iraq, or all of these ceremonies and the songs and this whole song and the dance they put on, because they wanted with everybody up into a feeding frenzy again. Are they or aren't they in the hero? This was Saturday. Isn't it inevitable really you ask? On Fridays today, show American Idol champ, Kelly Clarkson accidentally remarked that her relationship with the run out of just in Guarini may not be strictly a platonic reports TV guide online. When a fan asked Clarkson if she was dating Guarini, she replied, we're just friends, nothing like that. Yet, yet, after realizing what she implied, the Texan's beauty who was seated next to Guarini blusher and we retracted the comment. Why didn't mean that? Meanwhile, Clarkson's victory song, a moment like this, will be arriving in music during September 17th. It is all but guaranteed to be hit. Oh, yeah, we're glad to hear that. I know she's a cure-out to that. Every day is big as Kelly Osborne, probably, or Kelly Craig. Nobody's that big. I'm sorry Kelly, I didn't mean that. We like Kelly Craig. She's just big, you know? She couldn't get off that bicycle pump. She fell on it one day and it just... Anyway, Kelly Clarkson, who's, you know, Marjorie looking at best, and Jason, Justin Guarini, which I called him cute one day, I want to retract that. Just like she retracted her comment, he's about as cute as a pile of... ...exhuman. He's gross. He's gross. He's got the woolly ends here from the scalp up. He looks just like woolly ends. From the scalp down. I would say... But got about it. Yeah. Yeah, we got bigger fish to fry it in that. We got Tom Wellen coming back on a new season on Smallville. You realize it's only the second season of that show. Right. Well, the reason I say that is because I have a mist-like, a whole bunch of stuff from previous use, because I just discovered that show by accident last year. And the good news on that is that also, that that show is another one. It's almost every day somewhere on the cable when you have digital cable every night. We runs. It's amazing. Like the planos. Maybe the amazing thing. It'll finally take off. You mean he'll fly? Yeah, that's what I mean. I don't think Tom Wellen floats. But you know, you think everybody floats. A video game? Why bigger part? Huh? Video game dispute leads to teen bloodgening. See a better watch at Mr. Woodhouse kind of comment. By the way, be sure to vote no today on Prop 14 in date counting. Punch 243 in spite of the propaganda George was puking out before. George said it was from a fact that came in because he went in the other room and facts it in. 243 punched no vote on a need of the orange juice queen and about the. I said it that they are messed those man between the two of them. They are something. They need to be in a rubber room. And also be sure and vote for a watch is name. I mean the tap dance of Bill McBride. Great guy. A wonderful American of Vietnam vet. A guy that's never stole a freight train. A guy that earned his own living worked his way up in a business world. And is a good decent guy. As opposed to somebody born with a silver spoon in his. Blackcomb ass. Or somebody that couldn't win a guy then ripped a ring to actually even in Florida. Which is Janet. We like Janet like I said he's a really good guy but no chance. No way Janet. You're out. A 16 year old boy was in police custody Saturday accused of bludging another student with a hammer during a dispute over a video game controller authority said. This is in Warrensville Heights, Ohio. What kind of video game? The attack occurred at Warrensville Heights high school. Maybe we'll get to that. The victim also 16 suffered a fractured skull and was taken to Hillcris Hospital. The hospital on Saturday wouldn't release the condition of the boys in ninth grade. His accuses of attacker in 11th grade could be charged with felony assault. Fossil said the 11th grade had told him last Wednesday. The ninth grade had threatened to beat him until he stopped breathing. If he didn't bring in money to replace a lost video game controller that had belonged to the ninth greater. Unfortunately in the story doesn't tell you what video game. Last Thursday the 11th grader took the hammer walked up behind the ninth grader. Hit him twice on the right side of the head. Witnesses told police that the ninth grader fell and is attacker swung the hammer twice more. And kicked at his head. A security guard then restrained the 11th grader. School superintendent Gwendel and coaxons you would recommend the 11th grader's immediate expulsion. No, she met honey. No, she met. Here's some promising news for all you dog lovers out there. Pet food developed to relieve dog arthritis. Nothing from my birth site which is getting better. Very slow. I guess it takes weeks and weeks. What do you mean you don't know? Why don't you know anything about precise? Why not? I don't have it yet. You will. Some people are for you too because the Lord Worse and Mysterious Worse. It's a good and better. Stay by day but very slow. It's like that aching the elbow and again. It's you know, I know what it is. Anyway, lester England veterinarians have harnessed the pub news even green lift muscles. Coach I love those news even green lift muscles. Hmm almost as good as spotted dick. To produce a dog food that helps relieve arthritis pain suffered by aging canons around the globe. As many as a fifth of the 4.8 billion dogs in Britain alone experienced the painful inflammation of the joints which is especially prevalent in large breeds and older dogs, yeah my golden retriever had that. He doesn't eat nothing with it now though. But veterinarians in scientists that waltham they pecked care side of US candy and food maker Mars Inc. Sit on Monday they have produced a food using New Zealand green lift muscles to ease the suffering of man's best friend. It includes an extract from flesh of the muscles that's been processed in the special way. It's been used for seven years to alleviate the pain of arthritis in humans or the howl is it? I've ever heard that green lift muscles haven't you heard about that? No. No we haven't. We know that over 50% of dogs over the age of 8 start to develop arthritis in various joints. It's usually their hips, their knees and their elbows said doctor Carl Hurley who represented a research Carol at his to a British science conference Carol with a K. Veterinary net waltham research center in less this year. Oh, see I was talking about this the other day. I was looking for another. I said that until now treatments consisted of daily in anti-inflammatory drugs however there's evidence to suggest that the use of these drugs may have adverse and distressing side effects including irritation and erection vomiting and also she told the British association for the advancement in science conference. In a US trial for out of five canon given a supplement of the extract in the dog food children improvement in arthritic symptoms after just six weeks. How do you like that? Fine. The dog food which can be used is a supplement or a fed the dogs for life will be available throughout the Netherlands and Europe Australia to Japan and the good news is the US. We're pretty rarely is the good stuff around. Usually the crap is around on the US but in this particular case the good stuff for your dog. Soon be like old and crippled and like hunched and you know wobbling around and your dog will feel great. Well that makes me feel better. Makes you feel bad for one. Better. Prop 27 at 5.60 WQM. We're just you know, inching our way up to the mad dog here on a clock. Now that football season is on again. All those people that were doubting the patriots by the way and Tommy Brady shame on you. Huh? What if performance last night? Overwhelming. And that cordel Stewart. You know he quarterbacks like Dan Stewart. Oh we're fine. Yeah. I think there's a lot more in common too. Hey guys you've heard me talk about becoming a high paid computer professional and about the big number of high paying jobs that are out there waiting for you in the real world. The question is how do you find a good school little puppy get into one and do it? Well there's only one school that's got four convenient locations in Dave and Broward. There's one school that's got certified Microsoft instructors convenient day and evening and Weekning classes when it's convenient for you. There's only one school that's got full time placement to farm with over 30 years experience. So they we know they're crap. With the school you can put your program get certified in just four short months. It's real honest to goodness hands on training that school of course is fast train. Be sure and have a chat with Todd Rec about it. I guarantee he'll tend you to do it. You've heard us talk about our friends at fast train so get off your butt. Pick up that phone and call it is no obligation and they'll tell you exactly how to get started on the road to a serious career. Call toll free 1 866 fast train. That's 1 866 fast train or check them out on the web if you like it fast train.com. Did I mention we have a copy crisis in 2A? My life and look all this is 42560. 2A yeah. I can't you keep that on. Hey, you can't let animals go. America's favorite slump meat trash who's only claimed the thing is that she grew a rich guy. And with me. And an accol. The no talent that gooey face he but famous celebrity. You mean is sir? No. Watch tonight and Bob Bila applies her makeup. All right. She's in perfect way still. You shouldn't feel a thing my use is power. She does this look good. She can't act. She can't talk. She can't think. Say she could run for president. The anonical show tonight on air. It's a property to a 560. Here's a story about yes. Who? And a call in the inquire. Hot new book reveals the wilder side of anonical says and you thought she was our regeson TV. Her appetite for sex and drugs and food. Wild knights would lesbian strippers and how she cheated on her sugar daddy. Which will get to in a second but of course, first more important. The US Homeland Security Office is raising its nationwide state of alert for the first time since March. Putting it at the orange level signifying a high risk of terror attack. Sources said. Most of it because that has been disclosed. The action is being taken on the first anniversary of the 911 terrorist attacks that Code More than 3000 people and the rumor has it that they've crased the chatter that they ran back to Alcana and it deals with the US attacks on US interest overseas. But they point out that last year there were an intercepting the same things. And then of course what happened. Not that we want to get people panic. It's just keep your eyes open. Your eyes, your ears. The country's been on yellow alert which indicates a significant risk of terror attacks. US Attorney John O'Jetrol John Askcroff will make a formal announcement later today. And that, in fact, CNN is a proletting 115. They're going to have like the formal song in advance. So that's probably him. Heinrich Kimway Jr. The warning system has five levels starting with green. The lowest alert followed by blue, yellow, orange and red. The latter is the highest alert level indicating a severe threat. Each Code triggers specific actions by federal agencies and state and local governments. A congressional source said that some staffers on Capitol Hill received a briefing yesterday telling them that the nation's threat level will be raised. I don't know how it's from yellow to orange. Orange alert. Okay. You got it. Orange alert. Got it. Okay. Make sure everybody in the building knows. Including fat boy. Put little orange tag on his a wheelchair. And in the course, Smith's outrageous reality TV show has shocked America but off camera. She's even more depraved reveals a book about the blonde bombshell. In great big beautiful doll, the Anna Col Smith story, authors Eric and Diva were reading, paint a lurid picture of a woman who was a seemingly unquenchable appetite for sex, booze, drugs, food, money and start him. When Anna got fame and start him, she couldn't handle it. Eric was still the inquire and she still completely out of control. Anna was born Vicki Lynn Hogan in Texas on November 28, 1967, and eventually turned her back under Deputy Sheriff Mother Virgy and justing that Merlin Monroe was a real mother. Oh, give me a break. She grew up on the dusty town of Mexia. MEXIA? I guess Mexia, Mexia. Mexia. Vigmizia. Working as a chicken fry cook in an age 17 married cook Billy Smith. They had a son Daniel. But after two years of marriage, she ditched Smith and headed for Houston become a stripper. Flat chested Vicki was forced to work the less lucrative daytime hours. She was she began taking on extra work to make money for breast implants according to the book. Vicki had her first implants in 1989. Later she had another operation resulting in her 42 double-debreast. But got about it. The stripper's romantic taste allegedly included women according to the book. The book quotes a fellow dancer who said she was more partial to women because she would get money from men and buy stuff for her girlfriends. How do you like that? What about Eric? Eric said he witnessed one of Vicki's sexy scenes in a Houston bar. She pulled off her friends' blouse and kissed her breasts. Said, writing her drinking and drugging and sexual forays were stretching the limits of even a no holds bar in the world of the top of the club. Vicki was dancing one day when, while my linear J Howard Marshall, unfortunately wanted it, he fell in love and began showering her with gifts, gold, golden showers. In September 1991, Vicki answered an ad and wound up posing nude in a test for playboy magazine. But it had to have an extra big issue for that when she was the centerful. She wasn't that fat then. Playboy went wild for Vicki but she was told that the magazine would fly to California and she began fearing her saying, I thought they were going to fly me to LA. Huh? When they were told the magazine would fly to California and she began fearing her saying, I thought they were going to fly me to LA. Do you understand that? I think they're trying to say that she's an idiot doesn't know where LA is. Oh, oh I see. I couldn't relate to something quite that stupid. I may do work for Greg, but said redding, she was under the impression that Los Angeles was in New York. Oh, if I would have just kept going. Vicki's initial photo, she was delayed when she sent she'd suffered cuts and bruises from a voting accident. Actually, she'd been in an auto accident, it was arrested for a DUI. In 1992, Vicki was linked to Paul Marciano, president of Gess. Oh, yes. All the while still taking money from Marshall with her wife, one minute dollar ranch. It was Marciano came up with her new name and an Nicole. Another boyfriend, Clay Spire's claim to Anna got drunk just about every night. I was with her, according to the book. She also abused drugs, painkillers, and ecstasy. She kept battling her appetite after two liposuction treatments. She began overeating again, her cousin will in the bill be saying the relation to Howard. In a month Anna had gained all the weight fact that she had liposuction about 25,000 bucks right down the old. Turlet. In June 1994, the 26 year old Anna finally married Marshall 89. She immediately left for a photo shoot in Greece on the Armour Piero de Jean, a bodyguard who eventually became her lover, according to the book, leaving Marshall weeping in his wheelchair. During her 14 month marriage, Anna would bring home women for Marshall to Ogo, ready to hold the inquiry. Long before Marshall died in 1995, his family battled Anna over the estate. I don't believe Anna will ever see a dime of Marshall's 88-minute bucks as writing, Howard sun despises her and would rather fight than give the money to Anna. How do you like that, Apple, huh? Yeah, whatever. Nasty fat bitch. Yeah. Isn't the York in California? And I guess Greece is in the pan. She had written 77 votes on a poll. If Neil pays all comedy bits tomorrow 9-11, would you blow your brains out? What's the deal? Like I said, change it. 139 votes. Better than rehashing last 9-1192, almost 51 percent of that. Sensational 75, almost 20 percent said that. Boring 52, but I'm sure they'll still listen. So you add those three up and you got a lot, you know? In Vantay's 30, disrespectful 20, an unpatriotic 10, a nice even wonderful member that we can all relate to. 10, right? Right. Like Tom Brady, even though he wears number 12 on his uniform, he's still 10. 21 till 1, we got speaking of Tom Brady, a good Michigan boy, Jim Mandage coming up. I want to talk this afternoon, who I'm sure will be raving about the sensational performance of the Patriots last night. So just kick and ask over the embarrassingly in a Pittsburgh Steelers. I love watching Bill Coward on the sideline when the Steelers are getting a crap knocked out of him because he's in a nut case. He's a madman. He's got a hat. You know, his whole face gets distorted and his jaw drops down to his elbow. It's a beautiful thing to see. Because they kicked their ass like and he's screaming at the shwarts his on the sideline. I ain't going to do any good Bill. You'll lose. Schmuck. Hey, speaking of bizarre things. I'm going to tell you about South Florida's climate, man, it blows. Because it's always too high. It's always too human. It sucks. Maybe like four or five days a year pretty good, but not now. Only a minute is a product. You can take the keep you in good health no matter how hot our humidifier is. Insufferable it becomes. Only a minute is a soft, yellow capsule inside of it. Our all kinds of good things like pharmaceutical, right, olive oil, vitamins, minerals, and herbals. And then make a different product for each party or party. Only a minute is got a product specifically designed for your prostate. One for your heart. One for your blood pressure and cholesterol. They also have supplements to promote health and your circulatory system. Your digestive, your endocrine system, your skin, your bones and one. Even for your mind, all of you are using the benefits of the best olive oil you'll find anywhere. Don't forget, only a minute makes products for men and for women as well. Only a minute is available all over time. If you'd like to try and see what it does for you, pick some up at Walgreens, Whole Food Markets, and a viral pharmacy or Sonano is if you want to get more information before you buy it, just call their toll free number and ask away. Call 1-866-Oleomid. That's 1-866-Oleomid. And you can order their products right after your informative website too if you like. Add olio-mentamericad.com. If you'd like to go live in the local least these five 60's, your own yours. Cuey-in! I'm banging the butt, honey. Tonight on E-E-E-E, entertainment television. And in a cold, thanks a lot for the interview. I saw a bottle of soy sauce. Okay, this is so cold! Okay! Well, did you know that those whales in the England and that being some cells, themselves, they did it because they wanted to be near a television when your show premieres on Sunday. Well, I didn't think about that. Yeah, they think you're one of them. I'm trying on E. Right, well, I went to the bathroom that time. You're not trying to say she's stupid, are you? Yes. Okay, 1245 at 5. 60 WDQ and we got 1244. Don't get ahead of yourself. Now, just come down. I have plenty of time. I do have a great article. I don't have time for today. So at the beginning of the show tomorrow, even though I'm going to play a lot of comedy, Britsett doesn't mean I'm not going to interject to mother stuff. Well, good. The long ensured of it by Robert G. Kaiser, Washington Post, although it's very, very critical of the administration and about what the hell is going on in the American public doesn't know squad about what's going on because they're not telling us, would that be on Patriotic to do tomorrow? No. Okay. Not that I care. I mean, no matter what you would have said, would that stop me from reading it? No. No. Because only 10 people said that it would be on Patriotic to play the Brits. So just because it happens to be the anniversary of 9-11, doesn't mean that we have to be forced to federal on a craft. You'll get more than that from the mainstream media, believe me. They'll be giving you all the problem. All the propaganda you could ever want and then some believe me. Airlines, speaking to giving you something they don't want to give you anything. Airlines cut back, pinch passengers, say goodbye to peanuts and full service freebies. Many airlines are charging more for less. It's not just heightened security and flight delays that are making air travel tough these days. It says, in a bid to keep cost under control, full service carriers are cutting back on freebies from meals and drinks to baggage checks. They're also imposing new fees raising old ones and making rules more restrictive than ever. In other words, don't count on pampering or an extra bag of peanuts on your next flight these days. It's every man for himself. After 9-11 airlines saw 20% of the revenue kicked out from one of them, they have to adjust to Michael Boyd in Airlines' aimless and personally Boyd Group in Evergreen, Colorado. In terms of being able to offer rock bottom first to match budget airlines like Southwest, they can't do it. What they have to do is emulate how easy those airlines make it for passengers through business with them, you never make money saying no to a customer. As it turns out, however, plenty of airlines are saying, as they clamped on rules that had passengers were at hurts in their wallets. The most cumbersome of these changes are being made to a non-refundable ticket policies. In the past, passengers holding such tickets could be booked a different flight and pay the difference today, not so easy. US Airways, for example, US Scare, an inflated August that passengers with non-refundable tickets to miss their flights won't be able to get on a new one or be placed in standby status instead, they must buy a new ticket. And starting next year, miles you earn with non-refundable fears won't count toward free tickets or other loyalty awards, the move has prompted harsh criticism, but other airlines are following suit. Continental and American just announced that non-refundable tickets for a fly-stocked tour were one or afterwards, must be exchanged part of the departure if you try to swap afterwards you'll have to buy a new ticket. However, if it's clear you must original flight fly-file if you always do to say a flat tire or some other delay out of your control, continental or rebuked you on another flight for no fee, so company spokesman Russon Johnson. Uh-oh, just move right ahead. The best defense be sure you know the rules before your buyer ticket and leave plenty of time to get to the airport. And of course now, we were asking about people that were going to fly tomorrow, right? And we had all those, oh, all those brave guys, oh, yeah, we would fly. I don't think so. Now that they raised me alone to orange alert. Now that they're getting everybody crap at an airport. If you're eye peeled, keep on high alert. Why look to the right, look to the left, look underneath, look in your window. You know, then over and look deep up your ass, make sure that everything's okay. You don't think that part of the is like covering the rest of you. Speaking of flying 29 airport workers facing charges in Miami, I thought that we have here about how great it was in Miami from that old buddy daddy. I see him in the NBC 6th, a model of a system. A model of a old buddy daddy. In fact, that would be a good poll question one day, who's the bigger old washed up buddy daddy, Mo Cheswick or Ike Seaman? That's a tough one. A try County sweep of airport workers Friday resulted in the rest more than 2,000 people. Most of them illegal immigrants accused of lying to get jobs in secure areas like as part of an ongoing effort prompted by post 9, 11 security concerns. 29 corridor former employees at the U.S. major three airports are facing federal charges. Eight people who get access to MIA seven connected to Fort Loderedale Hollywood and 14 from Palm Beach International Airport. You know, Palm Beach County's got some real goddamn problems like that. You know what? All around between Torecia LaPore and those votes for a pack of you can and just 14 at Palm Beach, which is just about as many as Miami and Fort Loderedale combines. Don't forget their Catholic problem. Wow. Boy, did they have a series of problems? This is just a tip of the iceberg since James Goldman assistant director of investigations for the INS. Unduccuminant aliens cannot begin to be employed in the U.S. but even worse, these people gain access areas like tarmacs, aircrafts, fueling systems and cargo. Boy, those arrested allegedly falsified names, social security numbers, document-based and criminal histories in order to get jobs according to the U.S. Attorney's Office. A U.S. citizen working in MIA in a permanent resident employed at Fort Loderedale International were arrested on charges that they concealed criminal histories and on the story go. So, orange alert. Well, I'm trying to like her theory lines as you just stay home tomorrow, but am I not here real bad idea? Not staying home, but not flying. Or even staying home. Good idea. Do you really think there are some people who are bad? Yeah, you were already planning the seats for that earlier. You're not fooling us. Even the audience caught out of that. Oh, I'm not feeling real good. I've been pregnant. I'm pregnant. Yeah, that's right. Even if they have to win you win in that fat boy's chair. Oh, no. No, you didn't have to bring my chair here. And if would have been Josh Friedman's chair, you would definitely not sit on that. Am I correct? You're correct. Our close personal fat friend, Josh Friedman. He was stapled as he was skinny. Oh, did he really lose any meaningful weight? Oh, I speak in that modest segue in a balance for life. You know, see, he would have been smart instead of having to staples in jeopardizing his life. He would have gotten his little black sack every day. Every day. Tick toy stradford was in this morning talking about his little black sack. It was disgusting. Anyway, balance for life will do it for you like our great close personal friend, the beast who I'm sure by the end of this week will hop on the scale again. He lost 53 pounds at last count and just over five months and you can do the same. Whether you've got like 20 pounds to lose or 50 or 100 even more, balance for life is the painless way to do it because you don't have to stap. You don't have to be the prime yourself. That's one of the horrendous things with so many other weight loss programs and fat diets is that you don't eat anything. And especially the ones where they provide the food, the other ones. And they're little tiny packages like putrid systems and like Jenny, whatever her name was, Jenny Craig. Worthing. But not with balance for life because in your little black sack which they deliver right to your door every day by six o'clock in the morning, there are three delicious gourmet meals with fresh fantastic ingredients, nothing frozen, nothing in little box and two delicious snacks right in there along with more than 60 ounce bottle of water. So you're going to be full all day long. You're not going to be having to worry about what you buy in the supermarket or counting calories of carbs because they make all the choices for you. The only choice you have to worry about is the fact that they let you choose between two alternatives for each meal every day that you're on the program. So if you don't like fish for example, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, if you don't want the babba ganouche, right? Right. Get the tofu. Yeah. Oh, that was so bad. But you know what we'll do. Oh, god, about it. Right. Let balance for life take care of you and get that weight off of you no time at all. You'll be looking like a human being even better than the beast. That's just about care and teeth. Call balance for life today and get started right away. Call 9-5-4-5-6-832-29-9-5-4-5-6-832-29 or visit their website if you like at balanceforlife.com. Way like men and they look like women. Oh, she's a son. He's got a f*** up. Push it to the starting part. F*** up. Hey, push it to the starting part. F*** up. Push it to the starting part. F*** up. Yeah. Jamie said right off the fence, laid it. He's got a set vacation to win it. They were getting too close. Two minutes now, oh, headed, fighting. How to test this all above a crew again. We're drawing math. Push it to the starting part. F*** up. Oh, push it to the starting part. F*** up. Push it to the starting part. F*** up. Push it to the starting part. F*** up. If they don't insist this one, we're three times three thousand miles away from the advantage. Push your brain wash, f***ing. Also cut their soap in. You'll put them back in open to the gym. dryer. I need your ****, push it to the starting part. F*** up. Push it to the starting part. Fuck that. Push it the starting part. F**K up. Push it the starting part. F*** up that hair off me. Push it to the starting part. F**K up the booty. Push it to the starting part. F*** up. P*** up for me. Give me smoking a picket. Oh fuck that. Push it to the starting part. question conference he five at five sixty don't forget to go on photo you got to seven o'clock tonight or whenever they decide to close the polls the way things are going It's just more the same grant I mean why would we have thought that they'd improved off of two years ago? You know when you come right down with? I don't know still can't get their act together gotten vote 243 on the christian fanatical religion is to homophobia Part two forty three vote no on the heat and also be sure vote for bill McGray our tap game Addancing a guy the man that's gonna send jet bush back to what Texas were they a rotten spoon in the back of us Is that the one I'm not a dick I'm thinking those little spoons of some people use you know Yeah, like the daughter Now you don't know that you use those little tiny spoon. No, she could probably use this as a pinky nail. I see Anyway, somebody facts is in and thank you very very much. Let's see here's bring time home It says okay, we're stretching a bit. We're stretching it. I'll chuck fun all this stuff by the way. Oh, thank you Chuck But it sure beats ripping out pages from that team mag you can have your very own life size poster of town willing You'll just need a printer some tape and a lot of wall space. I got space. It's Oh, I think it's got the whole thing where you find it. I know where to find it, too So there's time running and here's the on a bad news is though. This is the pressing today is only the 10th Right, that's a and now how come that is RC because HP always not like a regular network And so they start their season whenever he'll feel like it as opposed to like other networks In addition to it's of course boxing a regular network either, so they do whatever it'll be one So instead of next Tuesday a week from the night for the new season of smallville It's two weeks from the night. Oh, I've got about it. Yeah, by then maybe I will but I doubt it I'll have my guilt build the anticipation and I mean the government is under telling us right now Situation in the rocket. Yeah, see they're on there right now. Tell us about the yellow light up to orange light We're on height in the alert So we have to stay on alert Let's see it says this season. There's a little tease on what's gonna happen this year on the clown the smallville this season is Clark Rose older He finds his life becomes even more complicated till discover an unsettling new power and a new form of kryptonite We'll bring about frightening effect on his personality and a surprising twist the secret of Clark's two Identity will be revealed the one who's closest friends. Oh, that couldn't be what's his name or you think yes It is what that's my guess Right on new power I still don't understand how they're gonna become like mortal enemies. I don't get that he's gonna do something accidentally to Luther Luther is going to blame him for you know that well, that's how it happened in the comic book. I see Well instead of like spilling the beans through the audience for right now Oh, I got about it. Yeah, are you gonna explore all of the assignments? I think you're gonna fly No, it says here Clark doesn't work glasses. There is no suit and he can't fly between the boy He thought he was in the man. He is destined to become are the stories of smallville So I don't think he's gonna be flying at any time soon on this show This is like the interim stage. Maybe he'll get the heat vision. I guess he learns well. No, he's already got the right one That's the only leaves flying Yeah, and in the suit right and the glasses That great Great Yes, what's on one of our channels showcase something rather here every afternoon like 75 episodes of Batman Oh, which is think is all the episodes, but that's great And they couldn't fly either. How do you like that? Although the rumor was that's what Alfred told me Okay, let's get to the affordable get on to the mad dog here because at one 15 if you want to go on to see an end and get all been out of shape They're gonna have like the the briefing They're gonna give you their briefs and they of course some people will in their briefs But that's because we got a lot of historical people don't get all psychotic just because they raised the alert because a lot of it is covering their ass and a lot of it is stuff that they We don't know what they're talking about so we got about it. Yeah, just keep your IP. Oh, then be alert, you know It's like usual like Greg alert 4008 votes at our pool today if Neil plays all comedy and of course it's already a given I'm not gonna play all comedy bits because I got to start with that story that article from the Washington Posty So those people thought that it was boring. We've got at least one piece of a stuff there Which we'll definitely use and it's four pages long. Okay, ready for that. I'm ready But other than that if Neil plays mostly comedy bits tomorrow 9 11 It'll be better than rehashing last 9 11 2008 sensational 80 boring 56 in bad taste 31 Disrespectful 22 and unpatriotic 11 11 heartless gutless spineless Cowards out there call me unpatriotic if I don't sit here and suck up well guess what? Got about it. That's my suggestion to you. Okay? The Jim Mandat Show Jim is gonna carry on a great length about those sensational patriot and a beautiful time Brady between one and three Hanko or go