The second time that I wrote no mention from Yelde, I'm going home. Kvrdeda, push negative loud... Look at what's the star? Is you day because you were at home, Brooklyn, please go in. Is you collecting and you're familiar, Kovie's small. Is there a lack? Are you sad that shoes are the least low? Oh, the way you wash and park a whaddys car. Hello, George. George, if you knew say he trust you, Conver理 your own. To tell our allies on the greedy oil wall, But then he make you root for no one else, baslo. The couple seemed to toy it, And then scrub the floor. There's a you who don't wear sandals. God don't you go. Your folks who don't help make them one of rich and you. You're not in the air, But you slide, you feel throw. If you feel what you feel that you can do. When they while you be sickened fast-paced, Maybe lie. That they dream you just like your ester-roar. That's when your head will move from that to start. From the low, It's a bullshit rummage. They be crack-on asshole. How are you? Hello. Yes sir. This is turning Richard Friedman. I'm just wanting to give me a wood entertain. My going on for a few minutes and discuss the material sales tax. Oh my god, my good-close friend Richard Friedman? Yes. That's me. Hi, my good friend. I see you didn't know he was going to pick up cold. Probably flip your lid. I only ask you this question. You didn't get your piece of the same place that Mo got. I'm going to ask you this question. Come on Richard. Anyway, move him right along. Go right ahead because you're our champion. You're the only great white hope. Thank you. Now let me ask you this question before we go on. Are you offended by the bid I just played that condolisa? Is that offensive to you? No. No, because I think Shattai was a greatest part of mercenew. Were you ever your Mark Twain? No. I heard a woman after though. Anyway, I think what you're doing is beautiful. I love you stuff. I know you. Don't be sucking around just because I'm going to give you a chance for a few times. All right. Take all the time you want because tomorrow's election day may be. And believe you may. And let me just say this before we go ahead. The new techniques. It is the reason that facts was slamming me and John Gibson and this head of broadness. Hold on the business. The new approach which it took me all weekend to figure it out with L.S. Is all about because they don't care about me. The message to black voters is we can't. We can't force you to stay home anymore. We can't prevent you from voting the ways we have in a pass. Because too many people are watching too closely. So what we'll do is convince you the liberals are really a bunch of racist. They're not your friends. So if we can't keep it. Where are Republicans? At least stay to hell home and don't vote. That's the message now. But anyway, go ahead. Not the terrible message. Yes, it is. What's the, what's the democracy without a vote? In addition to which I tell you these people in power now. If a way if there was up to them, they'd bring the poll tax back. But anyway, I'm taking up. They would go ahead. Take all the time. No. Actually, it's, it's thing I'm concerned about is that there's so many things in a ballot. And out to people get to the very end. And if they don't vote on anything else, I hope they go to 135 and vote no because that's the County question. That's a pocket, but it, it pocket book issue. It's directly affects them to the extent of a few hundred dollars a year per household. Over a period of the 21 years at the projecting initially you're talking about thousands of dollars. It's a savings. The vote against a half percent sales tax. The problem is that it's manyfold. Number one is the fifth time to try to get the public convinced that they should spend at the metro rail. Right. They just won't give up. I mean, they figure well, if we put every two or three years of this event, she will get lucky. They'll get between this fifth one and the ones in 1976, 90, 90, 90, 90, 90, 99 if we member to the election in July, 90, 90, you were so helpful in defeating, uh, yes I was. The issue where you were, your, your voice was very strong and you would definitely had a big influence, I think, in helping to defeat it. That half percent um, is only five point six billion in extra sales taxes over 20 years. taxes over 21 years, which is $2602 million annually, which in extra 5.6 billion more or less. And 94% or more of that is going to go simply to expand metro rail, but what they don't tell the public is that even they're going to build it over next 15 to 30 years and only about the same as you have now, by another 20 and a half miles they can build with the money and operate it with partially operated with the deficit. And that's unless they get federal and additional federal state funds, they can build a little bit more than the 20 of miles. Of course, they put up to 88 miles in the ballot proposal, which is typically misleading. It's another example of the county attorney putting public relations line, which in their instead of honest line, which in the ballot proposal, which I find very offensive. For example, they have a thing about the people's commission that's going to oversee the money. The people's commission, first of all, the appointees are going to be political appointees. Secondly, a two-thirds vote of the metro commission can overrule them. Thirdly, a majority vote of the metropolitan planning organization, which is otherwise on the ZMPO, which is the metro commission, plus a couple of other people, can also vote overrule them by a majority vote. So the people's commission is just a public relations scam. On the issue of what the metro rail means, it means higher property taxes for the people in metropolitan day county. And here's why, because right now we pay $120 million annually, that is this past year's budget, it'll be higher this coming year, out of our property taxes, in order to subsidize metro rail and the metro bus. There is a provision in the ordinance, called maintenance of effort provision. The maintenance of effort means that so long as the sales taxes there, they can never reduce the amount of property taxes now used to subsidize, mass transit. So if the minimum, so that you'll never have a reduction of the property taxes that may relate to mass transit subsidies, on top of that, when you expand the metro rail, instead of $120 million deficit, you can have $300 million deficit. If they add the $3,000 transportation employees, they're projecting. So what means is that we're getting the extra $100 million, they can't just do it with the half percent sales tax. They have to go to their current source, which is property tax. So you can anticipate there would be an increase in the property taxes in addition to the sales tax. So people ought to realize that. That means there's an increase in amount of the rent you pay, because everybody who pays a business rent is going to have their rent increase to each extent of the sales tax. So all those appliances and every other clothes, everything that a sales tax now applies to will go up an extra half a percent, which over course it's time to get a lot of money. Another thing about this sales tax. Yeah, thanks a lot, Mr. Perchard. Go ahead. Another aspect to it is that 20% of the money is diverted to 31 cities. Now that's over a billion dollars, about a billion two that's going to be diverted to the cities. Last time is going to the culture of large. This time is going to 31 cities. So for political reasons. So that means the difference is to me a politician's flush fund because they get spent on whatever they want. Why? Because the state statute says that 25% of all the money need not be spent for transit purposes. So they spend two, they buy 200 buses over 20 years. That's 10 little tip many buses a year. It's cost about $50,000 a bus. And then the operating the bus is cost maybe another 20 or 30, 40 million dollars over period of 20 years. And the rest of the money they got in their pockets. So that's the beautiful thing that the city governments like for this tax. So it might be a long story short. Vote no on. What is it 135? 135. They got a vote no. And telepolletitions. Once or forever, particularly to metro politicians. We know your game to big scam. We don't want more metro fail, which is a trend. Right. Hey man. And you're doing a great job. And so are you. This is this is a one area boy where we need to dig free me on this and a single national anthem. Those two things. You're a wonderful guy. I am. Thanks. Okay. See you. Where's your freedom? By the way, times up. You know, that's how you ignore the ticking clock. That's okay. Very important. No, I'm 135. You got it. No. That's a metro rail crap. But you go up and down in this. See how we see all those people on the metro rail cars, not? No. All those empty cars going back and forth and up and down. Kind of cool. Look at that. It is. It's like the little Kobrake boost. Whatever happened to our friend John, it's a little Kobrake boost by the way. Huh? Well, that's that PD line again. Anyway, let's see. Got a couple of facts. Is here. We got to do the break though first because Richard Friedman sure took a lot of time. Thanks, Dick. Oh, maybe you'll call back a little later and tell us how to hold on that to protect the pig amendment too. Oh, yeah. It's the erosy Donaldman. Oh, yeah. I heard about that. Seriously. And then, of course, I noticed during the spots promoted, which I'm all for that. I'm all for protecting animals and against unusual and cruel, etc. But I noticed that they keep showing these dogs on there during the pig thing. Because dogs are much cooler look at than pigs. You want to say? That's what Josh Friedman told me. It's 12 out of Saturday night at 5.60. WQA and happy Monday, too. Big day election day coming up tomorrow. All whipped up about it? No. Pretty depressing. Anyway, we know that you love your home, but maybe no matter how nice it is, you need some more space to do the things you want to be doing. What do you do? You do the smart thing like even George did, which in his case is pretty unusual. Do what hundreds of other people are doing, call strictly additions, whether you're having a baby. See what I mean? I need another room, or if you're converting your car for a petty when living space. Maybe you wanted to business for yourself. Want to make yourself a little home office. Call strictly additions. Slot of hand, living thing from A to Z in and between. These people are your one-stop shop. More space for your place. Place with an absolutely positive way for your approach to expanding your living space. Those no shows by the contractors ain't going to happen with these people. No way. They want to expect it bills. They want to complete work. No worries about the job not getting done right. And like I said, they take care of every last single detail. They drop your blueprints. They get the building permits and all the inspections. strictly additions has got that easy five step approach to total customer satisfaction. First they call the schedule of reparttiic evaluation department at your home, where project estimator will determine the scope of your addition. How big it is and what it looks like. Secondly, and the thing too. Schedule a bit of plug into the convenience store where you're going to detail proposal on an exact price for your work. Thirdly, they select your finishing touches you pick him and go to contract. Fourth review of the design architectural drawings and fits it back in relax is your dream edition moves ahead on schedule with unbeatable quality. They take all the guesswork all agree. So give strictly additions to call it. Does number nine five four seven nine one eighty one hundred. You can check out the red and yellow pages. They serve all of Broward and South Palm Beach County. The license they're insured and they care about doing a super job for you just like to did for little George. Call nine five four seven nine one eighty one hundred four strictly additions. Five five five six four three five six. Two eight. Two eight. Three shows brought to you by the makers of Norman Bates. Cucclery. She's just left. I mean, the killer. And now back to our program. Coming. I'm still a jar guest. The deceler to get right to the things that been the most talked about a recent date and that's crisis. You have had a financial problem. You know, Larry, I I'm not making so much money these days. We are told that you have your part of the financial problem. Oh, definitely. Yes. And I think that well, I sort of have an inside track. You know what I mean. Oh, that's really why a distortion of the truth somewhere in the vicinity of 700 billion dollars. Did you know it was that much? No, I'd be seven hundred billion. Billion. Yes. You're kidding. Timing is everything. You know what they say? Yeah. Bitch. She, my new. Montestort fraud. That's true. She's falling apart. Thanks, Croxy, actually. On this edition of Larry King Live. Don't go away. Don't be frustrated. Hi, 17 at five sixty to every QM happy Monday. Some sure that there are some people like George who thought that first call there from Richard Freeman. Especially starting a brand new week was a little on the Coma toast side. It's important. Don't you understand? Important. That's the problem. Important also is boring, usually. See? It is. I know. That's why most people out there can't be bothered with an important stuff. See what I'm saying? I mean, if you want to get ripped off by the Croxy in office in Dave County and pay more for transportation than nobody's going to use and give them that slush funny was talking about. Then go right ahead. Vote yes on that. Otherwise, just say, to more of that crap. Okay, 135 vote. No, several times on that. So it was important. It was boring because Dick is a great guy, but it tends to be a little up on risk. But it was great. No, like I said, it was boring, but it was very important. See? Like the election tomorrow is boring, but it's very important. And let me say again, do you dark-complexed folks? Don't buy it in this crap. This is the new line of the right wingers. Oh, and liberals are your enemy. They're really racist. Like I'm 20 before we're all racist. To something weird or another, it just depends on whether you're a virulent racist. It's like a hood wearing freak, something like that. Whether you just somebody who happens to have certain, you know, hangups because you're not one of them. Whoever then happens to be. Dark folks are racist, white folks are racist. I'm sure that the yellow skin people could be racist too. If you catch my drift. Even Puerto Ricans could be racist. George said, I'm not sure he's right, but that's why he'd want me to remember that. Throw them in there too. But the fact that it matter is this business a while, stay away because the liberal, that that was the whole purpose of that fox business, which took me a long time to figure out what that was. Why would I waste their time with a little small potatoes like me down here in some little crappy market on a maple e-radio station? And then when you see Hannity on there, which I don't watch their network, but that one I hit, he was on with guess who was on with them. I give it. It'll, I see you eight something a minute ago to be coming back in a second and colder was on. Oh, our favorite. Oh my god. What was she wearing? And they're random, not much. They were ranting and raving and carrying out of a, oh, the liberals in this and that, you know, they're, you're right. See, I tell you who I despise. I really do. I really despise them because they're supposed to be the buffer when they failed us. They failed the Constitution. They failed American public. And that's a democratic party. They suck. They used a little bit of common sense and realize that it was going to be turned right around against them. And then, of course, the booming of Trent Lotta, we didn't invite the vice president there. What is, you know, his big bundle of oil, whatever he was going to bring. He was going to bring a couple of tankers. Seriously, I mean, they should have understood that, but they don't understand anything. They don't get it. They just don't get it. That's why I think tomorrow's going to be a debacle. For example, here in the state of Florida, what would they kept telling us up? Up until a few days ago was a very close race. And up President Day was in here again. And this one keeps coming back. Now the Jepster is 15 points ahead. Now I got news for you. Based on the job he's done the last four years, he should be 70 points behind. Based on that grotesque little incident in Pensacola, which they got on tape, he should be 80 points behind. But now he's 15 points ahead. He's going to win hands down your pants. And that's going to be none of that. How do you like that? What we just hearing just days ago that was like three four points. It was very, very tight. But me, but now all of a sudden, like overnight, it's 15 points difference. He's a hate. So you can get pissed off while you want. Blender Democratic Party for being weak. This is first of all, the two party system sucks to begin with. But when you got two crappy parties, one that's turned into a streamist dangerous, freedom suppressing party. And the other one that's turned into an impotent wimpier. Well, we don't want to say this because we're afraid of our own shadow. Well, scorm. Well, sure we talk about the economy. We don't want to talk about Iraq because it's not popular. Well, if you don't want to be popular, then this screw you. Okay. If they if you worried about that kind of crap, if you don't have any balls, that's the problem that Democratic Party is that very few members of it have gotten any goddamn balls to stand up and tell it like it is. That's why I was so tragic that Paul Wellstone died in that plane crash. Because here's one guy. One guy out of 100, who no matter what the hell was going on, no matter which way the wind was blowing in the balls to get up and say, this is what I think. What do you like it or not? That's my kind of guy. And now he's dead. Water mondial who can barely speak. He's 74 going on 104. Have you seen him? Yeah. Oh my god. It's tragic. I mean, he never stole a freight train. He's not a bad guy, but I mean, Frank Loutenberg at 78 looks like a teenager compared to water mondial. Seriously, this man looks like a grandma Moses on a bad day. He could pass for 94 easy. Easy. Anyway, it's not good all with them about that stuff because nobody in this audience cares about any election. They don't care about important stuff. Richard Freeman, all they wanted to do is do the like that. And I don't blame him when you come right down to a hood. How can blame him? Here's something important from Doug and Pemberpines. A hearty thanks to you and Carlos for making it possible to then set it in nights in Greek a concert at the Merconier Lanz Arena. A somewhat lesser thanks to your pal and some beef, beef, beef, beef, beef, beef, beef or whatever for providing the tickets. Maybe next time you can also provide perilla. I can provide perilla shoots given how high up we were. Oops, sorry, breggers can't be chooses. I was afraid to ask what it was tickets were. Noes bleed. Maybe next time, what he bring us some tickets at least in the building, not on the roof. Noes bleeds. Next time we're going to have to give a tank of oxygen to everybody wins the tickets. Anyway, it says in any case my Kubano wife enjoyed the show. I, on the other hand, would have preferred kidney stones. Sorry about that, Doug. Hey, the Harold gave it. We can't agree with you. Thanks, and Rieke. You'll be pleased to know that after the show on Friday, Carlos came running down in a parking lot. I just had a call from Shirley Brooks. You know who she is? I said yes. That's in Rieke's good friend. And Rieke made sure that she called and gave me a personal invitation to come to the concert, which I had to go to the track instead, but nevertheless, Cecil Rieke hasn't forgotten. He hasn't abandoned me. That's for you sweetheart. And he got a good right up in the air. We glad to see that. Because they don't like anybody. They're just nasty and sour and bitter. They're like Dave Joseph at the Sun Sentinel. Sour and bitter. Like that. How about those patriots? Oh, got a facts from a New England Paul here. You bet you, baby. Oh, that way. I just was squeezed myself. Tom Brady just picked that Buffalo defensive part. Pick 23 out of 27. The Red Rintenear's final score Buffalo 7 New England Patriots 38. Oh, all right. A far cry for what's going to happen in Green Bay tonight. But nevertheless, it said in Rieke had sort of a hip hop moola moola cap on his head. That's the schmothi he wears. At first, I thought it was a bandage for a person kind of a head wound. And Neil, he's so gay or at least by that. It's impossible not to pick up on it. Yeah. And there were even a couple of boys a few rows in front of us who would obviously come to the show together in Sir at Scorts Court. Sounder, it says. In any case, all the torture paid off for me the next morning because my wife was all still well again. Scorts Court. Very good. See you work to pay off Doug. You're the best, even though most of you are those around you suck. And we have a lot of suck in this place. There's no question about that. A lot of Sir pushes around here. A lot of people would know since he learned fact. I think some of the people there ought to be working at Foss News Network. Maybe they can alope with the John Gibson. I will say this. I showed George Heather's picture this morning that bitch. Heather the call last week. She, she belongs on five. She belongs on five. She belongs on five because she is by me. She's a mindless bimbo and they kind of leave the sucker. She come to find out that she's a big kind of leaves of disciple and a right wing which is no surprise that's why she works at Foss Shocker. Yeah. At any rate. So anyway, New England Paul says I know I'll be coming in chronic facts. You had to fire up the fast machine early today. I think the real England Patriot showed up yesterday. And by the way, what's the guy's name with play yesterday? Drew, who right? All these assels, all these experts who don't see the game saying, Oh, well, maybe the Patriots made a bad mistake. And they kept their wrong quarterback right. The choking gagging, Drew Blitz, or every time the Patriots had a big game come up, he would choke. He would see it. Come a park. It looked like Ray Lucas on a bad day as opposed to Tom Brady, who's cool and calm and collected and looks pretty good. I'm good too. I was going there at Tommy, baby. Paul guessed that A boy had to take me a long time. You know what? It's almost 9.30 already, but Dick Friedman had some important stuff to say. There was pretty boring, but right now it's time to get it on. Right. 1589 votes on a poll from my last Friday. What have ended last 25 years had the greatest negative impact on South Florida answers when we come back after the break. Final one like, you know, give it a look at the screen. I want to, good tease. The response while we come back after the break for those who don't have computers. Those of you poor bastards who are working in your car. Look at the tremendous response on the phone. We're getting already with the Marbleen election day and we're two treatments tremendously. You're inspirational. Come on. Now, what was an important call. Okay. Very important. It was important. He is boring, but he's a good guy. And he's got a good sense of humor. And he likes this show. And he also was very instrumental back in 99 on that thing with it. I write a poll on that over in the summer 99. Try to put it over on a public ear mayor, Pinga Picania and his grave robbing friends here in Dave County. Pah, to you Mayor Pinga Picania. In fact, a bill McBride was smart. But it kicked your ass off the stage the other day. That's that's one of Bill McBride's biggest mistakes besides being boring. See, that's part of the problem. He's boring. We'll talk about a lackluster campaign. I think even Janet Reno had a better campaign. And she wasn't running this time. She was up there in a stage with him. That didn't help. 27 after nine and five 60. Come on on you, Dark folks vote five 10 15 times tomorrow just to get even okay. It'd be for those damn Republicans put in that poll tax. See, he laughed when I said that. But if they were able to do what they'd bring it back, if they could find a way to sneak it through, they'd bring the poll tax back. So only the wealthy would there knows up any of those people could vote. So I hope that every, like I said, every Dark person take two liberal Cubans and pull one on to each arm. Of course, that'll only be one person. But nevertheless, and drag them to the polls tomorrow. What? Good luck finding with those. Yeah. No, I said two. One under each arm, that'll be it. Both of you. Well, that's right. You can't vote you in the league of the land. George is going to go back with the Haitians, by the way. 27 after nine and five 60 even always so baseball's. It's probably make more doing that than you make in here. Do you like to West Boca's a place for all you people desperate to lose some weight? That's right. It's your low carb sugar free acens diet. Superstour. And they got a great new selected low carb cookies. That's right. That's awesome. I'm sure that from three different bakers, no less. They're delicious. And try them all. Peanut butter, chocolate chocolate chip, lemon, coconut, all sugar free or low carb. And of course, it delights these and all the other products in the story. You can try them before you buy them. Delights is also got a great new low carb bread. It's called sinfully low carb bread. Spread some of the new a lot of new but jam on it. You've got a great low carb breakfast. And don't forget as your official Latkins. Retail Center. Delights of West Boca sells every single acens brand product. And 25% off today tomorrow to which from circus every day. And of course, you've been here in more and more and more about how Ankins works for people. The guy on channel 4 that was on all the different diets 30 pounds in a month. On the Eccans diet. So if you want to go to a store that cater strictly to you, you don't have to worry about. What to buy because everything in there is geared for low carb and no carb diets. Delights of West Boca is the place. They're open every day 10 to 10 right on the corner of Glades and 441 in Boca. Call them toll free in 1 877 low carb or see them on the web at low carb.com. Don't forget Delights of West Boca be your official Atkins retail superstar. My life and low cost. This is sports radio 564. You win 2A. To the more on hour at 9 o'clock you'll hear more. Welcome back to the Glittering Fagantry of the Mohawada David show. We have a full duck at today. That included a cavalcade of our stick to it at the lead of yours. You don't have tight smoke is still at it. Why? Why would sing in the songs? They can fun on me. They make fun on the hour the time I don't know. Why they don't adore me. And their everything will be alright, bro. It's a hands on me, a fairy. You queer? Yeah, too much. Real men don't touch. Only during the game. Yes, master. They want singing. I'll give them singing. Get on a piano. Oh my god. Okay, ma'am. Now, hit it. Back in my day, men were straight. The end day is with today. That's why I hit the taller red. Just got to the end. For those who are in pain back then. I'm gonna start with your moron. What's the matter, mo? My wing fell off again. Okay. All right, where were we? Spawn holes were in pain back then. Well, I'll take it from here. The guys that like the worship men. Could think we won't see for it. No way, live that alone again. Did it mean to soothbrushed day, did it? Or to ticko hairy taint. Jesus Christ, I really hate. Jesus God's wing died. Hi, 33 at 56, the WQM happy Monday, too. How about those patriots? Let's say it again for another around 3 and a half hours. Just keep going. I guess we got a one o'clock today. Well, we apologize, but the mad dog is up in green bay with mo. Moin again. I'll put a big game tonight. So we got somebody almost as excited as mad dog. Yeah, almost as excited as mad dog in a deep sleep. Joseph Gackie between one and three. Hank Goldberg, it's you'll listen to that. Now we got count on a kick off starting at five o'clock. Hank's got another short show today. Nice work there, Humper. 3 to 5. Five o'clock. We got our usual four hours of pregame crafts. We get a lot of spots in there. And then we got the dolphins at Green Bay. They're going to freeze their ass off. We'll see if Ray Lucas is like the real deal. You don't want to say it. You think he is? No. Anyway, Belafonte won't take back slavery slur. I hope Jonathan, what's his name? Gibson, eight listen. Never liked him since the O.J. days. Another one of those O.J. one of the pride him and a great event. Sarabal, all those people. Belafonte won't take back slavery slur. Harry Belafonte won't see an insulary king live to denetence. Instead of apologizing to Colin Powell for calling him a house slave. He called National Security and Viser Condoleezer Rice a house slave as well. Last week, the singer activist declared an aridu interview in San Diego. There were those slaves who lived on a plantation and there were those slaves who lived in the house. You got the privilege of living in the house of you served the master. Asked by King if he would change the statement, Belafonte calmly answered. No. No. I would perhaps put it in the context. But in essence, I wouldn't change the statement. He said, after stressing him at the secretary of state of compromise, his ideals and principles by serving blindly for a conservative administration. Powell, the highest ranking black official in the history of the US government called Belafonte's comments and unfortunate throwback to another time in another place. On King show, Belafonte called Powell a sellout. When King asked, you have the same views about Condoleezer Rice, Belafonte replied, yes, absolutely. Absolutely, even more so. Even more so. How do you like that? I like it. You go here. I think you will be results of the polio. Did I? I was 1600 votes over the weekend, which have ended last 25 years. Has had the greatest negative impact on South Florida. We asked, Mary Alboat Lift. That was my vote. 756. 47.1% of you said, Mary Alboat Lift. Never been the same. 2000 hanging chad election 307. I hate to break the news deal, but they're already making room predictions for what's going to happen here tomorrow. With a very, very long confusing ballot and people using the phone, the number of votes is not the same. I think it's a very good thing. I think it's a very good thing. I think it's a very good thing. I think it's a very good thing. I think it's a very good thing. I think it's a very good thing. I think it's a very good thing. I think it's a very good thing. I think it's a very good thing. I think it's a very good thing. I think it's a very good thing. I think it's a very good thing. I think it's a very good thing. I think it's a very good thing. I think it's a very good thing. I think it's a very good thing. I think it's a very good thing. I think it's a very good thing. I think it's a very good thing. I think it's a very good thing. I think it's a very good thing. I think it's a very good thing. I think it's a very good thing. I think it's a very good thing. I think it's a very good thing. I think it's a very good thing. I think it's a very good thing. This isn't as sexy or exciting as a lot of our pools are. But we got a lesson. They come up tomorrow. We have to ask a poll about election. How do you feel about tomorrow's election? This is the poll today. How do you feel? It's very important. It's life and death. I'm voting but not excited. I'm not voting. Why bother? What me worry? Those are your five choices. If you vote what me worries, you put your thumbs in your ears and do that thing. And then put your ears out like a newman. Like that. How do you feel about tomorrow's election? It's very important. It's life and death. I'm voting. Why bother? So here's John Gibson. Wasn't it? What was it? Nobody. and certainly dark and plugged in folks today watch Fox News. No chance. It's like the clown news channel. Yeah. Like I told the head of the head of the fascist news. Now we're going to certainly. So if they were under any pretence this fair and unbalanced crap like I told her unfair unbalanced all spin all day. If there was any doubt that the hatchet job they tried doing on me and this whole other attack on. Well liberals are racist. Yeah right. Right. It's the it's the right wingers that are really going to bat for you folks. Right. Starting with Reagan. He did a good job. Not renewing the civil rights act in 1964. That was the first step. You know. Let me be putting you back in a back at a bus. But anyway, New Rogers low blow. This was John Gibson's column Friday number one. He writes New Rogers dub of WQM and Miami is joined with singer and dancer. He's a dancer. Harry Vellafani. I've never saw dance. No. In accusing defense secretary Condolese, a rice and secretary Taste, a colon probably being slaves in the bushwood house. Field hands who are allowed in the big house because they do so well to agree with the master. Oh, it sounds right so far. Rogers has taken a step further by running seemingly seemingly satirical audio tapes describing Powell and Rice working in the White House and Performing such duties is cleaning the toilets and worse. Oh, what's worse than that. Rogers also constantly and provocative uses the N word. Well guess what? We discussed it. It's in that one bit that we play that they got all whipped up by the first place. It's an agreed good morning. We discussed it in fact. I've even got a facts about the N word here, which I'll get to in a minute. But do I constantly know? I might say Schwarzzer or Spook or Clown or whatever. What? Cooen, but not the N word. The radio talk show host justifies all this by saying he bashes everyone anywhere in the time. He's a liberal. See, there we go again. He's a liberal in the sense that he dislikes conservatives and dislikes the bush White House. Like, California, mispelled by the way, two else he's gotten here. Oh, my God. John Gibson can't even spell right. Not only has he got Harry's dancing, but he's also got two else in his name. Like, fellow, funny. He'll do anything to make the president and staff look bad. I don't have to do anything to make them look bad. They're doing a good job themselves. In other words, his is an opinion like elbows. Everybody's got him. And so what? What Rogers is doing is making a lot of ugly talk acceptable. You can be angry at Ryster Powell for lack of solidarity with their racial political block, if you want. But the tone of Rogers attacks on Powell and Ryster's purely racist. If we're directed at anybody else in my kid's slap down very quickly by the FCC, but in this case, the FCC is headed by Colin Powell's son Michael Powell and is going to look good for him to be gone after Rogers if it seems he's only settling a score for his father. So Rogers, here's the, here's one of the funniest lines I've ever heard in my life. Talk about the power of this show, baby. Talk about. Good. So Rogers has a free fire zone, not only the first to remember, he's got the administration in a gacha. Is that the silliest thing? Is it, as if I'm going to change one vote out there? Lower your brilliant this chess game, your playing. Wow. It says, all in all, it's a low blow. Rogers should be doing a show in the smallest market possible if he intends to keep it up. That's my words. It says the anxious John Gibson on Fox News, which nobody here watches. Well, guess what, I am doing them. I show in the smallest market possible. And number two, I do intend to keep it up. How do you like that? So there's my response, asshole. And I've just like I said to Heather, all the bits that we played about Bubba about Hillary about the Al Gore about every other politician that came down to Pike. That was okay, but now I've got a fire free zone or whatever it'll call it free fire free fire. What a, what a jerk, what a schmuck. But thanks for making me so god they may be important. Okay, John Gibson. I never realized I was such a humongous figuring your own mind. Oh, there's a lot of people upset name me one. Well, there's a lot of people name me one. Come on, Heather. Name me one can do it. Fisher curry. Oh, yeah, Bishop Curry. Good. That means I must be doing something right. Bishop curry and Matt's Ludge. 941, Matt's Ludge. She just, I, she, I don't think she got her trick or treat Halloween night and she'd never been the same since. I teen till 10 at 5 60 W to Q. I am. Hey, let me tell you how these are coming pretty damn soon. So I'll write November 4. Some day, me important days come up like my birthday tomorrow. And then of course, thanks given coming and Christmas and Chinook and all of those. Get your carpets looking brand new. Your house is going to look a lot better if your carpets are clean with all them guests coming in for the holidays. Call our good buddies and draw concepts because they'll do a job on your floor. Like you've never seen in the world. You can check them out on the web if you like a W W W dot dry concepts dot com or better yet give them a call. They got a tool for you. Number by the way for everybody now from anywhere you can call 1 800 2 4 8 50 71. They dry clean your carpets. They only once in a world who be doing this. Have a news. And in my home for over 20 years. Everybody I know all of my relatives. Anybody that even remotely know with a brain uses them because they're the best in the universe when they get done in a couple hours. Your carpets are dry. They smell them. And he first. They look just like brand new. And they also do an unbeatable job. Clean your furniture and drapery spot dying fiber protection. Carpet repairs and plant oriental rug service second and on the authorization. And if you have a flood complete water damage restoration too. So before the holidays have your house and your carpets looking like brand spank a new. But calling the experts and don't forget they give you a written guaranteed price. No rip off. No scams written guaranteed price before they start to job. Call dry concepts 1 800 2 4 8 50 71 1 800 2 4 8 50 71 clean today entertain tonight with dry concepts. My local this is 5 60. You're the one. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. got their head up there right there yeah can I catch your favor maybe do you have that Cincinnati Bungle song it's hilarious Cincinnati Bungle's the Bengals you know what does that thing called even George the Bungle they have the Cincinnati Bengals song it's hilarious it's a spousa okay well they're so horrible we'll see if we can find it okay I've never heard of it do you ever hear it nope the Cincinnati Bungle's 32 votes is what we got on a poll so far I told you this isn't gonna get a lot of response because this isn't exciting it's not sexy it's not controversial it's not nobody cares and you know something I don't blame most people I why do in a way but the parties are so pathetic and it's so sad and of course this year when he's growteska tech ads and it's reaching a new low oh yes we're gonna bring civility back to politics right oh please a kinder gentler hysteria man seldom in a history of mankind see this is all thanks to television now because that's where it's at we can come on here we can attack you and rip you would ask the things would make that max cleat on in Georgia that just amazes me he's unpatriotic he he volunteered to serve and be at nomlost two legs in one arm but he's unpatriotic because he hasn't voted yet for the version of the whole line security act that I'll present he wants that makes him unpatriotic just on those ads alone he did a this asshole a chamblas up there ought to be thrown out on his ass no chance okay what's his name sex pot a sex be a chamblas sex pot 41 votes how do you feel about tomorrow's election I'm voting but not excited 14 is pull us a little bizarre to me we got like 17 categories with zero's on what's going on here if I think Eric's been doing a jungle do so we can up there he's been doing something strange 14 see I'm voting but not excited it's very important 11 uh... i'm not voting why bother seven it's life in debt seven and what may we don't have any plus uh... i don't know what kind of a poll that is there on my ascreen but nevertheless he'll straighten it out also you know what else i'm gonna read today remember column i'd like to see gold seen that and you notice guilty again he must be under penalty that to mention my name on here notice this morning at nine o'clock on the crossover he plugs the mad dog was not under the by the way josegackeys on sir and the area of the show on the station is he mentioned me now some in a hallway talking about the uh... football game about the patriots yesterday and a great job they did puts on a big act of my face hey galley fubay b there's a moratorium on the game moratorium very good there's a more retirement money may be mentioned on the morning show man even though he's in green bay somebody might snitchy also got his got those people man crappin in their pants they're free of their own shadow tragic but anyway the column by Stephen elgolstein the real columnist called wack back and over fifty which is got the twenty four reasons to vote against you have bush tomorrow i'll do my best okay and respect any fifteen point lead what what's the point but it'll tell some good time get across to some of these idiots out there because tomorrow basically is like if it's the option turns out the way i think it's going to when they will all be singing to each line of a roll is or else it'll be a complete takeover of the government will be the the finishing touches to their bloodless cool when they fixed the presidential election two years ago which they did and by the way how could anybody like i said in a right mind not look back upon that and say there's the kind of corruption and crap that we want to continue running this state people who fix elections blatantly call up their brother three in a morning say don't worry about it you won we know you won eagle scout faces official challenge over his lack of faith see atle the boy scout lost states that members must be trustworthy loyal how i know we did this before but without your chair and judge will be fingering himself will be so excited they must be trustworthy loyal helpful friendly courtyous kind of idiot cheerful thrifty brave clean and reverent their a lambard has been scouting for ten years last year he attained the highest rank eagle now a college freshman he volunteers as an assistant in the trooping port or just across the puget sound on the Olympic peninsula where his mother is the scout master but this week meaning last week mister lambard got an ultimatum from the scouting officials in ciaval eleven out of twelve wasn't good enough anymore mister lambard whose nineteen has been an atheist in stunning evolution in the ninth grade was told to abide by the vow of reverence by next week or get out as mister lambard is coming to be given a week to find god what's he got to do to prove it sacrifice a checker something lie i say don't go to religious people lie a lot all the time well there you go but they get forgiven they say i should think about them about what i really believe in get back to the me said i thought about this for years can they expect me to change my beliefs in seven days mark hunter the director of marketing and administration for the chief Seattle council said it was enforcing a national policy the boy scouts is a faith based organization he said an issue of god is not negotiable aside from the vowerv reverence in the scout law every boy scout put the duty to god in the scout oath advocating a belief in the supreme being has been a core value of the boy scouts mister hunter said the tough point in the scout law is reverent and then it includes being faithful and your religious duties respecting the beliefs of others mister lambard said he was aware of the national policy long ago he admitted that sometimes mouthing parts about reverence in god when reciting law on oath other times he actually said the words none of it really matter to him or anyone else had seemed until last month when he had trained attended training seminar for adult leaders at one session is scouting official at the discussion about religion the official suggested that the only way non-believer could advance in scouting would be to lie about his beliefs and mr. liberton as mother christlanber to also attend the retreat the official went on to suggest that a person who doesn't believe in god is not a good citizen mister life it sounds like john ascroth all over again these are the kinds of times in which we live boys and girls what we don't have freedom from religion anymore when we have a bunch of right wing lunatics who want to drag us on that lovely path warm again so we can all die with a big smile on our posts and say these people are crazier than the god day malkata at least they got to seven versions waiting that's the same thing mr. lambbert took issue with a comment many adults consider him a role model leader in his troop and he had attained the rank of equal after disclosing his atheism i was angry mr. lambbert said of the session i left the room and said i wouldn't be a part of it last year when a port of scouting leaders in port orchard in the room mr. lambbert for a legal award he informed them he didn't believe in god his mother said he warned him against did i said no just keep quiet you're not going to hear your eagles he said he said no i have to tell him he's that way he's that way so there it goes how do you like that he's got a few days to find god otherwise you're out you're out time oh it's speaking of time little Tommy jica man this guy who gives me a son to dance about i'm doing a show out of town so much but i'd be better but but by yeah little Tommy jica now here was this big flap we had over the last several days but of course they were to give me some more for pre-publicity so he's not going to write about that neither Kevin Bastard nor time jica picked up on the fox news flap with Heather and John gives them all and which is fine that's okay because then they might have had to offer an opinion of their own you know but little Tommy who claims that i'm out of touch because i'm not here a good part of the year he writes another sterling column in a son sent a day about digital radio and why you're going to love it crystal clear reception i talked about this was it two weeks ago i talked about digital radio where can i go get mine can't oh it'll be in cars and let's see the first appearance of cars anticipated no later than two thousand four see yeah so very timely not and then he goes out of course since he's got this thing up his ass about k-t and classical music and all those people was it last week while you were gotten it to relax seven thousand letters to the editor about k-t and not playing the right music and they got some vision before oh my god talk about the biggest bunch of cry babies in the world those great intellectual classical music suckers all and it'll be a big beneficiary because the soft flow to fans get it from k-t a signal with the relatively weak signal digital radio could put station such as k-t an equal footing with stronger outlets just as cable TV did for high number u-h-f-tv stations potentially tellers says it could be great for them of course not if they don't play the right guy day music by that time they'll be out of business so thanks again for another very very timely and local column near Tommy jica have nothing to do with anything another generic column about oh digital radio would be great someday what a joke this uh you can't and john gives us right i am working in a smallest market in the possible even in k-t a-when the york they're more sophisticated in people are in south florida and probably got better radio and tv writers than tom jica too and the baby that we have just tasted just never no no all bush daughter of florida governor jib bush records her first page from her prison audio diary i cannot believe that pompous egotistical judge actually sent him for me to jail me to jail hello do you see my last name on the documents bush by the time my dad jab gets none with him he won't be able to scratch his danglers without the heat coming down on him he won't even be able to get an internship with bird the black bailiff from judge duty i wonder if the prison pharmacy will accept my screphersanics they'd better maybe it wasn't such a good idea to watch all that crack in my monoloblanics i should have stood the junk in the trunk if you know what i mean i got tendi's a jail and my boo's ham cousin jeniskeek my father's got no juice he can rig an election but he can't keep his own flesh and blood out of jail oh did i say that i didn't mean that anyway i gotta go we got a biggie in my hide to care going in the recroom did i say that i didn't mean that it's pretty good anyway a tentacle i can five sixty to put a qa uh happy monday two well he had a little discussion there out there for about two seconds here is a fact i got this morning it says naga versus nigger are they different posted march nineteen two thousand two naga nigger is there a difference i don't know what website that's from anyways is uh San Jose california judge seems to think so the judge ruled that a white teenager was not guilty of a hate crime for calling his high school teacher a naga because he used the friendly version of the word n i g g a oil is that's the Canadian version n i g g a here's what happened the San Jose teenager upset because the teachers suspended his white friend vandalized school property when he's spray painted thanks naga with an arrow pointed to the teachers name after the students have turned he brought in a witness to testify there is a difference between the two words the judge agreed and said no hate crime was committed how do you like that so yeah i guess if we had a change that song let's have brand me do it uh you know kiss and naga good morning as opposed to nigger c nigger bad nigger good all depending on who be saying it i want to tell you one thing that we need to share it serves me tremendously you know j i and of course it's part of that goddamn plot to keep us all out of touch all us old foes out of time it started out and it was okay and then of course it turned into sub you know sub there were no more wise up because that was a square it out of the and then of course it turned into a what up when i hear somebody say what up at that point i'd be coming angry you want to say but I can oh I can handle a 7000 different variations of hand shakes as a matter of fact we had a couple little technical problems in here last week and fat wholeio the engineer who's doing these are only hope by the way an engineering is Julio great guy came in and fixed whatever was in Carlos who was sitting in your cheer last week another spick Carlos reaches over and he and Julio do the he Julio puts out like three fingers in Carlos squeezes them oh what yeah what what do you call that new one on me yeah he squeezes the three fingers from fat you know what i call it yeah that's that's what i call it maybe they were trying to different handshake just met up now no it was this i seen it with my own foreise man maybe that's the Masonic handshake yeah it was a secret handshake is why i seen last week so we got a couple of mason's in here i think it's time to get permission on the case WQ a m hello hello yes sir i am running against uh i'll be on a ross lightning or however she says i'm for ending the cuban embargo you're running against her yes i'm rate choked okay democratic candidate and i want to say that anybody that would work for that cuban terrorist uh bosque should be set aside right amen good luck to your way thank you get some help uh yeah iliana rosanna dana we don't want her she there's no chance ray i mean you know have a nice time hope you had a good time doing well somebody's got a run i don't like that when i see people in a post like senator john carry a mason toots you realize there's no republican running against him i mean i guess if you're a wise to time like tent canopy last time also i know a poem it because they've got a tyramin's chance in fact i think we could probably find a tyramin who's got a better chance of beat nearly an oven ray but especially based on that call but nevertheless oh and also attorney general uh which you weren't even aware of this i wonder if he's uh this charlie christ is related to jesus christ because every time i see his spots about the chain gang and the uh people in the back of the he wants to bring back the road uh the chain gangs yeah this is our new he wants to be the ass croft of florida charlie jesus christ so that buddy or whatever the guy's name is running against the nut buddy mc but he uh nevons whatever the guy's name is vote for buddy okay i have no idea who he is but he's not the good thing is he's not charlie jesus christ shackles in chain gangs all right that's a good one i'm gonna get into for you baby don't forget us little what a bad guy's all you a dark folk's out there what a bad guy's anybody buying it no i're not buying sad 125 votes now they're starting to kick in a little bit they're starting to wake up see they all want to stay in because it realizes gonna be like 20 below zero to night and green bay and the dolphins are gonna get their asses kicked oh sorry i said that how do you feel about tomorrow's election it's very important 45 i'm voting but not excited 34 i'm not voting why bother 21 it's life in death 19 and what me worry six i can find a case where you want to those six two of the most mediocre political parties in the history of the human god damn race and i i'll say it again i blame the democratic party a lot more than republicans any day the week because you're weak you're weak you're sphineless most new guys like everybody says well how come nobody's a more concerned about the economy i'll tell you because you guys have presented an alternative there's no case there's no program there's nothing there give us an alternative say something instead of like weasling around and being a free-to-year-old god damn shadow take it for your word for i let's okay good you always took me in my word help president day he's an upstand in the go at guy let's see it's amazing i want i was running against peace prosperity in combs he president bush while speaking with Swedish Prime Minister unaware that the cameras were rolling it's amazing i want i was running against peace prosperity in the combs there you go what you didn't win you stole it but you didn't win okay so maybe it wasn't quite as amazing as you thought what back on november fifth right steven gold steena tober sixteen in the sun sent all read it again bushwack pluridians are worse off than they were four years ago boy you are nice to jab bush's voodoo economic smoke and mirrors education reforms environmental poison pills and right wing pandering the state is in shambles florida needs regime change here are twenty four reasons to vote to govern our office tomorrow one to have us turn the three billion dollar surplus he inherited from lawton trials and with deficit between one point four and four billion dollars two the governor is engineered multi-billion dollar task giveaways for corporations and the wealthiest floridians three floridians penned a florida's pension fund lost $355 million on its in-run investments buying shares in the company even when everybody was selling four the average wage in florida's dropped to just eighty seven percent of the national norm five florida's only one of twelve states in which median household income declined in two thousand one six the governor promised to eliminate the backlog of eleven thousand seniors on a waiting list for services through the Department of Elder Affairs to the list is well over fourteen thousand seven health insurance cost are spiraling out of control eight jab's prescription drug time covers only sixty eight thousand seniors barely two and a half percent of the state's older population nine in spite of bushy and buzzwords about improving education fcat by the way did you want here would know we have the store last week about meal bush that's what is on a telling the goddamn program for fcat yes raping pillaging point in spite of bushy and words about improving education fcat a plus plan vouchers and charter schools florida's high school graduation rate is slip from forty four to the worst in america the worst in america ten s a t scores a drop from forty to forty seven a c t scores from thirty fifty thirty eight eleven pre-jempler was twenty nine nationally in spending per pupil in two thousand one felt a forty fifth twelve the governor's alleged three billion dollar increase in education funding is a figment of his imagination fact written inflation in student growth and money allocated per student is risen less than one quarter of one percent thirteen class size in four to schools among the worst in the nation drop from forty second nineteen ninety eight to forty fourth and two thousand one fourteen research cited by the west department of education concludes the reducing class size to below twenty students leads to higher achievement but the governor says he has d b s plans to plot the constitutional amendment reducing class size of it passes tomorrow he's reelected fifteen florida's teacher salaries have dropped from twenty to thirty first nation sixteen a national study of higher education give florida d minus because of relatively higher college cost and a d plus because comparatively fuse rate a stay resident scota college seventeen the governor's grabbed the power to appoint everyone on the state twenty six judicial nominating commissions so it can stack the courts with right wing judges opposed to abortion and likely to push his conservative agenda eighteen candidate bush promised to fix florida's foster care system in six months governor bush left the department of children families become a national scandal nineteen on the environment tip talks to constipation talk but doesn't walk the walk in public he says the right things behind the scenes he pushes developers agenda twenty the governor has appointed anti environmentalist water management districting environmental regulatory commission in junctions twenty one ignoring the objectives of more than a hundred environmental and citizens groups jepside allowed which funds the states forced to have ever belated restoration but includes a poison pill that restricts florida's ability to challenge developers who submit anti environmental permit requests twenty two violent crime in the state increased at six times the national average from 2001 to 2002 twenty three for the first time since 1996 overall crime incidents in florida increased twenty four the governor claims his 10 twenty lifelows led to a decrease in gun crime but the firearm crime rate was on the decline before 10 twenty life and actually increased in 2001 for the first time since 1997 in 1998 candidate jab asked to give you to give him four years so we could create a better florida many of you kept your end of the bargain he did not fool me once shaman you fool me twice shaman me or like a president says fool around the truth of the attitude not be lost on voter stop the bushwacking rack bush out of office November five Steve Goldstein's commentaries of broadcast on wcl channel 42 supported the last one Steve second time over that think it's going to do any good well we'll see maybe they're just making these polls up to it seems awfully strange to me and others say well it'll be a little bit more landle you know because the magpard can explain where he's going to get the money to pay for that guy to know well first of all it's a guy to amendment that's on the ballot if the public says yes we have to have smaller class size don't give us the son of the dancer about how you're going to find the easiest way to deep six the world be electric that's it's scary then anybody would vote for some asshole who says something like that not to mention his entire dysfunctional fat family and he hypocrisy of it all while they post the finger dollar rest of us and we got a big goodie to choose and walk the straight narrow path and there's anybody in his family can like walk out the door without getting a goddamn trouble even on the way to Walgreens I'm sorry no well that was a cheap shot see dad there what's his name and give us the opposite again well she's white what sort of halfway see there you go pick it on the beeners again see blame George okay do a piece about George 10 past and at five sixty w q a m let me tell you about a great product that you can pop in your post say calm and with some good olio man good for your health good for your nerves good for your heart olio man is a Mediterranean formula let's got advanced combinations of pharmaceutical great olive oil combined with vitamins minerals or rules other nutrients and all their formulas are scientifically designed to provide natural nutrition solution to help support specific health needs for example look for olio man's three brand new formulas one to help you sleep one to help you control your weight and cook you 10 which is sensational for your heart all using the benefits of the finest olive oil that you'll find anywhere's olio man is a great new product it's available at public's records Walgreens and if you're running to know well at Walgreens say can I have some for more information call olio man tool free at 186 olio man that's 186 66536633 check them out on their website olio man america dot com and don't forget very important and visit your nearest public's and by an only mid product in data brow counties you can receive a coupon free free larry co-cat a co-car a bobblehead doll will supplies life and spread that picture barely will a squeaking out the fourth quarter win against a little girl's team on Saturday and don't forget to visit their sampling pavilion at sports night every Sunday with an offensively playing home pick up free olio man samples and product information and start improving your health by popping some in your post today yeah it's time to get it on oh there is a girl in extra by jeans a girl who said ways at home and she's living with the women at the funny play toys in the house of the ladies we all used when she was young at a restaurant with a boy he didn't know the she was gay until he noticed each time they went out she went for the seafood buffet just look at all roses dike sisters now just look what they have done the minute she comes home from work to the door well off her panties come she laid it down to stop publishing the rosy bag left a laid off staff not paid and roses girlfriend who's pregnant right now I guess she just only got laid there is a girl with extra by jeans entertainer she's become and she goes by the name of rosy oldie in the house of the ladies beyond the state 17 and five six the WQA and working a lot of functions today let me tell you WQA in hey Mr. Rogers yes sir okay I want to take this opportunity I want to commend you man that's enough to put a plate and expose the nits for jeans for what they are I don't know if it's really what you say but I just want to commend you or what's been going on you can see you put it in the woods people trying to put a world over our eyes yeah I want to actually just what rosy did this make for the patient people some patient path to be standing up with their bush huh when I carried me and I'm bushed and all the patient and was going to walk up the shore and they asked for him to release them and he got you passed and passed I mean do that make any sense no of course not I believe they had a thing on the news this morning on channel six I was watching maybe one of the trouble my breakfast which I think I had needed yet uh with a whole bunch of Haitian people are really one big fat woman here look like ancio mama on a bad day screaming and carrying out about bush for more years bush because they're kicking murder read now or something as if he's doing a good job at education which everybody knows he's not uh how about she come out of film whatever I'm not she couldn't read I'm not a lady talking about yeah I thought it I thought it that was pathetic so don't I wouldn't see them can be posed man because I know I mean who didn't nobody called me that he would I don't have over but he told just designed the title door so yeah I think they're trying to say the hate don't even bother voting is not worth it it's a deal us black uh underpone and under estimate and we're gonna turn out a number I voted this weekend with my family with a lot of people there so well I got no we got a little thing up our slidie and we're gonna do tomorrow we're gonna spread the rumor that there's free water melon on the polling places we're gonna show that bush pass it around hey you tickle me what you said about no way you see we should walk green but have the back of the thumb up you bad this bush family got crackheads in alcohol that's it all right hang in there brother yeah see there you go hey uh john gifts and take that dark and plugged the guys stick him where to mode don't shine okay he understands the show see that's the thing I've been on here for a hundred years the people listen they get it you people up there you don't get it or you don't want to get it you want to twist it around and manipulate it and you can make it into something that it's not okay it's our freaking radio show it's an entertainment show 90% of entertainment 10% maybe we'd be learning something but I doubt it that's what this show is all about plus of course a little bit gay yeah that too banger here it says there they go again today salon dot com exclusive by investigative reported red polaris florida moves to bar 91 thousand legal voters mostly democrats from tomorrow's polls how do you like that in December 2000 we were reported that florida's use of a faulty and politically questionable list of felons and dead people scrubbed from voter rolls have them african americans may have cost al Gore the 537 vote margin of victory claimed by George W. Bush in florida claimed fast forward two years there's another close race in florida this time younger brother javis fighting defend off a challenge from bill magbride for the governor's race that over five face off could again come down to thousands of not hundreds of votes and even though the list has been widely condemned the company that created it admits probable is the same voter scrubless with more than 94 thousand names on it is still an operation in florida more over dbt online which generated the disaster's leave flawless reports that it follow if it followed strict criteria eliminate those errors roughly 3000 names of remain in a whopping 91 thousand people have their voting rights restored 91 thousand votes and we know who to get the overwhelming majority of those eventually the list will be fixed at officials have promised in accordance with a settlement with the end of the cp and it civil rights to the against florida following the 2000 election but not until the beginning of next year and long after javis's election bid is over how do you like that uh... that's what they're doing boys and girls they talk of good game about what we want the election to be fair and we want to make sure that everybody has their voice bull crap what they want to do is keep everybody who might vote against them away from the polls especially who dark folks are there okay that's why you got this fox pathetic people attempt to paint liberals is racist and we're against the black boy bull crap based on a few song piranies because they pretend they don't understand they have to send a humor like that bitch asking me how come you're playing that because we feel like it honey you think that's funny yes we do we don't think it's funny we think it's hysterical okay black people white people yellow people everybody thinks con the leaves i can't stop singing how do you like that goes through my head because it's hysterical it's a panic man i i understand we got a lot of dumb people out there but you can't possibly be that dumb the education governor who's basically stripped the entire goddamn state of any kind of any semblance of real education who's real desire is to do just like to rest of his brother and that is destroy the public education system and by the way none of his kids ever went to public school system and look how right they turn out yeah maybe they should have gone drugs are easy yeah don't say that drugs are easy to find at the pharmacy not at school necessarily that's right yeah that the old crackhouse that's what they're gonna rename they're gonna rename the state all house up there until i asked you to be the crackhouse the next four years and there are people out there here's a guy talks about this homophobic right wing son of a bitch it's talking about oh you don't have those kind of european pencecola with a quotes making the derogatory homophobic remarks and then both newspapers down here endorsed this son of a bit there's something thanks here man something smells bad really bad he's got devious plants to support the world of the voters in other words if you're one of those people out there who agrees that smaller class size will help public education which anybody with a brain agrees with that even if that passes tomorrow he's got ways he's got his plans to make sure it never happens he'll deep six it oh he's 15 points ahead he's 40 points ahead right makes sense to me not and especially in i could understand if he was running against gender we know we could understand that but film a prize you could all boy from tamper self made man military hero what you know from tampenol as not some hachot uh you bastard from soft florida something like that god forbid not some darky but a good old boy for up there in tamper or some shaky lesbian oh some shaky bulldozer right now see there you go again pick it up we'd like jannon on the show she was having with me the shaky hit but anyway 14 2001 speaking the Swedish prime minister gore in person unaware that the TV camera was rolling it's amazing i won i was running against peace prosperity and currency exact quote can someone explain my algora received 540 thousand more votes in George W. Bush in the 2000 election yet somehow George Bush sits in the oral office the answer to my question is fraud and disenfranchised been on the summer of 1999 cathartine heris bush's camp paint coach airwoman paid four million dollars to date a base technology to go through float as voter rules and remove anyone suspected of being a felon as i just indicated that other story she did this with a blessing a governor jav bush whose own wife was caught by the iiness trying to sneak nineteen thousand dollars worth of jewelry into the country without declaring and paying taxes on a felony its own right the new york times reported 344 ballots had no evidence that they were cast honor before election day keep in mind he won by what little over 500 votes right alleged 344 i know evidence they were cast out of a four election day 183 ballots were postmarked in the u.s this is the absentee ballots overseas five ballots came after the number 17 deadline and 19 overseas voters voted on two ballots in head both counted so let's see end up that relays five twenty seven five thirty two right there's enough to turn the election right there for getting about the thousands and thousands of people returned away people were demanded to have three forms of ID before they could vote mostly dark folks because of the roadblocks remember all that not to mention all the people are pulled over by the good old boys there are the fh peers on a highway the fh pigs all of these ballots violated florida lorley all all yet they were all counted there are just these are just some of the many examples of how the republican party cheated to get their candidate in office so he is now in there's nothing we can do but accept him and hope for the best maybe he'll not turn out to be a bad president let's see what he's done since he's been office it says he has cut 39 million from federal spending on libraries cut funding for research into renewable energy sources by fifty percent cut funding for research into cleaner more efficient cars and trucks by twenty eight percent broken his campaign promised to invest a hundred million a year rain force conservation cut 200 million for workforce training program for dislocated workers eliminated prescription contraception coverage of federal employees although biagrest still covered abandonous campaign promised to regulate carbon oxide emission and mayor contributed to global warming denied college financial aid the students convicted of misdemeanor drug charges although convicted murderers are still eligible for financial aid and cut sixteen million dollars from programs dealing with child abuse and neglect not to mention of course things like stem cell research full things like that and the whole list the whole long list of right wing fascist judges that he's getting ready to appoint if they have control of the senate which I'm afraid they will you mark my words and spread all these all the talk I think I think my nails got a good chance to lose Minnesota I think Jean Carnajans got two chances in misery none unless the none hope I'm wrong we'll see but you talk about a dummy electric man this sit out there mule like that oh he never stole a freight train he'd be talking real nice stuff like that you know just like this last this dark and plugged in call or a couple of minutes ago how could any patient people be voting for Jeb Bush that display we saw in the news this morning if you want to make you gag four more years four more based on what the fact that they that he and his brother comes up with this it's still secret by the way he still won't tell anybody when the policy was instituted December sometime last year that's it well what does it say oh we're not saying shut up yeah what was it based on uh don't ask any more questions government in the dark government in the back rooms government in the oil corporation board rooms that's what it's all about 27 after ten at five sixty w what am I getting all whipped up about huh am I stupid or yeah I'm really stupid I think somebody was our stupid and gay 180 and votes how do you feel about tomorrow's election is very important sixty seven I'm voting but not excited 55 it's life in death 32 I'm not voting why bother 25 what me worry guess how many people say what me worry yeah I a good guess Robert all of course Robert he already voted three times for Bush we know that self-hating little juke bastard you know I mean it's nothing did you see the ads were bushes were in the yamokan there oh my god woo and they're doing the thing with Israel and how good he is for Israel and he loves Israel and he eats uh he eats a potato pancakes on a weekend and on the alternate uh Wednesdays he eats a potato cobble yeah who the hell are they kidding man these are the same people I want to drag this down to roll to Armageddon so that everybody except then the good board against can die well except the rest of his the makers and offer we can't refuse kind of like the Spanish English isn't if you recall I'll have another choice again oh yeah again 10 28 at five sixty don't confuse them of the fact okay here's something that's not confusing at all that's dialo mattress Miguel can barely walk now he can barely stand up he's been screwing his brains out so much since he got his great new mattress name fallen on the floor all the time that's right in fact he nearly got ditched because he used to slip off the deep and air every time just at the wrong moment bad move now he's got that great new mattress from dialo mattress and you can do the same if the old mattress is lumpy and bumpy and maybe smelly not so good anymore get you a great new mattress from dialo mattress like I always do too and Miguel just call 1800 mattress 1 800 mhtt rs you get the element free to my choice brand name mattresses because they've got them all surda ceilie simmons king coil no off brand names only the top manufacturers in the world and no store can match their selection or except in the everyday prices and because dialo mattress has the deepest selection brand name mattresses they don't have to give you the old bait and swish and send you over at mattress they you didn't want in the first place exactly the one you want is in stock and you're going to get it almost immediately too that delivery deal almost unheard of any two hour window you pick when it's convenient when you're going to be home any day seven days a week noon to two one to three two to four etc and they 30 day in home comfort guarantee to test your great new mattress out the smart way by sleeping and doing your thing on it whatever your thing might be column today you'll be sleeping like a baby as soon as tonight 1 800 mattress 1 800 mhtt rs or check them out on the web if you like it mattress dot com oh well he's a teller has a night the double day a fillet well he's a presidential son who doesn't have to run and one else is on a winny hide as well just move right in she's hard she's hard she's hard she has a golden spoon he was born with love and that's so look out all you do get ready for the dad he's a teller has a dad she's a teller oh oh she's a teller has a dad she's a teller has a dad she's a very well he do with very bad she's you who never paid to do by the kids she's hard she's hard and he's what could win that race against buddy okay why do you think they call it good but tutorial and he's a color I see I see whoa he can take a can I see oh yeah he's a teller I see no but that's a lame come on let's do step come on let's go 734 at 560 WQ I am here's the fact this is right out bush controls the White House the house the Supreme Court and the media and next Tuesday's election is being tomorrow has got a good chance again the senate as well giving him total control over our government he'll think of that as a mandate to activate his most repugnant domestic and foreign policies I thought he already did that the only force that in between him and his goal of total domination is the voter the only candidates capable of defeating him are the democrats your choice focuses as this facts okay there we go well yeah we can sit here and pontificate all day long I don't think it's going to do too much good because like I said at the beginning to show the democrats it's done a piss for job a pathetic job of bringing the case to the public a tremendously bad job because they're scared and they you know you gotta give credit for that the bush might there's they've done a great credit a job of that paid it in a minute to a corner either with us or against this he wasn't just talking about on terrorism he's talking about and everything you need this is the this is the great united who was gonna do away with partisan politics right or you're either with us or against us okay you got it that's how you unite people communist the kind of yeah you make him an offer that can refuse don't forget you in the overnight guys doing mark tonight 9 to 11 against these and candle stop out of when our usual very very low budget QA and prizes and joys specials on crown royal that's why Miguel shows up every Monday it's the money that football is that offense visit the packers at gas fees and candle I hear there gonna be packing it tonight that's what I'm here here's the fact this is make sure you don't say the word niggardly you don't want to uh to be no racist that's right i'd be thinking very much yeah if we just could get to give her man if we could just all get to give her pick it on the moose no i'm not picking on the moose man he's a hero now and i did see his wife on at the board oh fall mouth bitch here's what it says you see no i'm seeing it in the fell mouth bitch i might mean she didn't use any apples to this last yeah we're repeating material already with Carl all sorry but you didn't see her have you haven't seen her no white blonde fat oh yeah kind of like maybe she'd been to some of the trailer parks just her visit i know i know the type speaking of that it says that rosy song is the most disgusting song i've ever heard please don't play any song that talks about rosy's panties coming off okay promise we won't do it again you see the liver holds date pick on the homosex oh i'm sorry and here's a fact which is very long by digital radio and about clear channel she channel won't want it until uh wait past 2004 and of course because that's the lesson here in cheap channel supports the bushmaster they'll push it another several years down or just like did it with a state of dtv two on sand yep and because they don't want to run spend the money for the technology so little time is here hello he's writing about a bit better and want to be great that we hear kt all that classical do you think time jica listens to classical music oh no i don't no i don't anybody that belches that money can't possibly listen to classical music but he sure is obsessed paned with it and by the way those people don't read your column anyway time they don't read your column they just read a lot of uh historical letters to the newspaper they sure they don't read what you're writing wqa m hi Neil yes sir i think the biggest irony about this five things they've given you more publicity over a week than your cheap radio stations give you that's that's a good point you're the only sad part is nobody watches fox you nobody knows about it you're right well that's not a sad point that's good and also i want a little bit of that um micha um micha more thing and he found that in a newspaper about a bank that gives away guns if you open up any town somewhere in yosu somewhere you're going to send it you went up to the bank and not only today the open is account they asked me a few questions they gave them a vicious background check of almost five minutes they showed him the magazine they showed them magazine like 500 guns in it which they kept at the bank and they gave them just gun right at the bank unbelievable you just think of the symbolism involved there okay give me the guns you know that's the reason you think it's safe giving someone a gun at a bank unbelievable have a great day pal photorillion often two three four times off is gonna go vote tomorrow that's why she brought me my birthday card day because you might not see me he's gonna be on vote tomorrow there might be long lines that's a real good way I couldn't have the number of people can vote especially in day and rowered long lines lots of confusion not enough for machines not enough people will understand how to operate the machines they said yesterday that's people were voting like on Sunday or so what said whatever day was over the weekend it was taken up to 15 minutes a piece of vote because it's such a lengthy ballot and because it's confusing because these people have never touched it before and the screen either now it's seriously 15 minutes a piece you understand what that means a long time and I guess I better do the break first before get to Mike Meyers commentary it's about time you wrote something worth reading on a show Mike I mean this is the second column about a year since he's been doing the non-sports stuff since he got the motive to the nobody reads this page for Mike Meyers you know that's what you get for Dicken with a show Mike that's what you get for doing that don't you think that it's payback is a bitch car but I happen to Bob Ruben worse than that kid with the eagle scuss Bob Ruben said something about being Jewish and they held put him like on the you know back page somewhere nobody ever sees him anymore that's the same heralded endorsed you have bush for re-relection and the same sun settle I still can't get over there I must have been a dream it must have been a bad dream is it possible I don't think so after they run this series of stating horrendous articles ripping and exposing and tearing and chewing and gnashing and oh well you know let's go for him I don't want to say that like there's any exchange of money involved and that because I have no grounds to make that but it sure raises some doubts in my mind as to what the hell's going on here and speaking of money didn't I predict this months ago that right before the election you're going to see the market and then a couple of days before the election you're going to see the stock market zooming back up again all controlled all manipulated like the market always is anyway last week and again all look at that futures net and as that's a 50 points forget about futures there already open of course that's a 50 points yes and peace up 20 that was a fall must do 100 points does anybody with a brain believe it of course not all the millionaires in a binner's they're pointed in their baby and then on when's day they have to election tomorrow it's going to like right back where belongs and then the mean time I'll show these big numbers they're saying oh by the way are we in recession again you think could be that's why everybody's just rushing to call their broker to buy this crap sun micro systems $2.42 cents a share by the way want some for free $2.42 remember the conversation we had that day oh bargain at 60 what a bargain at 60 or 71 ever was $2.00 in some odd sense the stake com stake on 20 to 11 and five at five 60 WQAM Tom Lamin always stays commies com cool and collected because he knows that you folks are going to keep coming back because he treats you right that's the way to get customers back treat him right which is an avalidee here in South Florida with usually treat you like crap anyway Tom loves the people listening to the show which is why he's created that needle deal it's going on again in hell and save big dollars in all potty x and gm season stock if you mentioned you heard about Tom Lamin and the folks at halapaniac on his show he'll fall on the floor first of all and give even more of a saving stop by halapaniac gmc 134136 you how it that's you us want across from the falls where every vehicle is marked with lowest price but if you mention the new Rogers deal just say new Rogers jfiler new Rogers like that and you'll save even more or just mention mo check out the complete lot of jia what do you laugh at about but she he's he's a mole man you don't talk about it's time to get it on check out the complete lot of gmsu v's including the envoy voted by motor trend is this uv the year and the all new vbs uv with the power of a big gas gusling sports car but it's your right no corvette what do I love corvits halap also about a great selection of pre-owned car's car's next uv's and when it comes to credit even if every other dealer in town turned you down because you're a clown and you were now for being a deadbeat the answer is that give you a deal at halap still cut it for you and deal to get in the Rogers deal right now at halapaniac gmc across from the falls open every day of your life seven days a week halapaniac gmc who continue to save and spread my protestations we be professional great you a let's rate for three do you big char oh that's how we've asked the time away in the geo jia the horse wow he floats good like a given bush he floats good like a wish his mama would the floats good like wood sitting back wow he loves good even on a car hood he floats good he's still good and don't forget this is the life we have chosen 1046 at 560 WCM I saw that again over the last week and I think it was couldn't turn it off I didn't ask any questions happy birthday Neil says jina for what it on stay calm she says okay jina this calm is a goddamn cute cover to pickle patch okay sweetheart I'm calm not somebody's got to get a little whipped up into the asking about this we're gonna have fun boy they come in like crazy or what now it's the same old stuff I mean that I know that I know about this place try to motivate people and here's like like try to like have a party in a goddamn graveyard 254 votes how do you feel about tomorrow's election it's very important 89 I'm voting but not excited 74 it's life in death 44 which quite frankly is the right answer I'm not voting why bother 31 and what me worry 16 put on the bill yeah like that Michael Mayo who's usually right and what all the like that has a pretty good calm today and I was going Mike by time jem and feds fiddle in face of a looming election fiasco he says gee what a surprise governor jambosh isn't exactly bending over backward to make things easy run voters who face election day gridlock and democrat heavy sound you think he's going to err on the side of democracy in fairness with his job on the line you think he's going to allow extended hours at the polls and use of provisional ballots to alleviate backups when that could translate into thousands more votes for rival bill McBride yeah right that's about as much chance to that happening as Florida State Football Coach Bobby Bowden agreeing to play a five quarter game against Florida only this isn't a football game this is the essence of democracy and considering Florida's welford recent past everything that can be done should be done to make sure people can vote it ought to make everyone's blood ball US representative Alcy Hastings of Miramar said at an NAACP town hall meeting Friday and for Loderdale on primary day bush was magnanimous in the face of a meltdown ordering polls to stay open extra two hours statewide because of problems in Broward and Miami-Dade counties of course that decision at no bearing on his future only those of McBride and jannit reno but this time with an absurdly long and confusing ballot and insufficient number of new touch screen machines bush twiddles systems and whistles even as we all see it coming squirt court the governor has a lot of discretionary situations Hastings said so not tell me he couldn't do something if bush's exit pulling suggests he's comfortably ahead and the weight gets out of hand and self-floor Hastings figures the governor might extend hours and law paper ballots midstream to ward off charges of disenfranchisement but there's no telling how many voters what I'll ready have been scared off from the polls mission accomplished wouldn't be better to be proactive and make adjustments now that's what Hastings in US representative Peter Deutsch Democrat for Loderdale asked the US Department of Justice and that's what Broward election supervisor Miriam elephant and her shrewdest political movement months as the governor but bush and the feds are taking a hands-off approach the justice department will send monitors to watch us unravel but apparently doesn't want to do anything that could actually help us vote and bush's general counsel trials Kennedy wrote elephant that extended hours were unwarranted then tried and we trust that you live up to your duty in commitment to run a sound election that's a cheap shot elephant was rightfully stripped of moisture duties after a box handling of the September primary forced hand them off to be hard deputy Joe Carter in the county commission she has little to do with this election they $125,000 dollar your figurehead in this case though elephant is right and trying to do with best for the voters the election's offices a dysfunctional mess with Carter and elephant barely speaking or knowing what the other is doing the soap operable only get better after election day the big question will I reelected bush give elephant the act before elephant gets a chance to give Carter the act but first almost gets through Tuesday there'll be ironic payback if this election turns out to be another disaster it will like the father says it will billi it will the county commission led by Laurie Paris stormed it and take control and joined elephants demise a little bit too much now even if a precinct opens up on time every worker shows up in every machine functions perfectly the run on ballot my trigger a meltdown this time Paris in the commission will get the blame which is perfect because they were the ones two cheap divine up new machines it's inexcusable at Broward has more registered voters than day they bought two thousand fewer machines hard to say who'll get more perverse pleasure out of Tuesday bush or myriam elephant pretty good column there Mike mail like I said about time give you like a little and not too much one of those 560 pound 560 on the AT&T in Paris and wireless line this audience is whipped up into a frenzy there's smoke and no WQAM yes sir oh I didn't want to go on the air but I just wouldn't know if anybody calls you about how our David being on your competitor there about five minutes ago doing long football talk talking about football weekend he was on the Fox Sports Station yeah yeah on Tony Bruno whatever that show is Moa Howard David was on with Tony Bruno yeah nice he was on when I first got a car but I was on hold but yeah I remember what happened when I the Humper the Humper ain't never gonna do that again right yeah well he wasn't even just talking about the dolphins just talking about the whole football weekend whatever so that's why it's what I thought that well that's probably good for us I mean a lot of people turned off from them over to us thanks for the good news thanks for the before how do you like that Moa Howard David I'm getting pound good goes out by the enemy see this radio station just uh it is just out of control remember we had this with my good friend the Humper a couple of years ago he was on it with Romey no like he was on it with Romey and one of those uh jackfests where they all get together and they're like you know going on each other's shows and I would a Humper we could over look at one just this one time we looked the other way for the Humper do we look the other way for our Moa Howard David now maybe from Moa and David I might look the other way but not from Moa Howard David shameless shameless concerning with the enemy and of course that makes sense to me because he's not a part of this radio station anyway so why shouldn't he be on with somebody else anybody else who that'll give us a crap but thanks for the spy report pal it fits right in it fits right in with his uh bogus and operandi come in the QAM what is it so in other words he's not only uh concerning with them he's promoting their radio station maybe that thanks for the good news maybe you can go to work at and the morning on that station okay gotta improve on that point one they got or whatever to point nine I'm sorry don't exaggerate even though Jim Sarny says they're moving up on Moa. Point nine maybe that's why they're putting them on there how do you like that and you notice we had two calls in a row they just heard Moa and out there over talking to us what does that tell you he's enough to drive anybody off the dial five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line WQAM okay now that article if you had a few minutes ago about all the things that they did there for old uh W up there yeah or is that origin of that so I can let down low that then when I argue with all my stupid recovery public and friends on your hands of that that wasn't an article that was uh some listener fact uh just some of that facts from where if you I mean what newspaper well he he wrote it some listener wrote it oh well I'd love to get a copy of that just coming because I've explained there thing I get really frustrated with these guys you know they don't understand the assholes yeah yeah like couldn't get a copy of that for anyone no five six seven oh five six what what are you laughing about it's in a waste basket already I'm not gonna start sending out copies when I like running some kind of a printing press here some kind of a guy that news paper over here it's a radio show it's a little flucky ass radio show that's totally out of control I mean the ship is adrift at the seat or even even the Humphrey Bogart would be an improvement okay squeezing his guide damn balls a little bit that's right at least we get some strawberries anyway okay I'm having a problem I can't have a strawberry nice game trying to bring good to my the sugar I don't have any food in here today didn't bring anything for my sack I guess I'm not gonna eat who don't need to eat what do you think well you ate a little something there I see when I had life's got my spring roll with a big uh slice of turkey and oh you had your little snack yeah and then I got a wrap for later but uh hey that's getting real what who's getting skinnier's a rare I said you said I was skinnier's a rail they uh the two minutes that I popped it on drum that was Carlos who's skinnier oh no I was talking about how you shouldn't be getting any fake my sack away and that's right then he should take your guide in the beast okay I like it and get this right here as you're out of that poor a toy strap here comes in this morning I'm grilling him about that about try with a two earrings over there at balance for life I'm grilling him and he's well but it'd be better but it would like that and it tells me he's gonna be on the year on the dolphin the five hour pregame cluster fork what are we care you know you know since always some diversion always something I haven't been with a bunch of silly ass sports hey look at that yeah what's that over there you know this spot I'm talking about yes what's that the god would he think on his uh I love that WQIN yes you know about the more hours I'll have to hurt him he's talking about uh yeah being listening to them every day and uh he really he kind of ranked on the station so he couldn't hear their station but he says the psychic manager this and that but he sounds pretty dumb man they were asking them questions and he was like lots of space I'm getting proud it's good they were pretty funny senior thanks a lot of all how are its fire reports there and which mean indicate I don't understand it how are these people hearing that if they're listening to the world famous neo-rogi's you're guess these are people who don't want to vote you know the breaks I'm sure I see doing the breakthrough turn over there because he don't want to hear our fine commercial so that that pisses me off especially the treasure island spot you got coming up what they all they know all about it now let's see it's not this week it's not this week it's not this week it's not this week just want to mention that the no treasure island this week for George there's denied from what I'm hearing they had a pretty wild time there Miguel isn't permitted to go any more his girlfriend got jealous no better shape what didn't you know that oh is that what was going on yeah he's not permitted to go there anything see he didn't tell me the real story that's the real story girl friend said no ma's maybe no ma's she said then of course what what the no ma's is connected with all the pens on what you do on Thursday and I had it bad yeah well let's face it you do 567560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line ooooh! this is 423560 heck yeah welln rate me I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm not going to do this. I'm ready. I'm ready. I'm ready. I'm ready. I'm ready. I got me in zombies. Nobody knows that. I'm not going to close my windows. I went empty holes. But that don't mean that I'm gay. If you think I'm the man you ought to see my legs. I might as well keep on smoothing, shave, and show a little glass. The next time I'm raping him. I can go to a surgeon. But that gives me the shivers. I wouldn't want to walk on looking like Joel Rivers. Where am I? I'm fired. I'm the beast. The fat little freer. I did him a favor. But now we're getting away from the meat. But reason I dismissed that snake and fat bastard. Bigger, he wouldn't shot up. And he can't play contest. I saw the dog over there. Nobody took from our rap. I raped a new dog. Like, look at me. I'm thick. I ain't no square. I'm a thing done, daddy. Man, I'm really dead. I ain't got any one I want. I don't care. Especially if they make me flip my wig later. Smelly green hair. I got fired myself. It even happens to the greets. What's one said you can add in here? I'll ask you break your legs. So now I sit by the pool, life's as good as it gets. With my collagen cartel, Placing bets on the gents. In paradise. Paradise. I don't kiss nobody's hands in paradise. I'll be sure that the screw gets when I get the change. But the cleaners aren't ready with my line green pants. How long does it take? Tell me calling the plate. It was just a little thought. So what I love to stay. I think that's funny. I want to know what's funny. I can do what I want. The management loves me. In a mess of mo. Something you ought to know. But a lot of this time. I wanted you to be my home. You're my type, pal. Now I have straight. Hold up. Who? Who do you want? I don't take no for an answer. What is that? You! What are you doing? What happened? What the door door door door? What the door door? What the door? What the door? What the door? What the door? What the door? What the door? Guess what the name of the column by Marine Doubt in the Unier of Times is yesterday? Eminem Shakira and Osama. Oh, great time. How that all fits in? Got to draw your diaphragm? And she wrote it from Riyadh Saudi Arabia in Ola. The Great Marine Doubt. She says the DKNY shopping bag was delivered to my motel room at 13am. Inside was a ribbon box from the Al-Nada Philanthropics Society for Women, containing a black silk a buyer with red and blue embroidery on the sleeves and a long black chiffon scarf. The tags had size 59 and alarming hopefully metrics that you would never see in that city other city of palm trees swimming pools, pampered royalty, 24 hour traffic and mail dominance Los Angeles where the dresses trend toward size 0. I wasn't sure if the gift was a polite message that on Friday the Holy Day would men go to the mosques with their sons and women stay at home and pray. I might not want to be the only bear-haired woman in town or if it was simply part of the Saudi's five million dollar charm offensive to persuade us they're not in the enemy. I had written a column thoughtfully arguing that if the Bush administration wanted to attack a country with ties to Al-Qaeda and undemocratic repressive ways, we should invade Saudi Arabia. Making care of business in a flash the Saudi sent me that rarest of journalists at privileges a visa. It's a weird rod-serling type feeling to drive through a city of four million people and never see a woman, the white-hit-see-ishop call ladies photographs were women composed without the veil. It's a weird feeling to be barred from the hotel gym and pool and to see separate entrances for women at banks and severed women's malls within malls, it's odd to think that your hair is rude. We're old fashioned shrug one Saudi courtier making his country sound quaint rather than our kick. We're opening ourselves up but slowly. There are flashes of modernity a teenager leather fedora propped on his red and white head scarf, jumps out to a car to do a hip-hop dance and traffic as an older man mutters we never had crazy kids before. Teenage girls dress like Shakira under their robes. A satellite channel brought by on what do you call it she said as a companion chimed in during spring and Montel Williams. What's so great about democracy at least were informed she said. Ms. Almadi said she'd like to drive some of the NC Saudi women get more legal rights but she thinks the issue of women's rights has become a way for the American media to turn Saudis into the enemy. I feel you are obsessed with the aby and what we were under what you said the problem lies in you. Osama used to be funded by the CIA. Brecht Moindad from the Saudi Arabia yesterday's New York Times. 5-6 said boy, she got a lot of open lines considering tomorrow's election day getting a lot of calls about how our David's fire reports being on the Fox of Tony Bruno laughing high in his show. Not to make calls about what's going on in the world. There's just eventura. You consider life experiences outside of government and politics. By appointing maybe better qualified than either of those two major, quote major. I'm sorry. I was on the jet bursting with a quote major part. He's appointing some schmuck. Somebody off the street to fill the term which is like for two weeks after the argument 19. And the meantime, he's doing that simultaneously to the debate school now. So he's upstaging, Montel and the Coleman by doing this thing now. Pretty has a keen sense of what is in the best interest of ordinary men of sotans and will put the people's interest before the party's interest. Ladies and gentlemen, meet the interim United States senator from Minnesota independent party member Dean Barclay. Thank you. See, all of this was done in a fit of peak because he and his wife walked out of that you know, that whole eye. Yeah, a fit of peak. Very sad, but what do you expect from a guy who's like a very disappointing former professional wrestler can't stop bugging the grand standing and being the center of attention? Yeah, real disappointment to us all, Jesse. So somebody facts his me, the salon dot company, that just right like 20 minutes ago. Thank you. Got to listen to this station, okay. Listen to the Tony Bruno, I'll call over here with Spireyport. That's all about a good. But if you want to know what to help, we're doing on a show the best way to do it. Is listening to this show. WKOM. Yes, sir. How you doing? You're air force, soldier buddy. How you doing? Okay. Hey, I knew. I just want to tell you one thing, man. I've been telling you something. I've been listening to you from North Dakota to New Mexico to Germany to answer dance to free all by the internet. Great. I don't know if you remember me. I've been listening to everybody 11 years, man. Well, I'm finally back in Miami. Sorry about that. I'm the air force. Now I'm a fine recruiter. So I want to find some nice young women and gentlemen. Did join our team and join our fight. What do you think about that now? I think find some nice young gentlemen and women. I will be a great idea. I'll be great. I have some tragedies. I beg your pardon. The recruiters always have tragedies like pens and things. Okay, so what are you getting to give it away as an incentive now? Well, Neil, I'm getting like a George said. I got pinned in pencils and water bottles and all that good stuff. And if you guys like I draw. I'm like some sex toys would be good. They don't have lobes on them though. Well, you can free. You can paint them on. You can want Neil. I'll draw by the estate. I heard they had that new patriot missile. Yeah, I'll draw by and leave us some good stuff. I draw by the station and drop you and George out some some good stuff from water bottles and coffee mugs and all that good stuff. All right. How's that sound? And some of those end of the bags do it. Be good. We'll give it away at our next appearance. If you guys, if you put me on hold and give me a good ad, you're like a rich guy, that I'll help you guys up. What do you think about that? Okay, hang on pal. Good to hear from you. All right, Neil. Take care. He's on line seven. Take care of our pie sign here for me or for us. Who's not going to be here too long. He'll get out of here. I agree. I'm leaving the line. You just hung up on. I did hang up on. I put it on. Nobody else. The whole thing there. Well, maybe it didn't work or maybe I hit the F. That drop. Who knows? Maybe he's on a. He'll call you right back. He's not on a. This is somebody else on a. Hello. Hello. I wasn't in those. He scared him more anyway. 5. 5. 670. 560. On the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. So the mobile mice there goes on a consort with Tony Bruno, the hyena and Fox Sports with their fractional numbers. I was going to say maybe he's looking for an audience. Maybe he knows something we don't about his numbers. Maybe he figures that like a point nine's better. What he's going to have. But we certainly hope not. I won't mention the fact he's costing us all money. 10 minutes after 11 at 560 WQAM. Hey, let's face it. You've heard us talk about fast train until your ears fall off. Right? That's correct. Well, the facts are easy. If you have the dedication fast train can provide you with necessary training to become a certified computer professional. According to Tom magazine, the demand for computer professionals will continue to absolutely explode. Their average student completes the training in just four short months. Attending sweltering nights a week. Once you complete the your certification fast train can help you and getting you a new, a great, a sensational money-making computer job. Fast train invites you to come and visit their training career councilmen determine which track is ideal for you. Call fast train toll free. 1 866 fast train to set up an appointment. They got four convenient locations for you. So no matter where you live, there's about to be a fast train nearby you. They're in Kindle, Miami, Pembroke, Pines, and Fort Lauderdale. And don't forget to ask the career council for us as students just like you yourself, who are currently in their dream jobs next to their training at fast train. So call them to the toll free. It's 1 866 fast train. That's 1 866 fast train to check them out of that wicked worldwide web if you like at fast train.com. 5. Local, this is 560. 3 years old, you're a new, you way in. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 6. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 6. 6. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. Bread is cheese, cheese is torch Food and coal is the mercy of the bread Stepping in fetching at the whim of his white man's old How is the mercy grown? Take the stews and eat up the globalist crackers Food and coal is the mercy grown And of cooked up some survey of corn Food and coal is the mercy grown Up with sweet black sake, food and spit Food and coal is the mercy grown Food and coal is the mercy grown Food and coal is the mercy grown Food and coal is the mercy grown I'm 31 and 5 and 6 and I'm happy Monday to you Haven't you heard that one before? Of course. Well, it's still a long time. Look at that little chuckle. What are you eating now? My rap. Oh my god, he's doing the old colon rap in there You ever have a colon rap? Most of you enjoy them 350 votes on the pool. How do you feel about tomorrow's election? Evidently not too strongly because we're not getting Squad about the election. Also I had a slip of the tongue, but you know something I think it might have been a 40 in slip It was pink. The fact is you said Bart Star you meant bread far. Well, what's the difference? You know, in fact they could probably start Bart Star tonight. It says Goldbred Star far. Kick those dolphins as whatever your name is. Check the tape you said Bart Star. I believe you. I'm sure I may have. You know, when you get to be old in febrol. Like me, when tomorrow you're going to be 60 years old. Oh. This is a matter of fact. The maple leaves are bringing back Johnny Bower and Goal. We got two guys who couldn't stop a watermelon from Under the yards away. Trevor, you've got to be kidding. And any of the beagle bell for. Man. Did they stink or what? And then of course the panthers lose to Atlanta. Grolstein. Atlanta's first one of the season. First they tied the leaves on Wednesday. After whatever night it was. And then they come in here and beat the panthers. Three to one on Saturday. Team that couldn't score into what empty net. With nobody else on the ice. That's not start that hockey talk on the day before the election. Okay. It's a bad idea. Let's get room around the phone. Hockey show. I got his number. No. I got his number two. We're next to midchursions. 560 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon line. No forget join the overnight guys. Do it mark nine to 119 gaspies and Kindle stuff by the wind prizes. Enjoy specials on Crown World. It's Monday night football. As that often visit the Packers at Gatsby's in Kindle. WM. Yes sir. When we get the polls over for a whole month. And we can vote in the jail. Everything. That what you want. Yeah. Yeah. Especially your vote. That's exactly what I want. I want you to vote from in there. Is that what I want? No, what I want is that everybody who is a registered voter gets a fair and decent chance of a very simple nothing confusing about that very simple. Chris probably too complex for your nimble mind, but nevertheless. My little spick friend. 560. We got a lot of open lines here. Only an hour 26 minutes to go to solve the problems in the world before the election tomorrow. Beckfully saying negotiating from weakness in any of these issues. Yeah. We got to change the tone. This normed Coleman, the Republican and Minnesota is up there debating Mondo. We got to change the tone. Didn't we hear that before? Change the tone and Washington. We heard that from a George W. Then told us either you're with us or against us. Simple as that. You're the with us or your good guy should bad guys. You're on our side here at Evil Door. WQIM. QIM. Nio. Yes sir. Hey, how you doing, Nio? Okay. I've got to talk to you. Listen, my friend, I have to call you because I know the call is painful, but believe me, the bedtime story sometimes makes me a little tired. Yeah. It was good to have the call. But listen about Friday, the woman who call you from Fox News Channel. Heather? Yes. Let me tell you, you were smoking that day. Yeah. I was hoping you had to see what I was smoking. I tell you I couldn't even move. I'm listening to you and I hear it and it's just incredible. You really were there in you one. So listen, do me one favor. I do. I gave it to your office. If you can play the one bit about nobody who rips you better. Okay. I haven't heard that one in front of you. Well, probably you got anything you want. Okay. I'll be the one of you. Bye bye. Yeah. Now this big. 560. It says I just want to remind you that if the Republicans went Congress, there will be nothing to stop the right wingers to create constitution. I'm in like permanent tax cuts for the rich. Yeah. Yeah. I'm going to change something here. Right? Am I going to change anything? I can't even get people to express it opinion on. I'm much less to do anything about tomorrow. They got no opinion. It's. It might away. I mean, ball game. Give me the ball game. It may be ball game. I mean, ball games are a nice diversion. It's fun. It's. It's fun. It's fun. It's fun. It's fun. It's fun. It's fun. It's fun. It's fun. It's fun. It's fun. It's fun. It's fun. It's that it went so on. But on this station, we get like 20 hours of. Oh, gee. We're getting screwed by the BCS poll. What do we get it about the Hurcoun? Yeah. Do you know anybody? Other than the beast. Who went to the University Miami. That's got an IQ larger than their thumbnail. One. Okay. Yes. Tony cigaretteo. No, you don't. I said, I got IQ larger than their thumbnail. That's why I could never watch channel six news. He's a silly person. Whatever happened to Cam Brow Marsh. By the way, speaking about people with bad lips. And you know who I saw this morning for the first time in a long time Bob Mayer. I saw my friend Bob we for the other day. And all. You know what I'm saying? Hey Bob. I'm not getting any younger. Maybe, but they screwed him over so bad at channel four. It's such a good guy. And he's got to work for these 100 now poor Bob. That's the next week I think. And Bob Mayer, who we like was sitting on four phone books this morning. Getting old and gay. And you know we're getting older guys. Those are good guys at channel six. And then of course, our good buddy Joe Rose. You know. Yeah. Did you? Over the weekend. Yeah, I heard about you and him ripping Molen ass behind Mose back. That's that's not very nice. Yeah, you heard about it from me. Yeah. And from Joe. Not from Joe directly. Just into Ricky comes in and buddy. But he's got a big mouth. No, I liked Joe. I love Joe Rose. In fact, never the fun times you just have when it was far when Defoe and even Little Latupia saying it out there in the hallway. And now and all man since you run vacation all last week. The new deal is he will not cut this is not making us up. You could ask Robert. He will not leave that studio between a quarter or seven and nine o'clock. Yeah, what if nature calls. Yeah, he's got the bag in there. You're forgetting. Oh, it's still over one day last week. Right on the floor. Gildy was. He was making all kinds of gutter. Well, sounds screaming and yelling. Had to call what's the janneter. Getting back in here. Rick. What? I got an idea for something. Okay. That's the new model on the Mohourich or what's in the bag. Release the used to be. No, seriously, if you ever, you probably never noticed. But maybe he doesn't do it all morning, but when there's a chance that I'm in a building, you know, how that it's set up in there that studio. Gildy is sitting off to his right. Okay. And he sits in the chair. Like, oh, yeah, I noticed it. If you noticed it, like, lean your ass off. I think I was either. It was either so that he didn't have to see the big window behind him. The bullpen where either you are could be lurking or it's to make room for the bag on the end of the chair. There are microphones all around that table as you know. Right. So he could sit with his back to any window he wanted to. No. No. Not going to rest that chance. So if he won't even take a chance and turning around and seeing one of us out of the corner of his eye, he sure ain't going to be like, you know, frolicking around in the hallways. Less, he ran into one of us that especially me. WCU, I am. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Listen. I voted on Saturday. You can go to the library envelope. Right. It was in two hour wait, but I got to look. You wait. Was it two hour wait? Because it only had three machines per precinct. And the precinct I'm supposed to vote and the only had everybody was there. So it was a two hour wait. Okay. I'll go to it. Yeah. So, you know, it can go to avoid lines. They can go today if they want to go. They want you absolutely right. They can do it. But we're to the library. Of course, most of the people down here, they don't have been in the library in 20 years. So thanks a lot, Paul. Vote again tomorrow. Already. Okay. Crossed and asking. We voted for. Vote again anyway. Just for the halve. 360 nine votes on there. I didn't make that number up. About tomorrow's election. And a lot of people said, eh, you know, like that. Can't get to excited because they, and I, you know, when they voted last time, I'm not even sure if the vote counted back then. How can you expect people to get excited again? I got some article here. Somebody facts me. When I was at Oya, let's list doubts. Come, remember, list doubt for the Sun Sentinel. He's the Adaro. List doubt? What do we remember her from? What did she write about? Was it a dirty hole election thing? There's something? No. Anyway, she says land of the losers. Why can't we get anything right in South Florida? I might just read that as a bedtime story here today. Although we want to take a lot of calls between now and one. No. We want to take millions of calls. We want to get to audience fired up into a frenzy. The idea of the world that Florida is not the piece of turn that most people think it is, even though we know it is. But we don't want to admit that. We want to pretend this is like civilization. Like a real place with living and breathing people who care about education, who care about the important things as in, and not just a bunch of stupid ball games and house parts that are doing but. The idea is just to go to the United States. The United States is a sports waiting for five six years. You weigh in. Teenagers today need choices that reflect the reality of their complex life. Abstiments are often preached, but is really not realistic in today's society. And same-sex encounters are uncomfortable for most boys and girls. What's a team to do? Technical versions of America has the answer. In the butt. Away you can technically still be a virgin and enjoy a rich and satisfying. In-smit relationship. In the butt avoids unwanted pregnancies, but still affords fun for both parties. So the next time you're ready to strip down for action, remember the motto of the technical virgin, everything but technical versions of America, offering alternatives for today's team. I'm 45 and 560WC, I'm a god Joe Sagaki for as your man is because there's nobody else available today. Cos Maddogs up there in Green Bay where a Bart star is getting ready to fill in case Bresparb can't go tonight. And this debate, you know, this is a pretty interesting format. This Coleman Mondale debate, you wonder why? Why? Because they have a two moderator sitting there. They like started off with different questions. And then the two candidates debating the like go back and forth. They sit around table for a comfortable, very conversational, back and forth. And it's great. And they're making the audience with the whole their applause until the very end. It's an intimate difference. To be in down well. So anyway, speaking of Tony Bruno and at Fox, I'm telling you they're right on our heels, not during the summer time. From 9 a.m. to 1 p.m. during this highly rated Joe George. Keep in mind that George was almost at the time. But anyway, men 25, 54 or 5.9 share. Guess what Tony Bruno at Fox said, WRFX a 1.7. So that means that even little George had four times almost four times the audience that they had. They got average quarter hours of what is it? Every quarter hour can't find it on there. Pretty weak. Pretty freaking weak, okay. Tony Bruno said this and Tony Bruno laughed at that. And that's on a sports station. And 9 to 1 also includes Romeo. I forgot from the one who's probably got the biggest star of the four. I'll do that thing where we're going to be born. Big national because I don't know from them sports. Well, why not? You better get with that, Mr. If you're going to work on WQA and get that new contract that new deal done today. By the way, today's the big meeting about George's deal. Oh, look at it. Just as I said that, what happened to my thing here? Uh, my whole page disappeared. There's my wallpaper. Oh, I'm afraid he naked. Look at that. Man. He is. I just came back. No, that was good. I kept me on other hour and ten minutes. Man, he is something. Here's the fact this is have a happy birthday. And you'll have entertainment day, since my arrival on Marco on January 1999 as far as I'm concerned. You are the best. Of course. You're a public and friend on Marco Island Yale. Well, have a great day, Yale. And just don't vote this time. Okay, give us a chance. Give us a fight in chance. 560, 560, pound 560. It's in a solemn courageous way. From the AT&T for Eisenhower, let's line. The big QAM. QAM. Yes, sir. Hey, how's it going? Thank you. Hey, listen. I just wanted to give you a take. I love if you were George had played that new grant that the auto in Miami for a place. It's incredible. It's nothing but speaks and a corrupt politician. The drug dealers, they got a right on it. Sounds like Miami to me. Yeah, it's incredible. It's amazing. I'm playing it yet. George city's going to play with it right after this year. When I find it for free, I will. Well, who's the ones who also get to take the package? I'm going to come to the spread tonight. 560, pound 560, pound 560. And that's what they're upset about. The Huracus didn't come to spread against Rutgers. Six touchdown favorites are training going to the fourth quarter against the little girl school. What they don't realize is they're just doing it. It is laying back to make it look like there's some real competition there. So they can continue with his big East first and continue playing mostly the little girl schools under schedule every week. It's a we want 30 the row. We want 30 Roya. How about maybe 530 against real teams and not little girls teams? All these silly ass people with no life who try to be these clingsons. Looking for something to cling on here at South Florida. Pretend that they have a real life. Oh, where are cool and 30? Oh, where are cool and 30 in a row? And you know something George, we are blessed. Aren't we though? Well, we used to be until it often lost the Buffalo last week. And until the embarrassing game against Rutgers was, we used to be blessed in this town. I think we're cursed. And I think tomorrow you're going to find out with the election disaster you're going to have again and believe me, you will. We are cursed. WM. WM. Great. Most important number on the Goldstein list is number 17 where they want to write wing eyes all the judges. Naturally most most black or Hispanic or whatever people just don't understand. And if that actually comes to comes to bear, it's just a white man rule type of thing. Well, you're saying a black in his spank to understand you. Have you checked out the makeup of the white voter in the state of Florida? Well, keep in mind it's not just state and browards, see what I'm saying and pump each. Yeah, but if that's not the thing about how many trailer parks do I run the rest of Florida? So, I mean, they knocked those two guys out, or one guy, one woman in the Senate, you know, when Bush put them up. And that's all they can talk about is how they knocked out these two white wing ideologues. And yeah, it's just, it's just another way of white man government. And it's just, the people just don't understand that. Well, when I see this business about blacks for Bush and Haitians for Bush, it makes me want to gag. What are these people thinking about? Maybe they're massacres. Maybe they've lived here in this town for so long, but they've developed a perpetual massacistic streak. Yeah, they're not for fairness, that's for sure. Yeah. Okay. Thanks a lot. Well, the toss is a question of fairness. They look a death wish. Oh, he's not going to let the polls fail for longer because he doesn't want he wants to take away just like his brother did. They just like they can fire back two years ago. They want to take away your right to vote. And the darker your compulsion, the less they want you to vote, to simple as that. See, if you happen to be like maybe Condolese or Cole and Powell like those two bits we play. And then more I think about that Fox crap. Just stop and think about that. Think about all the priorities that we play, all the goddamn sat there that we play on this show and have for the last 400 years. How come they didn't call during Ellie on? Yeah, how come they didn't call about that? Oh, you're playing out when you must be anti-spick. You must be this. You must be a right. I'm surrounded by a CS fix here. Okay. See? Yeah. No. 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T. What did I want to hear before? I want to call Little Wolligar. I said I was going to play it. What do you want to hear? Nobody rips you better. Okay. Hey, listen, when you get down the verge of as old as I'm going to be tomorrow, it's a damn good thing I remember to come to work here today. That's one thing about doing the show out of town. At least I can't forget where to go. Where I'm going to go to work. Oh, if you do. Must be in that room over there. Yeah, there's a studio. WQIM. Hey Neil. Yes, sir. You were talking about Channel 6. You left off the best one. And who's that? Oh, Beno. Oh, Beno. Yeah, Beno. I wish man. I want to help you have to be here. Oh, God. It's like gumby. What kind of name is that? Anyway, Beno. I wonder if he's kind of that Tom Schmidt snipped God. It's on Audi. Oh, he's at the Tom broke off. Fanny. Try to imitate him. Boy, he's got a speech defect. Oh, very, very, very, very. Okay. Well, he belongs here. No question about it. Thank you. No, that's there for Beno. And Beno. Yeah. We got some real crappy people on your doing was in this market. Well, it's the bush league. Like John Gibson said, I'd be working the most bush league little backwater place. I already am John. Okay. So this relax. If you have some influence here, Jesus Christ. 560, 050, 5060, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. Approaching 400 votes on a poll as we get these people whipped up. There's an election tomorrow. Huh? Where's that? WQAM. QAM. Is he just like, uh, yeah, oh, he's there playing something. He's not being quiet. It's so funny. WQAM. How are you doing, you're happy? Pretty good. Thanks. Why not make Brian work bush gets elected. They both admit that they either want to raise taxes or cut uh, budgets for programs. My whole thing is McBride is a corporate lawyer who's fired hundreds of people. And I don't want that kind of person. I don't want to be a peating on you. Yeah. And he just hung out. As soon as you started sensing a hung up, I didn't hang up in that. You see, I was in pain in tension. I was grabbing stuff off the fax machine. So don't say that I'm cutting him off because he's not in building bright. You can't get anybody you want. But he's not making any sense. He's just repeating the verbage from an ad he saw. Just repeat like an automaton like some kind of a living. Just a monkey see monkey do you know. See something on TV and right away calls up the talk show to repeat the same tired old stuff. Other train monkey exactly. Oh, look what is this from. This is the most ascent. Oh, this is October 23. McBride now leads right. Right. Hate to break the news deal. But several days have gone by since October 23. This looks like it's from the school of wishful thinking. And pages and pages and pages and pages of propaganda here. Okay. Alan Orlando. Thank you. Alice is PS McBride is now heading the polls. Guess what? 15 points behind as if yesterday on MSNBC. And MSNBC is hardly a right wing extremist network. This is like fudge the numbers or pack him. We got one guy that wants to pack the courts. Another guy wants to pack the fudge. I'm forgetting Bob Cuts is on a balance. Speaking of that. Oh. Now what is this MSNBC now currently a volunteer on Congresswoman's care and Thurman campaign. Our previous work is above. If I can up any way to make Brian. etc. What is this? What is all this stuff? Just a bunch of stuff. Man. MSNBC news. I challenge you to confront the jabbers campaign for the fraudulent advertising. They've been doing it for a reason. I emailed and got a response from MSNBC cable. This is the right thing. Anyone at Fox News help us get a rep from the McBride campaign to appear on MSNBC and speak about this. Is there anyone at Fox News? Oh yeah. They got a lot of McBride people at Fox. They got them locked in a room somewhere. How do you like that? And then there's a thing of, uh, to Mr. O'Rally. Got a yati. Yati. So what am I supposed to do with this? Oh no. Wait, can you see who this is from? Oh. Alfred Rogers, a Florida concern says, that can be the out Rogers that we know. Oh no. Oh sure. Probably. Oh no. Because it's like the ramblings of a loony tunes kind of person looks like the me. Just when you're looking. Yeah. Just when you think it's safe. Yeah. They keep resurfacing over and over again. Don't forget to join the overnight guys. You're on mark tonight. Not a little bit of gas. Bees and Kindle. Stop by the wind prices and joy specials on crown royal. Monday night footballs that often visit the Packers and Bart started out at Ketsby's and Kindle. I'm just going to keep saying Bart star maybe he'll show up. Oh, he could suit up in beat him. I hate no way Lucas. That's why. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 8, no Tom Brady. I'll take that. That'd be a good poll question. Who'd you rather have a quarterback of the dolphins? Tom Brady or Ray Lucas? Or J.Fiedler, huh? Good question. WCWAM. Neil. Yes sir. Good morning. Good morning. Neil. Did you see that article maybe you've talked about it? I don't know. I didn't catch your whole shell but it's kind of cool. When I was morning about the bodies, blowing us off in terms of allowing us to use your bases or fly over. Oh yeah. That was on the head length of the interviews with the, with the, his schmata head yesterday. Neil. Isn't Saudi Arabia really our enemy really when he comes down on it? So I didn't make give off spring all those people that bomb us. Yes. Yeah. Why don't we just drop a few on the way over? So I rack why don't we just drop a few there and get rid of that man? No you're forgetting you're forgetting one thing. Oily bird. Oily bird. They got the Oily bird. Yeah. Let's, let's go. OIL, M O N E Y. You're not spelling your words right sir. OIL, M O N E Y. SCRE W E D D F U. My, my, Look all your sports video five 60 C U A M. They're Steve Goldstein but you can call me Gauzi whenever I'm in town. I listen to way to minute I am in town. It's the 12 to one hour. God. From all of this the production comes the cutest little Arabs you've ever seen. Aeraphat Abdula, Jerusalem and Little Jericho 102 Palestinians. This time the wicked Kurolla Baroque is trying to separate all the little Palestinians from their happy, less-bay homes. It's one explosive situation after another with all those Palestinians scrambling for cover. Don't miss Walt Disney's newest animated feature 102 Palestinians. Now show it in theaters everywhere. It's time to get it off. What's speaking of bad news you see who warmed his way back into the Israeli cabinet and the Knesset. Phoebe. Phoebe Netanyahu. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Make every else you're going to look like a goddamn liberal. Like a raving humanitarian. That's how far to the right BB is. So that's your account in his old buddy. Oh, BB. Yeah. Nazi. A walking case right these semifzism if there was one next to Jewelie Roman. Anyway, I'm not going to get said it. I thought my deal did pretty good. Coleman was okay. Kind of like boring but then I got him prededuced and I'll admit it. We got to get the, we got to get Mondale in there. So we're leaving right now to go up there in a few times in Minnesota. Never been to Minnesota, do you? Yes. And beautiful. This is beautiful. I'm going to be a beautiful land of the billion lakes. And when canoeing along those lakes around St. Louis Park in Minnesota. Yeah. It's a spectacular. Kind of. No, just canoeing. Oh, all the lakes are like interconnected with canals. You can canal all around behind the the nice houses. Did we see Lake Town? No. Oh, man, is that a beautiful place? Anyway, I don't know why I'm just rambling. Anyone who wants to know why because I'm thinking about being any place but here. Oh, are we going to have a mess here tomorrow or what? If there any doubt about it, no chance. It's going to be another mess. And David Lee, he's going to say this and Mary of elephants going to say that. And Laurie Perish is going to say, but it'll be pretty much. And it's going to be a mess again. Because basically in Florida, we only want the right people to vote. Well, let a few other are the wrong people vote just to make it look good. Not too good. But we don't only want the right people to vote. And the rest of the right people to rest of the piss off. Okay. WCOM. Hey. How you doing? Okay. Well, wait a minute. Let's give us both a little, uh, a little thing of which I already have one. I'm touched. Listen. Oh, bad. Black guy calling into a explain a couple of things to you about Haitians and Blacks who With their support bush. Uh, a little bit of money, greeting the palms who worked for, you know, Some people to trans confuse and pull the masses. That sounds like something the Kennedy's used to do. I'm sorry. Well, but the masses of Blacks and Haitians believe me. I've been to my people. Yeah. And believe me, there's no one else. You're going to have more than probably 2% both of Bush. Well, we got to have like a voter big turnout man. You got to go there and drag him out of their house. Don't worry. I'm going to get a little brown for your dance swing by all the little Haitian neighborhoods. All right. Hey, uh, I called you about a year before Clinton left office. Yeah. And you and I were both in agreement that when we think of, we're all going to miss them. And I miss them. No, bad. In fact, every time I see him, one of these campaign stops like when he was here over the weekend, I see him there and I think, oh, boy, how we miss you now. Oh, do I. But another thing with Bush trust me. He knows that he's in trouble. That's why they're trying to say that he's up by so many points. He's not about how many points you know. Don't believe it. Let's hope not. All right. Okay, early and often pal. A lot of things. By the way, I think last Monday was that I had the bad news. You were out on vacation about the Jessica Simpson and the Nick. You weren't here. I wasn't here. They got married. It's official. What do you mean who cares? And she saved it for their wedding night. And a, a Tupperware, both in a little one of those little plastic Tupperware. They did it in a box kind of like pop it open and it makes that little sound when you pop it open. W to Q. I am. Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, Dylan man. Great. First off, I want to wish you happy birthday. Thanks. Thanks. And I'm not doing a suck-up call before I make my comment. I'm going to be listening to you since I was a kid. My dad time me on to you, uh, crab back in like the late 70s. Yeah. So I just want to thank you for being a voice that I'm raising that air for my whole life. Because, uh, this place is a real toilet. You can smell it. The thing is with the whole, the whole voting. You know, it's like, it's like you said you're voting for the less of the two evil. I'm not a general early public anymore. I'm trying to vote for the people who are going to take a way as many rights. Or trying to, you know, bring fascism back into fascists. Like, even the Democrats are so horrible in their presentation towards the public. That it's, you know, it's, it's almost painful to vote for them too. But I mean at the same time, it's still a lesson. We got a few books. I'm going to leave. I don't know. I'm going to start calling. And, you know, and the other thing is speaking out of the, I mean, what's, what's a liberal? I mean, what's, what's so bad about being a liberal? Just like mind your own bad business, whatever you're doing in your own house is your business. You know, the damn premise, like, the, my roads, give me my information. You know, use my tactics to build schools and shit. And don't tell me how to live my damn life. Don't tell me what's right around. But anyway, man, thanks again. Have a good birthday. Okay, hang in there. Thanks. And what was, uh, that was Julio. He decided he wanted a chime in on the show from the Spanish Ruler of, not a purpose. Oh, I thought I was losing my mind. I hear this voice. I don't do it again. Don't do it again, Julio. Not if you know what's good for you. Okay. I'll start writing your name on a wall and that alley in Toronto. Julio found the alley, baby. He's a man. He's the kind of guy you want to take anywhere you go. Because he's obviously he, in no time at all, finds the lay of the land. If you know what I'm saying, what a guy. I knew her. Yeah. Percent is of English only household dropping in Florida. That's in a Palm Beach post. And controversial combination of Spanish English making its way into mainstream. That's in the Boston Globe. It's about Spanish. Can't stand it. And it reminded me of those horrible days speaking of I can't stand it when we were downstairs on the second floor when we first came over to QAM. And George of the undefeated with his brother is one of his big relatives in the morning talking in the most gutterable dialing. My mother or my aunt. I have ever heard in my life the most gutterable annoying. And oh, and I'm not one of those people that gets up tight about other people speaking of the languages. Having a Spencer Maritime and I'm sure that I'm but never was. I said, hey George, don't do that again. He didn't. What? I can barely speak it. I can barely speak it. I sound, yeah. Oh, it was just, oh, what a, I mean, there's nothing wrong with Spanish if spoken properly. Although we don't want to hear it here. Oh, we don't want to hear it. We don't want to hear it. We don't want to hear it here. You got it? But when we do it, I'm like, yeah, exactly. And off of the Spanish already, especially out there in the acres, man. I'm telling I just can't go to the gas station. Walk in there. What is that all about? What is that? I don't mind those people getting the jobs. They're, they're nice people. They're competent. They can add a streamer floor to was Spanish territory for much longer than it was English territory. I see. Who are you for Fernando? Fernando Magenta? Is that a mom? One puns to the freaking layout. All right. Well, that's where the Hurcouns play in it down there on puns. The Hurcouns. Oh, boy. That's baseball anyway down there. We're not going to talk about the orange bull. You know what kind of a bull it is? The kind of like, and do other things in it? It's a kind of bull. Orange bull is. It's typical. I think the orange bull, like, typifies South Florida. Just won big outdoor toilet. I used to call it outdoor funeral part, which I think is close. And since I've been back here in this town, and I've seen people driving, there was a woman in a big cattle like yesterday in front of me in a big jiu cano. This woman had to be at least 145 minimum. And the light changes. We got a green light. Okay. I mean, forget about right turn on red. Forget about that. Make it a right turn on green. This bitch, this old bag. She's just crawling around. And I get around a corner in. So she lucked this is on university. And she goes into the middle lane. And I wanted to be able to go to the right or left over, which I did. I got to the right. Just to look and see what kind of creature was driving this thing. Seriously. She's like, she's like, one of those creatures like to, like, to brought on the small village last week. The one who was, oh, I missed it. Oh, it's a way to go. It was very good. When it was sucking the life out of the people. Oh, we got to suck. So this woman sucked all right. She was as old as that bitch. She made Tabitha on passions. Look, young by comparison. And she's sitting there like, lurch. You know, like, she's got like Bob Mayer. She's got 15 phone books that are asked. And she's lurched forward and holding the wheel like this. Like, you'll know the witch is what she looked like. Remember, you'll know the witch? Oh, that's because you don't want to cook the friend and all. Ask Boca Bryan. He'll remember. He remembers all the old stuff. Of course, his mind is rotting anyway. Nine minutes after noon, at 5'64'Ew. Looking at your mind rotting, he gets what he got at one o'clock! Oh yes, yes we do. Wow, because the mad dogs in the green Bay getting ready for Brent Star and Britt the Barth FARF. Oh no, no no! Oh no no, we're gonna haan' look at him laying in the water, I thought our buddy Grigslow pisses me so his sake! Ta-do! Uh, look at this, here's the time right here. Uh-oh look at this, here's the guy who's picking on Tommy. I'm gonna get to this in mids, kinda cute. Tommy don't speak to me anymore since I said he sounded like a flamer. You don't speak to me, that's okay. He still loves you. What are you talking about? It's just when you relax, it's a radio show you're starting to get like John Gitton. We're gonna put you ass on a mess and we see what that Heather bitch. We're gonna hook you up with her. Okay. I knew you'd say that. Hey Heather, we think you look great. Okay, even an old bag like me. Thanks you look fantastic. Just keep your mouth shut until we tell you it's time to open it. I'll soften it up. Yeah, I'm sure in your case. 10 past noon at 5.60 WQA. Hey, let me tell you a speaker of that. How about putting some pop in some ol' ol' mat in your posts? That's right. Ol' mat is a great product. I got a different Mediterranean formulas. Designed to help different parts of your health. And I got three brand new ones for you. Check out the three new formulas. Want to help you sleep. Want to help you control your weight. And cook you tin and take it for me. It's great for your heart. Cook you tin. How come nobody talks about cook you tin? Do you take it? Yeah, that's part of my supplement. It's good for your man. The difference in your pulse rate when you take cook you tin. It's like phenomenal. Especially for a fat-hole slab like me. Anyway, all the ol' mat products used to benefit to the best olive oil on the planet combined with all these other good things. If you want to get more information about ol' mat, just call their tool free number 1-866-653-6633. That's 1-866 ol' mat. And don't forget you can pick some up right now at public records or Walgreens or order it off their informative website at olumentamerica.com. And if you visit near nearest publics and vinyl mat, product and browser, date you can receive a coupon for a free Larry Coker embarrassing Bobblehead Dalois supplies lies. Who would want one of those? Anybody want one? No, get it anyway. Don't forget to visit their sampling<|ru|>.com and it's forced on every Sunday when the fins are playing home. Pick up free samples of older mat product information and start popping in your pulse for better health right away. My life, I love all this is for three of my six years of life in a way, yeah. Do you fudge back him? Yeah. Yeah. T-Boots. T-Boots. Ask them all in a bumble, just to talk is really hard without free written notes from power over Andrew Card. T-Boots. My brain is made a new dude. T-Boots. But that don't seem to bug you. I know opposition and you have no opinion. T-Boots. Let's post pretty hard. Come on, raise by the shot and wave of white collar cramps. Unless you're of course the CEO is your old friend, you're mine. T-Boots. That's just let Oshaman go. T-Boots. And that air flasher he's a home home. The saw these day attack us but brutal give a crappy team. T-Boots. She's a crazy friend. Next to Shard, we're in pursuit of people Jewish and reday. Just like those drug lord's band for shoot by OJ. T-Boots. Who don't care what I'm doing? T-Boots. And I thought I was stupid. The media controls you, you want to told the game for us. If you didn't see it on TV and you're in a dream. The media controls you, you want to show us the story. There's a Spanish. No matter what goes wrong. It will just blame it all on the police. T-Boots. I don't have to interch going down. T-Boots. Come on a higher ball of ground. Is that how you wouldn't know how. T-Boots. Rounder. And the fuck. Founder team. T-Boots. Suicide attack at my shopping mall in Israel. It's surprised. Now the suicide bomber. At least one killed 15 wood in Israel bombing. What a surprise. So here's a facts from somebody who obviously wants to critique the radio station, which he's entitled to. What's wrong with QAM? And he's only got three things under, which I'm not going to read number three. It's about somebody we like a lot. Not about us. But about somebody we're not going to rip. Number one. That flaming queen that does all the spots it's embarrassing. It sounds like a new Roger show, but they cannot find one broadcaster that can read copying. No. Don't be riven to me. Okay. So he sounds like a flamethrower. Finding him. They all want to get paid. Are you people kidnapped or what? I still can't get over the thing that George Beesley come out. I wish I would have heard that in person. I was so great about the broadcast right now. What I've been saying ever since I sat down in this station. Pan all that ridiculous amount of money for Marlins, which we have 15 people. Listen to the guy named Games on this station. And then we have to have us working our asses off in here and getting big numbers. So we can make enough money to pay for it. I mean, they were losing that crap until they finally go to him down. Let's see. Anyway, about Tommy to rip in poor little Tommy. You can't help it if he's got a squeaky voice. He's a good guy. We like him a lot. Okay. Even if he does have a very squeaky offended voice. He just does this for the money anyway. That's right. He doesn't give a crap of all what the resounds go to the night. He's that's right. And what our whole sales thrust. Just give us the fn money. We don't give the spot sounds good. If we get it right or whatever. Just give us the money. Two. Steve Goldstein all day all the time. Now you're getting warm. The morning show with Steve Goldstein. The dolphin pregame show with Steve Goldstein. Last year we actually broadcast a few Panther games. They pay him 26k year and plug it in everywhere. I think he's making a little more than that. But he is getting plugged in is what I'm hearing. Isn't that what you heard plugged in? That's what I heard. I heard it was up the button. Yeah. 560560 on the 18 barger got that face. Did not have it lost it, baby. Haven't lost it. You know what I am? Another train monkey. That's it. 424 votes on the pool. How do you feel? About tomorrow's election. There is an election of our by the way. Anybody care? No. It's very important. 147. I'm voting but not excited. 117. It's life in death 68. I'm not voting. Why bother 59. And what? Me worry 33. 33. Here's a good one. I'm going to save it for tomorrow. The great Republican records and abortion company stole the White House. By Jackson Thurrow. I'm going to save that for tomorrow. Also well list out. I'm going to save that for tomorrow. I'm going to save that for tomorrow. I'm going to save that for tomorrow. I'm going to save that for tomorrow. I'm going to save that for tomorrow. I'm going to save that for tomorrow. I'm going to save that for tomorrow. I'm going to save that for tomorrow. I'm going to save that for tomorrow. I'm going to save that for tomorrow. I'm going to save that for tomorrow. I'm going to save that for tomorrow. I'm going to save that for tomorrow. I'm going to save that for tomorrow. I'm going to save that for tomorrow. I'm going to save that for tomorrow. I'm going to save that for tomorrow. I'm going to save that for tomorrow. I'm going to save that for tomorrow. I'm going to save that for tomorrow. I'm going to save that for tomorrow. I'm going to save that for tomorrow. I'm going to save that for tomorrow. I'm going to save that for tomorrow. I'm going to save that for tomorrow. I'm going to save that for tomorrow. I'm going to save that for tomorrow. I'm going to save that for tomorrow. I'm going to save that for tomorrow. I'm going to save that for tomorrow. I'm going to save that for tomorrow. I'm going to save that for tomorrow. I'm going to save that for tomorrow. I'm going to save that for tomorrow. I'm going to save that for tomorrow. I'm going to save that for tomorrow. I'm going to save that for tomorrow. I'm going to save that for tomorrow. I'm going to save that for tomorrow. I'm going to save that for tomorrow. I'm going to save that for tomorrow. I'm going to save that for tomorrow. I'm going to save that for tomorrow. I'm going to save that for tomorrow. I'm going to save that for tomorrow. I'm going to save that for tomorrow. I'm going to save that for tomorrow. I'm going to save that for tomorrow. I'm going to save that for tomorrow. I'm going to save that for tomorrow. I'm going to save that for tomorrow. I'm going to save that for tomorrow. I'm going to save that for tomorrow. I'm going to save that for tomorrow. I'm going to save that for tomorrow. I'm going to save that for tomorrow. I'm going to save that for tomorrow. I'm going to save that for tomorrow. I'm going to save that for tomorrow. I'm going to save that for tomorrow. I'm going to save that for tomorrow. I'm going to save that for tomorrow. I'm going to save that for tomorrow. I'm going to save that for tomorrow. I'm going to save that for tomorrow. I'm going to save that for tomorrow. I'm going to save that for tomorrow. I'm going to save that for tomorrow. I'm going to save that for tomorrow. I'm going to save that for tomorrow. I'm going to save that for tomorrow. I'm going to save that for tomorrow. I'm going to save that for tomorrow. I'm going to save that for tomorrow. I'm going to save that for tomorrow. I'm going to save that for tomorrow. I'm going to save that for tomorrow. I'm going to save that for tomorrow. I'm going to save that for tomorrow. I'm going to save that for tomorrow. It's the only shot you've got. WQAM. QAM. Hello. Not there. That's so depressing. That was going to be better than the Richard Friedman call. WQAM. Hello. Yes, sir. How's it going? Okay. All right. I have never called before, but it's just three. Yeah. Many times. Not really. Okay. This is the election. I just wanted to say that. I was elected by the people that get caught on tape saying that he's going to go around. The deviating thing. Right. The deviating system. Right. Which is the people want it. He's going to go around it. And there's still people that support. And both major newspapers and Dorson forget about people because they're supposed to be stupid. And they are. But the newspapers are supposed to have an IQ bigger than the thumbnail. They both endorsed the sky when they got him on tape saying he's got a subreddit. Will the public? Be incredible. And another thing. If anybody wants any. Why not to vote for this guy? Just go and talk to anybody in the education system like my mother who works for the transportation department. And there are buses which are. Kids standing up, which is illegal because there's not even enough money to pay bus drivers or buses. That's right. It's incredible. Well, for 20 or 30 times tomorrow, I'll fall. Don't forget. Good luck to us. Thanks. There you go. I told you it was a good guy. Why do you hear that? Who will be a waxing? Why do you say such a self-pating spickman? Just amazing to me. I don't hate myself. You are to spicks what mad drugs is to 567. 560 to ladies. 560 on the AT&T. What the hell is this story anyway? I think Lin must have turned him down. WQAN. No, there we go. The Raspberry guy. They would have been no one to complain. What do you get them? Don't get all excited. We haven't heard from him since we started thing calls again. He calls all the other shows. He had to save it, though, see? Because you've put it on his people right on hold. So he had to save it until they could get it out. I like to fact he bends over when does that. WQAN. Yes, sir. I am pissed off and fired up. Good. Here's one. We finally got somebody that's worked out. You don't sound like it. But nevertheless. No, I am really wanting to hear my angry voice. Just something. Hey, I drive for a living. I don't see a lot of mixed-bried stickers on cars. I see mostly jam, jam, jam, jam. The funny thing is, it's always on, you know, like, blue hairs or really, really expensive nice cars. But funny thing, you know, being from South Florida or actually living here, I had nothing to do last night. So the wife and I packed up the car and the kiddies. And we went around kicking down, Jeff Bush's car. Good. Excellent. I love it. And I'm, you know, something. There's one of my neighborhood on a pool that I have to pass by every day and away home. Today I'm going to like park the car. I'm just going to stop the car in the middle of the road. Run over and just rip it off the pool. I'm sick and tear that being and haven't to see that thing. I won't be there. The worst thing is that, you know, people, it's not enough seeing them on the city street. But people have got them in their yards. Yeah. I mean, that's just tasteless. Right. So I'll meet you there and we'll kick them all down. All right. Love you, man. See you. But see you have that big pool tomorrow, baby. Everybody get out the old big pool. Well, I need a ride, just boy. We're going to just swayed him from being on the air because he's got all this influence that way. And you know, the best part of that whole deal. I mean, forget about Tom's chicken, Kevin Baxter. These people and, you know, little leaders in the newspapers here like they're journalists like my dog is a brain surgeon. But the fact of the matter is with all the power of the national media, the fox knows that work. Uh, impotent. Impotent. Nobody gives a crap. All new carpet baggers out there. You outsiders, I think you're going to stick your nose in this market. I've been on the air here for 400 years. Okay. Longer than Dracula. So don't give me a son of an answer. I've only a rages. This, and he rages that. Oh, and also that fact I had before said the up until this day and ever knew it was Varzini all along. I'm a sloth that out after they ripped the hell out of guilty. Yeah, that guilty boy. And tomorrow, because most going to be up there in Green Bay, doing a game tonight, making sure that mad dog don't get to speak too much. But anyway, so guilty beyond again, solar tomorrow, squealing his way through the morning show. Let's see tomorrow at nine o'clock. Okay, what we do to crossover. I'll bet you any amount of money you want that he will not mention my name. I will take that bet. You've got because he is verboten man. It's under penalty of death. The P mentions my name. He's out. Just like the beast. You can't tell her what not. I give you about a thousand to one. Okay. I know you'll take a dollar with that. And then you'll split it with guilty. You're not fooling me. You're not fooling me. I see you in there concerning with him. 443 votes on our pool. 155 people say this election tomorrow is very important. 35% for important. I'm voting but not excited. 121. Well, at least they're voting. Okay. They're not that highly motivated because it's a choice between usual crap. You're right. I'm not saying Bill McBride is crap. In fact, the one great thing Bill McBride's got to go for me. No, what it is. He's not Jeb. And he's not Jeb Bush. Very good. Even little George knows that. That's the best thing he's got going for me. In Jeb Bush. Well, it's life in debt tomorrow. 69. That's what it says. What kind of polls is 69? Life in debt. I'm not voting my father's 66. Oh, if we had another six. And what me worry 34. I think we left an option out. Well, saying like Robby Young says we're all doomed. More already know that. How's Robby doing by the way? 26. Oh, and don't let me forget. One day this week because I didn't do it on Friday. One day this week I found some more really great stuff. I really, really, really, really, really. I love that too. I love that stuff. It was great. Yes. You missed one. Didn't you do more last week? No. Oh, I don't know. But over the weekend at home, I did it all around on the thing and found some more really good stuff. So we'll get some more of that on because, you know, it takes us back in the days when we actually had a few freedoms in this country. We're run by a bunch of right-wing lunatics. 26. Passed noon at 5. 60 WQAM. Hey, let me tell you. Matt for shopping the old traditional way. That's one thing the new way is better in the old way because the new way means you don't leave the house. All you do is sit there on your fat lazy ass, shove in Cheetos down your post and make one easy call. 1800 mattress. 1800 MATGRES. You'll talk to people in all their crap. They know betting inside and out. They know every mattress that's ever been invented. And they are going to sell to any crap. No off-brands. They carry only the top brands in the world. Sorta. Seely. Simmons Kingcourt. You get the drift. And no other store can match their selection of their simply real prices. And because they got the deepest selection of brand name, new mattresses. They don't ever give you the old bait and swation. Pebble your mattress. You didn't really want the first place. Exactly the one you're looking for. The size, the style, whatever is in stock ready for nearly immediate delivery. And after you hang up that phone, they're knocking on the door whenever you want. With an any tour window you like between 1214 and 214, 117 and 317 and 422 and 620 etc. And they give you the 30 day in home comfort guarantee to check it out the real way. Do the smart thing like I've been doing for a long time. And Miguel finally got around to it now. He's got a big smile on his face and we know why. Called that on mattress 1 800 mattress 1 800 MATGRES or you can also check it out. And that worldwide way of it. If you like at mattress.com. My life and love all this is for 315. You way, way, way. Yeah. The floor even loves neo Rogers. Nobody reposes you more. Oh that is what I was going to play. I'm sitting here and I have the wrong goddamn thing queued up. It was supposed to be. By the time I get through the next couple of minutes, she is going to have to pick every scab off that futureed, puss-filled body of hers. Alright? Nobody reposes you better. That is so I'm going crazy on this. Yes because this has got to stop. You make me sick, Pat, you bitch. God! How is it possible to be so stupid, Pat? Nobody reposes you. And I was so scared of me. Who idiot you asshole you? Baby he's the bad guy. Well, sing this you fat slob. I'm going to take this cord and I'm going to shove it right up his ass. Okay? And I'm going to shove this thing so far up his butt. That he's going to be singing a different tune when I get through them. But we have a longer cord than his piece of crap. Look at this. Look how short this damn thing is. You've got 100 assholes running around this building. They can find another one besides him, although, maybe not that big. Go get it out of there. Go pull it, cord somewhere. Go do something. Pull what in your case a good question. Okay? God. Don't start looking once again as always. The plain fat old meal, over whatever you're upset about. You've been discussing nauseating old slums. Old crabby old bitches. Yeah, if you don't we think you're going to split your butt in your fucking ear. Yeah, I'm going to split it wide open. You're going to split your skull with a male and you're stupid old bitch. There we go. Now we're cooking. What did I just get through talking about? It was old bag. We don't watch you, lady. Okay? Go get some knitting of. Go find some crossword puzzles to do. Go get something like a burial manual. It's a 1232 or a 560 boy. What got me all whipped up then? Must have been on some really heavy do these stuff. How come we don't have any more of that stuff anymore? What stuff? Whatever I was on that day that she got all that stuff off of on that tip. Anyway, Neil, you said a new salary standard when Jim Paxon, Jim Paxon, I think he knew it. Buddy, bug Paxon tried to glue you down at WIOD and KWMACU. WMACU isn't Chicago. Well, he's got a little dyslexical problem here. I'll pay you what you obviously worked on when he had the gun to their head. Probably should have. All the other downstairs should worship you. Oh, yeah. Should they worship me? Jesus Christ. Jim Man is now using his Howard Davis. New York's to Colorado style technique of saying the last word of a sentence quickly or flipping it. He now sounds like a pro. We've hoated many cities without a thought of any problem. The election process in Florida must be contrived to be discontusing. No, we just have a lot of done people who can't do it right. They don't have to wear a contrived. Here's another one. Tracy and Kendall, let me submit my vote for a survey category. Not listed. I voted on 1031. I'm not only worried. I'm certain my vote won't be counted. No, remember fifth like you say is window dressing for the scandal. That's already in place. God help us all down. Here in Florida. PS is that Vokobrian, sign up pizza. Bob will have commercial you run. It sounds like him. And happy birthday, sister. Thanks, Tracy. Thought it was good. Fastest today. Everybody seems to be in a pretty good chip or mood. Markets weigh up like I told you. I'll contrived. I'll phone you. I'll be manipulated. As decks up 57. The S&P is up 22. Based on nothing. Based on the fact that a lot of people a lot of money. And a lot of power to gain and a lot to lose if they don't. Are dicking around with that thing. Of course, what we shouldn't know in a long time ago about several hundred thousand dollars are going in some of our cases. Was there always been dicking around with it? A big fat phony fraud just as the folks over there on a gambling channel. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon line. WCQAM. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, how you doing? All right. You know, I'm one of those millions. One of those million people that are kind of pissed off. Yeah. The hurricane's been screwed. Okay. Good call up. Joe's a gacking discusser with him. Okay. More on. The hurricane's in a BCS. The hurricane. Oh, brother. I hear that stuff on this radio station makes me want to just get out of gun. Not blow my own bomb rings out just a few others. You know, just make me feel better. We're getting screwed with the BCS. That's that's Florida for you. Man, that's the important stuff is the nose, the cones and the uh, uh, getters. That's that's the important stuff. This whole state should be just one big trailer park. You know what? That's what it should be. It isn't. Well, I mean, you're getting condo. I was going to say you got the condo commandos and the trailer park. Other net that's pretty much it. Just a bunch of yay who's man and old feeble sea aisle people. Drive it around and then big Jew can use man. Not to make you gag. The hurricane's been screwed. Good. WCQAM. Yeah. Hey, thanks for taking the call. Thanks for making your call. Hey, listen, what does uh, make fried thing where they keep bringing up the fired all these people and his law firm? Yeah. Oh, he did with privatized those positions. Yeah. That's what Jed does all the time. Well, first of all, what does that have to do with anything when you come right down? Well, what does that mean? Well, that means that he can take and the job that he was paying, except it's all those salaries for and his own law firm. Yeah. He took and he hired out and had those very same services provided for lower cost. Yeah. Which is what Jed keeps paying. He does when he does all that stuff that he gets his friends to pay the amount. Right. Lied you mean like the F.C.T.T.T.S. with Neil Bush? Oh sure. Anyway, I'm trying to go to vote this afternoon and uh, maybe I can go again tomorrow. Please two or three times. Thank you. Okay. See, that's the idea since you can vote just about every day now for the last whatever it's been. Just go today and then go back to you and tomorrow they'll never know the difference. I wonder if they got any younger poll workers this year to think because, I mean, that thing we had two years ago. I wasn't just affected all the machines were screwed up and the punch cards and the chairs and all that. But the people man in the goddamn voting, uh, uh, uh, older than. In fact, I think that woman she must have been on her way to her job. Her poll or worker job is to that old bag in the Cadillac. Good. Good. Golly Miss Molly. I am sitting there and I'm screaming. I don't know if you do that. I'm like a crazy person. I'm screaming as I go past and I see who's driving at vehicle. At least who's behind the wheel. I mean, driving would be an exaggeration. And I'm saying, what are you doing in that car? Why are you on this road? You crazy old bitch. Polaro. And it was seriously, I was someday what I would love to do. Only a predicate in a wreck. I would love to do is just whip right in front of them, slam on a break and force them to stop and say, Get out of the car right now. You can use my cell phone. Here it is. I'll make the call for you. Give me the keys and take a cab or have somebody come and pick you up and bring an extra person to drive that thing away. You don't want to say it? I don't. You have that. You cannot be driving. You cannot be in a vehicle that is moving unless somebody else is driving it. Good. Got Almighty. And those are the people that run this state. That's why we're in a mess that we're in. The gate. The a great commandos. WQAM. Hello Neil. Yes sir. Hey. Next thing I call. That was a nice bit. What was that like in the gas station at Bell? Door. That was my car just thirded up. I love it. Oh I see. It was like the seatbelt. Exactly. Great. Hey. I was just a voter on the net. But an hour ago. And I jumped to the QAM website and did see what they put in there for you. Where did they get that picture of you? That was like they took it under police lights or something. Yeah. They did. On the beach. Well that was it. Okay. Thanks. I think I've bad pictures of her. I can't count if I wanted to compare the one of them on a call. What did I did Ammelon to send? That is my favorite. If you haven't seen that go to qm.com. Now it's not under. What is it under? Hosts. Is it under hosts? Yes. And check that picture on. And notice the sideburns are one color. And the whatever that creature has been. It must have been his. You know, it must not have the good piece on that day. I still can't believe you tell me he's got different. Different to pays for different days. Right. Like different shoes. To pay for every day. Mix. That's a clear-membered day. You look gay. Yeah. Wow. And what is that so good? What do you say? 560 50560 on the AT&T and Verizon line We're getting out here. We want to clock to make room for 8000 hours of pregame festivities Starting with the incredibly terminal. Turminal. Turminal. He'll be on for the mad dog at one. I'll tell you having Joseph Aki on for Jim Manage is like having it would be like having uh I'm trying to think of a comparison. It would be like having George W. Bush replace Bill Clinton as president. There you go. Good analogy. I think it's very apt. 21 till 1 a Q a I am. Hey, Joe. Good job. He's at least a good guy. Okay. It's not personal. Joe. It's this business. You just pondress. And then of course to think what those hurricane games on already. I heard him one game a little bit. That was in the car. Just screaming and yelling to compensate for his boredom. You know, screaming and screeching. Just calm down. Joe. Last thing we need on this station is another screamer. Hey, let's face it. You've been here and I was talking about fast train for a very, very long time for a couponsay. Joe, sorry, Mr. Gibson. The facts are simple. If you have the dedication, fast train will provide you with necessary training to become a certified computer professional. According to time magazine, and they know their crap at time, the demand for a certified computer professionals will continue to get bigger and explode. Their average student completes the training and just foreshort months attending school three nights a week. Once you complete your certification, fast train will assist you in getting you a great new computer job. Fast train invites you to come and visit their train career counselor and determine which track is ideal for you. Moe Hawke would vine, shouted down, sir, but take you down. Call fast train toll free at 1-8-6-8-6 fast train to set up an appointment. And of course, with four convenient locations is about to be one nearby you. Kendall, Miami, Pembroke, Pines, and for Loderdale. No forget to ask the current counselor for a long list of students just like yourself or currently their dream jobs, making the big bucks with the training they got at fast train. So what do you got to lose with that dead end job? Call him today toll free and tell him that old Neil tweeted to call fast train 1-8-6-6 fast train. That's 1-8-6 fast train or check them out on the web at fasttrainingyougotit.com. Ladies, there's nothing more than a stinky smell emanating from way down there. Oh, believe me, your love tunnel can get that way pretty fast from improper care. So if you want to clean, premon proper love canal, you need to use clutter rocks. It's the industrial strength wedge cleaner. And it comes in a variety of flavors to please him. Hmm, strawberry, my favorite. Hold your horses, big guy. So if you want to clean fragrant loves that way, get clutter rocks. Because soap and water just isn't enough. Now where were we? Yeah. Come 44-5-60 WCM here. This is from the independent observer UK. It says America tackles the real issues, pot pregnant pigs and cockfights. You know about the pig about the pig women number 10, pre-combatists? Well, let's make sure we protect those pigs okay. Also known as the Rosy O'Donnell Amendment on the yellow tomorrow. Protect the pigs. 491 votes on a poll or approaching the 500 mark. Don't forget we got the dolphins and Bart Star on a green bay packers tonight. I think matchmagee is going to come back and make a big catch. Matchmagee is dead. Any I think? Uh-huh. Yeah. He got to make a big catch. Who is the great line? Middle linebacker from the a green bay packers from those glory days. Was it a thing? Chuck uh. Come on. Chuck uh not yet. Chuck now. Right. Chuck Noll. Oh seriously what that was his name? The great uh Hall of Flame. Well somebody will call it. WCM. Ray Netsky. Ray Netsky. Thank you. Very good. You're doing your part on the election. The LFO. You can do it. Yes. What have you voting for McBride tomorrow? Good. Two, three times. And let's give a quick shout out to some of my buddies on the corner 67B 37C and 22C. All right. Of the L-assure. Okay. Hey hi to Ray too. Was it the track on Saturday night? It's Pomp and O'Park. Probably thinks I'll forget. Hey Ray how you doing? They're up there. A bunch of our people having a great time. I think they want a couple of bucks. And what he just said and Spurr I was going to say something so damn important there and it just slipped away. See that's what happens all your kids out there when you get old and people like me. You have something like really I mean just unbelievably like earth shaking. That's going to like change the future of mankind and before you know it I don't know. I'm serious it was something like unbelievably important. Probably not. Let's wait for it to come back. Yeah well got a long way. WCM. I'll be just French-eyed. Come on Mo. You can you can hear the long distance there. Can you? You can hear that on my mom and tone that I'm job. It's time to get it on. Get out here. All right Nitsky is what he said. Yeah Ray Nitsky. That was the instant response. See that's because we got the football crowd listening to this radio station. Ray Nitsky man. Not Chuck Ray Nitsky and of course Ray Scott. Anybody remember the great broadcaster? Ray Scott had a little bit of a problem. He wasn't any Mohardo. Nobody QAM. QAM. Yes man. Hi. Happy birthday to you. Happy birthday tomorrow. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Really? Yes. It's the guy folks day and every year on November this kids buy a seat for fireworks and everybody has bonfires in the backyard and it celebrates Guy Fox who tried to buy a ride. Guy for. Oh okay. He tried to blow up the houses of parts of the 1600s. I'll be there. And they found the the gunpowder and they executed him and so every day every November visit fireworks day. I'll be there. So happy birthday. Thanks a Okay. They elect those queens over the ringman. That's why they blow off the fireworks. Gary Bower with Wolf Blitz and Blitzkrieg. President of American values. Now is for having this company. Yeah. Yeah. Oh God. This is what you want to control America's people like this. What a mess. Oh my God. People like this. This whole crowd of right wing fanatics and what to change it in just 20 years we've gone from these people used to be on the lunatic far right fringe we used to call them and other run in the goddamn country. American values my ass and there's Gary Bower saying it's stake control a Congress. No crap. No crap because people like him that's all we need is people like him and Dr Kennedy and all these other for a visitor my wingers to be in control of this government. All I can tell you folks, little piece of advice, squeeze those passports real tight. Squeeze it as tight as you can. All of them might be watching. It's 11 before one at five, 60 WQMNO traveling today can be a real pain in the as very stressful especially when you get to the airport. You have to start to look for a place to park and then of course when you try to drive into the airport they stick that the mirror you know under your car and they're looking for a bomb on all kinds of stuff and if you do find a park and space it's usually a long slip to where you have to go. National limos can change all of these things. The liariby location on time at a brand new sedan limousine van whatever you need to take you where you have to go. It's hassle free. National limos not only take secure transportation here but also anywhere in the world. So when you arrive at your destination national limos will be there waiting for you. Call National limos at this number. Tolfrey 1-877-376-3200. If you don't like to fly in commercial airlines, National limos aviation department can arrange the safest private aircraft for your travel worldwide. For your sports fans out there there's no better way to get to and from the game. Then one on National limos super stretch the machines or luxury coaches while everybody else is in their car's fighting traffic any other. If you're looking for a way to get to the airport the game we're just a night around town and maybe you know have a little celebration let them do the drive. National limos call them at Tolfrey 1-877-376-3200. Tell them you'll for new call get 10% off on your first airport service or a free hour of chartered limousine service. 1-877-376-3200. They should. With the sewer of this place. Here's a Heather from Fox News. Hi, Neil. How are you? I'm okay. I think. But thanks for taking our call we've been trying to reach you for the past couple days. Trying to reach me you've called people I haven't been invented yet you called dead relatives of mine. What's the story, Heather? We're working on the story about the city you're promoting on your website that's called Chissa I won't say it and word good morning. Heather are you listening to the show? Yes, I am. I've been listening past couple days and just see what we're doing. Did you hear me go through the entire rationale of what that song had nothing to do with condolese rice? Uh-huh. What about the song, condolese? I condolese. That was obviously about condolese. I want to know why you're playing this on your show. No, I see. I'd like to know why you're not. This is really interesting. Why are you calling me? Ask me why I should play this. We have some periods of a built-clinton dozens of them. Nobody ever complained about that. We have some periods about Al Gore dozens of them. Nobody ever complained about those. Well, African-American folks up in here. New York are pretty offended by it. Let me say this to you, Karen. We're not in New York. Uh-huh. Okay. We don't broadcast in New York. We're on WQM in Miami. And the fact that the matter is that except for people like you and the people at that right-wing newsmax.com will want to make a big difference about this. If we weren't for that, they wouldn't even be aware that we exist. Okay. This organization that's offended by it is a national organization. The fact that the matter is we've been playing these songs for many, many, many months. We've never had one single complaint. And when interlopers like you from outside like from Fox News are from some right-wing website, want to tell us what, I mean, for you to ask me, how come you're playing that? Because we want to play it. Okay. Neal, what's the name? What is it? What is it? What is it? What is it called? It's called comedy. That's what it's called. Do you have a sense of humor? Do you think it's funny? It's called, uh, the call con delisa right? In a dig in a dig, in a dig, a very velafonic called or the house negro. Okay. So we'll call it whatever we want. But this is a little bit different. I mean, it's not so. It's not the least bit different. She is the house negro. See you people at Fox may not understand this. Not everybody in the world is the right winger like Rupert Murdoch. There actually are those of us who are progressive or moderate liberal. Whatever we are who also have the right to speak to express whatever it'll be one. So if we're paying again what you just said for me there. You think she is a what? She's the house negro. Uh-huh. And you don't find anything wrong with that. Well, what do you mean wrong with it? It's a fact. That's my opinion. Am I entitled to my apartment? You're thrown in a needle? And that's basically, that's basically what Harry Bellafondy said as well. And obviously, this is why nobody returned your calls. Whatever your name is. Because we knew that you were trying to stir up a bunch of crap and take something out of context. When I asked you to dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig you listen. Did you listen? See we're not doing it in plan. We're not doing it in a wrong way. Okay. It's my show and I'm not going to have you scream over me. You're trying to out talk me. Okay. It's not going to work. Okay. Uh-huh. You know, I asked you in the beginning of the conversation, which I was very common. I asked you. Did you hear me explain the origin of that song, the rest of Tussan song, the fact of the matter is, and I don't I'm sure he must have been on your channel. Randall Kennedy, the black author who wrote the book, Nigger the Strange, Career of a troublesome word. Not that I'm aware of. Well, he was certainly on CNN. He was on MSNBC. Maybe he was on Fox because he wasn't that I don't know. Maybe he just didn't weren't aware of it. Oh, you know, I have that question for you. Are you aware of that book? You portray yourself to be this sort of liberal voice. But yet you're, I don't put labels on me. I'm, for example, if I'm, what would you call your, what would you call your, what would I call yourself a human being? You see, you people on Fox, it's this old liberal and a conservative stuff when I would hide button shoes on. I may think I'm living in a dream. In a video in addition to why do I have to end Miami Florida answered to some assholes in New York on Fox News. How I do my show. What is it your business? There are a lot of people who care and there are people in Miami. They care about this too. Who are they? Who are they? Name me one person. My amuse concerned about it. But we know down there certainly. And they name me one. Two. Look. Name me one. It's offensive. Name me one. Name me one. Name me one. The very high I don't care what you say. We don't like collerter. Okay. Have a nice day. Okay. We're calling her whatever we feel like corner. She's a public god damn figure. And blow it out your right when asked and you and Bill and by the way, a rally didn't make the number zero. The rally's a crumbling look what you be doing. It's the old fascist blackhead who gets what's the doll. Is you day because you are at home, but you need gold. Is you deflacated and you're familiar with this smart. Does they lack? Are you having shoes underneath the old way you wash and off the whiteest cars? George, if you knew say he trust you, but believe you. Who tell our allies of the greedy oil wall? But then he make you clean all the white house bathroom. The pussy's the toilet and then scrub the floor. They tell you, don't wear sandals. umasives good people. Your home keeps going要 make themого luresht as you old. Yourald Australia loves him so he slags you farewell throw as frowns tat Bog Papi You'll be that dopey spoon On the while you'll be flipping fat gays You'll be alive That's the cream you just like your ester-roll That's when your head will move from side to side Underneath the earth Into bush and from it Baby crack on asshole Oh, I forgot to give her a message too Okay, forgot to do that on Friday Anyway, that's gonna do it have a great day. Hope early and often we got Joseph Gacky coming I'm next because well, he just is Bye bye Bye bye The watch is show on 26th of February My only four more days I'll kind of link this and psychiatry for you for us today