In July, a noodle shop owner in southern Guanxi was arrested on charges that he poisoned customers at arrival business by putting red poison in its soup. Nobody died but 57 people were hospitalized and complaining about the bitter taste. The poison used on Saturday was called Dushu Kuan, which is made with tetramine, which attacks the nervous system. The poison was banned in 1991. The poisonings have occurred in China as it prepares for the 16th Congress of the Communist Party during which a major reshuffle of China's leadership is expected. China's ministry of propaganda has recently had managed China's journalist, all of whom work for the state to limit their reports about negative issues, like people being poisoned in a competing eatery. Little stuff like that. Why not a step poll as you're taking a long time to get enough there today? You think that maybe Eric's over-sub today? Maybe. I'll call him. I don't have to call him. He's on it. Maybe I should read it one more time. Maybe he's confused. Maybe he's pissed because I didn't fax it to him this morning. Well I was, see, I'm not going to have time to be faxing too many poll dear because now we have these very important confets. First we have the salespeople come in there especially PD Lenny who I never want to hear from again and then we get now not just one program director but we get two of them for the price of one. But you're clear what's in there and then we get stuff. And by the way, if I'm not patching around what the engineers are going to clock, let them deal with the engineer up here okay? Let him deal with it. Which is a good idea? Yeah, sure. See, we got the salespeople that want me to make up the copy form and I would get the engineering people want me to be the engineer form too. I don't think so. I'm going to wrong union for all that stuff. 926 at 560 you see, two can play hard ball okay? Two can play that game. I'm just I'm Leon at War Clock. I'm out to do I'm going to lunch. See you, Duff. 863 votes are final talent from yesterday in Unis 165% of your trust and belief that Yahoo lady from George. We believe she didn't make up that story and at one guy would add bad doily man. He didn't help their cause at all. Get some better head year sweetheart can't hurt and trim that beard. Yeah, trim that the grotesque looking growth and the beard too. Do you like the West Boca your official Atkins diet retail center reminds you that all Atkins brand products are 25% off every day. The Lates carries the complete lot of Atkins diet products as well as over 500 delicious low carb and sugar free foods. So, slip over to what delights. As reported recently in New York Times on CNN, Dateline, NBC and CBS news, the Atkins diet continues to be one today's most popular and successful diets. Low carb dieting is finally getting the respect it be deserving and the lights of us focus has been leading in low carb sugar free diet for a few years. So, slip over there even if you spit your brains out. Over 100,000 customers will testify there is no better store. There's no competition and the lights absolutely will not be undersold and you know they have to be good people because they put up with PD Lennie is their AE and you can sample anything from their incredible selection you can try it before you buy it before you pop it in your posts. Delights friendly and eligible staff will walk you through the store. Point in the right direction and share you on as the pounds come flying off at Big Chubby Body of yours. Don't forget there's only one Delights of our Spokane Rope and every day 7 days week till 10pm. You'll find them on the Northeast corner of Glades in 441 in most prestigious Vokane where what's his name lives. Call 1-877 low carb or check them out on the web at lowcarb.com. 9. Pretty cool. That's Paul Castro over you were that of course and one of his three great bits the other one was Rick Sanchez board game and the other one was the other one. The tumblers the same he split tumblers and then there was a bill and Ted's excellent adventure. You got about four of her six of his matter of fact nice going out Paul and I think all those are original too well don't be carried away 15 votes the poll is up there on the orangish.com a very important listener survey as we try to find out our noon to one hour is down and of course that all goes back to Greg Reed miss him with our schedule again but I love 9 to one I wouldn't go back to 10 to two for all of my in the world. True did it turn around on that tonight. Yeah she got you got to try and do things gotta give him a chance before he's never got an eel he changes his mind a lot and he's never you don't forget the only reason I got sour on is because the audience was grumbling oh we don't like this way of this sucks well too bad okay I like it I like it it's my life it's my freaking job it's my show I like it. 15 votes Neil with less than the meal 10 10 out of 15 it's not too good that's only two thirds. See what I'm saying well you know remember you got the game players I don't know right yet now rush to other one bill or I want a music one so in other words now a nine didn't known is enough for them and that big noon to one hour. We're gonna start working on that because it blows. Actually noon to one hours pretty damn good I use it if you've been turning it out you missing all the good stuff but that's okay. Here's some good stuff that you're like Sunday season primarily surprising some prannos was that oh and just what I saw last night an old soprano that the said oh that was on to it's on every night. In fact which I saw about two minutes of it again I couldn't stand it it was the one where it was chewing the markers and I'm making enough money and he was from the bucket of ice at the bartender oh yeah that was the new one. That was the new one that was the one from this Sunday. Oh I see. The bartender's always getting hit with things like falling. See you know what this reminds me of it's like mash to me I'm just giving my own personal perspective mash everybody watch mash I haven't mash I never watched it don't have a perspective. Yes I do. I don't it's on every single night they got a different episode on my movie channels you're having watch can't stick with it long enough to get into it. I like it you haven't watched it I don't want to see it you haven't watched it. You are the biggest little hard ass I'm telling you the best things. Some of the previous of pranos was an addition to which the thing where he's hitting the guy with the ice bucket it was so obviously a rip off of the thing where Sonny is him Carla Carlo in the godfather with the lid from the trash can watching this jointed you ever touched my sister again watching this jointed images. I will not watch it. Can I get through this story that we only got to 11 o'clock for this stuff in addition to which they're going to start turning off at 11 o'clock you keep this up. Sunday season premiere the sopranos was the most watch show in AB HBO's 30 year history and whack every network show at its time slot. The fourth season premiere average 7.9 million households that say whopping 13.4 million viewers from 9 to 10 p.m. is the mobsters on pro's x series return after 60 multi-edas this is my Michael star today's New York post. More impressive is that HBO is seen in only a third of the homes that get ABC CBS NBC in Fox and the sopranos beat its competition on all those networks. How do you like that? I like it a lot. Everything comes to a stop. See now I didn't have to read this story. I've picked and choose here whatever it is I want to put on here and in the fact that I don't enjoy it I'm not watching it. Well, what does that have to do with the price of peas? Nothing it's news. The show even vested ESPN's traditionally taprated something that NFL game was average 11.3 million viewers. And the 13.4 million viewers who watched the sopranos on Sunday dwarf the number for last seasons premiere which then at 11.3 million viewers in 6.8 million households keep track of these numbers right and down. All right. On Sunday show mob boss Tony soprano dealt with money problems his wife his wild child daughter mettle was deciding what to do with their life and Christopher continued to take care of business and feed a growing drug habit. Also back with Tony's wacky sister Janice and the rest of the sopranos crew including Pauli Walnuts in jail and Ohio, Silvio and Ralph. The sopranos has been off the earth since wrapping in surcize made 2001. Silvio creator David Ches said he needed more time to sculpt the fourth season in Zephyr's apeto or paid off. The monsters easily blew away their rivals after the SPA game came wild for good about that. But now maybe people want to know after the football game NBC's law in order criminal 10 at 10.8 million viewers followed by foxes the lost world 9.4 million ABC's notting Hills 7.9. So you never let me tell you what I saw last night. What did you see last night? I saw us and it gets another one of those movie channels. And I have no idea why they show all these episodes. It was the last episode of Smallville. Oh. Yeah. It was WWE. I have no idea why I said I will be channeling. I guess they just show what I want to show. They're showing previews for they're going to start the series over again like syndicated syndicated something like that from the very beginning again on the video. Really down here. So anyway I had forgotten how traumatic that last episode was. It's a good thing I saw because it gets me ready for next Tuesday's first episode of this season. Yes. Or they pick up or what's his name? Lichluthers father is obnoxious nasty father is lying there coming the thing out of that beam. And Liches got the blood pouring from his eye and given him that evil eye look you know. And then of course what's your name, Talana? Yes. Is that her name? Lanna Lane. She's in that red pickup truck that she borrowed from Janet. And that thing is the tornado is blowing that thing up in here. Now this is interesting because Clark of course can't fly yet. The tornadoes have taken that thing and picked it up right in the air and she's inside. Yeah, but can't he leap? Really high? Well he can leap. In fact he's got leapyly with a misdent this episode. He's doing leapyly at tall bounds. And so he's got to take care of her and then what's his name Whitney? I guess he must not go to be on the season. The blonde kid? Yeah. Why used to think wasn't too bad looking but after seeing him last night they meet him I still run out of makeup because they had all the special effects. But he's looking pretty nasty. But anyway he went off to join the army or something didn't he? I don't actually. Actually, she drove into the bus station and they said a tearful goodbye and he said to Clark. I've been really nasty to Yati Yati Yati. I apologize and take care of Lana and Clark said, Oh, you but I will. Although I couldn't get laid manston. Amy said. No, I mean, you know, but of course it's a fantasy show. So why should he be getting a lot of action? Okay. You don't want your superhero to be getting laid. Why? What about Dean? What about Dean King? What was the name of that Superman show? What was in Clark? Okay. Did he get laid on there? I don't know. Like one and a half episodes of that. I mean, he looks pretty good with a lot of makeup on. I think he was. I think they were working towards it. But I know if they actually ever wound up in the sack. They were working on it. Loosen clocked right. They were having a romance in other words. But I don't know if they actually did it. Oh, brother. Well, it's a good thing they're not doing it now because you do understand. John asked cropped an ounce of long with time. Rich last night probably was past your bedtime. That's since we're under orange alert. You only allowed to have one orange as in per week. Yeah. That's right. No, I missed that. It was watching the next two episodes of this. See, this isn't looking too good for our new to one hour boys and girls. I think I had three hours of this crap is enough. I think a three hour show sounds great. Excellent. What do you listen to most days in the new to one hour? Neal 33. This is out of 46. Rush five. These are the emotional cripples who can't handle the truth. Who want to hear more that right wing bull crap? Villa Raleigh for. See that? Music too. Jim or on one and other ones. See my perspursifications are what? I know the lay of the land. I know what's going on. And then that's fine. That's fine. If you want to hear the right wing horse crap and you want to hear that the bush might do is a wonderful guy I've never sold a freight train and you can handle the fact the truth about Cheney and all these other fascist pigs and all these crooks. That's fine. Oh, I'm sorry. And you're always listening to Rush. You ought to apologize. You ought to go to the goddamn Pope and pray for forgiveness. Let him rub your balls five little bit. 939 21 until 10 at 560 WQM. We got Jim and did you one follow our new to one hour, which most of you won't be listening to. Hank Goldberg of three, Marlins on deck. Look at that. Hank's got nobody in the five to six hour. Have he do any of the humpers? Three and a half hours baby. Three and a half hours. Six thirty to seven oh five Marlins on deck. Marlins and the spows at seven oh five. Any K after the baseball game in joy mark overnight. The dirty boys. You want to take your family off for a fabulous feast and didn't skip me tell me last week he was going to send me some new copy for Emerald Coast. I don't recall. Yes he did he. You were sitting right there when he said so. It was said to me. No, we did not. That's okay because I probably wouldn't turn it up and discuss anyways. Skip it. So forget about it. Okay you're an idiot. You're an idiot who goes. Like a little girl. Only little girl goes. See he. Like that. Even if a girl doesn't do that, I don't think I said in a comic book. Like maybe Nancy might have gone. See he. You think so? I don't know. I'll go chamber. Remember Nancy. I remember Nancy. Now I love Nancy. And sluggo. And sluggo is great. Is that still in the comics? No. Oh. I think she is barely she's on TV. There was an ANC yet thing on TV a couple of weeks ago. I want to these conuctations here on my cable. Anyway if you want to go out for a real feast, the Emerald Coast has been the place for several years now. It is fantastic. The food is fresh. It's delicious. There's all kind of just Oriental food. But all kinds of other goodies too. And you can just need as much as you want. You go back over and over again. Just keep sluggin it in your mouth and your pants under your armpits. And they got three locations for another and sunrise north Miami Beach and now in Pembroke Pines. Some kind of delicious soups. Like I said, dozens of all kinds of mouthwatering on trays. Surf and turf on a weekends with the last in King crab and New York strip steak made to your order with the gourmet center. That's the sizzling Asian grilled featuring Teriaki steak, shrimp, chicken seafood, hand car, a primer. Like I said, cook to your order. And the Emerald Coast buffet is also got a full salad bar. They got sushi and fresh from cocktail too. And if you have a little bit of room left in your pants at the end of the meal, slide some pies and cakes, pastries, ice cream and butter favorite toppings, fresh fruit, side of all down your gullet. Emerald Coast with three locations sunrise at Pine Island of 44th Street, Collins Avenue there just north of 160 third street in North Miami Beach. And flamingo and Pembroke roads in Pembroke Pines, X-Ferres evations, take out and delivery available as well. Call 9-5-4-5-7-2-38-22. And don't forget Surf and turf on a weekends now too. 9-5-4-5-7-2-38-22 for the unbelievably delicious Emerald Coast Chinese buffet. 5-4-5-7-2-35-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6 4-5-6-6-5-4-6-6-7-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-4-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-7-JIS I'm trying to hold you down i'm trying to stand up Take your blood, Lord Jesus. I've got a holy down that I can do to save. Take it a perfect rule of his friend. You'd only pass a spell if you can't wear it that. There you go. There you go. There you go. Let's take it, there you go. Girls just depend on the winning pack guys. She know how to make the ball fit dry. That country can show it now. We want to leave the state of the world. It's powerful. There you go. There you go. There you go. That's it, there you go. There you go. 947 at 560 WCWM. He's one of my favorites. 75 votes on a pool. What do you listen to most days in the noon to one hour? Neal 59, 78.6% but rush six, Villa Riley for music three, other two in Jim Rome, Romey, be heaven one. I do like that. People deserve us at noon. I'm sure that I'm very confident that we'll make up for that other 20% or so that we're missing up 21%. Yes, those, once those billboards go up. Looks at big advertising promotional campaign goes up. The Gregon is a Jew attorney lied about right to our face. So you're going February. I mean, any minute now those billboards are going to fall over time. Oh, guess what? The arages on how to act. You have 9 to 1. How do you like that? No one out. We need some serious help in that. It's good thing I took that poll because we had you have to know where you are. You have to keep a step ahead of these bastards. Merrowama is medicine and Santa Cruz as CBS news. Ramswood calling Santa Cruz a sanctuary from federal authorities. Medical marijuana advocates joined by city leaders passed out pot to about a dozen sick people at city hall yesterday. Santa Cruz is a special place in today. We're letting the world know how compassionate we can be. Mayor Christopher Crohn said Tuesday. We're taking a stand. More than a thousand community members. Jammed in the garden like court yard for a supportive demonstration during the giveaway. Some held signs reading the EA go away and US out of Santa Cruz. Several people in the crowd that marijuana cigarettes, but it was mostly an alcohol and drug free gathering, which is what organizers requested. But several people in the crowd lit marijuana cigarettes. Marijuana is illegal as a medicine or as a recreational drug under federal law. But Stan, you know, the first thing part of this, Rodney, right, wingers out there. What was always the battle cry right? Right, states, right. Yeah, states rise when it came to abortion, whether it came to anybody's identity in my right. Women's right. All now states rise, which of course was a code word for racism. And the sexism and any otherism. Humphobia, you name it. But now all of us, some we got a different story to help with states, right? Because we got this war on drugs going on. Baby, nobody's going to dick with us. Marijuana is illegal as a medicine or as a recreational drug under federal law. But state law and county and city ordinances say it's illegal, if recommended by a doctor. VEA spokesman Richard Meyer said he was appalled by Tuesday's event and feared the community ascending a dangerous message to children. Marijuana's an illegal drug in this country said, In other words, there would be like if they would have sat around drinking Budweiser, Bud Lights? Yes. Would that have been a dangerous message to send to children? Were there any children smoking pot in that crowd? Oh, oh. But Mike Corral who helped us do it to marijuana said the only message sent with that marijuana is medicine. And Santa Cruz and many California communities local law enforcement works closely with growers and distributors who helped sick people obtain marijuana. Cron and his colleagues didn't handle the marijuana Tuesday, but student solidarity with the clinic workers and users. Police chief Steve Belcher said his officers didn't play to arrest registered legitimate members picking up their medicine. However, he said this is not going to be a smoke out at City Hall. People show up to smoke marijuana without a doctor's recommendation. Could face to rest he said, but they didn't. The City Hall podcast distribution comes less than two weeks after DEA agents arrested the owners of a local pot farm and confiscated 130 plants have been grown for uses medicine. Alaska Colorado Hawaii main Nevada Oregon, I walked in also a lot more wanted to be grown and distributed to people with the doctors prescription. And the federal government has pissed off and fired up a lot of babies. They're going to come in there and you're asked. Even if you're in grotesque pain, if you can't even if you'd rather be dead, you're in such pain. And the wicked weed is the only thing that gives you that blessing and blessed, disparate relief. Just like norms of friend, what's your name the old broad? I forget. You know, I'm talking about him, bro. And don't tax it to me, normal. Okay, go. That's right. He can't. He's going on the urn. We should have put that on there too. The tend to 11 hour. Just a goose up his ego a little bit. He devoted out there a hundred times. I guarantee you that. Anybody listen to norm can't tend to 11 hour? No. VC-high X coach to face charges. Not more of these priest stories. You've actually two of them are over here. Sorry. Don't be sorry. Okay. The Reverend James Elf Talbed, a genius. He's... He is... You know, it's amazing to me. Every time you think we go out and find some shlump on the street, for that sales department realized about two three months, and we couldn't possibly do ourselves. You got a hand at tour, you know? That's what... Bro! He used to do it used to hand it to all the time. She'd grab it. But anyway, you... And where does she find these people? Where does she find this skipping guy? Huh? Probably in a jar of peanut butter. Man. He won't be there. He'll never make the new year. He's slow to chunky. He made it. He made it. He made it. Open up by for chunky. Oh, chubby. The Reverend James Elf Talbed, a genius. He's a... Jesus would praise to his transmit under a club of suspicion. In 1980, from his teaching in coaching job at Boston College High School, to an all-boy school in Maine, was indicted yesterday on charges. Then he sexually abused three students at the prestigious Boston Preps School of 1970s. How do you like that? At the prestigious Boston Preps School. A grand jury can be by Suffolk District Attorney Daniel F. Conley charged Talbot with one kind of rape, one kind of assault and with intent to rape, and five kinds of indies in the salt and battery, according to a lawyer and vowed in the case. Suffolk District Attorney. I'd like to be back at Suffolk Downs right now with Eddie Cobb coming on a far outside. Here comes Eddie Cobb and Genghis Khan. Why made a lot of money at Suffolk Downs, you know? What? It's not there anymore. Suffolk Downs. I haven't heard the last two minutes. Why is that? Chunky was the last word I heard. I see. Don't do they still make those candies by the way? Chunky's? I think they do with it without raising and nuts. Oh, they, yeah. No nuts. Okay, like our sales staff. No nuts. And we don't have any women or our sales staff except, If actually, he's probably got the biggest pair of screw-and. Make no mistake. That's what the, what's his name say. Rory! She's got a big pair. And that's two. The indictment. That's what Greg said. The indictment led us to crimes took place on Saturdays in the locker room at BC High, where a talent and courage student athletes to improve their physical fitness by wrestling one-on-one with him, sometimes fat-only in Jock Strap and then, forcefully, molested them. They must have been real, a rocket scientist, you know what? As the wrestling got more involved, he'd say it's hot in here. And he progressively lose more and more, close the hand, encouraged the student to do the same. The lawyers said, citing the victim's allegations. He'd say the bear skin made it more like a street fight and would toughen them up. They need pin to victim in a sexual position and sexually assault him. The victims who range the age from 14 to 17 and lived in Dwarchester, Milton and Quincy, were sometimes given beer by Talbot before the matches according to a lawyer. Talbot 64 taught history and the economics and coach soccer and hockey at BC. hockey, oh my god, at BC. Oh, by the way, how about that blue and white game last night on Leaves TV? I saw it a little bit, but two minutes. So soccer and hockey at BC High from and by the way, how about that air and gave me? He's doing it. He's still back on a chunky chubby thing. From 72 to 80s, he's expected to turn himself in law enforcement officials and be wramed with it. See, you're thinking about that mobit now, but then, that's the way. Yeah, what you're talking about? Yeah, sure, you don't open an Anthony rape mob. You're thinking, in fact, I may have to play that. See, and you're the one. I think he had a good point about you. You think rape is funny? Is that what you think? Only when he's on, when he's on or greasy. Oh, I say, let's start playing the bits now. Oh, what I say. Oh, shut off his mic. Okay, shut him off. Little spick. Anyway, that takes sure that's the red BC. Then we got another one from Toledo. The Cleveland papers are just loaded with this crap. You know what I'm saying? What does that all about? A former Roman Catholic priest who used to sexually abuse him. I'm never going to get through this next 10 minutes. I'll tell you that right now. No chance. Okay, see ya. See you, Showa. Bye. See you, Showa. You're on. What is your problem? It wasn't that funny. That's the worst part. It was mildly amusing. What is his problem, Chuck? Carlos. Yes, it's stopped. Why is this like squeaks and squeals going from the other room? I see. But then I saved his job. I went to bat for him and he's in a caring, unlike a lunatic. A former Roman Catholic priest, the kids essentially abused him. Teenage Wars, and the 80s has been put on leave absence from his job as dean of students and a Toledo high school. That is great. He and his students had Rogers high school. Oh, Jesus. A great step aside yesterday. The day after article appeared in the blade that detail allegations made by students while it was a religion teacher at the legal central Catholic high school. Dice his records show great. Limited to the allegations. Be told that his favorite interview last week. He done nothing wrong. Three former students had great took him to his cottage in Michigan between 80 to 87. For weekend retreats, according to interviews and records obtained by the newspaper. He's accused after molesting them after giving them. Booze. How do you like that? 110 votes on I pull 87 at 79 percent of our audience who are listening right now in the early part of the show. And keep in mind by the way that this is kind of like a, because we're also going to have to do one on what he listened to between 9 and 10. Okay. Follow what I'm saying. I got it. That's tomorrow's poll. And I will do that some other day. But seriously, because now that we're like overlapping with all this that we never overlapped would be for. Which we started this one in January. Okay. Yeah. So it's like almost nine months now. I don't know. It seems to me we're doing okay. I could be wrong about that. The winter book was the spring work was fine. The summer book of course, that's going to be on George's broad shoulders. But I come to one's the nice trend coming up here. I don't know. Well, since we have 14 program directors and 15 operations managers and one general manager who's never seen by human eyes. Except maybe once in a while in a certain part of the time that we won't mention on the ear yet. Uh, you think that we know when the next trend was coming out. When you think nine fifty six at five sixty wqm do what hundreds of other people are doing if you need more home in your house. But you just don't know how to make it. What to do it. Cost weekly additions. Whether you have an a baby in any other room. If you're converting your car porter patio and living space. If you wanted to business for yourself and want to make a home office for you. Cost weekly additions. There are your one stop shop. More space for your place. Place with an absolutely worry for your approach to expanding your living space. Those no shows by the contractors. Well, it happened with strictly additions in complete work. No way. No unexpected bills. No worries about the job not getting done right. And don't forget they take care of every single last detail. They drop your blueprints strictly. They get to building permits and all the inspections strictly. This has gotten an easy five step approach to total customers satisfaction. Number one. They call it a schedule a free project of valuation employment right in your home where a project estimated will determine the scope of your addition. Number two, they schedule a bit of home and they're convenient to show where you'll get a detailed proposal and an exact price for the work. Number three, select your finishing touches go to contract. Fourth review the designer architectural drawings. Review the copy that PD Lenny sends out which he doesn't do. And number five, sit back and relax. As your dream edition moves ahead, I'm scheduled with unbeatable quality. It's a piece of cake and they serve all of Broward and South Palm Beach County too. Cost strictly additions at 9504, 791, 8100. Their license they're insured people and a care about doing a stupidious job for you. Tell moldy and PD Lenny to a decal. Check out their any yellow pages if you like strictly additions call 9504. 791, 8100. 580 gold. We're sports radio five six. Do you a M? Do you a M? Here's Andrew Dice play for Dicerone. Alright, let's say you're eaten. You're sick and entitled to impotators and that's stole top shit. Do like me, honey. Eat this. Dicerone. Come on, it's almost as simple as you. Put the f***ing bag enough. And find when you turn on the f***ing stole. You think you can manage that honey? Hey, put up being the f***ing things done. So, remember, Yankee Doodle came the town. Right on a pony. Stocked up further off his head called it Dicerone. Oh, you got it. Oh no, me. The tap is a street. Oh! 10. 2. I noticed that the gameplay is a starting to load up on Russian and Bill O'Reilly on there now. Yes. On the pool. That's okay. Have a good time with it. Whatever you like. Keep your off the streets. I don't know what happened in the first hour. But I think I did get around too much. I think I did get around with the crap. Well, you got too much important stuff here, man. See, see, one thing about this show may come as a shock to some people out there who would rather hear, oh, can I call somebody a douchebag or money call? You know, the same five calls that we had over and over again. But when I get time with a show now, like I want to clock, I feel like I have accomplished something, you know? Do you know what I'm saying? I don't know what you're saying. Hey, did I already send this revised spot from Highboy? For what? Dialometrist? Yes. Yeah, I tore him up on the air. I got a lot of advice spot number one. Now, I'd definitely tell him for get about a ton of this go out and give the hand job or something to tell the get lost. I don't need no dialometrist copy. Why need sticking? Let me tell you right now. Do you think I need a copy for dialometrist or for drag concepts or pizza lock? Would you ever do them all for like 100 years? That's not the point. But spot the run every goddamn day, which for a very fine product, like Oreo, for example, give me a little something different or like fast range, which that Todd Rek was just a major excuse making piece of terred. It's always the agency. Well, the agency this and a guy who runs the places on a town. He's got more guy to excuses than Carter's got liver pills. Okay. That's thinking a little Todd Rek. I'd like to see the guy named Jolly Green Giant step on him. You know what? God, I'd pay a lot of money to see that. Or either that or fat rich, somebody step on him. God, all right. Just Josh Friedman. That would be even better. The way he's smelling these days. Well, see now, now you're going to start again. Now you're going to get all red in the face and go follow on account. No, I don't know how to find it was just that line for some reason. Take a look. Open wide for chunky. Chubby. Okay. I'll play out. If it'll make you feel better, I'll play the guy named Bill. Okay. Care about them, fifth. Yes, you do. It was just a funny thing. I mean, remember what I was talking about. The candy bars. So what? Peanut butter, smoother chunky. Oh. Five, sixty. WQAN. Resets the OPN Anthony show. With Mo Howard David. This is OPN. And I'm Anthony. Yeah, wait a minute. It's me with a low voice. Oh. Yeah, you got the affected boy. Okay. Hi, Anthony. Yeah, I hope he and let's not forget our old pal Mo Howard David. Yeah, I was wondering how long would take for you to punks to go around for me. I really hit the big time. Yeah, they're I am with the OPN Anthony. Hey, Mo. What? Take off your pants. Yeah, we're going to rape you now. You got to be kidding me. This is a family show. Ah, wrong. This is the gop on Anthony show. The command. I thought you guys only did that in trick. Yeah. Get your hands out of it. Get out of it. I've been to the fence. I've been to the fence. Hold that to my delicate self tender. What is everybody want to rape me? Like us. We think it's funny. That's why. Yeah. You got a nice back. I got a nose for you, pal. I'm still spying. I ought to apologize you. Oh, no. I got a stand tight open. I want the red ball. I'm not per this. All right, my open white for junkie. Let's sing it together now, shall we? Okay. Open white for junkie. All right, back to bacon, Anthony. Okay. Yeah, that's good. Yeah, you sure left. That's good. That's good. I should not be gay. Ready for some medieval love. Yeah. They're not supposed to be now. I really saw that. It's a biggie guy now. I know I'm born like him. Yeah, yeah. I do. I do. Take that away, ma'am. What? You're just going to leave me here. I'll be right back. Unfine, sick damn. I feel so used. Okay, now you feel better. Much, thank you. Good. Oh, and you know that's straight by Ariana Huffington that you were going to fax me. I said don't do it because I have another really good story about the no well bush situation. Yes. Well, I did have another good story, but the fact is I read this on the internet and I said, gee, I got to use this. The Ariana Huffington? A crackhouse divided. Yes. This is a great column. I. Now, we're going to have to this come from. Oh, and you know something. Let me plug my good friend Lynn Samuels who got candid WABC, which he's got a great website. Have you ever checked on her website? No. Now, let me ask you this also. Because her website has got links to all of these different articles like the one I'm going to read here. And it's Lynn Samuel Samuel's dot com by the way, L. Y. N. Samuel's, Lynn Samuels dot com if you want to check it out. How come we can't do that? How do you have to get permission to do that? Not necessarily. If you want to like, make a link to like an article. No, no, we could do that as a matter of fact. We often do with some of the article that we often do. I don't know about often, but sometimes get out of here. You crazy Eric's to visit. You know, we've got to go and get a link to that one article that timeline that you read that we got all those calls about. Yeah. He does. This is the Sheryl seal article. Right. Right. So we do that. So why can't we do that every day like they do on the other websites and we have like 80 million hits on our orthodulity day. But that would be good for him because we have 80 billion people had not our website. Right. And after we don't have a lot now, but we have a lot more because then there'd be a reason for them to go on there. What do we just have a link to link to Lincenio Samuel's website? That would be good. I'm sure she'd be delighted to have us do that. She'd be ecstatic. Hey, Eric. And how about a link to net what's the other one? News. Uh-huh. Yeah. I know. I wrote it down. I can never think of that. I wrote it down too. But just because I've got some kind of like a mental block on it. It's called a something. News. I don't know. I haven't read here. What is it? See, I tell you we don't have time for those, but maybe maybe the last hour to the news and Twitter.cjb.net. Right. Make sure he does both of those. Okay. We can add that link to both of them. Just because there's some phenomenal articles on there. I don't have time to read all of them. We all though I got a number of them here today, which are a hell of a lot more important than playing a bunch of stales stuff that we've heard a million times. Although in that one. Every Anna Huffington writes a crackhouse divided. She says I feel nothing but sympathy and concern for no well. Borchier, latest stumble on the rocky road to recovery. Being caught with crack cocaine in the drug rehab center shows that she's in desperate need of help. As a paradigm easily, I also empathize. Let me try it again. As a paradigm easily also empathize with the English new elf's father, Florida Governor Jim Bush must be experiencing. And I'm in total agreement with his insistence that his daughter substance abuse problem is a private issue. But when I think about the heartless stance the governor is taking toward the drug problems of those less fortunate and well connected than his daughter, my empathy turns to outrage. While Nuala has been given every break in the book and then some, her father has made it harder for others in her position to get the help they need by cutting the budgets of drug treatment and drug court programs in his state. He's also actively opposed a proposed ballot initiative that would send an estimated 10,000 nonviolent drug offenders into treatment instead of jail. I guess that's good for the aguce gets the gander locked away. Of course, Jeb's wildly inconsistent attitude on the issue, treatment and privacy for his daughter, incarceration and public humiliation for everybody else, is part and parcel of the galling hypocrisy that infects America's insane drug war on every level. The latest example of this madness is last week's early morning DEA raids on a medical marijuana club in Santa Cruz, California, that caters determined the ill patients, although he has to style operation has been loaded by local enforcement officials, for its caring and ethical approach. Federal agents stormed the place with guns drawn and chain saws worrying, leveling its pot garden handcuffing ailing patients, including a paraplegic and carting off its founder and director, Valerie Corral, a woman who's been called a Florence Nightingale of the Medical Marijuana Movement. So much for the Bush administration's compassionate conservatism and its conservative constituency, back when he was running for president candidate Bush declared that medical marijuana is a state's rights issue. I believe he said each state can choose that decision as they so choose, although the mangled syntax makes it a little hard to tell exactly what he was getting at. It is consistent with is it consistent with allowing John Ascrop to order a holy roller war against cannabis clubs in California, even though it's one of 12 states that have decriminalized these support for medicinal purposes. Surely there has to be a better use of our limited law enforcement resources than busting grievously ill cancer and AIDS patients searching for relief from their suffering, how about unearthing a terrorist cell or two. And the White House continues to mubbard us with those offensive and expensive TV spots implying that youthful drug users like the well-bush are the moral equivalent of Muhammad Ata. Maybe her uncle George can get her in their audition for the next round of taxpayer funded ads. Sure, pulling some crack out of her shoe while saying, I help blow up buildings. Or does that kind of overheated and stigmatizing rhetoric only apply to those other non-bush family youthful drug users? After all, a glaring double standards been the hallmark of our nation's drug policy for decades. It's why African Americans make up only 13% of the country's drug users, but 55% of those convicted of drug possession and 74% of those sent to jail on position charges. And why the youthful and discussions of the rich are routinely treated with a slap on a wrist and a ticket to rehab while poor kids are shipped off to prison. If America's drug laws were applied consistently, Jeb Bush and his family would be evicted from their publicly funded digs, just as people living in public housing can be thrown out of their homes, if any household member or guest is found using drugs, even if the drug use happens someplace other than housing project. And no well could find or sub-joining the tens of thousands of young people unable to get a college education because of a provision to higher education act that's a nice financial aid to students convicted of possessing illegal drugs. But the rich and powerful are judged by a very different set of rules. That's why the staff in noils rehab center Thurface One statement and criminating no well, even though the facility standard policy is to turn all such matters over to the police. If through her pain, no well Bush can help her family's minds as well as their hearts, and force them to rethink their disastrous drug policy, the nation and millions of young Americans in particular will owe her a tremendous debt of gratitude. I wish her much luck, where it's Aryan Huffingus. That's a great column. Yes, I don't know why you didn't fast that to me yesterday. Just a joke, okay? Just a joke where laks don't strike it enough tight, like the Bush people. I think he's in big trouble, you know, and I think Bill McPris is going to pull these answers. I think it's going to be big. I think there's going to be a big party November 6. I could be wrong. 1013 at 5.60 WQM. We got the mad dog at one hand, can three? Got a bunch of baseball crap later on? Hey, let's talk about Todd Dreck for 60 seconds, shall we? If you want to grow up to be like him, be a radio sales hole. If you want to get a real honest job, be a computer professional. If you want to get trained for that, you go to fast train. The only school that's got four convenient locations in date and Broward. And maybe someday we'll tell you where they all are. We know that one is in Pembroke Pines, right? Okay. And then there's one in Campbell. And maybe someday we'll find out where they're going to be. But see, that would be too much like work, Todd. That would be like giving some more information out to our good friends out there. Could take advantage of a really sensational joint. There's one school that's got certified Microsoft instructors. Convenient day evening and weekend classes. That's right when it's convenient for you. And there's one school that's got full time job placement. Department of Over 30 years experience. You can complete your program at fast train. You can get certified for a real job in just four short months. Of course, we're talking about fast train. One of our final counts that doesn't get service to it all because Todd wreck is a major butt plug. Get off your butt pick up the phone and call fast train. Get started for a real honest job. A computer professional making a serious paycheck. Call toll free. One eight six six fast train. That's one eight six six fast train. Check them out of the web at fast train.com. When you call be sure to tell them that Todd directed not tell you to call. I gave the command to kill thousands of innocent people. I said fill her up. I helped raise money to buy explosives for a suicide bomber. But it was just so I could drive to my in-laws for Thanksgiving. I helped ship rocket launchers to Islamic fundamentalists in the Philippines. But it was only good fun. It was just cruising to the beach. I helped provide cash to train terrorists gorillas. But all I was doing was topping off my tank before my ski trip. If you think your addiction to using gasoline in your car isn't causing any harm. Think again. Because the money you spend to fill your tank eventually goes to fill the pockets of terrorists. I gave the command to kill thousands of innocent people. And all I had to say was fill her out. Some other public service announcements want to blame terrorism on drug addicts. But we want to let people know that it's gasoline that fuels terror. So whether you're sticking a straw in your nose or a nozzle in your tank, you're part of the problem. I was just out for a Sunday drive. It's not like I was hurting anyone. This message provided by the council on displacing the blame. It's there. We could be talking about Saudi Arabia. Yeah. I see. Especially since 15 of those 19 scumbags were Saudi Arabians. Anyway, suicide explosion in northern Israel. Things have been too quiet from almost seven weeks now. suicide explosion in northern Israel. And in northern Israel. A lot of bomb ups. You surprised? Nope. No. 175 votes at our poll already. What do you listen to most days in the noon to one hour? Because we do need some help in that noon to one hour although not necessarily. See, because we have a shifting. I mean, not everybody unfortunately tunes it right at nine. And since they're transphistant to one o'clock, that's not the way radio listening works. You do understand that. Why the hell not? Especially when you're on. But anyway. Neil 133 76 percent rush 17 9.7 percent. They listen to rush not rush limba but like rush records. Don't you live huh? They're Canadian. Yes, they are rush 17. Jim Romans 7. I see there. That's. Okay. Have a good time. Romy 7. Bill or rather seven. Music six and other five. Romy. I see when you start making numbers that are ridiculous because Romy would have seven people listening all together. So, you know, try to tone it down a little bit so there might be some credibility. USA today says the Bush administration on by the way there's Heinrich von Romsfeld. That's true. The inspector's out. Heinrich von Romsfeld. And by the way, the accurate thing is we told the inspectors to get out. They didn't really kick them out originally then they said, no, you can't come back in. We hear you're not in where you can't come in. But don't confuse any of these people with the truth. Just like Donny, who tried to with Richard Allen last night that fascist pig. Try to confuse him with the truth about how back in a Reagan days. They were just sitting back for a quietly in a Reagan and Bush days. Well, so that was doing his thing against Iran and not only that, but not always supplied with all the goodies. But then when they were using the mustard gas, we sat back and ah, we know it's going on. But he's a good guy. I don't know how can we didn't say anything then. And he went, the move and the move kind of like that. Kind of like Skippy would say he went. Tee kind of like that or kind of like what's his name would say. See, I can I always want to call him Todd. Because we all had to have one Troy and he handles that account. So the idea of having Troy and Troy and Troy and too much. So Todd, Troy, whatever, I can't understand where he says in that spot. It's mumbling with wood like that. Like he's on speed or something. The Bush administration is expanding on and in some cases contradicting he was in Teltsman's reports and making the case for invasion of Iraq interviews with the administration and US intelligence officials indicate. Administration officials accused the back of having ties to Alkada terrorists and of amassing weapons of mass destruction despite uncertain and sometimes contrary intelligence on these issues according to officials. In some cases, top administration officials disagree outright with what the CIA and other intelligence agencies report. For example, they repeated council bell cat member seeking refuge in Iraq and a terrorist operatives meeting with Iraqi intelligence officials even though US intelligence reports raised doubt about such links. On Iraqi weapons programs administration officials draw the most pessimistic conclusions from ambiguous evidence. Although the Bush administration made significant progress lines we can generate international and domestic support for a campaign against Iraq, some lawmakers and diplomats questioned the evidence being assembled by the Western British governments. Hans Blix, remember him? No. Yeah, you do the Dutch guy. Oh yeah, the chief UN arms inspector said satellite images of Iraq show no evidence that Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein was rebuilding an arsenal of weapons of mass destruction and house minority whip Nancy Pelosi, Democratic California, said that in secret intelligence briefings, administration officials were presenting embellishments and information long known about Iraq. A senior Bush administration official conceded privately that there are large gaps in US knowledge about Iraqi weapons programs but insisted that they only prudent courses to suspect the worst. To give Iraq the benefit of the doubt officials' argue would be naive and dangerous. Last week speaking of dangerous, national security adviser, con the Lees, a rise formally of the Chevron Corporation, boiled administrations case down to a single line that evoked both the uncertainty and the risk associated with Iraq. We don't want the smoking gun to be a mushroom cloud, she said. The differences between the administration and intelligence officials may be in part institutional to CIA tends to be cautious in its predictions and estimates and careful not to over-interpret a situation based on incomplete information. Some agency officials say privately that they just don't want to be pushed into going beyond the facts of a five justification for a war. Not only the factoring dispute but also the interpretation of those facts, CIA aimless to report that Saddam wants weapons for prestige and security, not for an attack on US interests they would almost certainly bring a devastating US response. Bush administration officials warn that once Saddam develops his arsenal, he must be considered a risk to use it. Conversely, the CIA says that US military should assume that Saddam will use chemical and biological weapons to get some American and Faders. If the survival of his regime were at stake, Bush's top advisors view this risk as manageable. One of the administrations key argument, and I wonder if, you know, in other words, they view the lives of these people as manageable? Uh-huh. One of the administrations key arguments is that the intelligence on Iraqi weapons may be wrong. Vice President Cheney and Defense Secretary here Donald Rumsfield, we call that inspections after the 1991 Persian Gulf War, much closer to clearly a nuclear weapon than the CIA had estimated. Now the administration warns the latest CIA estimates that Iraq may be years away from building a nuclear weapon could be based on incomplete intelligence and wishful thinking. Administration officials cite two problems facing US intelligence regarding Iraq, because of the absence of inspectors since 98, and Saddam's ability to conceal the activities from technical intelligence assets, such as US spy satellites, the evidence against Iraq is at best dated and circumstantial. Because of Saddam's insistence on pain of death on unwavering loyalty from his inner circle, little is known about whether he plans to use weapons of mass destruction or merely hold him to enhance his standing in a dangerous region. Cheney and Rumsfield questioned the CIA's insistence that it can find no link between Al-Qaeda terrorists and Saddam's regime. They accept reports from checked diplomats that September 11th, hijack or Maimara, but that's an old thing. That meeting? Yes. They still don't know about that. And we heard that they had sushi together as a report set. Still a pilot crap. So what's the hero of Rumsfield regime change by the passage of the Iraqi Liberation Act in 1998? regime change. Like I said, $200 billion and a bunch of American soldiers' lives as a hell of a grotesque price to pay for assassinating somebody. regime change means kill his ass. Don't you think you can get a hold of what's his name there on the subpranos? We can do it for a lot less than that. Sure, Tony. Tony, get a hold of Tony. Baby he'll take care of it for you. Get a hold of Don Cullione. Get a hold of the grotesque. Yeah. Somebody, for justice we go to one of them, not waste in $200 million American taxpayers and jeopardizing the lives of Godwin knows how many not only American troops, but how about those Iraqi ass slupperers over there too. Who didn't do not? 200 votes on a poll. Nice even number. Put your body listen to in the noon to one hour most days. Neo 148 74% of dropping fast. Rush 24. Jim Rome, Romney 8, those are all phony. Maybe one. Bill or Riley 7, other 7 and music. Six. Why would imagine they could use some soothing music after you know hours of all these depressing stories? Hey listen, I'm not making a stuff up. I try to put a few good stuff you know some amusing stuff in there. But there's just not too much amusing going on in the world these days. Is there? Nope. Not really. Supra. Except the course ourselves to prep. They're amusing. In a very perverse sense. 1026 at 560 WQAM. Here's another one. Gary Sarner another butt plug. Another liar. Another absolute ball face liar. Oh, I'm going to get you to copy the couple days for VIP sports. We're new about about air right. See what really goes means. That's just the fact that they don't do their job. But they lie. They lie like troopers because they work for Greg Reid. They figure they'll get brownie points for line. And they probably do. Because that's an even of our game. We lie a lot. Just give us the F and money and don't expect us to do a job for you. And Gary Sarner now is specializing in that. Look me right in the push. I said aren't you that asshole from Amstrad M. Savio. VIP sports. VIP sports work.com. Name sound familiar. It should because VIP sports book is the only sports book in the world in the universe. To be endorsed by all the industry watch.groups since 1996. The casino time news recent issue says you can look. You can search. You can scour. But you just won't find a better overall sports book. Then VIP sports book.com. Maybe you're looking for more than just a world class book that offers 24 hour VIP service. And the safety of the leader. How about this? How about the highest probably odds anywhere. Up to 2001. Minimum bets of only five bucks and free withdraws 24 hours a day. And on top of that, a 15% cash bonus added to your first deposit. And we're not talking about some jungle book located like in, you know, little Havana. This is Dutch based VIP sports book.com. Dutch based. Where you're treated with class and your money is safe. I'll still leave. Sign up online. Get a 15% cash bonus. And you're a counter-colimate 866 VIP bet. It's easy to get started. Just log on to VIP sportsbook.com. And don't forget when you sign up for it online. You do get yourself that 15% cash bonus. So, Pungie brings out via winner at VIP sportsbook.com. Where you are the VIPs. My life is back. Call my bitch. My country has no need growing. Let's become a black. Let's make sure. Keep now me over for me. All we can do is hang in all for me. I'm a mother of citizens. Don't take the word. I'm running in here. Back. And become a black. And never back back. The I got lost. Deep in my heart. I got gasped back. Make me fall. I still bear. I'm just a flower. If I take you out. I'll buy you for. For now I am a floating man. Perhaps I got the gold by him. You're being... Who the hell face the conspiracy? This becomes the white man. No life. Back. This becomes a black. The best is a fact. Here. And this becomes a fact. The best is a fact. Jack. I don't care if I will buy you. Wait, who? Who else? Coears. Or because you're a scumbag. That might be a 1033 at 560 WQM happy Wednesday. Here's an important stir about one of my favorite people. Bert Ward. Or his name. Dick Grayson. Indeed. Dick Grayson and what was a Batman's name? We went through that the other day. Why am I drawing a black on that? I did too. And I still don't know it. That's bad. Bruce Wayne. He was like a buddy. He was just Ward. Not as pedophile. Something like that. Bruce Wayne. Bruce Wayne. And Dick Grayson. Bruce Wayne and Dick. At any rate. For most people, they're not enough hours in the day, but they're not Bert Ward. People will come around our house and say I can't believe how much living is going on. Here he says with the laugh. T-he-he like that. That's because the first-while boy wonder from the 1960 series Batman only sleeps three hours daily from 6 to 9 a.m. When Europe twice as much as other people, it's like having two lives he said. So what is Ward 56? 56. Oh my god. I guarantee you we're in him tight anymore. How do you know? Oh. What does he do in his extra life? He spends his nights working on projects for his visual effects company named appropriately. Boy wonder visual effects which he formed in July 2001 after more than a decade of study and frustration at the lack of roles coming his way. Well, they're not too many roles for guys and tights, I guess other than maybe Romeo and Juliet. Most of the kids named Leonard Whiting was that his name? He sure was pretty. There may not be a lot going on for Ward in front of the camera, but by one is worked on more than 20 movies today including 2001's legally blonde and the upcoming action adventure film Bulletproof Monks starring Chaoyeon Fat. This is a transition to becoming a major player in the visual effects world wards his proudly. Ward in his wife Tracy 40 whom he met in 1999 when her father, the late corporate writer Victor Posner, her all-boy, centered to take over Ward's educational video company they married 1990. Also rescue abandoned the great Danes in 1994 after moving from Los Angeles to Roeber Bersai County, the couple in their daughter Melody in now 11 learned about the number of great Danes in the year they needed homes with a great day and if you take it to a shelter it's too big for the cages. People are scared of a big dog even though they're sweet and they're put to death. He says the family's 4,000 square foot home and five acres of land becomes a refuge for the dogs. Ward estimates they found homes from more than 35 hundred dogs in eight years. Always like that, Bird Ward. He's a dog person. I do like that. And you know who said that to me and answered him? I give it. Night. PubMed. Vibromo. As he was trying to suck up a little bit. Well, you know, yeah, I should've realized you were a better guy and I thought you're a dog person. They tell me you have two dogs. That's what one of them died. Oh, you have a dog. Didn't do any good Bob. Okay. You're still the same schmuck. You're still the same piece of turd. You guys still don't get it done. And don't be giving me a sightseeing. Let me tell you what this place needs. This studio is fine as it is. You know what an inslamant. It needs a tune up. You know what I mean? Twinking and it's intriguing. So I think after I leave here in a few ways what that would be the time instead of this kind of like a piece of meal and maybe Neil can crawl around on a floor and do this and get the keyboard on the closet and hook it up again. I don't think that's going to work since we're not going to be taking any calls for a while anyway. The idea way would be to do it right, which I realized isn't in their repertoire, but that would be the way to do it right, including how about let's should we try to talk back. Because I might dump myself. I mean, unlike this, I don't know if the talk back is still dumped. What I wouldn't know what did that do. What did what do? I hit. Do anything? I can hear you. You. There's something. Yeah, no it worked. That actually worked. Yeah, I can hear you. I can hear you. Didn't dump the on air. How will we know? Oh, that's right. We don't know. So if you're getting all screwed up over there too bad, I'm in the talk back because the word last time we had it and certainly nobody's been in here to fix anything. So I think like tuning this place up would be a good idea. I think that our engineering and salespeople have got a lot in common, you know. Maybe that's why I've removed spend so much time that I talked about. Rrr, and screw in. Or maybe he's just a busy body and kids is no another people's been to. I don't think that's your business. Okay, Bob, even though of course your corporate and muff is scared, crappless of you. Okay, scared to death. Just teasing his pants when he sees you coming. Even when the other pursuits, word hasn't given up acting entirely. In November he'll team up with Batman, co-star Adam West and the CBS movie back to the bat cave. The two adventures of Adam West and Bert Ward in which the former Cape Crusaders will fight crime once more, but as themselves. This is a bigger production than anything we've done Batman, Wortses. Worts got fond memories of his experience filming a fight, it filming the Batman series appeared that he quantified in the 85-tell all bookboy wonder my life in tights. We party together, we got a message together, we says if his friendship was was a lot of fun. I thought they hated each other. What wasn't fun was wearing his robin outfit, those were the Python pants they nearly squeezed me to death, and the cage strangled me. He says the Python pants, and if you look closely by the way, you don't even have to look back closely, there's something in those Python pants. And we have two backs to back at the code department here, every day on showcase on my cable, four to five PM every afternoon. Although of course that four clock things screws up passion, which is 3.30 to 4.30 here. And let me say it again, guiding light here is, I guess the doctor of field show is not a CBS show, is it correct? I don't know. It's syndicated just like Oprah. So it's just a coincidence the channel forward down there happens to, I don't know how that works. Oh, maybe it is, I don't know, because it seems to me I saw promos from CBS about the changing of time of guiding light. Maybe somebody will facem it in information, but the fact is that guiding light is still on between 3 and 4. And Alan Spalding fake the heart attack yesterday and Philip is getting in on with the livius. And what's his name is still looking pretty good, what else is his name? Flutter reads kid, Ben, Ben reads, getting pretty heavy, do do do that show now. So it makes it very hard to watch the last half of that and passions together simultaneously. I could tape one in the living room and go in the other room and watch the other one and see what I'm saying, but that's voiced in too much time. Yeah, no. You don't want to waste too much time on soap operas, then a lot of people start asking a lot of questions, spending too much time watching soap operas, you know what I'm saying? And then after they hear the rumors about that, then you know what they start saying in public function. What? I can't find it. Oh, I'm a little slow on that one saying. Huh? No, seriously, after they find out you watch soap operas, they start whispering out the window. You're gay. Stuff like that. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Paul, what do you listen to most days in that noon to one hour? You lawyer, you stick with us? No, not some of you. What else wrong with you people? Anyway, you write when you scumbags. Oh, and see, this is, it's ridiculous. Neal 171, 72 and a percent. Rush Limbaugh 30, Jim Romten, other 10, music 8 and Bill O'Reilly, St. Dr. 7, 70 votes. 20, before 11 and 5, 60 W. Q.A.M. Let's call a carpet doctor, shall we? Actually, they're not doctors, but they might as well be. They don't put a stethoscope on the floor, but they might as well do that too, because they come and they're in the exam in your carpets. They take a look at him and say, holy crap, these things need to be clean. And then they go about doing a job like the likes of what you've never seen in new life. Drive concepts I'm talking about. I've been using them for over 20 years, they've been in town for well over 20 years now. And they've been taking care of people's carpets and making a look just like brand new during all of a time. And they do it with their exclusive patented, dry cleaning method. There was nobody else anywhere else that uses that method, which is better than any of them, because it's, it doesn't just smear the dirt around in there. It sucks out even the deepest down dirt in the five is your carpet. Makes them look just like brand new, stay cleaner longer, which in the long run makes some last longer too. And they give you a written guarantee price before they start to job. So unlike almost every other carpet cleaning outfit, you don't have to worry about rip offs and scams and tack ons when you finally get that bill at the end of the job. And not only your carpets look brand new in smell and many fresh, but they're drying just a couple of hours. In Broward Column at 954370778, in data Palm Beach, 18248571, and they also do a stupid subbeatable job at cleaning your furniture and drapery, spot dyeing, fabric protection. Carpet repairs, infant or animal rug service, the authorization, and if you ever have a flood in on the floor in your pants, they do great water damage restoration too. In Broward Column at 954370778, in date or Palm Beach, 18002485071. 1-8002485071, a clean today, and her tamed eye, like I just started to say, with dry concepts. And look at this, this is for children, you'll buy six, you'll buy two, and yeah. Get push, I hurt the bow! See, there's that return that, uh, that we joined terrible. QA, it blooped a little bit like that. What the hell is that? I don't know, what is that? Crank. Wherever it is, look at the chains that won't stay on. There's blood, shake my firm and turn guys on. But there's a place, robber guys can hide it. I can make us grow, rob your hide there safe, I can make you hide. I can make you grow, with my modern duty, I can wear bare diplomas. Close and search, if you need one of those things I will call. The answer to better, I can make you grow, with my modern duty. All right. That's where they're the floor, call the search you'll keep. It's one of the things I will recall. The biggest time to beg her, the biggest time to beg her. I'll listen to what George has about you, your okay, she's pretty then-footed in my book. 1046, a 560 WQAM. Warriors for Kennedy Cousin, a peel-murder conviction. Warriors for Kennedy Cousin, Michael Skakele, a peeled as murder conviction yesterday, setting more than 2,000 grounds to overturn the verdict. Skakele returns 42 tomorrow. Let's send him a card, what do you say? Okay. Unhappy birthday, Michael. What's convicted June 7 of beating Martha Moxley to death in 1975 when there were 15 year old neighbors in Mothig Greenwich. He was sentenced last month to 20 years to life and prison. And what's his name? Should we do it? The moment the eyebrows, what else is his name? But the little glasses? Yeah, he looks like a miniature Andy Rooney. Very good, yes. Yeah, the eyebrows are the same story. Lemon fizzes on the banks of the U-Fraities rights, more in-doubt and today's New York Times. She is just so good, it's scary, you know? She's great. She says the trap is sprung the name of the game as containment. Contain the wild man, the leader with a messianic, a relentless glint who is scaring the world. Surround him through a little opution nets on him, time up with a lot of human inspection demands, humor and long enough to stop him from using his weapons and blowing up the Middle East. But this time, the object of the containment strategy is not Sodom Hussein, but George W. Bush, the president with real bombs, not the predator with plans to make them. America's European and Arab allies now act more nervous about the cowboy in the Oval Office who likes to brag on America as the greatest nation on the face of the earth than the thug in the Baghdad bunker. We don't want another war in this region, citizen advisably Saudi-Beral family, when Afghanistan is bombed they just hit rocks. Well, maybe a few weddings. When his bombing in our neighborhood they hit oil fields. Gerhard Schroder's campaign prospects toward money started running against Mr. Bush. Many Germans wrote the times to Stephen Erlanger, seemed to fear American ill-terreaction and Iraq, more than they fear Mr. Hussein. With assist from the rump cabinet of internationalists, including Colin Powell and Brent Skowcroft, America's allies have been engaged in a benevolent conspiracy to inspire the president in the web of UN rules for war and diplomacy. The Saudi Foreign Minister, Prince Saud Al-Faisal, insist that the Iraqi threat must be taken care of without the firing of a single shot or the loss of a single soldier. He added a big sweetener promising that American bombers could use Saudi bases if Mr. Bush would work through the UN. Privately Saudi officials said they are alarmed by the Bush team's military strutting and think it would have been much better to give it a shot and would a covert operation. Sounds like what I've been saying. They agree with the president that Saudim is a monster who not only eliminates his enemies real and perceived but also their wives, children and friends, but if he has nothing to lose they were he might find his chemical and biological weapons at the Saudis or the Israelis or give them a terrorist to use on the US. Sounds like what you said. By wrapping Mr. Bush in a warm embrace the Persian Gulf allies hope to waltz him closer to where they want him to be. Meanwhile, the Egyptians and Jordanians pin Saudim to the mat and told him that if he had any chance of being a man he should open as up his country to inspectors. Thus in just a few days the Iraq crisis went from Saudim having a new surmount his neck to double you being found by a multi-metallic macro-me. All the reasons for an attack have been eliminated to crowed at terroric as these to rack's deputy prime minister both but the allies and especially Mr. Razi should not underestimate the zeal of the Bush warriors. Saudim can admit a legion of inspectors but that may not stop Mr. Bush from wriggling out of the UN restraints and declaring the visphits compliance a sham. The Arabs tucked up that America should focus on rebuilding Afghanistan, getting a state for the Palestinians and pursuing the war on terror but the Bushes have gotten the taste of empire building in Afghanistan and they like it. Carl Rov is building a Republican empire, Richard Pural, Paul Wolfowitz and Scooter Libby are having a building in ideological empire, Dictane is building a unilateral empire and Donald Rumsfeld is building a military empire. As Henry Kissinger told Newsweek, Rummy wants to beat back the attitudes of the Vietnam generation that was focused on American imperfection and limitations. Besides, of our should former CEO's Tini and Mummy, settle for Mirjek, Well-style Perse when they can have the perks of empire. They can restore civilization to the cradle civilization, lemon fizzes, cribbage and cricket by the Tower of Babel, a 36-hole golf course on the banks of the Tigris and Ufraities, Arab Disney and the hanging gardens of Babelon, oil on tap at the Baghdad Hilton, huge contracts for bodies in the defense and oil of the streets, Halaportans Brown and Root construction company building a six-lane highway from Baghdad to Tel Aviv. How long can it be before the empire stretched back? Very good. Isn't that great? And around there today, they're spinning it and they're twisted and he's talking about all these nebulist things about a smallpox attack in the U.S. and millions of people dying. And what if we... I thought the terrorist are the ones that were afraid of going to do that? Right. And he also neglects them and seeing every time they bring up this thing about the mustard gas and poisoning his own people, and we not only provided him with the technology to do it and the actual chemicals themselves, but we also stood by and said, hey, nice job there, son of go get those demerinians. Go knock off that eye of tola. And of course, why did the eye tola get in because we stuck the shawn in the first place? But we just keep just like the thing with a Taliban. I have to laugh when he starts talking about all my god, the pictures of those poor women with the burgers. The women were wearing the burgers before 9-11 last year. We didn't give a flying crap about it. We were closing up to them so they could help us build an Afghan oil pipeline. We couldn't have given two crap's less about how they suppressed their people. And now we're talking about all the military, the ruthless regime and all the other bull crap. Who the hell are we kin? A bunch of dumb people. Only the dumbest of the dumb can be buying this bull crap. Speaking of dumb Governor Bush, thanks woman who tip police to possible terror threat. Although he isn't his dumbest brother, though is he? No, his brother's not dumb. He's just evil. No, he's dumb. Chab? Oh, and I see, and when floods, no, yeah, Jev is evil, but not as dumb as W. Right? But W, of course, is a lot more powerful because he's not just a governor. He's the head of 50 states, not just one. Anyway, Governor Jev Bush said yesterday he telephone the Georgia woman who alert of the authorities of last week's possible terror threat to thank her for the warning. Unistone said she overheard three men possibly discussing terrorist plans at that Georgia restaurant on Thursday. Come on now, AP. You can say shonies again. They deserve a free plug. They got good punky pie or strawberry pie or something. At least they used to. I'm going to have to go into that and I see I can't because I'll get the strawberry pie. Not to do it. I didn't have wasn't it shonies that had like the sling gym and they had all those other silly names for their sandwiches. You know, I'm not sure I don't think I've been in a shonies in 20 years. They had sling jums. Those are pretty good. That's how I could. Like with poppy seeds on a roll, they were pretty good. Ah, well, this we got the name. We don't need all that stuff again. Some Muslim groups have called Stona race as things she acted on a prejudice against the men who are Middle East and descent in the US legally and one of them where they who saw Chaco that looks like a doily. I was really surprised in how critical the people were for actions. Bush said this is Jeb. So I called her on Saturday morning and said, you did exactly what the president of the US is asked people to do. And he's right. That's here for Jeb. For once it is like, ah, he's right. In fact, he's going to be singing at song with Stevie Wonder. Stona of Curtisville, Georgia was hospitalized briefly a Monday suffering from chest pains and stress her attorney said. Bush brought up the telephone conversation on meeting with Oscar Garner, a stop with lawyer coordinator for the state bureau preparedness and response. We're prepared and we're responding baby. Just like a respond to there. And of course, with all thanks to units, so I think should get the congressional Medal of Honor. She knows it's a freaking orange alert. She ain't having no orange as him. She's busy keeping her eyes in ears peeled. She heard what those come back said. She called the police. She did a American patriotic duty. And now she's taken crap and has to go on. One of these guy named T. F. T. B. Show to Defender self. Shame on you people that are knocking her in that 35% of you that believe these are schmotha heads. Or just trying to save pushes what they're trying to do. Miami and Central Florida DCF directors resign. Speaking of Jeb. This is in a son sent also it might actually be true. By the way, Janet lost. Oh, the director of the state's child welfare agency in the district where five year old William will. Well, and by the way, have you heard about really it is how she done. Isn't that amazing? Yeah, we don't hear one thing about really Wilson Nomo. The director of the state's child welfare agency in the district where five year old William Wilson was missing for 15 months before the agency reported his superiors. Announces Reservation Tuesday. Charles, our slander resign September two. He'll stay in the post till November 15th unless the Department of Children and Family Secretary. Jerry Regier finds a replacement sooner. Jerry Regier. All my god. I felt no pressure whatsoever to resign said Auslander. It's exclusive amount. My own decision. With a name like that, he should fit in the bush plans real well. Auslander. When do you think? Pasco liver. He said it retired for personal reasons, including the wear and tear as families endured during last six months as the agencies come under increased scrutiny and tremendous criticism. And justifiably so, critics have called for the resignation of Auslander, former DC of Secretary Kathleen Kernie and other Department officials after William's disappearance became known. The case worker signed to the girl in the case worker supervisor of also beside. And of course she was only one out of very many we found out. Auslander said he didn't feel he was being pushed out because of the way your case, but he believes that the Department's workers lost confidence because of all the public attention. The case attractive. Although I've had a lot of tough jobs in my life. This is undoubtedly been the toughest TV saying. Auslander with agencies second regional director to announce his resignations many days Rick Barry 51 who oversees Volusion Flagler counties announced his resignation on Monday was unclear what they'd be leaving. He left his $14,000 year job sing it's time to make way for the Department's new director to appoint a different team to let them come go stepping into Florida and do their thing. Okay, and beat the crap out all the kids and put the women back in the kitchen and back in the bedroom. Making lots and lots of babies and all other good Christian stuff. Ain't that right? Yes. You got it. 270 votes on the poll. What do you listen to when they knew to one hour? And of course my numbers are going down and down is that the probably that one guy. Yes indeed. He's got a he's got the software for it. Neil 1951 70.7% Rush 39 other 12. Jim Rolm 11 which you don't have 11 people in South Florida for his entire audience. Music nine and Bill are Riley eight. I hear my phone ringing. I must be there's a package on sir. Did you send me that CD? Yes it is. Well, I must be there and I'm going to pick up the phone. This is the concierge. I have a package for you. We pay it. Okay. Yeah. It's great. I like that service with a smile. 1056 and 560 WQM you'll get service with a smile at Halipadiack. I know that. Whether you see Tom Layman right at the other great sales holes down there. See there's a big difference. They got sales holes down there that really treat you great. They do their job that are conscientious. They don't give you the big high pressure song and it ends. But they do their job and they get a good deal as opposed to our sales holes who just refuse to do their job. Who are adamant. We're not going to write copy. We're not going to get information. We're not going to give you nothing. We're just going to give you a hard time. When you get a great time at Halipadiack and they're right at again down there's your percent financing continues with a fruit credit from GMAC. You can get zero percent financing up to 36 months on all 2003 Pontiac and GMC models which are in stock right now. And maybe someday Bob Eisenberg and his Muscad will give you some information on those great new 2003's or you can take a rebate up to 4 grand and all 2002 Pontiac or GMC models in stock. So if you want yourself a spectacular deal on Pontiac and GMC's this is the place and of course if anybody else turns you down for credit. Have no fear Tom Layman will take care of you at Halipadiack GMC. 134.11 South. Tixie Highway that's on US one right across from the falls open every day seven days a week for more info call 305.238.40 That's 305.238.40 for Halipadiack GMC who do be professional great. My life and look this is for 305. 2 a.m. That fan is so large. I don't think he has ever seen the butt mass from a chain in his life. He's the animal coal show. America's favorite slump meat trash who's only claimed the thing was that he blew a rich guy. And an a coal the no talent fat gooey pasty but famous celebrity. You mean he's here? Watch tonight and Bob Villah applies our makeup. Alright if you're in perfectly still you shouldn't feel a thing when I use his power role. She doesn't look good. She can't act. She can't talk. She can't think. Say she could run for president. I'm going to say that. I'm going to play bits between 11 and one. I think I said that this morning too. Yeah. I lied. I'll change my mind. I'll damage the story. That's okay. I mean any given moment. I say, oh, okay. That's enough for today. But there are a few things on here that need to be talked about. Tyco Tycoon scramble for bail money. This is just it's enough to make you want to scream. How much is enough? I've been asking that question for about 400 years. When does some pig ever have enough? The two men who formerly were tyco's chief executive officer in its chief financial officer are facing a real possibility of not being able to make bail in being ordered jail as early as tomorrow. And hearing yesterday, lawyers for former CEO L. Dennis Couslovsky and former CFO Mark Schwartz said that the two, this isn't that they don't have any money. They just can't get their hands on it because their assets have been frozen by court or to thank goodness. He's got more assets than Couslovsky's lawyers, Stephen Kaufman, explaining that the problem is getting access to the money. He can't even go to an ATM. Couslovsky 55 and Swartz 42 are accused of looting millions of dollars from the conglomerate, which makes everything from security assistance and medical devices to code hangers and plastic wrap. I sure hope they don't make no wire hangers. No wire hangers. Or Joan Crawford's going to come back and beat the snout out of both of them. Money offered by Relatives and others post of the two defendants even Couslovsky's ass wife is being objected to by prosecutors. They argue that the asset shouldn't be allowed as bail money because they could have been acquired through profits of the crime of which the two men are charged. Last week, states have been court justice Michael Obers said bonds of 100 million for Couslovsky and 50 million for Swartz will be jailed unless they come up with 10% of that amount by tomorrow. Hitting into tomorrow's bail deadline with empty pockets that defendants have been told a post whatever assets they believe might be eligible for uses bail money, and if the prosecution ingest to the source of the money, a hearing on that issue will be held. Arguing on behalf of Couslovsky, Couslovsky, Couslovsky told the judge yesterday that his client's ex-wife Angie had agreed to put up her 10 million dollar house in credit Connecticut, or 10 million dollars in municipal bonds is bond security. Assistant District Attorney John Moscow described both as possibly attributable to the course of Conduct, charged in the indictment. We've made every reasonable effort to satisfy the bond that your honor sets of Couslovsky and Oscar replied it doesn't seem appropriate that the proceeds of the crime should be used as bail, all we want to know if the bail is the proceeds of the crime. Couslovsky's the restraining order Obers issued last week keeps Couslovsky from using his assets anywhere in the country for his bond. The defensive attorney entity believes it is legally questionable whether New York judge has the authority to wish his session order. Don't ever give an order like that again. Swartz's lawyer James Mitchell told the judge we find ourselves in essentially the same situation as Mr. Couslovsky. Mitchell said his client's wife had offered property she had in the defendant owned jointly. Moscow told Obers that given the employment hisvious warts his wife, it's quite obvious that the source of the funds is the defendant. Obers said it appeared in that some of the bond collateral offer by the defendant's fine not be sent into his restraining order. He told the defense to return tomorrow post the security in the Moscow objects. The court will hold a hearing. I'll whether it's acceptable or not, or they's going to throw the rest in the brig. Couslovsky and Swartz were charged last week with enterprise corrupting in Grand Larceny for allegedly stealing some $600 million from Tyco. They face up to 25 years in prison on each of those charges of convicted. Tyco's former general counsel Mark Bellnik 55 which charged at the same time with falsifying business records to cover up $14 million in proper loans. Bellnik who could get as much as four years in jail of convicted was released last week on an unsacred person of a cognizance bond of only a million bucks. Prosecutors filed criminal charges against the men soon after the SEC accused them of hiding huge loans that other money they allegedly took out of Tyco, which is based in Burmuda but had courted in New Hampshire. The SEC said Couslovsky, I mean this part of the story just makes you want to get down on your hands in these and puked your guts out. Pigs disgusting pigs. The SEC said Couslovsky $242 million from an employee loan program established help workers by stock to pay for yachts, fine art, jewelry, luxury apartments and vacations. Couslovsky had already been indicted in June on charges of evading New York sales taxes on $13 million in art, including works by Renewa and Monet. He resigned from Tyco in June and day before being indicted. He has pleaded not guilty in that case. The court ordered for $600 million of Couslovsky's ASCUS and said Tyco for the more than the process of CZ most if not all of his assets, including a $17 million fifth avenue apartment. A $7 million park capital apartment turned over to his ex-wife, a $5 million and a $30 million compound in Boko Raton. You know who lives in Boko Raton? No. Sources accused of using Couslovsky's money to invest in sports teams in by expensive jewelry and improper expenses, allegedly incurred by Couslovsky included a $2.1 million birthday party for his wife and Sardinia Italy. Well, that sounds so bad. Other large-zone authorized expenses incurred by Couslovsky include $6,000 for a shower curtain, a $15,000 on Brello stand, a $63 million sewing basket and $445 for a pin cushion. They had to turn him into a human pin cushion as what they ought to do. And let everybody who got sucked out of toilet, where their stock which is now from the crapper, stick pins in his ass. You know, it's one thing if you're going to like him, visit all a couple million here, you know what I'm saying? Right. How much do you have to steal? How much of a pig? How much of a disgusting pig you have to be? God damn it. By the way, your friend on our website just had going speaking of being now feeding frenzy out of his mind though. Since you mentioned the thing about the program, you're out of his mind. Do you have it in two votes and some of them are even for real now? What do you listen to in the most days and then noon to one hour? Neal to 06. That's down to like two thirds now, is he's pumping in all kinds of votes for everybody. Anybody rush 49, Bill O'Reilly 20, Jim Rom 12, other 12 and music 11. FTC finally getting around to it. Weight loss adds full of alony. Nearly 40% of weight loss adds an astudiable US regulators mean at least one representation that was almost certainly false according to report released yesterday. And about 50% of the ads included at least one representation that was very likely to be false or like adequate substantiation of its promises. The analization by the FTC staff said in boys this long overdue or what. They're all venn out of shape about pormus Cleo. When it comes to all these fraudulent things on TV, they haven't been able to give a crap up until now. They couldn't care less. There are no fast and easy fixes, surgeons in general Richard Cormone wrote an a preface to the study. The public must adopt the healthy skepticism about advertising that promises miracles and scientific breakthroughs. Cormone said companies should use real weight loss results in their promotions and publishers and broadcaster. And publishers and broadcaster should screen ads they run to ensure they're based on science and not on swishful thinking. About 61% of US adults are overweight or obese to be poor. It's more than 2-thirds of all Americans try to lose a keep-off weight. Consumers fed about 35 billion dollars in 2000 on weight loss products ranging from books and videos to drugs and diet shakes to reports said. When it doubts shake it out. The report urged Americans who've spent billions annually on weight loss product in the services to look skeptically at ads that promise a quick fix. For dropping pounds such as you can eat as much as you want as still lose weight. What's that one that Hollywood crap in a bottle? I thought that's called Hollywood crap in a bottle. Hollywood crap in a bottle. You drink this crap over the weekend and lose 15 pounds by Monday. Right. Consumers testimonials and before and after photos were common in diet promotions, but rarely portrayed realistic weight loss to be poor. The FPC conducted the study with a partnership for healthy weight management. A coalition that includes scientists, government agencies and weight loss companies. The group survived a 300-answer broadcast in cable TV and commercials. Radio magazines, newspapers, and supermarkets, and bloggers, direct mail, commercial email and internet websites. The staff also compared 1992 ads from eight national magazines to 2001 ads in the same pubile occasions. False or misleading claims are common in weight loss advertising and based on our comparison of 92 magazines with magazines. The number of products in the amount of advertising must have been accepted. The appers were incredibly increased over the last decade. The report says people are doing a lot of it. Many of the ads were likely with likely false claims appeared in mainstream magazines like Family Circle and Cosmopolitan and PORP. The FPC staff did not evaluate whether specific claims were substantiated, but reports that many of the promised effects clearly were unsupported by scientific evidence. Tames that are too good to be true and clue decisions that a user can lose a pound of day or more for a standard period that substantiated weight loss without surgery can be achieved without direct exercise. And then users can lose weight regardless of how much they need to report said. Just mind your mind that they need to just keep someone at down your post. Consumers must become more knowledgeable about the important. How about doctors becoming knowledgeable to you idiots? About the importance of achieving maintaining healthy weight more informed on how to shop for weight loss products and services and more skeptical about promising quick fixes. The report said media screening standards also would reduce the amount of blatantly deceptive advertising they said. The FTC also said the efforts against deceptive marketing for weight loss products have increased. In April 2000 this is one of my all time favorites that I've screamed about. How did it take them this long be go after these vatutes? In form a natural product which advertised and sold the informa system agreed to repay $10 million to customers. The settle FTC charges that they used false claims about scientific testing. I'm sure almost everybody remembers these ads. The company promoted its two products fat trapper and exercise in a bottle. Parmella. We got your exercise in your com. Okay. Primarily with a 30 minute informa, she'll feature informa baseball player Steve Garvey. Steve the bird a paradise should crawl up your ass. Okay. The company claimed the system could block fat being absorbed and increase the body's capacity to burn off. Exercise in a bottle. That's a kind of like. That's a kind of a kind of a broadcast school like. That's where he gets his sex. Besides, let's the man bottle. This is what you said. Now what you say? Yeah. Besides his bed breath. Well that's fine. Promoting unrealistic expectations in false hopes they do them current waste law. Weight loss efforts to failure and make future attempts less like in the succeeds. He said Dr. George Blackburn who's a quack by the way. A professor of nutrition and Harvard medical school. He's a quack. Blackburn said some weight loss supplements like safety warnings can be dangerous. A fed raw popular of commonly used for weight loss in body building has long been controversial. The FDA has reports of 100 deaths among a femur users. 100. That's not too bad. The Justice Department said that and that fact how's what's your name do with that. Fent fan. Linda energy. I saw Linda energy. Yeah. That would be good. The Justice Department said last month it's conducting a criminal investigation into whether metabolite international nations leading several of these supplements. Lied about the safety of a fed raw. While the FTC study didn't criticize specific products and provided many examples of false resanguated claims. One product made from the ground up shells of shrimps, crabs and lobsters was promoted with statements like, have you ever seen an overweight fish? Or noise to with a few pounds too many? The lose weight did not regain it. I'm going to change is in thinking eating an exercise. There was a central blackburn said he said it when people know more about realities of weight loss. Fural being planned to waste their money time and effort on dangerous paths on fraud like that. Keto sand. That low budget and commercial were to sit in front of a dying plant. Have you ever seen that one? Yes. They saw all key to sand. What have you ever been talking about? They wouldn't know how to lose weight if you stuck a guy if you're arm up the ranch. It's still wouldn't help them lose weight. Or am I getting excited about this? This crap is on all over the place now. And other than our good friend Ron Popil that machine is pretty good, you know? Which one the D. High Drator? No, no, no, not that one. Like I said, even Ron Popil. And his pocket to swisherman thing there. The road to the river. That's good. But almost everything else you see advertised in the infomercials on TV. Like that one, what's the one where you stick that the power, your power tool in there? You know what I'm talking about? I'm a bigger part of it. You stick your power tool in and you smear up all the bananas and strawberries. You smear up your banana. Speaking of smear in your banana, I'd like to smear that time direct one. I'd like to take 400 pounds of dog poop. I'm just smear him with. In fact, when I get back with my work on that, you know? You bring the poop. Not seriously. When we get done with that thing in the church, we're going to do with Moe, you know? Open an Anthony? When we get done with that, we'll have them tie up Todd Drek and smear him with the elephant poop for an hour. Anyway, if you want to become a high paid computer professional Todd Drek, would like to take it where to go. I'd like to tell him where to go. Fast rain. How do you find a good school that'll help you accomplish this? While fast rain is the only school that's got four convenient locations in date and brown in someday. Maybe Tom will tell us where all of them are. There's only one school that's got certified Microsoft instructors. Convenient to evening and weekend classes. Only one school fast rain that has full job time placement for you with over 30 year experience and with fast rain you can complete your program and get certified in just four short months. We're talking real hands on training. So if you're tired of working for peanuts like an elephant in the circus, if you're tired of working for some dead end job in some goofball, get up off your butt, pick up the phone and call fast rain and get trained to be a computer professional get a real career and start making a real paycheck. Call tool free. 1 866 fast rain. 1 866 fast rain or check them out of the web at fastframe.com. And when you call me sure and whisper these words into the phone, Todd REC is an asshole. 5 6 5 6 6 6 4 4 9 9 9 9 9 9 9 7 10 8 9 9 9 9 9 9 9 9 9 9 8 9 9 9 9 7 6 9 9 9 9 9 9 9 9 10 10 10 5 9 9 9 9 9 9 9 9 9 7 9 9 9 9 9 Grammy show what a shame Georgia's not going to get to hear this story. This is specifically for him. I thought he'd be very pleased hear this. I'll maybe Carlos to like it. Miami Mayor, many deas is expected to attend tonight's Latin Grammy Awards in Los Angeles and has expressed interest in bringing the music award show back to South Florida. So we can stir up all those little crazy Cubans again. Come on, you staff, come on, you staff. We can get all that crazy cut diversity going again. Deas was scheduled being California for a leadership conference with US Conference of Meers had his press officer Kelly Penton and Reca Fernandez executive director of the Latin recording academy said he found out a week ago that the DS plan to attend the Grammys. We had invited him Fernandez said Fernandez had Grammy executives met last month in Miami with the SNN and Waterhole Puddron, president of the Miami-Date Community College. About the possibility of doing education programs in the city that were focused on careers in the music industry, hopefully not any commonistas, by the way. We touched on the fact that Miami is also one of the places that seems like a possible venue for the show. The mayor said we should talk about its further Fernandez added. Deas visit his being seen as an attempt to make a men's with Grammy leaders who abruptly pulled out a Miami last summer three weeks before the National I televised your wisdom and stage at the American Airlines Arena. Michael Green then headed the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences said he made the move to avoid plant protests by Cuban ex-house over to possible presence of musicians from Cuba. Boy, it was Cubans. It was a matter of fact I have a Cuba story here in a second. Both Bob Green. I'm sorry, I see Bob Green was the newsy of the day to come from Chicago. Both Michael Green who stepped down from his Grammy-Jubber earlier in former mayor, Joe Carrillo, they most local supported the plant protests, are both gone from their posts clearing the way for Deas to make a pitch for the show's return. How do you like that? It's great, let's see if we can actually keep it. Former mayor, Joe Carrillo. Hey, listen, I'll get all those old Cubans whipped up into a frenzied area, nothing else going on right now. They don't have Janet to vote against the November. Cuba was George still taking a vote. Wow. Yeah, talk about heavy duty. Cuba, haper's war in terror, U.S. says. The Cuban government is impeding our efforts to defeat terrorism by feeding U.S. officials, misleading information fabricated by Castro's intelligence apparatus, abortion administration officer charge yesterday. This is not harmless game playing. It is a dangerous non-justifiable action that damages our ability to assess real threats, a Dan Fisk, deputies, and Secretary of State for Western Hemisphere, it could one day cost innocent people their lives. In speeches to two groups on opposite sides of the debate over U.S. Cuba issues, Fisk said that the beginning on the day of the attacks of 10 or 11 Cuban agents gave U.S. officials falsely seeking to misdirect the investigation. This was only the beginning of a steady stream of what turned out to be a wild goose tassel, intentionally initiated by the Castro regime of Fisk said in his speeches, and then if you later he told the Harold, we've seen instances on three continents, the response of the agency's final aid as soon as the letter of information that leads us to conclude that this is part of a continuing pattern of false leads. He declined to provide details about the person's information involved saying only that the response of the agency's head determined that people were Cuban agents, Fisk said his words were chosen carefully and were fired by intelligence and law enforcement agency. Yeah, at least once a month Cuban representatives have tried to set up our intelligence and law enforcement with false tips that took time to check. He said, I think what they're doing is they're setting up what he's kind of comments. If they don't let us go, they're into a rack. You know, at least let's go into Cuba. Let's go get Patella. If we can't get shot, I'm going to get some other bearded son of a bitch. How does that sound? Okay, sounds like a deal. Okay, are you okay now? Well, I wouldn't say that. Carlos said you had a real moving experience is what he just, that's why he we're moving really fast. I think there's what he said is you were full of crap. You were smoking a period planning marches on. Now here, this is from the Washington Post. Isn't it? I don't know. Well, I better take a look at it. See what? Well, whatever. Oh, it's from Warriors. I'm sorry. The Pentagon is moving ahead with contingency planning for possible war the rack despite fact that's unconditional offer for the return of UN weapons inspectors, US officials said yesterday. We've seen this before. The Iraqis are masters of the stop and start. One official told the rotors. If we stop every 10 they started. We would never end their weapons and mass destruction program. The officials who, of course, as not to be identified said the US was discussing with Britain a possibility of basing up to 6 radar avoiding BT and I play that job who's those thing and you were taking a crap. Oh, a dammit. Which one? The underwear world. Oh, that's my favorite one too. To bed. God's punishing you. Okay? The officials, why it's not to be identified 10 the US was discussing with Britain a possibility of basing up to 6 radar avoiding BT two stealth bombers on the British Indian Ocean Island of the Igrego Garcia and the military was proceeding with fences and much of its key central command staff to gutter for nexusizing November. Nothing stopped. There always contingency plans going on here when officials said one day after Iraq offered to allow you when inspections under mounting world pressure and the threat of military action from Washington. Shipping sources said the US Navy was seeking the ship military vehicles and hundreds of containers full of ammunition from the Europe to the Gulf. The Navy's request marks will be the fourth major US arms delivery using commercial shipments to the Gulf since early August. The Pentagon said earlier that the previous peace shipments were for routine military exercises in the Gulf but in this re-express in Tripathom is a sign that is building fire power ahead of a possible attack. In other words no matter what they say no matter how many inspectors they lay in, matter if they all stand around naked and live this through a cavity search and ain't gonna make any difference because the hawks have already decided we're going in baby. Isn't that the feeling you get? I get it. I'm feeling it. That's what I'm feeling. Just like I'm feeling sick about this poll today because your buddy out there is just in a in a psychotic feeding frenzy. Why are you hanging him on me? Your pal is neither one of the devoted like 80 million times against you. But he's just be haycon furry. Whatever he thinks is gonna piss off the most. Especially me though. I guess you're right. He's my buddy. 344 votes. Some of them real not too many. What do you listen to most days in the new to one hour? Neil 1228 66.2% the real percentage is about 78. Once he got on this you notice how it changed. It was that way for about a half an hour. And once he got on here all of a sudden it just went in a crapper. Worsh 54. That's 15 and half percent. Bill Arale 21 which went from nowhere from like 7 to 21 and about five minutes. Jim Rome 14 which is more than his entire nationwide listing audience. Other 14 and Missileini is 13.244. It's 11.11.30. We got 244 votes. Is anybody buying? No. This guy needs to be strapped in man. Get your own Crawford out. But at straight jacket. Tires hands up he out his back. So he can't do him so many damage. Oh, and it's time for another award winning spot from our good friend, Skippy. Oh, I think what we ought to do is start announcing the AEs. Of course we don't know who half of them are. Before we do the spots. You know what I'm saying? That's a good idea. That is a good credit where to do. Here's another great piece of copy written by Petty Lennie for our friend Skippy who can't write a piece of copy because he wouldn't know one of you stuff the entire copy book up his. That's him. Ask. I've gone Skippy. You won't be here long. Don't unpack. New balances. Offler covers all your athletic and slipping around town needs. That's slipping with one P. Sleeping around town. You've been sleeping around. If you need new athletic shoes for cross training, cross dressing, running, walking, weightlifting, or for other activities, new balances. Offler has got your feet covered. They got him covered, baby, and your feet too. New balance came up with a revolutionary concept says Petty Lennie. They actually measure how long and how wide it is before they start hoping you up. That's right. Your foot too. New balances have got choose to match your foot's light from infant all the way up to size 20 like Tom Welling. What's he up to like a 14? At least. And by this season might even be up to like 18. The result athletics shoes from New Balance that give you the best possible fit like those fantastic fancy fancy ones that I'm wearing very proudly in their great. New and in the other stuff in my feet are phenomenal now. They're lovely. From the ankles down I'm in super shape. New balances south flores got style sizes and what's the shoes that you can only find before in catalogs or by mail order. New balances your one stop shop for you and a whole family. And for any unlike the reason they need a special order is something they do it at an oyster charge. So make a run to new just like George just and he made a run to new balances south florent aventrum all pinecrispilka town center and Palm Beach Gardens coming in November too. If your feet could thank you they would. If you go to new balance. It's a full fledged liberal. Yes. Hunting the wild raven liberal is just one of the swell things you can do at George Boyst Gardens. You want rights? Well George Boyst Gardens has them. There's the Pirates of Hidalgrins scandal the civil rights carousel we've got that one run in backwards and here comes my favorite bush mountain the world's only flat rolly coaster. There's Danny the clown. I'm the vice president. You know what a bozo. So visit George Boyst Gardens come wrapped in an American flag and get in for half rights. George Boyst Gardens where every day seems like four years off interstate 95 into the but court. Yeah I'm just thinking I never really looked at it that way back in that those days bush one we had a president who was extraordinarily cunning and dangerous and a vice president who was a moron right now we got a president who's a moron and a vice president who's extremely cunning and dangerous and I also remember back in those days they see the end bits were funny. Yeah when I great I got all these out for that big noon to one hour today. Hey that'll go stuff noon to one no matter what this uh Schmendrick puts on there. Or maybe not maybe all these intellectuals who want to hear all of this stuff that's going on in a world maybe they'll say oh gee you shouldn't be doing that because uh that's wasted an hour you could be at listen. We got to do something a little bit special on Wednesday don't we? Yeah let's or not. Iraq upside down rights Thomas Friedman in the York Times today by the way trim that mustache and next time you write a book don't just make it a collection of stuff you wrote before. Anyway he writes recently I've had the chance to travel around a country do some call and radio shows during which this question of Iraq has come up often and here's what I can report from a totally unscientific sample don't believe the polls that a majority of Americans favor military strike against Iraq it's just not true. It's also not true that the public is solidly against taking on Saddam Hussein what is true with that most Americans are perplexed. The most often asked question I heard was some variation of how come all of a sudden we have to launch a war against Saddam I realized that he stumbles his nose at the UN and he's has dangerous weapons but he's never threatened us and if he does couldn't we just vaporize him but worries me are Osama and the terrorist still are out there they're saying. That's where I think most Americans are at deep down they believe that Saddam is detourable that is he doesn't threaten the US and ever has because he's been detoured by the way deterred the same way Russia China North Korea have been he knows that even if he hints at threatening us will destroy him Saddam has always been homicidal not suicidal indeed he spent a lifetime perfecting the art of survival because he loves life more than he hates us. No worries Americans are not detourables like Saddam but worries them are the undeterables the kind of young Arab Muslim man who hit us a 9-11 are still lurking Americans would pay virtually any price to eliminate the threat from the undeterables the terrorists who hate us more than they love their own lives and therefore cannot be deterred. I share this view which is why I think the Iraq debate is upside down most strategists insist that the reason we must go into Iraq and the only reason is to get rid of its weapons of mass destruction not regime chasin democracy building I disagree. I think the chances of Saddam being willing to able to use the weapon of mass destruction against us are being exaggerated but terrifies me as the prospect of another 9-11 in my mall in my airport in my downtown triggered by angry young Muslims motivated by some pseudo religious radicalism cooked up in a mosque in Saudi Arabia Egypt or Pakistan and I believe that the only way to begin defusing the threat is by changing the context in which these young man grew up namely all the Arab Muslim states that are failing in modernity and become an engine for producing the undeterables. So I am for invading Iraq only if we think that doing so can bring about regime change in democratization because what the Arab world desperately needs is a model that works. A progressive Arab regime that by its sheer existence would create pressure and inspiration for gradual democratization and modernization around the region. I have no illusions about how difficult it will be to democratize a fractious erect it will be a huge long costly task if it's doable at all and I'm embarrassed to say that I don't know if it is. All I know is that it's the most important task worth doing in worth debating because only by helping the Arabs gradually change their context a context now dominated by anti-democratic regimes and anti-modernist religious leaders and educators are going to break the engine that's producing one generation of another after of under-turbles. These under-turbles are young men who are full of rage because the race with the view of Islam is the most perfect form of model theism but they look around their home countries and see widespread poverty, ignorance and repression and they're humiliated by it humiliated by the contrast with the West and how it makes them feel and it's this humiliation, this poverty of dignity that drives them to suicidal revenge. The question of dignity is a powerful force in human relations. Closing that dignity gap is a decades-long project, we can help it to concessive only if people there have to will. But maybe that's what we're starting to see. Look at how Palestinian legislatures just voted no confidence in Aerofatt. Look at how some courageous Arab thinkers produce an Arab human development report which declared that the Arab Muslim world was backward because of its deficits of freedom, modern education and women's empowerment. If we don't find some way to help these countries reverse these deficits now, while access to smaller and smaller nuclear weapons is still limited, their young angry under-turbles will blow us up long before a Sodom Ever does. Right's Thomas Friedman. Which is okay but letting the guys support out is that he's living in a pipe green. The democratization of Arab countries in addition to which all of that poverty that we hear several people talking about, how come it is that all these wealthiest of wealthy nations like Sodia Arabia, how come that the mainstream people live like slippers living rampant poverty? And throughout most of the Arab world, since they're the ones that have most of the oil. And that a good question, don't you think? Yeah. And I think the answer is because they don't share the well. So just like John Kretchen and his very naive comments from last week on CBC, can keep screaming about the fact that these people are living in poverty and they look to the West and the West has to surely blame for that. In fact, the matter is that they're on countries. It's just like to think with the Palestinians. If they're so concerned, I've said this for years, if they're so concerned about the plight of those people, just like George's who've had their land taken from them and stolen by those lunatic right wing Israelis. Well that's fine, but we got plenty of other land in here. Let's bring them on in. Why? Why not? Why should 8 million people have to be evacuated? Why? Why? I'm going to have to go now. Is it better to keep it on the way it is now? No, it's better to make people comply with the international law. We're comply with international law. Why not the that ever start? Well, what kind of world are you living in? Three world. Exactly. I look at that map and I see the size of Egypt and Saudi Arabia and some of those other Iran, those gigantic Syria, not their job to take refugees? Right. That's true. Why should they solve the problem? They should just suppress all other people. All of them living like slippers in desperation and poverty and continue just like we had another suicide bombing in northern Israel today. Just can it just perpetuated forever because people are stubborn, not that you're stubborn, but you are. Go for it too. You heard it here first, right? Mark Kingwell in the Smurney's National Post. He says, readers of this column probably don't credit with a much influence in the quarters of the White House and attitude shared except in delusional moments by the author. The news comes this week that provides hope. Scotland Sunday, Harold runway few actually independent newspapers left in the British Isles published hard evidence that the Bush administration was planning a regime changing Iraq, which are right yesterday, even before the 2000 election had a detailed plan in hand by January 2001. They also reported that the US and Britain have been selling chemical weapons to the Iraqis since 1992. Then that's how like a familiar article sounds just like one that I read yesterday from the Scotland Sunday Hero. I had to check the dates myself to be sure he says, but yesterday it was, in January 2001, I argued that in this space that the easiest way to cement Bush juniors all too shaky mandate was to start up the suspended war with Iraq. Gulf War II would have silenced domestic critics and galvanized public opinion. There was us in just a no time like the present. The ever helpful headline writer came up with something on the order of get-on with it, which doesn't have the straightforward Venice of Let's Roll, but it's pretty damn close. I even suggested Bush fuels should ask his father for some of those sky blue quays I military shirts that present in Stavor when visiting hot climate theaters of war. I was kidding of course, but the Bush he's toasted with north at one of the dangers of attempting sat-par in our political culture where a scenario constructed scare the B. Jesus out of your average citizen looks just like good policy options to your average politician. And yes, it's proven little more complicated for Mr. Bush than just doing whatever the he wants. It took him almost two years to get his plan to topple Saddam Hussein really going and he had to invent comic book rhetorical devices like the axis of evil speciesly linking the Iraqis to Al-Qaeda terror to keep the fire high. His father's own advises me while have weighed in against the new war, surely complicating conversation over the family dinner table. But the man is not for turning and his latest move display the degree of savvy that'll force out of us to reconsider his mental abilities, at least in the his service of self-interest. Mr. Bush's appeal to the win last week was a stroke of genius. On the surface of marked a significant reversal of all previous policy, suddenly Mr. Bush's a committed multilateralist a pillar of the international community. He comes to New York with a political cap in hand asking nicely for support against the Seval Man in Baghdad. And we out of the, of course, it finnest the situation in a manner to please, uh, McEvelli. Now brought generously into the war plans. He went security counsel, provided in possible resist the arguments of a suddenly compliant and cooperative bush theme, meanwhile behind these soft words is the hard truth that the US will proceed with their war plans no matter what happens. In fact, in case anyone is forgotten, British and American planes are bombing your rocky targets even now or or no were almost every day. If you doubt that the superian change of harbours both sudden and cynical note two things, the fence secretary Rumsfeld swiftly be called a washed and post-opped, justifying unilateral pasting of Iraq, just days before the 57th of when General Assembly opened last Thursday, then Mr. Bush after meeting in the morning with Secretary General Kofian and and learning of the tough anti-air against message that the latter was about to deliver, hustle to revise his own speech in a way that would startle everyone up to his national security adviser, Condoleezza Rice, administration's late model terminator. Spreading the largest Mr. Bush even offered to rejoin UNESCO, the UN Social and Cultural Organization, which Ronald Reagan had quit almost 20 years before. Suddenly, the UN was not the common haven in third world wine fest we've been led to believe, amazing, as the critic Ian Williams put it perhaps not since the enemy changed from East Asia to Uraja in Middle-Oration in Georgia, while in 1984, has devoured such an abrupt about face in the nation's foreign policy. In the wake of the UNESCO announcement on the doubt the Dow Jones industrial average immediately grabbed 102 points, but this new bush dodged still the stuff of brilliance, a snuckering to make young quench and smartly executed freeze-drying a palm-arton, looked like the work of an amateur. Naturally, there was no much in apponing up the US as long overdue UN dozer accepting the authority of the international criminal court. Those things might actually cost the administration at its friend something. Instead, there was a suddenly effective soft pedal version of the old sandlot threat to play nice just until I take my football and go home. This is real politics for the new age, a bland powerplay deployed as a sincere request for help. The UN for its part had no choice but to go along, since Mr. Bush is now doing exactly what they asked talking their language and postponing if not eliminating the prospect of unilateral attack. And it all seems to be working nicely. Iraqi Vice President Terrake Zizan on CS today that UN weapons inspectors will be allowed on unconditional access to sites in Iraq. Is this a victory however small for multilateralism? Will the Bush administration faking it for now someday actually come to acknowledge the value of an international community? Don't hold your breath. Washington rejected Mr. Zizan's latest offer just as they rejected all previous ones as Mac you've only worn cynicism should be get cynicism. Mr. Bush's display of cooperation is a calculated sham no more and no less, credited with the change of tactics not a change of heart, right? Mark Kingwell in this morning's National Policy for the couple good old anti-American shots going in for good measure? They're big on that up here, by the way. 18 till noon. Well that's because we got such a, you know, big army up here and a curling team don't forget about their dangerous. 18 till noon at 560 WQAM hey speaking of diets and we talked before about the FTC and the FTA and the FU finally get around the, the Bunking those fads you see on TV all that cracker here's a pill that's gonna make you lose way why just that it's all about your craft because if it worked every way be doing it. Balance for life isn't cracker it's not fake where you don't want to be just a bunch of pills and you're want to be in the whole bunch of fat and crap what you do wind up eating is what they bring which is great because it makes it so easy just like the pieces lost 54 pounds and you can do the same and maybe a lot more too or it maybe you have less delus, you'll do it because they bring it that little black sack that's the key. You fill out your little menu every day that's the only choice you have to worry about making you pick between two choices for each meal every day that's run a program and then they deliver two by six in a morning at your home at your work at your massage part of our every hanging out three delicious gourmet meals two delicious snacks right in little black sack a lot with little bottle of water in there too and that's it that's all the food you have to eat for the entire day and we're not talking about food enough for a peri-ket does little tiny boxes used to get with future systems or stuff like that or talking delicious gourmet food made from the best ingredients nothing frozen nothing pre-fab it's all fresh and delicious and the wages pours off your body so if you want to lose it to scientific way the way that they figure out for you without calorie carding and carb how accounting and pill pop and let balance for life do the job for you calm today and get started at nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine and watch those pounds vanish call nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine or visit their website which Troy tells us is very fancy schmancy but you've heard Troy on the air you understand what I'm talking about it's balance for life.com get baby hey baby I'm feeling got a horned red what's the law I don't think you are fun because you're good at it. Very good nutrition vitamin and all help you build your muscles to play basketball when you need some red and you want something bad for your flavor oh it's Steve you wonder jama niss 1148 12 minutes still notice five sixty wqm our noon to one hour today all comedy bits that exciting all right including a lot of these old ACN ones like you said back when you were funny we're like that one parents charge in death a girl forced to drink water said she had a sneaking problem this is in Salt Lake City where their middle name is like that kind of like Greg Reed that's the middle name seeing Greg lately by the way yeah some of the haul just though recently really like today today so you're taking a craft for the 18th time what he say he said hi nothing like really important like warfare sale and somebody like a real broadcasters by an administration a couple charge with killing the redout to daughter by forcing you to drink large amounts of water they were adopted daughter by forcing her to drink large amounts of water said yesterday we're treating her today they were treating her severe problems of sneaking in line with rules to promote family bonding Richard killed pack kill pack 34 and genetic kill pack 26 a spring bill were charged with child abuse homicide and child abuse in the death of their four-year-old daughter Cassandra kill pack Richard killed pack said under rules suggested by a therapist they required Cassandra to ask for everything including food and water to help her understand dependency and that her mom and dad loved her she had a very severe problem of sneaking in line to the point of even damage to herself he said today on the CBS early show they made the suggestion than whatever she sneaked or wanted that you would do that in excess after she took water in junies said they answered drink three eight ounce glasses of water after about 12 ounces he said she threw temper tantrums and then followed the requested exercises and then take a time out she started to complain her head was dizzy I asked her to come over to me and she basically passed on her arms he said on NBC's today show her death was a tragic tragic accident genetic kill pack said but prosecutors you have it in shows Cassandra was forced to drink so much water it lower the concentration of sodium in her blood causing fatal brain swelling the kill packs lawyer Philip Daniels and said I'm being honest to her parents Cassandra's sodium level was depleted before she drank the water she re-regons you have you talk county attorney's criminal evidence had a probably took several courts of water to cause Cassandra's death are you following that? I'm following courts of water the explanation they're given for the amount of water that the giver does not fit the medical evidence she said NBC today she also said the parents forced Cassandra to drink the water even while she was gagging and tighter arms back she said cuts and bruises were found around the girls mouth she also said Cassandra's sneak cool aid not water oh I see that case and we know that white people ain't supposed to drink a no cool aid we were discussed now when you were out sick last week I think well do you think white people drink cool aid they certainly do that's how I'm a girl said he said only shards is being cool aid somehow what he know what do you mean how would he know? Cubans don't drink cool aid well there you go he's Cuban right he don't be making a really everywhere all party knows a couple of white people I'm white I don't drink cool aid now you see all the green goes have cool aid in the fridge is matter of fact the white trash people put cool aid in the baby's bottles and give that to their babies and what about Jim Jones what about him? Those are people drink cool aid. Just a little strong with that just this once kill pack city was following the recommendations by a therapist that the cascades center for family growth and or am you taught too many glam and oram center director Larry van Blom denied that his therapist voted forced water drinking no we never recommended he told the daily heard of provo in June Springville police searched the cascades center for therapy records on the four-year-old girl about 30 said the center does not share responsibility for Cassandra's death clearance a.od the kill packs have two daughters one adopted both of them placed in foster care the couple were waiting a court summons Gerald Banfield the charge of the child abuse was filed because they involved their older daughter in the discipline abusive Cassandra and she suffered severe emotional harm regance at Wayne Temple. The kill packs called 9-11 on June 9 when Cassandra was having difficulty breathing following the punishment she died early the next day Danielson said Cassandra was physically and sexually abused before being adopted wasn't bonding with a new parents he said the cascades center promoted forced water drinking for children with attachment disorder believing in teachers children seek out their parents for relief and comfort Richard kill packs said they tried several months for nearly three years to help Cassandra's mental conditions we loved our daughter he said we gave her the best treatment we could we feel very sad about it in October Jean Numeca was convicted in color right on the death of her tenure will adopt a daughter who suffocated after being rat by therapist in blankets and pillows and what was called a reburthing session Numeca was sentenced to four years probation informed hours a community service a reburthing session I remember that story and that sound great yeah these therapists well how's it going to get born again temple you them fairy tales speaking a fairy tales of an egg ram of the Boston Globe rights as a journalist I have to believe LA times reporter Chuck Phillips crossed every teen dotted every eye before releasing his explosive two-part story about the murder of rapper two packshia coroio this month and they got a pull on this two-smetter fact I have to believe Phillips who spent the past year investigating the officially still unsolved killing thought long and hard before reporting that a fellow rapper the late notorious b i g was in the involvement of September 1960's 96 grab by shooting at morally wounded two pack we had this story uh what was the last week yes certainly Phillips would not write something so damning without checking rechecking and double checking every available source and document but the hip hop hit me doesn't know what to do with Phillips's staggering contention that b i g also known as big e-s malls not only paid members of a notorious street gang to execute two pack but even supply to zone gun for the shooting that's also been the overwhelming reaction of the hip hop nation since Phillips articles were published in 10 or 6 and 7 these six anniversary of two pack shooting how come we didn't celebrate that anniversary one wasn't September 7 sixth and seven year the rapper and promising actor died six days later September 13 we just missed out on that so anyway they took a pull into Boston Globe and they asked the biggie have two pack killed the fact during the last break I try to like recheck this thing but it's not on a Boston dot counting anymore on a Boston Globe website so but I got quite a few votes 1742 the biggie have two pack killed yes he's goli 42 percent will never know who did it 37.1 percent and no biggie couldn't have done it 20.8 percent see again we'll never know who did in other words we haven't got the foggyest idea that should have won overwhelming how to hold it I know unless of course their rapper experts are you a rapper expert nigger please how about Carlos you are rapper expert although surround rack does work tremendously well it keeps keep stuff very anusetics ran rap it's the east coast rappers against the west coast rappers oh my god what what kind of a country are we talking about here yeah the one of the Canadians take some sheep shots although who the holiday to talk for 49 well I mean you know when you got that curling thing and boy I tell you as much of a hockey fan and leaf and as I am I mean they are in a feeding frenzy this week like hey how we survive the summer and now man now life is back let's get to the serious time tell you what once they decriminalize that we then they'll be able to talk I see they're we're working on it for 16 16 year olds and up are going to be able to buy it legal Greek and hrs 19 they can talk their light years ahead of the gold USA trust me when I tell you light years ahead even when we got this dumb frog is prime minister they're working on getting his ass out he'll be a will be you 411 votes on a poll 411 votes and I'd suggest that like maybe 300 of my real what do you listen to the most days in the new to one hour that's why today it really is not the new to what we're doing but it's a good story new to one we're playing all in comedy bits to get all them fun people back okay all those people who want to dwell on right wing bullcraft you can go over to Russian below Riley and uh life with Riley you can go hang out with we want to have a little few last noon to one anyway uh neol 268 65.2% rush 67 villa Riley 30 music 16 gym room 15 other 15 see if he wouldn't have got carried away with gym room or wouldn't have looked quite so suspicious you know I know but I got a little bit too carried away with ro me maybe they wouldn't listen to gym room the days when Hank doesn't get to turn it's 1156 at 560 WQAM and I do an arrest spot here now trails off here yes now let's see who's a coward look at the he put his name on their trust rapper try the boy there's the great black hope man I'll take that right now trust rapper good man he's our only salesholder worth even talking about especially after Adam facts me that piece of crap from the agency yesterday what was he thinking about is he thinking no no he's probably looking for another cult if you find yourself looking in the mirror and wondering where you're here what like the like trust rapper he should be an expert on this he don't have a hair on his head he knows where it went he's not just a bald man he don't have like a a follicle it's a nice high shine and his uh I and then the scrantz it is back to him is too anyway if you want to get your hair back chuck out theories they got to do it not a mouse he looking piece not some silly ass looking thing like Bob Eisenberg wears or like mow wears the look like has got a pound of cashmer bokeh in it but I'm talking about real great looking here there looks like it's going out of your skill Charlie is 100% under technical with his natural hairline system everybody you know I think hey you got your hair back and grew back and people you never knew before we'll never know that anything to real thing so if you want to start looking better and younger than you have an a cool in zag call right now call this toll free number 1-800-321-2413 mentioned the arages get that $200 special discount and get your hair back there's no obligation they'll sit your ass down show you just how much better and younger they can make you look with that natural hairline system and don't forget you get Charlie's 30 day guarantee if you don't love it and the smell it and feel it and squeeze it after you've been more than it for three days bring it back and say here's your hair back Charlie just give me my money back no problem at all make the call today 1-800-321-2413 and start looking like a bench not like Todd Dreck or he can check out their website if you like it Charles Alfie or he dot com your sports video 5-60s you a fairer it be that well the one I are on WQA if it puts the lotion in the basket take it what's real bad for you but tastes real good and what can give the excess energy to drive mom crazy so what great the cereal will you tell mom to buy next time she goes shopping sugar shackers yeah you're super sugar coated sugar shackers are little bits of raw cane drenched in honey and coated with powdered sugar glucose glucose corn syrup and other natural sweet news and taste like sugar coated sugar right because there's no yetty vitamins or minerals or smell your fun yeah and how does it make your feel like I'm by Brandon oh my god and mom the love sugar jackers do because inside everybody there's a free bottle of new flint stones to the valley up so try your super sugar coated sugar jackers from your friends at iris possible food if you love those great songs from those great mafia movies you'll slip over real mob hits not only does real mob hits give you more of that great mob music but you also get awesome sounds of real mob hits like look at the ice pick the armor getting his at the hundred and six street bobbers shop forget about it or who can forget solidly the fish getting the old piano wire across the throat if i remember correctly it was a bee flat hit hit hit so what a real mob hits now if you know what's good for you just by dialing one eight hundred bottle of in real mob hits hey it's real forget about it oh back on my TV i can't wait to see what happens without ever the girls all look out they and the bottom thing how i miss fake color last year he went last and jett is the fan comes back for more care last year when she got cut we hate his gut rest of her made him sure we're falling on us so everyone's dead cause anything goes my friends are getting ready for the super i hate dinner up and you see a rom spell but all the protest is there with a big sound was a hairpacks love not more and he had this social media look on his face you don't talk to her rom spell like that you know any real screaming yeah it was a beautiful thing it was watch out you idiot can you believe i jerk gosh damn damn you see my little tans yeah i'm snap it up people all day maybe it's my time at the month yeah me too you know i've been cranky retaining water and look where are these white gloves i know what you mean every 28 days i get this in space you're all craving to buy a banjo and i corn cob pipe yeah well then it looks like there's only one thing to do i was that damn it's in lock-up these two men are suffering from pre-ninstalled syndrome beware the one in science if your husband ever comes home with a tambourine or a banjo pick and insist on calling you mr. bones hide the shoe polish and call your family doctor immediately oh i tell madame mr. bones yes some mr. lock-up oh my god woman i saw you were glad now oh that was no woman that was martina napa taluba no it's not very funny and there is no cure so when it happens to the man in your life try to understand pre-minstalled syndrome yeah look what right here is out to all the babies homers mama's baby mama's mama's mama's we the only baby's mama's in their lives like yeah i'm sorry mr. Jackson mr. Leo mr. Leo baby's drum up mama don't like these things just like all night because they're so neighborhood and just doing it like 90 he cheated he counts for the American president right now let's find out he's got his own thing going with the lights out and now he's got a new child it's a baby i'll wait long rubber pots to be locked up we'll have a lot see loves a wife and everything but she and one who's down you want to rev up there is a marriage to Jackson ram i remember when he brought us all together we moved this divided that this guy had six thousand on us a great moon of fire decided we were up most respect in his home all you did is for that lady it's your fault who is he inside you you got the top to fight the quickest time to throw it on yourself and you'll be fine assist deep Martin Luther King he had a dream not bad or quiver almost 60 and for all they he's always been committed to labor to labor to labor labor to labor labor we brought but with work a job what we was wrong and that was the true meaning of push the will of John the Jackson his intentions are good he wish he could have become a magician to average a jabber being a dad dad thoughts of he thought some sheep thought to see quantum minutes of a now he's an elderly dad he's very so much about it that's what he said in happened to our reason he should be bad the new release of this comment so he would not be present for the drug double you can be inauguration time Jackson man my car is so dirty and I've got to meet an important client this evening well just take it to a car wash you know I don't really like to be because with machines they scratch the paint job I'm not talking about any car wash I'm talking about sparkle clean the only place in town to get a hand job they give hand job they're not any hand job but the best hand job in town and it's all done while you wait I love a good hand job then you'll love sparkle with every five hand jobs you get a free loop it so when you need to feel like a million bucks get a loop in a hand job from sparkle clean we're the best oh yeah you are you're the best I do you can watch the car too the pet has known at five sixty wq a m also you notice the market I just mentioned that in passing I don't want to like you know I'm good all I'm going to show you about that but the market is taking a precipitous scrap again today while rummy was a speaker in the rattling his spear it with your busy lifestyle you know all the energy can to feel healthy older men is the one product of hope you keep in good health and be feeling your best. Oliumet contains pharma suitable grade olive oil along with a lot of other good stuff too as vitamins in there and minerals are able to promote health for all different parts of your body there's one Oliumet product one capsule specifically designed for your heart one for your blood pressure your cholesterol and prostate and of course also one for your circulatory system your digestive your androofin system your skin your bones even your mind skipy even your little mind skipy all using the benefits of pharma suitable grade olive oil and Oliumet which makes products for men and ladies too and even for those who are too sure. All the medicine outstanding products have got thousands of men and women in South Florida stay fit if you want to check it out you can pick it up a whole food markets while green cedanos and viral pharmacies I noticed they changed those around that's pretty good. For more information called toll free one eight six six Oliumet that's one eight six six Oliumet a good or online if you like to Oliumetamerica.com when you call that number by the way be sure and tell me what I'm like tell us what super scare what we have Welcome into the sciab You are a programming brain just proudly presents the Mo Howard Show and the two other people that are in the studio. Hello. Hello. And welcome to the Mo Howard Show. Hey look, we're on the air. Oh, where? Where? Oh, I hear you, Moora. Oh, Dad, wait, Moora. Dad, both your pants down and help me with the show. Okay, say, how about that, Ricky? Well, you, my, you. I see you, Moora. We ain't talking about no fish or money, show see? Only what I like. Now come here, your mutton head. Oh, hey, get a little bit of that demo with it. What's the name? Oh, that's Carolyn. Say you think I want to know. Don't do it, Mo. It's a family show. Adam, I wait. Hey, baby. Hey, I think I'm a big star, you know. Come on. Sweet cakes, I just want to touch your head. What's the big, come on, baby? I just want to touch your head. Don't miss the Mo Howard show, each in every morning on five, 60. W, do you, A, out? Now that anybody cares anymore, we, we, Moora, we, Moora, to be audience off already, so why not? Harry, Kalahann is back. And now he's passing out flowers and airports. See, Belle? What about a carnation, be already friend? Uh, no thanks. Come on, Belle. Make my day. Uh, okay. Kalahann is, what is, dirty, Harry, Krishna. You know, it's always excitement. I don't know if I sold you six flowers or only five. But seen as how Krishna is the most powerful being in the whole universe, and it will be all my hair. Clean off. You gotta ask yourself, weren't question. What's that? Do you like my orange smock? Will do you? Pung. Kalahann is worth. It's just me, Smith and Wesson, and Wilama. He is dirty, Harry, Krishna. No, chanting at an airport near you. I'm holy, man of the washcloth, Cardinal law, open, boys, boys, boys, boys, boys, boys. See, thank you, boys, with the eye press, Cardinal law, open, boys, boys, boys, Cardinal law, open, boys, boys, boys, boys, boys. See, back under the rocks of Panache, and it's an impromptu, bro. And the labels of physics, he's as a name. Cardinal law, open, boys, boys, boys, Cardinal law, open, boys, boys, boys. Recto. Recto. Recto. Recto. Cardinal law, open, boys, boys, boys, Cardinal law, open, boys, boys. Recto. Recto. Recto. Recto. Recto. Recto. Recto. Recto. Recto. Recto. Recto. Cardinal. What are you doing in the mall, though? From the producers of the children comes another slice of real life terror Rear of a big film presents Good night kids remember to keep that story young Okay my way promised But teenagers caught somewhere between childhood and adulthood and the only thing that's certain There's no gonna bear all who it was to creamers. They'll you daughter. I'm ready to take it as slumber party But I thought that was just for girls Yes, you're I show you something just for girls When they go through a community you go through hell But you may share the sure now destroying a loving room near you What's melancholy? Introduces the definitive collection for the annual retention What pieces are the species series? Yes, we are pleased to pass on to you the most exotic animal droppings collection of their What you tell me our Emerald do do replicas are handcraft of the finest future order today and your first stool will arrive in two weeks Classic couch Really you can almost Your mom attention to the tape and the amazing that the enormity of the elephant and the cuteness of the bunny Bullet all that a day and you'll receive our special birds since see what it looks like before it hits your winch We are part of this political move There's no time to waste cold night the feces of the species collection is going fast You know friends you and the backers become real popular things like everywhere I go more and more people are chewing up big miles at the back and spit now huge Guards at the back of you But when it comes to real spit and pleasure you can't date new great Expecterations to end the back it's not just another child. It's a way to shine your shoes It's a concealed but legal weapon Yeah, thanks the great expectations you got the time to put your fist between his cheek and go It's even a convenient home decorated honey. You know him brail polka dog for a chicken Sheer darling But 60 seconds today's lesson Rash Strawberry pie Strumberry pie. Listen to Apple pie. Apple pie. Listen to 3. Pumpkin pie. Pumpkin pie. Customer. What kind of pie do you have? Answer. Apple pie is still on berry and pumpkin. Language levels of public service and menoppy copy or thrice for yourself. Thank you. When you're your Chinese, it ain't pork that chicken bought a fat sign. These yet the food tastes great so you don't complain. But that's not chicken in your chicken town, main. Seems to me I ordered sweet and sour pork, but got a feel of zone my fork. It's parent here on my fork. There's a cat in the kettle at the begin room. The place that I eat every day and no. They can feed your cat and your never know. Once they're out there, I've been no boys. They fired real Kristen though. Chowlin' I still, I wanted more. As he was dialing up his buddy at the home, That's the sun setting out today. I lost my appetite. Let's two cats in my belly and they won't defy. I was sucking on a roll at the tons of tubes. When I swear I've heard it mute. And that is when I knew. There's a cat in the kettle at the begin room. Think I gotta stop eating there at noon. They say that it's beefball for short pork, But it's parent there on my fork. There's a hairball on my fork. There's a fat on my fork. Oh, right. They want us to find a way. They'll re-invert some poor back pay from 200 years ago. When they were slave. When I only have a mobile home. A pitfall in a pinch of skull. So if you want to ask me how hear what I gotta say. Oh, you've got to. Yes and bigger than my wife. You feel them that you're sorry for its lay them alone. Yes and bigger than my wife. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. It's did of 40 acres and the view that you have a better way. You've got to get some bigger good birds. And put on how a parent organ Raymond to get some bigger good birds. And match your best intuition for a slightly use. It's a bigger good bird. Okay. If you're a dinosaur and slave in a mall. You've got a bigger good bird. And that forever but a who is dead and gone. How about if it's Malcolm that sounds okay to me? And they got a new chat on passions speaking of that. A dangling chat. I wonder if he's a hanging chat. But at any rate, I sure want to find out. He's kind of bizarre. Okay. Martian Schwarzier. Anyway, I think we got this down to a side. And I said, I think what we're going to do is Wednesday's noon to one. How do I love into one noon to one? Okay. Don't you think that's a good. Love it on his too long. You're right. It's driving into the ground and I don't know what you've got. But then I'll mind a plain lot of stuff over. Not that we don't have 80 million different birds. But I mean, I don't. Yeah. Because I'm liking this stuff on planer day. Not that we don't hear that last one off and never. Never. Never worse than. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. 26 past noon. It's five sixty WKWM. It's a great day for the Irish. We got you managed coming up at one hank over your three. Speaking of the Irish, we got Marlins on deck at six thirty. The Marlins and the Spos at 705. Eddie K. Good Irish boy at the after the ball game. And then chew on Mark overnight to the six. Joe's getting married by the way. Oh, that went in. You have to bring an expensive gift. No. VIP Sports for.com. Name sound for mid year. It should because VIP Sports book is the only sports book to be endorsed by all the industry watched our groups in Spacon 1996. Because seen or time news recent issues says you can look. You can search. You can scour but you just aren't going to find a better overall sports book then. VIP Sports book.com. So here's the way to plunge your brains out. Maybe you're looking for more than just a world class book that offers 24 hour VIP service and safety of a leader. Maybe you're looking for a rocket scientist like Gary Sarner or how about the highest probably hours anywhere in the world up to 2001. Minimum bets of only five bucks and free withdraws 24 hours today and a 15% cash bonus ended your first deposit. And of course, we're not talking about a jungle book. I'll give you a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of this little bit alreadySubm Historic continue to finally find that it properly gets our whole lineup of hyped up and I'll see you in more detail May I? And mobile! This is Fort Friol-by-60. To a new AM. May 1st it out. During this current economic downturn, there's only one place in besters like you turn for dismal financial news. CNBC. CNBC prides itself on having top-notch reporters pacing nervously on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange. Another panic filled day on Wall Street today as Gainers and losers were far outpaste by jumpers and risk-lashes. CNBC. Within site before casting, to note just what happened to all the money that used to be in your 401k. Now it's time to take a look at mutual funds. Well man, that's enough of that. Only one cable channel gives you an informed head start on your financial future. CNBC. The latest figures indicate it's time to pull your money out of stocks and bonds and start looking into coffee cans and shovels. CNBC. When you used to have money, we used to have a. Well, we're coming down for seven or a pun-sing-futgy day. How great they thought of the heyrishar, across the USA. What do you go, or what does this I hear? This cryan valley who, there's a bunch of squares again this year who said that I wish to. Bar, glad, love the heyrish. And let's still curse your gay. If you are your old dimension of pun-sing-futgy day, you can be above a bucket of scum, sure, and that's okay, but you can't be any wish if you're gay. No, the order of hi-baranians, both eminence is great, have delivered this pronouncements upon the blessed day. Sure, a little bit of fowl and nestle been the sea. Much of gone straight to hell, of homosexuality. Oh, come, lovesy, I wish, as long as there's been a man. Except perhaps the liver can't. We've never been short of them. You can be stinkin' drunk and hurlin' sons will laugh at all away. But you can't be a wish if you're gay. No, you can't be a wish if you're gay. No, don't even try a b, and a wish if you're gay. I stumbled in a bumble just to talk it's really hard, without free written notes from a rover Andrew Card. The pop brain is made and due to the force. But that doesn't seem to bug you. I have no opposition and you have no up in your teeth. Let's close pretty high. Now about rage by the sudden wave of white collar crime. Unless of course the sea-eoser, old friends of mine. And the force. That's as little as I'm ago. That air flasher he's a homo. The softest day attacked us, but we don't give a crappy scene. We're just gonna scare our friends. That's for sure, we're in for a shoot of people, George, and Renee. Just like those drug lord's been for shoot by O.J. Game of Os. You don't care what I'm doing. And I thought I was stupid. The media controls you, you do what you told the team force. If you didn't see it on TV and you didn't hear it. The media is an arc and troll with storage, there has been it. No matter what goes wrong. It will just blame it all on the team force. I don't have no interest going down. The force is from on a higher ball of ground. Is that how you wouldn't know how. He's a moral grander and a bug found their team force. I am free Richard and just follow. I found another way for you to try to lose weightball I catch is it's making to the oldies. I'll build a brain in your fun to close in the dark. It's the high impact video workout that won't let you sit down. I love it. Come on. Drought a hand brush on. Tell him a real nice weather club. I'm going to make those arms and start feet into the same field. His like, fake my booty. What do you want your best shot and girls you want to do? Get the baby, stop running and throw me any more. And when you order, you'll offer it to my new deal at squeal-fran 2. So come on. Not you. Put a healthy glow on those cheeks and cheeks. Thank you to the oldies. My beautiful boy choice, right? I like it. Your like cut little stinkers. That fun little sound becomes right out your spinkers. Wanna copy me and do exactly like I do. Get paid to write little songs about boo boo. My brain's all gone. I'll try to get my groove on. But I can't figure out which spice girl I'm going to fart on. And Dr. Dreas. You'll manage your past girl. Yeah, I'm not. What do I smell as? Did you look well? Well, since age 12, it seemed like I always smell like fun. Ripping gas isn't too soon. I've got a good job when I cook my jeans off and bought it so hard. It's your my under way backwards. Like Chris Crawr. And every item like long, dinner fast. Didn't find out my ass faster than a fat bitch who ate too fast. Smell this honey. You'll feel way to mess my girl. I don't give a fuck. God's heavy to stink the world up. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. See to water me. Kick it now. Back in junior high. The problem was something. Prove that my ass and die. I shot him in the face with my vapor. The worst happened later. When I covered his desk with used toilet paper. Walking his trick club. My intestines will fill the. Move the bartender took a dozen of ticker. Went over to a dancer. Had a fucking agar. She lifted a leg up. And I knew she was a father. Not enough to send him out loud. I was lied to. I just found out my mom got home gas. I told her I'd go up to be a famous rapper. They corrected about strange noise. Made on the crap. You know you will dirt when the women rush to leave. You drop up all the bad. But you must need it. Relief. This guy at white castle said it was pretty cool. But I had to go. Drop the kids off. As a boom. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. I'm alive. Oh, that asshole he feeds the way. Fires in the way to attack the big oval. And eat your oval. Till you explode. Just like your fat fat child in ladies. After you bite you she's on a plane. Spilling your fingers that have yellow stain from the toe. And see your toes. And your piggy-goo. How to be fat disgusting in pasties. Oh, boy. You make the trouble. It's my feeling. I like the cows. Bad and sad thing. Things may be bad. Sorry, pulse of and mild. Your body cheese smells like a grandpa. Applerin was occupied by head. As their need of she wants to get into the car. The shirt is a gun and a wine. I can squeal. I can squeal. I can squeal. Fat baby. Live in with your numberless me. Savor in and start to retrieve between her. And take a look. It's much more fishy to me. That's what you're supposed to do. That's what you're supposed to do. That's what you're supposed to do. 1240 or 520 kilos. 20-12560 WCM. Guess more good news about Rosie. The TV show is gone and guess what else? No more magazine. She'd be out of the magazine business. 520. 560. The ring is on your tongue. You idiot. I had the ability to take you out here right now. Take your goddamn teeth. Following presentation is a paid commercial announcement for the use. Fanking it at home. System. Hi, everyone. Welcome to another fabulous edition of our Gaz Make Discovery. I'm your host, Dick Pister. And today we're going to find out about an amazing new breakthrough at home relaxation from the very same people who brought you the Wankmaster. It's the spanking at home system. No, so fast. I don't want you to blow your wall before you've even started. Ladies and gentlemen, it's the embedded of the spanking at home system. Peter Hadley. Thank you. Thank you. Peter tells us how does your system work. Dick, what have you told you? You could have an old Gaz and you know privacy of your own home. That virtually no cost. Wow, I've always wanted to have an orgasm in my own home. Well, now you can. And best of all, more spanking at an home system works in the bedroom. It works in the bathroom. It works in the dead. In fact, it works anywhere you have. Wow, sounds fantastic, Peter. But is it safe? Sure. Dick, people have been doing it for hundreds of millions of years. Absolutely no sword effects unless you cannot waste paper. That's get one of one and a clean it. But Peter, tell me, is your spanking at home system hard to learn. Trust me, Dick. It's so easy. Even a 15 year old kid could do it. And less than two minutes. Oh, gee, that almost sounds too good to be true. Well, but leave it, Dick. Peter, you gotta tell me, how can I start spanking it at home? It's easy. But just 19. Only five, you'll get lost spanking at an home package, which comes complete with a subscription to the Spice Channel. Playboy's most recent back-to-capist, is you? Not to mention a 12 ounce bottle of lubrication moisturizer for your quote-unquote chatelbos. Pumps is this terrific or what? I'm just getting started, Dick, because if you ask now, all those show you how to beat it in the shower at no additional charge. Wow, and I take a shower every day. With more system, you'll start taking several showers a day. I get away! You're one of the spanking at an home system called 15555 sure. Not affiliated with the Bishop Meeter 2000, Jackematic or the Popeille Pocket Pounder, Boy wear prohibited by law, or by your mom. What should the side he does, Dick? What should the side he does, Dick? What should the side he does, Dick? What should the side he does, Dick? I'll change these headlights off of good, ladies. He thought in specifications to win it. And we're getting too close to this hollow headed fighting, having Texas fall apart, but through it there. We're driving map, pushing the sword and gun, who should the side he does, Dick? What should the side he does, Dick? What should the side he does, Dick? If they don't have Texas fall apart, we'll retort, three thousand light will never be obtained. But you'll bring wash bucket, I soak that in soap and you'll put a pack in office again. Let the fuck, what should the side he does, Dick? What should the side he does, Dick? What should the side he does, Dick? What should the side he does, Dick? What should he do, Dick? What should the side he does, Dick? What should the side he does, Dick? What should the side he does, Dick? What should the side he does, Dick? Going onto the fashion of Gormos. Yeah, we dance like ceases we sing Like voices but we must tell you When we sang, if you were He's out with the stickless They were giving your ex So we got a leg We swear when I gave We looked like a pensive desire We sing like a bunch of early warriors The fruit steaks, our agents says we gotta say We swear when I gave Our biggest friends, our smell, our old girls Who think we're as cute as we be Yeah, but as they get older, they all figured out We're hiding our late handsy One thing is for sure we can make your way We're so close, our delicate side girl Walk and do a good session with your fight I don't but today we think that we are better safe Be swear when I gave I swear when I gave Coffee, 10 till 1 at 5 60 Take a look at that polriesaw on a percentage Okay Oh look at that, 6.6 Wow, that is really You can do this Anyway, we asked today what are you listening to Most days in the noon to one hour Like this hour, and the amazing part of it is Roam may pick up another vote this hour Just a couple minutes ago, now if I listen to Roam may this hour Between noon and one, how can they be vote on our pool You're part of what I'm saying? I got you Neostranger 22, 66.6% El antichristo Bush, Bush, Rush, 10 different 72 33, Jim Roam, Roam, 20 other 19 And music 17, obviously not music on a radio We're sports video 5 60 UAM Spread them and say cheese There's love of woe We're making so much We're making so much We're making so much We're making so much We're making so much We're making so much We're making so much We're making so much We're making so much We're making so much We're making so much We're making so much We're making so much We're making so much We're making so much We're making so much We're making so much We're making so much We're making so much We're making so much We're making so much We're making so much We're making so much We're making so much We're making so much We're making so much We're making so much We're making so much We're making so much We're making so much We're making so much We're making so much We're making so much We're making so much We're making so much We're making so much We're making so much We're making so much We're making so much We're making so much Just making so much We're making so much We're making so much We're making so much We're making so much We are making so much We're making so much We're making so much We're making so much We're getting so much We're making so much We're making so much We're making so much We're making so much We're making so much We're making so much She was deep up with all the bodies She was a real baby alive She was close by all the bodies She was a visual man She was deep up with all the bodies She was a real baby I love that little boat She was a real baby She was a real baby We would takely fly Who'd be good walk a little bit None words are a respirator, lies None repeating daylight There is only one thing that I want And the spices can be chung up all the doors Yo, he had a cup of bed, oh he had a door Come at his acting forever, oh he had a door Yo, he had a cup of bed, oh he had a door Suddenly fried noodles, for a few cents more this word on sour cream More hot sauce noodles, I can almost love them cut the cheese It takes a minute or two when you go through the dry fruit And then we can eat in the car, we'll be toast The kind of these days nobody knows Hey, what's up? Yo, he had a cup of bed, oh he had a door And just a little while the fuck was stuck to the floor Yo, he had a cup of bed, oh he had a door It's a beautiful thing I enjoyed the sardine, I loved it immensely, except we didn't get to play that really good bit Oh, no time for now Which one? The brand new one, the Boca Brian Brian He brought in a whole bunch of them, but he said one of them was a must play Too long, too long, no time Oh, that you have there, you mean? Yeah, well that's going to have to wait till tomorrow, how do you like that? Either that or we could take a couple hours off of a man and a handgun, we could do that I don't think so though Because I already got my shirt on and I'm ready for a nice lunch, something like that Okay, we got the mad dog coming up next, one to three, and we got a hike from 3 to 630 A tough assignment for the Humper today, like 3 and a half hours No dumb joc in here to kill some time