Oh, now the Neil Raja Show on 560 WQAM. Oh, you're back. Yeah! Singer D on War, Wicked was arrested at Miami International Airport after a routine baggage scan discovered 11 Marijuana cigarettes jammed in her lipstick case. D on, what did you plan to do when you got to the security checkpoint? Welcome, welcome, welcome. When you were stopped by Officer Alfred McGillan, what did you say? And the On Warwick hoodie normally smoked pop with. Some sources say you were carrying the pot for Whitney Houston. Is that true? When do you usually get high? So would you say you've been smoking pot for a long time? Miss Warwick's side tapers guaranteeing she would return for her day in court. Coach, I love the way that ends. Like all of a sudden. Yeah, just like, oh, what's your band out of gas? Maybe out of steam. It's 901 at 560 happy Tuesday 2 a.m. Here we are again, starting all over again. But just like, I don't know. It just keeps going on and on and on forever. You know, like the days of our lives. Son of a shining, it's beautiful. Baby, going to be 72 here today in Toronto. Did you tell me it was raining again down there? Often on. Right. Oh. I'm so sorry to hear that. It was beautiful. The answer to them. I'll tell you that right now, I had one crappy day last Wednesday. It was one of those, the faucet in the sky days that answered them as famous for. Or like, drips intermittently. Like somebody is peeing up there in the sky and like, you know, drips a little bit. And then a little harder and a little softer. And all day long. It was a little bit more comfortable wash out. But other than that, it was pretty damn nice. 65 to 70 a.m. A good time was had by all including me. Place was packed. They were packed at it. Noms to Dom. It was so wonderful. And one of the great things about having this vacation coming to an end is that first of all yesterday being a holiday, which I didn't realize you were going to be working yesterday, but never less. And secondly, coming back to Toronto instead of getting off a plane and being in Miami. So it kind of like eases the pain. If you follow what I'm saying. Yeah. What a pleasant surprise. By the way, I have a little bit of Q-Linary advice for the audience. First, how about an update? The beast is sick. Yes. The beast ate in the Chinese restaurant and got some bad grits or something like that. It was in the hospital overnight for one night. I guess now he's okay. He's okay. But not back at work yet apparently. And you do understand what that's all about. And that is the God works in mysterious ways. He's punishing a baby. He's punishing the beast. He was doing so great. He lost about 30 pounds. And I'm sure he still kept most of that up. But always with these excuses, man. No more goddamn excuses. Goes into some tinks restaurant and eats a big meal and got sick. Who knows what he got. Anyway, my Q-Linary. And also, boob shambi we should mention the booster. We lost a lot of weight and kept it up. But unfortunately, has this problem where he keeps falling down lately and passing out. Yeah, like that. And we don't know what that's all about. Does anybody have any more information about that? Is he okay? Is he with the team? We don't know. We don't know. So we hope that boob is okay because we like boob a lot on his show. And we like to be still alive. But these are people who have been a variety of fat during the course of their lives. Although boob skipped that weight off for a long time. Yes, he has. He's working out a lot too, by the way. I see. Maybe working out a little bit too much. Or maybe working with that what's his name that does the games with the badher piece. What's his name with Dave and boring? Maybe that's what's doing it to him. Maybe I would put me into a coma. Up up in a way. Oh my god, where do we find some of those people? Anyway, spicy Thai foods and irritable bowel do not go hand in gland. I'm going to tell you that right now. I've been talking a lot about eating great Thai food here and delicious. But when you have an irritable bowel to begin with, when you got a bad sensitive stomach. And then you start eating really spicy food at taste grade and you don't realize it. But over a very short period of time, it's just tearing your guts out, baby. It's tearing your insides out. When it's out, tear it out. And then your stomach, now you probably didn't even know this, but your stomach is connected to your ass. We were there. Yeah. But we don't think of it. I'm not talking about your ass. I'm talking about like your lower back, your sacroiliac. Oh, it's one of my favorite words. We never used that word, but what a great term. Watch out for your sac, broiliac. And of course when you start having bad stomach problems, also would affect your lower back. And you go to get up and all of a sudden you have these bad cramps. And you feel like you're going to die any second. But don't worry, I'm looking exactly. And so I clean up my ankle with the food and I stop eating the spicy stuff. A lot of those in Amsterdam food anyway. And I'm feeling great. Report there a little bit of advice. If you don't eat in Thai restaurants, I love Thai food. I'm sure you probably do too. But boy, some of that stuff is really hot. Too much peanut butter. I could pass on Thai. I don't like peanut butter. I could live with her without a. In fact, the only way I would ever eat peanut butter. And I have it in years would be like right out of the jar like a slab with a spoon, you know. Like ice cream. We were talking to you for the show about eating a bowl of ice cream. Well, I only eat a bowl of ice cream. If I'm going to eat ice cream, I eat right out of the container. Why waste the time transferring it into a bowl. What's the point? Unless you're like in mixed company or something like that. Boy, because you buy the big that. A ice cream, you're not going to microwave the whole thing. How about a half gallon? No, see you don't know how to work it. You don't know how to work it. You don't know how to work it. Normally, you get yourself a half gallon of some really nifty flavor. It's got all the little chunks of whatever it is, you know. And then you put that in a microwave for about 88 seconds. Maybe maybe a little longer than that. I don't know what you're laughing about. And what you do is you work around the edges toward the middle. And then when you realize that you've eaten about half of it, which is a court at that point, then you just you take it right to the sink and you pour how water over it to destroy it. And then you throw it out. Well, you have to do that because otherwise you're going to finish the whole thing. I don't know what you're laughing about. I'm just being honest with you. Okay, I'm a big fat slob, all right. That's the way you do it. If you're going to go on by, but now I ordinarily, you know, by pints. Myself, like when I was on a Ben and Jerry's kick with a fish food, it's only at least at that point was available in pints. I found it in court. But nevertheless, no, I never bought a court of Ben and Jerry's ice cream. In my life, that's the truth. Never, but I have seen it in court. The personal point is very handy. And you can make a way of that. And of course, here, like when I found that Nestle's turtle, which I'm not eating anymore ice cream here boys and girls, that would be between that and the Thai food just about killed me. I got to Amsterdam and I'm telling you, I thought I was done. I thought this was the need to the last trip. And I stopped eating the crap and all of a sudden low and behold, I lost a couple of pounds and I was able to get up without my back killing me. And my stomach got all cleared out. I was starting to have some lovely bowel movements. By the way, I know this sounds gross. But the most astonishing thing, even at this late date to show you what is their spot coming up. I guess it's next hour later on. Balance for life? Yeah. To show you what a miracle lead weight loss thing is. I don't want to call it a diet, but it's a whole program where they provide you the food. Even at this point with all the crap that I've talked about eating in the interim and I have all that Thai food, all that vats and vats of Nestle's turtle ice cream and other crap. I still, when I in other words, if I can go a dare to without doing like that, all of a sudden I'm back to those beautiful, wonderful specimens that even mother nature would be proud of you. And when I'm talking about, I do know what you're talking about. They come out like medicinally in one long, smooth piece and then like kind of like, and that's it. Yeah, drop right off. You almost like a dog. You almost don't even have to wipe almost. Wow, that's for malady. If anybody out there's never had a bowel movement like that, I'm, you don't have no idea what you're missing. I'm just telling you that right now, I realize that I'm pretty, I'm pretty preaching to the choir. That's right. By the way, the trend comes out speaking of bowel movement as we always tie things together on this program. The trend comes out, which is it's only a monthly trend, okay tomorrow at 2.30, which will be after we're off the year already. So if Thursday, we can, we can play taps for four hours. Because I guarantee, and I've been wrong, the last couple times in a row, I've been dead wrong because we went through all of that business, the upheaval with a morning show, and the first team and then Moe came in and all the other changes on the station. But we've been hanging on thanks to that January. We had that very distorted, what they called in the, a trade, a wired book kind of like thing. Where everybody who listened to the station got a diary, at least one and maybe two or three. So we had at enormous January. So we've been able to keep propging ourselves up based on it. Look at the gigantic bonus that some of us already got. Based on that phony jamming at great January. But that's going to be dropping off because for those of you who are not rating ratings students, the ratings are like three months at a time. January, February, March, then January drops off. They do February, March, and April. It's set around so on. You're following me so far. Oh, got right at down. So this will be February, March, and April, the numbers that come out tomorrow afternoon, which will report you on Thursday is that is going to be, and we're going to be dropping off that humongous, that huge January, which we've been holding to like a lifeline for a month now. And that's going to be banishing. So the numbers that come out tomorrow afternoon, I think will bring us back to some level of humility and make us realize we have to work a little bit harder if you know what I'm saying. A lot harder. I mean, it's going to be, I don't want to use it, but the term death now does come to mind. I just mentioned that in passing just to kind of cover our ass. That's right, come at this point, because it's going to be bad. And it isn't necessarily going to mean all of that much because then that nasty February is going to drop off. Is anybody care about any of this? No, but we do in the industry, everybody in the business cares about this. And of course, the people down the hallway at Power 96, they better be praying that the bleeding stops when the trend comes out tomorrow afternoon. In fact, we better pray that the bleeding stops because, uh, PYM just might be to sound in men. Do you know that? Yeah. How close was it in the book? Do you remember? No, I don't. Oh, I guess it was around your homework. But I mean, they were pretty respectable second. And of course, the question is, is PYM still gaining momentum. That's party radio with the, the year old, the dance music, the dance and the trance and your pants and all the stuff that Kitchery won't play that we've been given them for two years. By the way, some great music out over there when I was in Amsterdam, great music on the 85 different, the music channels that I get. Well, speaking of moving channels, which I almost said, somebody's got to let us know the name of the, uh, which Robert might even answer the phone for a second. And that Robert, where are you going? No, no, I'm just saying for one second. We're not taking a call today. Oh, just relax. And I heard by the way, Spire Report that you and Joe did screenless one day. Why did you do that? What do you mean? I don't really care what you do. It's your deal when you're there. But why did you do that? Are you massacists? What do you mean screenless? It's always screenless. It is the whole week. I mean, as screenless as normal, he just putting people on hold. He's not actually talking to anybody. Oh, I see. But not not the usual sense of screenless. I just punching one of them. No, no, no, no. I see. So your full of crap, where I don't say who was that was given me Spire Report. So never listens by the way when you're doing Joe, but he's not religiously. And back this is a man. Because he doesn't listen to most of those shows on our station. And yet, p-p-p-p-p-p-p-p-p-p-p-p-p-p-p-p-p-p-p-p-p-p-p-p-p-p-p-p-p-p-p-p-p-p-p-p-p-p-p-p-p-p-p-p-p-p-p-p-p-p-p-p-p-p-p-p-p-p-p-p-p-p-p-p-p-p-p-p-p-p-p-p-p-p-p-p-p-p-p-p-p-p-p-p-p-p-p-p-p-p-p-p-p-p-p-p-p-p-p-p-p-p-p-p-p-p-p-p-p- Okay, we gave it a good shot. We had all our players injured. It's a walk-in wounded. It was a really vangit effort. Get it over with. No, we can't do it. Well, nothing. We got game six at the ACC tonight. And if by some miracle, a Leafs went tonight, by the way, game seven at a series is not for tomorrow like the Suncendal's been telling it. It's for Thursday. It's gonna be played in Carolina Thursday. Not tomorrow. Is the Suncendal once again gets it wrong. But at least they're consistent. Oh, I got a lot of stuff to talk about. Mike Piazza insisted he's not gay. We got the they found Shandra and we got the FBI gate and Cheney Gate and the... You better be our red alert purple alert. Now we got scuba divers. You're gonna be attacking. You notice as soon as that FBI thing really came out big. I don't want Robert to get too upset about this, but it happens to be true. Right away, Cheney comes out. It's not a question of if it's a question of when. It's a hundred percent guaranteed. Everybody climb out of the bed. The sky is falling. Don't criticize us. A summertime might as well be here already. It's the end of May. It's almost June. You need all the energy. You can't feel good in that heat and stay healthy. The heat and humidity just about knock your ass out. All of you might as one private. It'll make you feel your best all the time and keep you in good health even in Sal tree, Sound Florida. All of you might as a soft yell capsula contains pharmaceutical grade olive oil along with vitamins and minerals and robles while promoting health for your prostate. For your heart there's a product for your blood pressure and cholesterol. Probably could help pack quinazimatter effect. Allium ads also got supplements to promote health in your circulatory system. You're digestive and endocrin system. You're skin and bones even your mind. I never did mention that movie. I wanted to find the name of. Nope. I will. I'll use the benefits. How can I find the name of it if I can. I'll use the benefits of pharmaceutical grade olive oil and allium ads got products for men. It also for your ladies out there in radio land as well. Allium ads available right now at Walgreens Whole Food Markets and the Barrel Pharmacy and Sedano is it's a stupidest product and it's helping thousands of people stay healthy all over South Florida all over the USA. So if you don't see it on the shelf, ask the straw manager about allium ad not come on a shoulder and say where to hide your hiding it. Or it called toll free to get more information about their products how they work and what they do for you. Call 1-866-Oleomid. That's 1-866-Oleomid or order their products right on their website if you like. At Oleomid America. Educational options. No portion of this program. We've introduced about these small spin permissions at WQAM busy broadcast group incorporated. You got it! What a stop, Mr. Foster! Well, Stephen, I go in for a lap dance and all I get offered is a lap top. It makes your head spin. Your sexual conjures are easily solved by the folks in half. Just give them a call. No hook you up with the right woman for you at the right price for you. Hey, Stephen, isn't this your dad's car? No. You're going to say it, aren't you? Yeah, I guess. But I think he knows. Dude, you're going to hell. And you ought to be there with him, Stephen. Boy, does that kid get on my nerves or what? Prapodemy. 917 at 560 WQAM. Happy Tuesday to your George Tucker Paul yesterday and I'm in shock that he worked on Memorial Day. Why did you do that? I thought we were supposed to. We're not running tapes anymore, are we? Now did Joe work with you on the show yesterday also? Yes, he did. Oh, I didn't know that. So the two of you were there on a holiday, I don't understand. Or is that nobody knows that? Is because our program directors on a long busmen's holiday, he's on a long vacation. And I should say this by the way. Thanks to our crack engineer Julio, who is absolutely the best. We had a little technical difficulty when I got back to my apartment here in Toronto. The line was a little bit screwed up. We had some problems and Julio and I finally got the touch on the phone yesterday. And I sat around here crawled around on a floor for about a half an hour and with his direction and with his direction. Got everything work and I was going to Julio. Oh, the best baby. Is our AKA clearance doing a spectacular job as interim program director? Kind of reminds me of that while you a pit blue character thing out, lonely or glove. But nevertheless, I don't want you to get nervous, Moth. So George took a poll yesterday, which is the movie I'm trying to think of before we get to the poll. I'm a cross-it in just after the beginning. So I didn't see the name of it. By the way, something you're still dropping out like you just did. Yeah, a couple of times in a row there. You might just want to mention that so that people don't start faxing. Hey, you're cutting in and out. It's cutting in and out. Who goes here and he's running around and he thinks it's weather related. What do you mean weather related? I mean on your end or something. How come it's always on your end? Because the weather here is beautiful, man. It's sunny. It's like going to be 72 right now. It's like, what is it? 18 at 64? It's a beautiful day here. Not a cloud in the sky, practically. So it's always on your end. See, I rest my case, folks. Sorry, so the first part of what you were saying got missed about the movie. Well, how long am I cutting out? For half a second. I see. I never got to sand it anyway. So I came in midstream of this movie and it was with Warren Bady, who weren't nearly I never liked Warren Bady until Bugsie because it was not a stupid movies like shampoo and heaven can wait in a lot of crap. I always thought, Warren Bady is a waste of everybody's time. He blows even if he does have a gigantic penis. And I make a long story. Sure, I saw Bugsie. I saw it about two or three times and it was great in that movie. And then I see this movie over the last week in Amsterdam. I might settle, I dish, which I now get 18 and rechannels. And it was great. It was funny as hell where he played this wacky senator. Who became kind of like a hip-hopping senator. And kind of like a Howard Beal of the US Senate. And of course, in the end, I got a scroll of the end for you. Halle Berry was in it and Jack Warden, which we were just talking about him from, and just as for all. But I don't know the name of the movie. I think I'm not sure it's called the Candidate or something like that. No, Candidate was with Robert Renford. Oh, sorry. So the answer is, no. But you saw this movie. I saw it. Okay. What are these numbers? Oh, you were talking about the numbers and how close they are to us, party. Oh, so I just refact that. I see. Well, what the hell is this? Oh, they weren't even in second place. Nope. I see what I'm about that big thing is all Howard's nine to ten hour. But anyway, we had a ten three and the big had a six three and p-y and the six point. Oh, I guess they weren't that close after all. So I have no fear. But we're going to be losing that gigantic January. I'm just telling you right now to brace yourself. Just strap yourself in. Okay. Here's George's pool. I've got so damn much stuff to get to today and I'm never going to get to it. I feel like we're currently almost all the way. I actually have a stack of stuff instead of just making one up pretending I have one. Which celebrity would you like to most see in a reality show like the Osborne's George Axe yesterday? Now whose idea for the pool was that? Yours are a Joe. But. Oh. I was going to blame Joe for it. No, sorry. Me. Oh, that's where you do bad pool. And Mike Tyson 88. Now why would we want to see Mike Tyson in a reality show? I'm going to see Mike hit somebody. And people like that. I see. I see. Hmm. In fact, what maybe you can have a show on MTV. Just called asshole. Yeah. If MTV wants to be cutting edge, why do they have to have a show called Jackass? Why not have a show called asshole? Don't you think that would be like a little bit more cutting. I would host it. I think there would be sensational. You and Greg could host it. Mike Tyson 88 don't Clinton and Brittany are tied 45. Now see, it's got nothing to do with reality. Oh, I got a bad Britney story. You're going to be very upset. Oh, are you going to be pissed off? All right. You're going to be, but I'll save it. Bill Clinton and Brittany 45. Barbara and Jenna Bush 44. I'm Dural Strawberry 33. Michael Jackson and Jack Nicholson 22. Angelina Jolie 17. Charlie Schene 15. Robert Downey, Junior 13. Charles Barkley 11. Ted Kennedy 10. M&M 8. Oh, he makes my skin crawl. You know, I just don't like him. In fact, I'm not sure who I like less. Him or Steve from those them, uh, del commercials. Terrace and Nikki Hilton 7. Mr. T. and Tara Reed 6. Jerry Seinfeld and Merlin Brando 5. Mickey Rork and Tom Welling. Each with a pair and Jerry Coleman with one. Why did, where did, where did Gary Coleman come for? Somebody wanted to see Gary Coleman in a reality show. Well, they can watch passions and see little Timmy on there. And normal by the way is out crazy. Normal who's now a aka, whatever name is in a restaurant, but it's normal with a hatchet. That show is too much. It's a trip. In fact, I saw the character that plays the actor to play or act as whatever that thing is. We don't even know what it is that plays normal on passions and then movie when I was also an Amsterdam. Soft the same act that I saw, whatever that movie with Warren. Anybody called yet about that? I see the lines are ringing off the hook, but Robert probably don't want to talk to them. Just talk to them long enough to get the name of that movie. Please. Well, he's on the phone talking to somebody else. Can't be bothered right now. I see. I'm sure it has to do with our technical issue. Well, hi. How about I just find out what the movie was called? Oh, if you want to know. Yes. Both. That's it. That was his name, Senator Bulworth. Very good. See, you're picking out Robert and he was just on there getting the name of the movie. No, no, no, no, no. I think Greg is right about you. You know, I think Mulman have a point too. He's on there getting the information from one of our final listeners out there. It's called Bulworth or Bolshevik or something like that. It's a damn good movie. Do you see it, Robert? Yeah, it was pretty good. I love the wrapping though. Yeah. See, George didn't like that. He thought that he was funny. I thought it was this horrible. I thought it was a panic. I thought it was one of the funniest guys. And in fact, I put him up there almost with Afroman. Not quite, but almost. That's how good he was. Although Afroman's got better Schmidt. But anyway. So there's George's pull from yesterday, which went over like a pregnant pull of all the one on a hot day in the sunflower. It's could be any day. And you notice now, now since we had FBI gay, which we talked about months ago on this show, and then before we left, we talked about the Phoenix memo and all the other stuff. I mean, this is nothing brand new. We know that the government blew it. Let's, you know, let's cut right to the chase. This stuff came out and they got egg on their post now. The vice president gets a wielded out there. And we got school but I was going to attack. The statue of Liberty is going to get blown up. The Brooklyn Bridge golf courses, Majong Tourmin's, Shuffleboard Courts, any place else where you can find gatherings of people, especially old. They're going to be attacking any minute now. God. And I must admit, I'll even do it on the ear because I told you off the ear that it is an acquired taste. And this will shock some of the people out there in radio land. But, but a network that I started watching a lot this past week and a half an amped to them was. And only because CNN international is so dry and so terminal and so boring. Oh, even regular CNN's enough to make you go into a coma. Maybe that's what's happening to boog. Maybe out there in the road, he accidentally got CNN on a hotel. And we're going into a coma and falling down. Fox News. Now as long as you watch Fox News, first of all, it's not as right wing as it used to be. I guess even Rupert Murdoch couldn't keep that scam going. But setting aside any philosophy and George put it very well. It's infotainment. There's some information on there. But it's strictly showbiz. And if you look upon everybody on there including Bill O'Reilly and Ridiculous Rita Cosby, have you ever seen that brought? No. She's the silliest look in human being ever seen in my life. If you look upon each and every one of those people is a cartoon character. Who's that old bird out news guy that they got on there? John Gibson? No, not that even older and more burned out. Now, Brit Hume. Oh, remember Brit Hume? Yeah, I see about a hundred years ago who looks like his suit. He looks like what's his name? Ron Deez. Like a cigarster Indian on a bad day. So as long as you watch Fox News keeping in mind that everything is like everybody's a cartoon character. And it's all showbiz and don't take it even seriously. It's actually fairly entertaining. And then Bill O'Reilly, of course, was having a field day with that story about the kids at the Praman, the dirty dancing. Do you talk about that? No. You didn't talk about that? I don't. Oh, my god. No wonder I've had all the complaints about that show you've been doing. I didn't really have anybody, but I just thought I'd say that. The stir the pot a little bit. When your names did am for a few days, you want to stir the pot a little bit. Did you? No. I don't smoke a lot. I know. I'm just bustin' your chop. Everybody else was, though. And everybody was having a great time. I still am amazed by seeing all those groups of little kids I'm talking like eight Nineteen year old kids. They take them in groups. And they're walking through the streets and they're looking at the sex shops and the gigantic, the swinging gul those that are going up and down in the ear and a window is and they're looking at it and they're making you a little bit ear and out. And but it's not a big deal. They're walking past where the hookers are in the windows and it's not a big deal anymore. And what do we worried about in America at a time when device prisons telling us what under major red alert and we're going to have like a shovel board the courts are going to be invaded by by crazy suicide bombers. We're worried about dirty dancing at high school proms. My favorite line during all of that business. If you didn't see the story didn't you? No, not even. You didn't even see the story. You didn't. Oh, I heard about the thong checking. A per a per like you. Now I forget about that. There were several of these high schools and I sure liked it. A lot kind of schools they were. But at any rate where the kids were like, the first of all, it's a prom generally addressed a formal. Right. They were addressed like a bunch of slabs with t-shirts and jeans and like, you know, and the girls would barely anything on it all. So like I said, you'd like to do a lot. And the line they kept using was if they didn't have clothes on, you think that they'd be having sex. And of course, the real line is if they didn't have clothes on, they would be having sex. Yeah. Because the girls are like down on their knees and the guys are like, ah, assimilating, helping them and say, assimilating. I mean, not really assimilating and stimulating. They're doing it. And that's what we're worried about is dirty dancing and Bill or Riley's under pontificating about this and about lack of morality and what the house, you know. And I'm thinking to myself, yeah, here's Elvis going to swing a sips again. If we could just just get him back to life for one minute and put him on it. Solomon again. Elvis could swing his hips one time. We just want to see on TV. Just a film from the waist up. Okay. This is the kind of crap America's obsessed with. Very sad. 928-560WQM. If you're obsessed with getting yourself a good night's sleep, if you don't have a good mattress, it's not going to happen. I'll tell you that right now, somebody who just recently went through some real back crap, thank the Lord. Thank you. God. For most of the time, at least when I'm home having a great mattress from Biola mattress and you can do the same thing. Just call him at 1-800-MACRUS for the top name brands in the universe. They got him all. They got Surtas, Seely, Simmons and King Coil. No store in the universe, bedding where to promenade any other kind of store can match their selection or their exceptionally low everyday prices. And they're not going to stick you with some mattress that you don't really want because they don't have the one you want in stock. They've got the deepest selection of brand name mattresses, so they'll let you baton switch it in another mattress. The one you really want is in stock and available for just about immediate delivery as soon as a couple hours after you call or in any two hour window that's convenient for you any day, seven days a week. Unlike the competitors, they allow you to choose the two hour delivery like I said to give you a 30 day in-home comfort trail to the test and out the real way by sleeping on it and doing your thing on it. So if you want to get a good night's sleep every night for years to come, do what I always do call the vetting experts at dialometres 1-800-MACRUS. They'll be there in no time at all. 1-800-MATT-RES or check them out of that wicked worldwide weather. Today, we head to Kathleen's King Knights. We night's at 10 on Sports Radio 5-60. You a-yeah. Oh my god, your breath is beautiful. How a- let's talk about your childhood. Do you remember when you first bought? Yeah, I think probably when I was in the third grade and it was with another kid at school, sex-yeah, when you were a little girl. It was just my way. I have to discuss a very sad period in your life. Girl, don't do it. February of 2000, you were involved and my became a very famous animal-beel accident. A woman was hurt and you said you have no recollection of what happened. I should point out that you were thinking of what you mean you can't remember. That's absolutely. Why? I'm a woman who really doesn't care on a terrible person, yes. I'm 31 at 5-60, do you come so fat boys, fat facts as me, this thing 18-44 men about how party radio actually beat us, they had a- what they had. Well, but it's a tie-a-two, but they had like a hundred more average persons per quarter hour, so they beat us by a fraction of it. And that's 18-44. Do we care about 18-44? No, so they're going to beat us hands down. Now that we're going to lose that genuine. I'm telling you, just be prepared for it. Party radio, they're doing it. This is the same music that I brought in two years ago and kid-curried gave us a look at it. And, you know, to hell with that, you know, thanks but no thanks. Nobody wants to hear that crap. And now they're kicking his old smelly ass and rip it in an ass on the year all the time about what kind of a guy who's 70 years old, calls himself kid anyway. And what does he know about the music that young people want to hear today? And you know something I think they got a point. He knows Anna Squeaks got a big ass, but other than that, what does he know about music? Anything? Nothing. And how's that group that they put together by the way, Power 96? So they still around, you know, that group a little ugly punks? Yeah. Well, that's right. I forget George Kent Combat on some of this material because George is the perpetual professional scapegoat. I understand by the way that you talked about that the first day that you did the show. Talked about what? That whole story. About how you nearly got your ass canned and about how Greg was anxious to get you out of there and about the whole deal with Mo and this thing I touched on it very briefly during the first segment. It's not what I heard. Okay. Was that more misinformation from Rimmer? I didn't talk about it past nine ten. Very first day. Very sad. Get a life, Rimmer. Okay. Go on. Place them golf and arrange. Do something useful. Turn off that radio. Please. Did I mention this on a year about Natalie Permanor? No. Well, I was wrong and you were right. See, when I'm wrong, I'm wrong. It was a, but how am I supposed to know? I didn't see the movie. I saw one picture there in a paper and she looked pretty, pretty and there's a crappy picture. But I saw the, some clips from the movie while I was over there and I'm stood on. Which said, movie did open while I was there didn't go see it and she's very cute. Not as cute as he is, but she's cute. They're both cute. They're fine. A couple that you like to see doing it naked and dirty dancing at least. I can't believe you didn't see that story about the dirty dancing of the high school proms. Jesus Christ, what kind of a, that's right. You're in Florida. Right. I guess I got to watch Fox News though. The, the, the, the rightly, the whole thing about it. But wasn't only just on Fox News. It was on CNN. You know, if you'd stopped watching that screen TV all day. I wish. Yeah, you only wish you had that boy. That's a great channel. It's up here on our digital cable and candidate. Don't have it down there. Oh, and before I go into the pool for today, which I'm sure Eric is all whipped up to a frenzy about that. God, we got the Shandra body. We got the Mike P. Otses. I'm not gay. Holds a press conference on a front page of the guy damn New York Post. There were a writer gets a can because they wouldn't re, uh, print his column. Which I have his column, by the way, which I'm going to read on the ear. Post refused to print your gay. Yeah, Mike. People at hold a press conference do not set an out gay. Whether it's Michael Jackson, whether it's, uh, Tom Sellek, whether it's Bert Reynolds. Your gay. That's my, that's my opinion. Not that I really care. Although, you notice those catches always says, spend a lot of time squatting. A lot of time on their knees, too. Hey, Mike. Your gay. Nobody really cares. Uh, what was I just going to do before the pool? I was so glad they're important. I don't know. I thought you were going to do the pool. No, I was not. I had something much more important than that. And all of a sudden I got myself sidetracked. This is what happens when you go on vacation. Always about you want to show that you didn't about the first few minutes. Yeah. And I thought we were done with that. I'm just stalling for time. Oh, that was. It was something monumental. It was something of incredible tremendous magnitude and importance. And it just, the song, the dirty dancing at the prom. Well, what I do. What else is there to say? I'm sure that everybody in our audience saw stories on the news about the big controversy. I looked on the internet. I couldn't find anything on it because it's old news now. But it was like just after I left. And every newscast that I saw, there was stories. They showed, of course, the video over and over again, which would be very pleased to know that if you want to go out and get this week's national enquiry, or which you're all again behind the times, the column buying killers. There they are on the front page. And if you go to the inside, they're the deaf pictures, the real legitimate ones for those of you who like blood and guts and gore. And who do they have to legitimize the fact that they decided to put this and I do like the enquiry ordinarily, but this is an extraordinarily bad taste. It's nothing more than guts and gore, and they happen to get the pictures that they've put them in there. What's P. Sheldon? Chairman and Gauke found out of the traditional values coalition. One of the ultimate right wing, a lunatics of our time, Reverend Louis Sheldon. He says, oh, it's a good idea because it's a deterrent to further school shootings, putting these pictures in the enquiry. They are grotesque and disgusting, and their so-grotesque, they don't even look real. It looks like something out of a Hollywood movie. Like one of those movies that you can't scare TV if you could get it. But there it is, Columbine Killers never before seen crime scene photos. I'll get to that later. But the dirty dancing thing was all over the place like I said in the fact that you people haven't seen it in the kids. That Florida's way way behind in the times. I mean, the prom, don't you usually when you think of a prom, you think of kids getting dressed up in a girls and real nice formal outfits, and the guys in Tuxedo's. I'm not saying that that's necessary. That's the old fashioned way that they did it. No, that's typical. But they still do it that way. You know, in the guy gives the girl a corsage or an ex case gave his boyfriend a corsage at the one over here in the, by Toronto that we talked about. Yeah, that tweet. Where was tweet, okay? It was nothing wrong with it. Although the church didn't like it too much because they want to keep all those alter boys for themselves. But at any rate, you know, these kids are all dressed up like slabs. And the music that they were playing, not let me ask you this. What kind of music do you think that they're playing at most high school proms? Now they're not playing waltzes. They're not playing like a soft, I mean, that's not playing. They're playing dance stuff like like party radio. I would imagine. Like party radio. See, there we go again. That guy damn Mike Disney's got a hit at son of a bitch. That crazy ass, mustache showed Disney has got a freaking hit over there with that party crap, which believe me, he didn't invent it. He couldn't invent anything if his life depended on it. But here's the guy they took the formula once again, and we'll see how long that last. You know how long to begin back because it's going to be just like radio smegma. You'll see. It's going to be very big for a few months and it's going to be the end in the new and hot thing, which I'm not saying a lot of that music isn't good, but the fact is that there's still way behind the times. Way behind the times. I've got hours of tapes that I could loan you, but I'm not going to do it Disney. I could give it to kid Curry. I could have brought all that music back from Europe. Could have goose those numbers up by 50%. But I'm not going to do it because see, when you turn, when you turn somebody down. What was that line in the godfather? Tom Higgins says, you know, well, when if my client is refused the first time he doesn't ask you to say, that's how to go down here. But there's a thing eating the supper. What does he say? I don't know. I got to find it. He's eating supper with the what's his name with Jack Walsh. And he says, my client never asked a second favor when he's been refused. The Holy O'Neigham never asked for a second favor once he refused the first understood. Now, where are you finding that? That's that facts, memorable quotes from the godfather. Really? Yeah. I knew we needed again. Yeah. Anyway, here's our poll question for today. Well, I'm sure wound up with stuff too bad isn't going to last too many days like this. How's my good friend Tom Jick had doing? Two bad Tom doesn't write stories about trends. He's probably salivating, waiting to write a story about, oh, I told you, I knew Roger sitting there reading that stuff on a radio and he's not copying about the soft forward to seeing. Let me just tell you this little Tommy, including George and everybody else I've talked to down here and I've talked to plenty of people. Some of whom even know what they're talking about, unlike my mother. There isn't a goddamn thing going on down there. Oh, yeah. They had to big shfarts or fest on the beach over the weekend and they only rested. I got that story here somewhere. We'll get to it, maybe. But they only had one standing and considering there was that many shfarts is the one place at the same time they consider it to be a success. It was a hit. A big fat-titted hit like Tom Hagen said. Only wasn't Tom Hagen and that movie he was a friend hack it. Here's our poll for today. Are you keeping up with all this? Oh, yeah. Cause I'm really going a mile a minute. I know that probably too fast for after a holiday there in South Florida. It's a good thing we're not taking any phone calls. Going way too fast for that crowd. Hey, I think the Aggies can win the pen. Which of these phrases or expressions is the most redundant? You following us not Eric, get with it. Put down a card then breakfast burrito. Both of them. That sounds good though. You know breakfast burrito? What's in an egg? Egg? Bacon and egg wrap. But you can probably get it without the egg though. I would hope so. Yeah. In fact, just a burrito, a burrito supreme from Taco Bell sounds pretty good. Stop with the food crack again. You're going to kill yourself. You maniac you lunatic. Next thing you know, you'd be rushing out after the show to buy Nestle's turtle again. I will say this. I didn't see any Nestle's turtle in Amsterdam. No turtles. I saw a few heads stick out. Which of these phrases? I guess I better do the break first. Then we'll get to the poll at Eric have some time to get his pen and pencil going. I've got a few of them in there. Frazes or expressions are the most redundant. You follow what I'm talking. I'll give you one like one. Silly Brit. The RIT. Follow what these are going to be? Okay. Hey, speaking of silly people, I get this from my good close friend. By Lisenberg just facts me this copy just in time to tell you that Tom Layman is added again. It's Halets off the wall in voice sales. Stop by Halets potty GMC at 134.01 South Dixie Highway. That's on US one across from the falls. Where the lowest sale prices marked right there on the invoice on all 2002 cars and trucks in stock. Choose 1.9% financing or up to a $3,500 rebate whichever you prefer. Check out the complete line of GMC SUVs including the envoy voted by Motor Trend as the SUV of the year plus the year all new vibe SUV. That's got the power of a sports car at just a fraction of the price. Halets also got an unbeatable selection of pre-owned cars, trucks and sports Italy vehicles that you can depend on not a single fruit. At least not a lemon on the lot. If you got credit problems, if somebody else has turned you down for credit, try to buy a car, have no fear because Halets is here. They'll get you to deal with that. It's off the wall in voice sales and it's going on right now at Halets potty GMC and to find them in the same great location they've been doing people right for over 35 years. At 134.01 South Dixie Highway that's on US one across from the falls open every day, seven days a week. By the way, Tom Layman told me, just before I left on vacation you said if you think I didn't look silly with a wig on, you ought to see him with a wig off. Halets potty GMC. It's a new way, it's 630 on SportsRenU5, 60 KQAM. I wouldn't believe a word Neil said if his tongue was not arrived. We don't take you live to Mike Tyson's training camp where he prepares for his battle against one ex-loorys at the pyramid arena. Let the Tennessee Junior, 2008, 2002. Hey, next, Fockeboss Yiddle, come out of here. Yeah, Ricky, get, get, get. Yeah, I'm ready. So, Fockeboss Yiddle, get the block, put your- I'm ready, get, get, get, get. I'm ready, get, get. I'm ready for you, Mike. Are you ready to spawn my- Get, get, get, get, get. Get, get ready, get. I'm ready to get my spawn with Platinum. Yeah, I'm ready. I'm ready. Which is having a little problem here. Yeah, he's on my head, get take him! No way, yeah, I love you. You're supposed to be slacking? Yeah, I love all your energy, kids. Yeah, look, you've got to stay away from them all night. Just give, for far away. Hey, you need close against me, slacking up. You don't want to get in. I'm gonna fight, I'm gonna fight, I can take him. I can take him all night, I'm gonna get in the ass. Bring it on, yeah. And I'm fighting, all his body part. He's all shacking. I'm gonna, I gotta get it all slide. I'm ready for the next one. We'll definitely go back up. All right, Jack, we have a session. You're there. Come on. 9.445. 60 WDQA. Did I mention that I'm out of the market? I should probably mention that. I told George that before the show. Out of the market. Let's hear it. All right. I just, uh, I've lost enough. You know, you just have to, somebody told me that last year. Remember I got very pissed on the collar and I got all bent out of shape. He said, just you're not going to make the money back. Just, uh, get out now while it gets good. Take it out. You didn't lose anymore than that, but I've lost enough to, uh, make you cry. And based on the, uh, first of all, the fraud with a mirror lynch, which is just a tip of the iceberg. Based on the fact that everybody's crap in their pants waiting for the next, uh, terrorist attack if there is one. Or for like, uh, maybe nuclear war between Indian Pakistan or whatever else is going on. It's all too fragile. And then it's all built on a deck of cards. It's all being manipulated by a bunch of greedy insiders. And the average Joe out there, unlike what it used to be years ago, you haven't got a Chinaman's chance unless it just blind luck. I was taken before the show today, speaking of that Stephen Schmuck with a DEL Spots. Remember all those spots we had there when the big, uh, Interdit bubble was building. We had, we had all those spots for a mirror trade and all the other dot. Uh, the other dot. Yeah, air at doospaq.com and horsecraft dot com and and phony baloney dot com. And every other time you turn around, here was another 80 million of those spots. And Clinton was doing a thing with a guy from my, hey, you're right the way the future, all that other crap. Well, you don't see any of that anymore. Probably because most of the day traders are committed to a side by now. Pretty hard to find those gay traders out to that. So I'm out of the market. Oh, something if it goes through the roof, you can thank me because that's, that's a story of my life. But I really care. Just like the guy said in kukus nest. I want my cigarettes. I want my money. If I get 1%. If I get a half a one percent. If I get nothing, if it's just there when I need it someday, like soon. But that's all I care about. I just want to give a, I'll figure out any more of it away. I'll say it again. The stock market is Las Vegas without the good time. That's all the days. It's for suckers. It's for fools. It's a shell game. It's a con game. It's a scam. And like I said, if you thought that the, the thing with the mirror lunch was a big deal, you ain't seen nothing yet. That was just a tip of the iceberg. Speaking of tips. This is why I keep interrupting because I wanted to be sure and tell the story. And I am luckily I wrote notes. French toilets. Okay. Now you're not going to, you know what I'm going to talk about? No. My landlord told me this and his, uh, living lady, his wife. He's, his wife. She's not his wife. But anyway, she's a very nice person. They told me this story about French toilets. And I don't want to believe him. But they were so emphatic. And so, uh, detail in their description. And that is that many, including even in some of the cheaper French hotels. A French toilet is in a public place, including some of the cheaper restaurants. So, like a square ceramic thing with a hole in the floor, around hole. Okay. You following this now? No. You've heard that expression squatters, right? All right. Well, that's what you have to do. You have to squat over the hole. Hopefully, that you don't slip in fall, of course. In other words, then, of course, even the paper goes right in the, and then when you're done, there's like in many of these establishments. There's a big bucket of water. I don't know who's job it is to keep the buckets filled. But anyway, you take the bucket of water and you, you splooosh it down to the hole. And you splooosh it all away. And that's a French toilet. Your, kidding me. I'm not talking about, I'm not talking about like an French home. I'm not saying that they don't have like irregular European toilets with the chain or whatever you use, you know. But in many establishments, including even some like cheaper French hotels, you'll find, if you're looking for the, uh, personal and bus, forget about it. You'll find the old hole in the ground. You've heard of the hole in the wall, so it's the old, a hole in the floor with a splash guard. Right. The old glory hole in the floor. Unbelievable. Okay. Here's our pull question for today. Which of these phrases or expressions is the most redundant? Schwarzier crack addict. The mic can have to spell Schwarzier. Yeah, he'll kill me. No, he won't. S-H-V-A-R-Z-E-R. I want to spell the way. Although, it's probably there should be a T in their tuition, isn't it? S-H? No, there's no C in Schwarzier. Would you get with it? There's in Schwarz? Where does the, where does the C come from in Schwarz? I don't know. S-H-V-A-R-T. Listen, we spell the words the way I make about this show. Okay. S-H-V-A-R-Z-E-R. There probably should be a T, but just, I don't like that. Schwarzier crack addict. Silly Brit, BRIT, Dumb Redneck, Jewating Arab, Historical Old Julio, Religious Fanatic, Pedophile Priest, Chief French Canadian, Rudd Dutchman, oh, I'm poor, they are Rudd, man. They are just, but you know something, I'm getting them with their own game now. I get off the tram, I just elbow them out of the way. Pardon? Excuse me. So that's just the way survived, they're Rudd, baby. And here's a good one, a boring baseball game. He left through on group out. And what is that? Chief Jew. I mean, there we go again. Don't we have Chief somebody else on here? Chief French Canadians, French Canadians. Oh, he's got the Jews beat, okay? And I'm not a Chief Jew. I know you're not. Well, so that's the real time point. We already got, you wanted to pick on a Jews here. That's the one we're dealing with. You got everybody else on there? You could have Arab hating Jew. Jew hating Arab, Arab, and I Arab hating Jew is no fun. That was, that was going along on such a rule here in Thlavus. And you wanted to get your anti-Semitism involved in this poor guy. You were anti-Semitism involved in this poor guy. Let him have their job by air. He's a Robert. Hit him with a couple of stalemate balls, baby. Professional Jew. Freaking a spick. Which of these phrases are expressions as the most redundant? Schwarz are crack addict. I'm doing my list, okay? I saw what you do for polls on that thing yesterday. Okay, with Gary Coleman. That was enough for me. When you're ID of poll, they wanted it. Believe me, I do good poll. Trust me. That's what everybody told me in Amsterdam. I'm coming back for more. You worry about smoking your pot. I worry about my poll. Which of these phrases are expressions as the most redundant? Schwarz are crack addict. Now, is that a racist thing? Am I going to be accused of racism by putting that on? Yeah, I don't know. You're big it. Go. I don't know it. Okay. Silly Brit. Dumb Redneck. Jew hating Arab. Historical old Julio. Well, see, I'd like to put one for like the old Jews, but cheap isn't the word. Do we want cheap old Jews? Sure. Okay. I mean, it's soft Florida. That certainly goes with the territory. cheap old Jews. Religious fanatic. Pedophile priest. cheap French Canadian. Root Dutchman, which won't get too many because we don't have too many people understand from like what that's all about. Or a boring baseball game, which I think probably deserves a few votes because that seems to me to be redundant. I think I'm going to vote for that. Don't forget you got the South Florida baseball team against the red team coming up tonight. In fact, now that I mentioned that, what's that schedule? I'm very West. We got the mad dog and one. We got Hank at three. Everybody's back in order there. I noticed that Mo gave us a nice little partner this morning. Everything is fine now with Mo. Everything. Did you straighten that all out while I was gone? Let's pick what out. The problem that you created there with me, my good friend Mo. Good Jewish boy from New York. I don't know what you're talking about. Well, I think you just said something about cheap Jew. Mad dog at one Hank at three. We got the a pregame show at 630 or South Florida baseball team against the red. The baseball team was like, was it 5 and 9 under 14 game road trip? Is that correct, Robert? Yeah. Now what do you laugh about? The look on his face. Why? You're forcing him to care and remember whatever else? What do you mean by that? He's a sports. He still works that morning. Show until when you leave in Robert? Um, August. Oh, not your longest on plenty of time to get your life screwed up. Robert's bailing out. Let's hear it for Robert. Oh, he's bailing out of that toilet. Anybody who leaves that place, we said them are best wishes and cue regulations. Uh, any K after the baseball game, then joy mark overnight. Thanks again to Joe Costello for a fill in in there with George. While I was gone, I'm sure he really improved the quality of that show tremendously. Or not as a case, maybe. I don't know. How did it go? Just fine. Wonder bar. Yeah. Let's have a look at that. I mean, let's hear from the audience. What do you say folks? How to go? 567. I'm not going to do that. I'm not going to do that. Do you think I'm out of my mind? I've got to, I have, it's almost the end of the first hour. I haven't even got to one of my stories here yet. Unless you count to dirty dancing, thing is one of the stories. I can't find a story about that because it's too dated now. It's several days old. Damn it. I wish I wish you a little bit. I believe me. You'd wish you to see those two because there was some really heavy, heavy duty stuff going on in there. Heavy, heavy duty. Call up Bill O'Reilly. These are good pal. To be who hate Bill O'Reilly like I used to. And the reason that he won't do a damn thing with this radio show he's doing against Rush. The reason he won't do it is because he's not a real believer. He's strictly showbiz. And all of this stuff that he says, you know, he doesn't really believe it. He just says it to be outrageous. And he acts indignant and how can you really be saying that? He doesn't believe it. And it's all strictly showbiz. Whereas with Rush, he's an idealog man. He believes it released up. The his ditto heads. The people who listen to Rush. They believe that he believes. They believe that he and I'm sure he does. He believes his own bookcraft. Just like the stories about Hillary killed this one and Boba killed that. All of the Boba mice he's dead. It was passed in a long there for a couple years. Till he couldn't hear it anymore. But the ditto heads. See they figured they got a real believer. He's not a true believer. Like a pap you can. For example, there's a real Nazi for you. G Gordon, lady, my close personal friend. There's a real fascist. Well, a mouse eating ready eating fascist with a mustache to prove it. Exactly. Can't a set of better myself. How come how come it is that we got back and forth now? I mean, like I can hear everything that you're saying. I'm like problems. We had in previous weeks. And like you just dropped that drum roll in there. Everything sounds like we're in the same place. And like you just dropped that drum roll in there. Everything sounds like we're in the same room together. And you're telling me we're having technical dropouts and stuff. You're dropping up. But you know what? I'm not sensing any kind of a delay today between us. Right, which is unusual. I've got to have the little dropout as long as you tell me. I'd rather have it like on a simultaneous like this. And you're right. We don't have the delay. So if that's the tradeoff that we have to decide. Of course, I can't tell the dropout because I'm not hearing it. I'm only based on what you're all are. Yeah. And we'll miss a word or a syllable here and there. Well, like how often every three to five minutes. I thought we were going to say every three to five words. Although that would be a lesson. Hey, listen, they should kiss the ground. In fact, the very ground that I was sitting on a floor here while poor Julio was sweating over a guy named Hot Cellphone yesterday. And here, I'm telling you, I don't want I'm not looking for sympathy. But believe me, if you could have seen whatever I went, Jarrations on a floor spinning around like a cradle in front of this dancing. And what the hell do I know about this? It's a good thing I have a little bit of technical something or rather, you know? Because I had to go through a big song dance and recalibrating this and recalibrating that and Pushing this button and Pushing that one and back and forth and up the old deal. And here we are. And based on what I'm hearing, it sounds sensational. Sounds fun. Yeah, this is the way it should sound. I'm not talking about the drop out. I think it's correct that that would be a nice bonus in other words, if it sounds perfect. But this sure is how beats that delay problem we had before. Oh, that was driving me crazy. See, I think now that we like recalibrated both on both of our ends, whatever the frequency is that we're, and I know nothing about this stuff about on the phone line. I think now that we did that we're like on the same wavelength. I love it. Well, I don't want to be on the same wavelength with you, but nevertheless, I'll try to quite a lot and find some Jews during lunch hour. 9.50. So I'll go out to the pickled barrel to the deli and see if I can sure some still moths of all of it to help. Cross most of them are from, in the anyway. But assure a lot of people from India here, you know that. So you've told us. Don't tell the packies that. 9.57 at 5.60. WQM when you shop for quality, footwear, selection, professional service are always important consideration. But the most important thing, the bottom line to most shopper is out there is price, which is why you ought to be hitting immediately if not suited at brandy's shoes. At brandys will find the biggest selection of men's who women choose the best service in the best prices under the sun period. And we're talking about not some of the second kind of names, but we're talking about the top quality names in a business like rockport, SAS, Spiries, Timberland, Naturalizer, and lots more. And with a huge selection of brandys, chances are you're never going to hear any of the sales holes say, sorry, we don't have that style in your size. In fact, brandys is so popular, their customers keep coming back again and again and keep buying several pair in each visit. Brandys is open daily 9 to 9 Sundays 10 till 5 and you'll find Brandys at 1290 North Federal Highway in Pompano Beach. Be sure to tell that Neil sent your window to get this week. SAS shoes around Salad Brandys say 15 to $35 and take another $5 off on the second pair. Only this one. We'll purchase necessary. We're going to have a C-Sword display for official rules and in-reform. This is your boss on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs. They don't come any better than Neil Roger. We put a retarded girl in our own and the shoes who be shade to show you how well it drives. Look at her go. This is funnier than watching retires at the park. If someone had severely retarded, you can have that much fun and enjoy. She's very talented. She's having a lot of things. It's a 10 o'clock at 5.60 WDQM. I was just about to reach back here on this back-smachine. And see what this is. Welcome back. You should have stayed out another week. The newspapers were growing and covering up a lot of what happened. I worked at Festival of Retused Stabbing. The slug fest between six black females against one and only two better rested. There were over 100 arrests and Neil ride. If a work for the show forced by the Miami Beach stormtroopers, there would have been a ride. Not to mention all the businesses that lost two demands of money. By shoplifters and looters, although it was better than last year but not by much. Thanks Rick. Sorry Rick. Sorry you had to put up with that crap. See I don't want to start in with this racial thing. Why is it that when you, if there were like a whole bunch of white people got together there, nobody would have said O.G. when Lopper didn't have the last year. It's kind of like an expectation that we set up. It's part of what racist America is all about. You set up the expectation that if you have a whole bunch of black folks in a very small area in a restricted area, in a short period of time, that they're going to be X number of people gets dead. Maybe a couple gets shot and a couple hundred get arrested. In fact, where'd it go? It's my story on it. I might as well get it out of the way if I can find it. Or Rosie looks at Lisa and dim light, Liza. Did you see that? No. Well, you know something that's the best way to look at Liza and Lianvry dim light. I thought she was a professional Fag Hag Liza. Well, they have a little problem. Oh, maybe we'll get to that. You know something, maybe we'll get to all these stories tomorrow. The way this show is going. Because I got so damn much stuff. We got a piece of bad news, by the way. Okay. I guess somebody facts this to you. This thing about Bury or Watson. I guess I don't remember from 7th. Oh, yes. Yes. Very Watson former star of Warner Brothers hit show 7th heaven has been diagnosed with Hodgkin's disease. The 20 year old anchor paid the eldest son Matt Camden on the series. He begins treatment this week. And both he and his doctors are extremely optimistic about a full recovery. Watson's publicist Robin bomb said in the statement on Wednesday of last week. No other details were released about his condition. Where he'd received treatment for cancer of the lymph system. The season finale Watson's last appearance is regular on 7th heaven and aired on Monday. The episode centered on his character marrying his sweetheart Sarah played by Sarah Danielle Madison. And official with spelling television which produces the show said the decision is to whether Watson will return for guest appearances next season is not been made. Watson's been a regular on the show since it began in 1996. He also appeared in a handful of films most recently. Sir, we're ready boys. Little piece of bad news. All of you know, I guess the same that Mario had Hodgkin's disease, Robert. He's taken. I guess it is. And he's fine. And by the way, the reason that Mario quit the game is exactly the same reason that the game sucks right now. Gary Bettman, you stupid little Joe, you pathetic little thing. Nice going there. Ron McLean, ripping Gary Bevin and asked a couple weeks ago on one of the games on hockey night and can't. Nice going there, Ronnie. With that little idiot and asked. All are clutching and agrabbing and are holding. I mean, what the hell's the point even playing the game? When 95% of the game is played against the boards and there's no action going on there. And I just mentioned this in passing. Peter Ford's bird wouldn't have come back after missing the whole season injured. You think, Colorado still be going. Oh, much less have a three to two lead net the series. Unbelievable. I'm referred to not going off the ridwings. At any rate, hip hop event ends in harmony. Now it's interesting because the article that I looked up yesterday in a Harold had a totally different tone to it. Emphasizing more than number of arrests. But the article in a Sun Sentinel this morning, since we want to be more timely, says hip hop event ends in harmony. Everybody be loving each other, baby. We be loving it. It says what a difference having a plan makes. A year ago, Miami Beach officials were so unprepared for the quarter-maiden hip hop fans who ported into South Beach over the Memorial Day weekend that the police were overwhelmed and the city was forced to rewrite its book on handling big events. Now that the holiday weekend is coming on South Beach, city officials and civic leaders say the second hip hop invasion was an unqualified success. Oh, right. That's doing it again. Oh, right. And we can have to that. Oh, right. Six weeks from South Shivou is right. The large crowds were back but in contrast to last year, the three-day party was in enjoyable and relaxed affair. There's no comparison said Bobby Hernandez booked him from Miami Beach Police. It was an absolute great experience to be able to go out there this weekend and talk to people and see what a great time that we're having as opposed to last year when it was about crowd control. The proof is in the numbers it says. Who wrote this crap? David Kazarez. I never saw that in my life. The CAs, the A-R-E-S and the the Ascento is over the first A. You said it right. Kazarez. Well, I know that's why I said it that way because it's got the Ascento. What kind of a strange name is that? I don't know. I don't know. Was that that before? Like maybe Peruvian or something like that? Could they? I think it's a Peruvian is what it seems like to me. And what do we know about those Peruvians? Not too much, except they like their Lima beans. And they have Harry Toes. Yeah. Bad, like that kid that worked at Wami. And we might remember Wami? Oh, good. We're more ecstatic. I shouldn't probably be talking about it out loud. According to Hernandez, my maybe police made 94 restaurants from Thursday through Monday afternoon down from 149 during the same period last year. Let's hear it, only 94. Although the total number of arrests won't be available until sometime later today, chances are good. The final telly will be fewer than the 199 arrests police made last year in total. In most cases, the arrest is here. Be far less serious offenses last year when there were tense confrontations between Revolors and police Hernandez said. Last year since we were a show so short staff, we couldn't enforce the minor offenses like loud music. He said, if you've got 40 guys fighting in the middle of Washington Avenue, you're not going to arrest somebody for smoking marijuana. You had to look the other way. But this year, we had enough officers to address those issues. Oh, and by the way, did not have it on the air or did I read it on the plane about the fact that the U.S. is cracking down there threatening Canada with sanctions if they criminalized pot. You were talking about it on the air right before you left yet. How do you like that for a son of a bitch? This country not only continues with their repressive, our kick, idiotic, draconian laws, their drug laws, but they're also trying to put the muscle. And while I was in Amsterdam, you'd be pleased to know that the big big articles and all the London papers, all the British papers about the fact that they're like, they're just looking the other way. They're not even moisting their time right in the tickets out anymore. They're just ignoring it. You can't put everybody in jail, okay, Uncle Sam, right here on the heels of Memorial Day where supposed to be so patriotic and waving a flag about freedoms and all the people who die to keep our freedoms. One freaking freedom. That's what we're asking, okay, exactly. Kill that crap. What freedoms? Freedom to go to jail is what they're talking about for smoking a little guy damn wacky weed. Maybe because the city implemented a major events plan that put 400 police, you know something I'm in a mood for a turtle ice cream, you know? Stop. It just hit me right in the middle of talking about that. We see, you don't have to smoke it to get the much he's from it. Just thinking about it. Just talking about that wicked weed. Or making you get the much he's and you'll go run into the convenience store by all kinds of crap. You buy a bunch of bunch of bunch of a Ben and Jerry's fish food. And you'll be putting in the microwave for like 34 seconds of getting it tempered to just the right consistency and suck it at down. And your blood sugar will go skyrocketing and then some day you're going to die. In fact, I want to go on a year right here today. First day after vacation and after the holiday, I want to be on the year. The first one to tell you, be on a shadow about it. I conducted my own personal scientific study and if you eat Ben and Jerry's ice cream, you will die someday. Guaranteed? Guaranteed? Depend on it. Like Mike Disney used to say, depend on boy. My pissed off about that party radio thing. What are going to kick our anster Mario? And you know something? We deserve it. We deserve a Greg Reid deserves to get his ass kicked with all the screw in around it's gone on since way back in October when he started with that first team crap. You know, when you drop a guy down from an idiot's story building, how about that? Those people had dropped that dog. Did you see that story? Yeah. I got that story. I hope I don't have time to get to it. People like that need to be shot. No questions as just blow them away. Dig a hole in the ground or not as the case may be. We can largely win smoothly because the city implemented a major events plan. I've put 400 police officers from Miami Beach and date County on the streets. Goodwill ambassadors made up about 200 the date county and city. County and city my mean employees patrol the beach to give directions. Help the intoxicated and chew people out of the street. The city also made sure code enforcement parking and sanitation person. Now we're out in force to make sure the city didn't look like a mess by weekends. And as it did last year, when the city was completely trashed and and they said those efforts One high marks from business officials and residents and George says, thank God there was no weekends there. Yeah, there were. Oh, we're there. Sure. That's why I said that. Now what is it about Puerto Ricans and blacks? There seems to be this like especially in New York for example in a Bronx. I guess because they live like in post proximity. Yeah, I was happy because they won't let the Puerto Ricans in the Harlem or what is what? What's the question? It was very subdued and well handled by the city said David Kelsey president of the South Beach. So I can't believe how good this sounds today that we're like actually doing a show in the old. Let's see March April and most of May we've gone through three months of mine. I'm able to be in here in New York and saying what is it? And today it's like just like I'm sitting right there like it's supposed to be God damn it. No talking all over each other. Thank God for Julio man. Thank God for fat Julio. I'm getting this all right now yesterday. Why don't you he comes right into the door. Look at that like you summoned him up because my psychic powers just like I mentioned about the norma being on and then yesterday I turned on. Patients and here's norma back again after a long hiatus in the nuthouse and Bellevue and norma cracked a broke out. In fact, if you look at that complex and you'll see she broke out real bad. Anyway, that's the story I'm the South Beach. They had a whole bunch of sparse there and they didn't kill anybody and it won't be a couple of stabbing maybe one whatever you want to believe and it wasn't all that bad. And Rick on a beach is pissed off. I know when I have that awful festival here in Toronto where I think it's coming up in June. Oh, I hope not. I hope it's July. Anybody any of my Canadian listeners who know when at the Ross the Festival. What do they call it? I'm the Carolina. Anybody knows the date for that. Please back to me immediately. If not soon or so, I'm not going to be here that weekend. I think it's in June. Rimes with... Tune. What I'm asking is what an... And it's the same thing that compare how many people got shot from last year. How many people got shot this year. It's unacceptable and the behavior that goes on. Oh my god. I just am not buying it. So I just don't accept that. The idea that because you're a different skin color or different background, that that entitles you to behave in some kind of an aberrant, gross, test way. I'm just not buying it. It's unacceptable. Is that a debatable point? No, thank you for agreeing with me. Let's get back to the thing about French toilets. I can't get over that. Medical examiner may rule today in the Levy case. Here it is. It's already. We're coming up on the first break in our second hour. We haven't even talked about Sean Reigh yet. And to prove to you, let's see. I wonder what the name of that thing is. Just a minute. Oh, here it is. Just to prove to you that not everything is as bad as it seems. And now an update on the Sean Reigh Levy story. See, now you probably think that that bit is obsolete. Of course not. But if you stop it there, you say they found the body. But what do they know about it? Nothing. Absolutely nothing. See? More or less later. I've gone here. Newlight's here. And he hasn't lost the touch of the old man. How do you like that? As long as he's got that guy damn pause button. Don't let me forget about the Sean Reigh Levy thing. It's a brief story. Okay. And then we'll get to the bad story. Oh, and then we'll want about the bushmaster. Robert will have to hide under the board when I get to that one. I sniff some politics with that craze look on his face. Hey, I hate to break the news to you, Robert. But there's one word for our president. You know what that word is? I think you've got it in there somewhere, George. Yeah? He begins with an S. S***. No. No, that's terrible. That's so wrong. Stupid is what I was thinking of. Oh. Now, see, didn't say that was wrong. That is. What? Wrong. Are you going to start arguing politics now? You still got to be there to the August Robert. Stupid. Ha ha ha ha. You know something I kind of like that mo. You know, I think the mo I hear him. I think absence makes the heart grow funnier. He'll be all right. It took him a while to get used to the lay of the land. He seemed to me I could be wrong. But it seems that he's like warming up a little bit again. Maybe it's because you were in your work and you know, maybe he was listening to your show. But I doubt it. I doubt it. F***. Oh, look at this. The congressman's notice up a rondy for the past year is to not talk to the press to avoid cameras and issue statements asserting sympathy through his spokesman in attorneys. It's what he did last week. Oh, look at that. The market just took a big dump. It was up the futures were way up there. What did I tell ya? And as that's already down 15 the S&P underline the poor part is down a few points. It's not good, baby. It's not good. Put it on your mattress. Do anything with it. Stick it under a rock. Everyone of you got protect yourself. Don't get sucked into this guy damn con game. Don't let that morita bar uh butterromo. Get just sucked into buying a bunch of crap because that's what their crap peddlers each and everyone those people. 1013 already at 560 WQM. Think in a penny your homer business. Don't paint. Protect your investment with. Liquid ceramic. Liquid ceramic. The technology born in NASA space program is available right now in South Florida. Liquid ceramic is the most advanced exterior interior and roof coating available. You too can have the same high-tech ceramic technology that shields the space shuttle protect your homer building. And you'll never ever have to paint again. You heard right. Liquid ceramic is guaranteed for as long as you own your homer building. So forget about repeating every few years. Liquid ceramic won't fade. It won't peel its guaranteed. The state of the art coating yields an R24 insulation equivalency helping you bring down his electric bills as well. Liquid ceramic is available over 1800 different colors. So check out Liquid ceramic 2 day by calling 305-347-5122. Liquid ceramic's been manufactured and sold for over 40 years in South Florida. Call 305-347-5122. That's 305-3475122 are visit among the net at least. Look with ceramic.tv. And be sure to tell him that Uncle Neal told you to call or Or say The show in March of overnight science sports radio 5-6 e-fuel. You way yeah Muck it baby From an early age John Edward this will be remarkable psychic abilities. He can with you night people in the physical world with those who have crossed over. Hi welcome to crossing over. I'm John Edward. John Edward connects with a woman who really speaks her mind. I'm ready to begin. Is there Stacy or Stevie? What does this mean? No. There's a bill connection also to the family. No. Or Billy or those like a B-name like Bill. Uh-uh. Okay. And Pauline or Paul La, or P-L-R, there's like a few else sounds. No. Um, there's no like a J-O connection. They're like a name that would be like, Joni or J-N-E, or... Nope. That means there's a B-R connection you're family also. Uh-uh. What's your first name? Mary. Say it again. My name's Mary. Do you have a different name? You're full of crap. Is your mom not your mom? No idea what you're talking about. Don't stand this. I don't need any eggs. I'm John Edward. Thanks for watching. Let's see next time. I'll cross over. 10-18-5-16. If you're happy to, did you? Man, it's beautiful here. God, looking out this window. It's like just waiting to go to heaven. What about those leaves? Do you think they're gonna win tonight? Nope. What is Robert thing? Nope. Ha ha ha. How come I already knew that? Well, how do you know that? Based on what? Uh, go Archie and Weexy. Based on the fact that they've scored five goals in five games in a series, but the fact that it matter isn't spite of that, they're still in it. That's the amazing part. We got the big cigar choppin' fat coach back in here tonight, which probably is not that good. Get the lineup right, Pat. Get the lineup right, that big good start. I love Pat Quinn, but he's a little bit, you know. When he got that high blood sugar, that's up to Brown's 70-100 all the time. By the way, we are willing to take some spiry ports about to last the seven or eight, and how many has it been? Seven shows, seven. That Joe and George did, and of course we're not going to take them on the phone because that would require taking calls which would be cruel and unusual punishment, and even a bush-licker like Robert doesn't deserve that. So if you want to facts this and believe me, you see a lot of people probably are holding back whatever they want to say because they figure that George will intercept their facts, and he won't send it to me. George will send any and all facts about the, uh, the show the last week to right here, or else. And Robert's watching within Eagle Eye. What? I always do. No, you don't. This is the grip. Me, I do all the time. Oh. Well, how do I know that? It's a stack. No. Ha ha. So if you want to send us a facts about how this show was, see the only problem being, like, look at the pool. See, I can always tell because it takes about a week to get the audience back. I shouldn't probably say that, but it's true. Which of these phrases or expressions is the most redundant? Cheap old Joe, I've told you that had to be on air is leading with nine, but of course the reason that's because George was just doing the show the last week. See what I'm saying, Robert? Uh-huh. All the anti-semites are listening. For example, Jew-hating era of there's only one. What do you expect? When you got nothing but Palestinians left listening now, what do you expect on there out of 43 votes? Cheap old Jew-9, pedophile priest eight, religious fanatic seven, dumb redneck. That was my vote six. Boring baseball game five, cheap French Canadians for a hysterical old Julio III. Jew-hating era one. And none yet for silly bread, schvarts are crack addict or rude Dutchman. Schvarts are crack addict, I'm shocked he said, and it doesn't look right. I think it needs a T in air, Eric. I don't want to like, you know, you may have to push that over a little bit too far, but it needs a T in there between the R and the Z. It just doesn't look right to me. Huh? Even Mr. T wouldn't look right without the T. So it sent all those facts as 305, 650, 0198. Let's get this by reports. If we got anybody to listen? Yeah, I mean, labor day ever, more wasn't, more old day, whatever. The moral day it was brutal. There was nobody to listen to me yesterday. Nope. We weren't even supposed to be having a show yesterday. If it was like, and then we had, who was it? Mark, Mark and the crew do in six to nine yesterday morning. Well, by crew, if you include board up, that makes two of them. Well, who, oh, brother. I mean, I like Mark Eisenberg like I said he's a nice guy, but as he belonged on you. Anyway, here's the fact that his Haney, I was one of those evil-doing hip-hoppers who attended South Beach this weekend. I'm in a local rap group, Ground Hogs, that's with two G's and a Z, Ground Hogs, and we were promoting our music on a sidewalks. We have T shirts with the same logo for our group and we pass out CDs. To make a long story short, Miami's gang unit task force approached us with no questions through us to the floor and searched our pockets. They said we were a gang and took two of the members to jail for half a joint, which they found in their pockets. See, this goes back into that store where they said, oh, this year, that goodness they had time to search for the wicked weed. Because they have enough manpower. Congratulations, so we're going to beat you assholes. It says with total disregard to correct procedures and arresting someone, the Miami Beach Police just got two hard criminals off the street. You know, weed smoking terrorist supporting rappers, if the police signs something I can't read. The facts crap out here. Which is probably just as well. I can't read his name. But his message is if the police, to which we say, right on sweetheart. Shaking people down for a little goddamn pin joint. What they'll as wrong with you assholes. You got nothing better to do over there. You jerks. You silly people. I don't see any facts as pouring in about your performances past. What? I didn't need to do I. Not a one. There is a one person out there in a Saudi. This has got any commentary on the show with George and Joe. Maybe he'll find his 501. Maybe nobody was listening. That could be it. Or maybe they all liked it. So well, see the problem is, I don't want to go into it. See the problem is in the first few days. It's always the people who call it. Oh, George, it's such a wonderful job. Which I'm sure he did. No, I'm sure that's fine. Maybe you're not. I don't know. But then as the rest of the audience starts coming back, the people who hate you like poison, then it changes. So I probably shouldn't be asking those questions to like about a week later. Follow what I'm saying. Like maybe next Monday I'll take that pool. Okay. And see how did it go? Did you listen? Did you hate it? And tie some of the tie rates, etc. And so on. Medical examiner may rule today in Levy case. Speaking of Jews, Levy case. Yeah, underline the Levy part. Tap into an anti-Semitic frenzy. Here's another one. He says, imagine this, the police chief of Miami's bookshelf. What is it? The police chief of Miami's bookshelf. I can't, what does this say? Could you read this writing? It looks like bookshelf to me. I can't read the name. He says, how to hit a large group of white people and others says, oh, I see. I see one manual. I can't read your writing sucks by the way, sir. The point is excellent, but you're writing blows. One manual says, how to hit a large group of white people. The other says, how to hit a large group of black people. Why are there always problems in the black form in large groups? Trib mentality? Maybe they shouldn't do any more events. This is another black eye in the hardworking and honest people of the black community. No more black events. It says, that's right. That's a good idea. Why do we have to have just black events? Why can't we have? It's because it's a hip hop thing. How come they're not on a whole bunch of white punks? They're when it's hip hop thing. They don't want to get killed. I saw some when they had the pictures in the picture. Were they doing dirty dancing? Well, they were on the beach. I can't believe we haven't had a bunch of facts about the dirty dancing story. You know, you people in South Florida, maybe they blocked that out. Maybe Governor Jebster blocked it out and censored it from being on the news because you didn't want to offend your sensibilities. Because that would be eating and abetting terrorism by watching a bunch of kids doing dirty dancing. Almost simulating sex events and if they had their clothes off, it would be touching and probably making babies and things like that. Medical examiner may rule in Levy case today. Washington DC Medical Examiner Jonathan Arden has expected issues sometime today his ruling on how Sean Relievee died. What you shocked when they found that body by the way? She died? Arden has told the Washington Post that his ruling will not necessarily be based on lab tests although they could be performed at a later date. Today is also the day that Levy's family will hold a memorial service in their home town, Modesto, California. Many family spokesman Judy Smith says that while the family's been in seclusion since Levy's remains were found last Wednesday, giving a grieving in private the death is a tragedy felt throughout Modesto. The entire community has been involved in this grieving with the Levy said Modesto, that sounds like an excellent running show. That sounds like an infirty of each show. I don't want to sound insensitive but they've been on so God damn much not the last year, grieving with the Levy's, at least in many series, right after sign held. Says Modesto Mayor Carmen Sevettino, a great many people in this community will be attending the memorial he says. CBS News correspondent Melissa McDermott reports authorities expect about 1500 people at the service tonight. I think people need closure, says one Modesto resident Jerry Martin, people need to come together and just support one another because it could happen anybody anywhere. A Washington Police say they recovered about 96% of Levy's remains. Doug, Dr. Douglas Ubalacher, a former anthropologist at the Smithsonian Institution, tells CBS News that even bones can provide potentially valuable clues. The skeletons got a lot of stories to tell if he had the science to unlock the language and allowed to speak properly, says Ubalacher. Washington Police Chief Charles Ramsey says he believes the search for evidence in Rock Creek Park. The place where Levy's remains were found is just about over, but place are making a final sweep of the area just to be sure. They sure did a good job the first time, didn't they? Or, or do you think that possibly the body was moved there? Huh? It's entirely possible. Yeah. Especially after the one grad that they found had tried to rape those two women in the same park right, the serial killer. Maybe it's your off the path a little bit. However, did you hear what Chondos friends had to say about her running in the park? No. That she would never ever do that. That they tried repeatedly to get her to go jogging with them, run hated running, hated jogging, hated. And how come she was looking up the, the Klingle mansion thing on that website that morning and then just happened to be going over there and let's, unless perhaps somebody invited her to be there, huh? Right. Right there. And Quiring minds want to know because then we're just now getting this Chondros thing all stoked up again. And you know, is that all the familiar faces including what's the name of that lawyer Mark something rather than mustache the one for, uh, Condon his lawyer? I don't know. You know the one I'm talking about? I know you're talking about ours. Oh my god, he just, he makes me ill. I just see him and I get physically ill. What a glib smooth talking of, not just son of a bitch. He is. Whatever his name is. Another media horror. But at least we can get some fun with this now. 1027 at 560 WQM. If you want to have a great meal and have some fun at the same time, Armadillo Cafe is that place and has been for a couponsage now for a long time. Armadillo Cafe is an institution in South Florida and now they're in a great new location in the Pizza law Plaza in a less, 3400 South University drywrecking on Perwine imports just the South of 595 in debut between 595 and Griffin Road. The food at the Armadillo Cafe is unbelievable. If you haven't eaten there what you waiting for, they were there on debut road extension for a long time and now they're in an even better new location. Start out with an appetizer like the Tequila Grill Trim with Corncakes or the Tempura Island Princess Conk. Then order one of their terrific spinach salads with glazed pecans and a pistachio crested mozzarella salad with lemon basal dressing. The enthrase are prepared with a best and freshest ingredients that money can buy. Try the pan-seared yellow snapper. The yellow tail snapper with roasted peppers or the sea bass with sweet corn and veal glaze. Choose from dozens of other mouthwatering enthrase and a big menu and for dessert. It will knock your eyes and your socks up. Sample the Armadillo Crembroulet or the warm chocolate fritters covered in hot budge. I can't do that. I can't talk about warm chocolate fritters covered in hot budge without starting to get a little bit of a jonesing and a need. I mean a need. Call Armadillo Caffey for reservations at 9.54. 4.2399.954. That's 9.54. 4.2399.50. 4. 4. 4. 14 years in a row and you know why they get voted that because they are. Armadillo Caffey is a small free plenty of free parking as well as complementing your ballet park and two. Check them out on the web if you like it. ArmadilloCaffey.com. I'm sure you're in tell them that old Neil sent you by. They'll take extra good care of you. Eat in real style at one of the true gourmet restaurants of stuff. I just want to contract them. And the best interest of the goal. We've done it 10 on SportsReview 560. Neil. Neil. I do not support the public education system. I think it's a terrible thing for several reasons. First of all, I go into these schools and I meet teachers that are a joke. The kids don't have any of the kind of you know drugs. They need to you know get ready for exams. Whether there's a big debate. Do we try to put in more public resources to fix our schools? No. Or do we take public dollars away from the public school system and give them to you know the school of the church of the white supremacist? Well, I'm sure. 1031. Thanks, Wolverine. 1031 at 560W. And by the way, Wolverine. You're gay. Well, I had that cute up so I might as well play it anyway for the next fact. It says so is my Piazza gay. I'd like to know. And it's signed. Thank you, Brady Anderson. In that cute. It says George was great like always in needs of raising. I don't know George facts is to me twice. Oh, that it didn't go through the first time. Yeah. That was not by intention. It was just an accident that it says George was great like always in needs of raising. You're just as good as it had to have it. It's to me twice and by the way. Okay. Here's that story that I've been holding off as long as I cook because I want to store when they need you pressing stuff in the beginning after a holiday. This is from the inquire or so you don't must be the MS baby. And I still can't those pictures. Oh, these pictures will make you sicker though. They're more grotesque than even those death pictures of Harrison Cleabel. Brittany and Justin are back in stink. If you can see the picture of her here, you'd leave the room. You just go running in the breeze with your something hanging between your knees. You'd lose your mind. This picture of her could be the best picture that in fact, you know what you ought to do as soon as the show is over. Although you what you because that would require spending money. Yeah. You call to call up Captain Singer. What's the other guy that brings us all the magazines? Oh, Bill for Anderson news Bill for Anderson news. The next one is flower. Huh? I miss him dearly. Well, whatever happened to him. I said, I less since I left town. He can't be bothered. Video you're smiling. I said, since I'm doing a show out of town. But anyway, this is the June or something or other. I wish they put the damn dates on on the pages would be a nice idea. It's the current issue of the National Enquirer, which they don't put the dates on the goddamn pages. I'll go buy it. It's the one that's got the Columbine killers, the exclusive on a front page with the gray bloody pictures with them, with their heads lying in a pool of blood and shot guns and all of the kinds of weapons laying in all around because that's the American F and way. It's for a bunch of gun nuts. Oh, sorry Robert. Look at a surgical technique straightens curved penis. Well, that's nice. We'll say that for a little bit later on. Not one facts about money. We had that one that wanted to look you asked about George and Joe doing a show. That's because after yesterday, they assume I'm on vacationing in all this week. I'm sure the station been running the usual tremendous promotional thing saying, hey, Neil's back from vacation. We've been telling everybody. Well, no, but they only made a label. What could is that, too? Oh, that's right. Nobody was listening. What about the other 90% of the audience that wasn't listening those seven shows? And especially yesterday. And especially yesterday do you think anybody was listening yesterday? Oh, I know. Perfect. What? So what am I telling you? The station probably does the most piss poor job of pruning anything. It's a freaking miracle that we have any numbers that we have anybody listening at all. How many votes we got on a poll so far? Cheap old, you 18. Which of these phrases or expressions is the most redundant? Cheap old, you 18. Religious fanatic 17, pedophile priest 13, as George's influence continues affecting the show. That's what I voted for, by the way. thumb red neck 13. That's what I voted. Boring baseball game 10. I thought you were voting for boring baseball game. You lied. I thought about it. Eight. Do you hate a year of five? Schwarz er crack addict has got three now. hysterical old Julio 3. Silly Britain and rude Dutchman none. Yeah, rude Dutchman is definitely redundant. Anyway, here's the bad news. Oops, they're doing it again. Seriously, this picture of her is, I mean, I'm sure she's got a lot of makeup on in this pictures obvious, but she looks to be the perfect specimen of human femininity of the human female species. And of course, he on the other hand looks like crap. Yeah, he looks just like what he always looks like. Crap. Pure unadulterated crap. Just in tinkerbell. This is what, yeah, looks like crap on two legs. Now, I realize it looks aren't everything. Maybe he's got this gigantic, you know, multicolored penis. I don't know. Maybe that's there's something there that doesn't meet the eye. Maybe he's got a sparkling personality because number one, he don't look good. Number two, he can't sing. Maybe they, maybe they, they share that in common. Either one I'm consing for crap, but at least he looks great. Don't let me forget tomorrow. I want a critique on this picture of Britney Spears. There's a facts from Tom. It's his Ray Harold Frontpage Bush photo. Proo there's no afterlife because these fallen heroes would have never allowed this phony photo op. Okay, Tom, whatever you say. Still not one facts about George and Joe. Number one, nope. Zero, none, no commentary. What does that tell you? We may have to take calls on this. Oops, they're doing it again. Britney Spears and Justin Tinkerbell are back in sync after a pregnancy scare temporarily toward a long time couple of part. And sources say the real reason Justin broke up with Britney was that the pregnancy scare caused you to stop having sex with Justin and their red hot romance turned ice cold. Well, if she thought she was pregnant, what the, what, what, is that like a little bit too late to stop? Well, they're not going to do it anymore. I see. And well, they are according to this. As the inquire reported in late March, 20 year old Britney freaked out when a home pregnancy test came up positive. She later found out she wasn't expecting, but the pregnancy scare put a hex on her and Justin's relationship, a friend of the couple disclosed. Britney and Justin waited the years to be sexually intimate and almost as soon as they were, they had a face to prospect of having a child together before they were really ready. Both of them have hot careers just in started out solo after years with instinct and they both realized that trouble a baby could cause them. Britney was horrified over what her young female fans would think of becoming pregnant outside marriage. Yeah, but at goody, too, she was image she comes while she's shaking her naked ass and big, good, tits in front of your face. I try we can't say tits on a radio. Her whole image is built on her sex appeal and her would be availability to her millions of boy fans if she became a mom her career would be kaput and so would the healthy moral image she's projected for years, the healthy moral image. I'll agree with a healthy part. She's a slut is what she is. A rat. Talk of a baby froze them and they stopped sleeping the other while they dealt with the issue and with their sex life at a standstill just in dumpter ass in the rest of her two. Can you believe that he dumped her? Ready for that? Yeah. I believe it. Oh, and there's a picture in the upper right hand corner, then like line on a beach. And if you think he's ugly with his clothes on, he's got like tattoos. He's got a big like iron cross on his shoulder. He's got a tattoo. I'm telling you, man, 14 pounds of cow excrement look better than just in Tinkerbell. Said another source, Brittany was so afraid of getting pregnant that she was avoiding making love altogether and that's when a frustrated just and decided to break from each other because he was horny wanting to get laid. Went and doubt somebody put out. After the split just in 21 hooked up with Dancer Janet DeWan, who performed with instinct at the Grammy Awards in February and began hitting the strip clubs. Meanwhile Brittany struck up a brief relationship with her own dancer, curly-haired Brian Friedman. Oh, that's not that little faggot. Is it that little Tinkerbell? Maybe she's in a Tinkerbells. And also with the party scene hard, she hit it hard. Brittany was spotted at Trinity LA night clubs like Lost Palmas, guzzling glasses of Dom Perignon champagne and dancing with groups of guys at the source. She looks like zombie charity on passions. She took their phone numbers down as if she was taking applications for potential dates. The partyings started to get too wild to what a control she was trying to drown her sorrows, but it obviously didn't work. So in other words, she was afraid she was going to get knocked up by Justin, but she figured the gang vans would be safe. She simply couldn't get Justin out of her mind or her heart. Brittany finally realized that she and Justin had to get back together and to do that she'd have to get over her fear of intimacy. Her friend revealed Brittany did a lot of soul searching and Justin did this well, but Brittany was the one who finally reached out. She started calling Justin out on the pretext to find out about the home they'd cheered or what friends were up to. What she really wanted was to tell Justin she loved him and wanted to get back together. That's what Justin wanted to, but private prevented him from coming right out and saying it or from coming out. Slowly over a few weeks of long calls, they both opened up their hearts and confessed out truly lonely they were without each other and how much they wanted to be a couple again. Brittany told Justin she'd gotten over her fear of intimacy and just wanted him back in her arms just to agree they got back together, but their busy schedules hardly allow any time to be in the same city that could cause the reunion to fall apart yet again. Anybody believe in this? Anybody buying it? Anybody think he's got a penis? No! Okay, glad to hear that. Boy, the lengths that they go to spin doctors, the Hollywood spin doctors, you know, the showbiz spin doctors to make up these stories? She wouldn't touch that thing with your hand, I'll guarantee ya. Funny before 11 to 5, 60, WQM has the whole y'all, are we still doing the cut out by the way? Yes. Oh, that's depressing, because otherwise it's so magnificent. So I think there's something to be learned here boys and girls this show is living proof in case you have a notice that nothing is perfect. This is as close to perfection as you'll get, but it just goes to show ya, that even though we grew on the same wavelength now, we still have to have like a little bit of technical thought because that's the beastly F and W. And without it, somebody might think they're listening to the wrong station. If you're ready to get in shape for the summer like the beast, now don't go to some fancy you know, restaurant where you're going to get sick like the beast did, he made one. He fell off the wagon and now he got punished for it. Big time. But the beast is lost about 30 pounds with balance for life and you can do the same. In fact, when I'm coming home very soon, there's going to be a sending me my little black sack and it's one of the few things I'm looking forward to coming back and south Florida for a few days is getting the little black sack because it takes, it takes all the guesswork out of losing weight. They've done all the work for ya. The zone died by Dr. Barry Sears. It's very effective, very complicated too. But ahead of time, all you have to do is choose between two alternatives for each meal at you, each day you run a program and that's it. Those are the only choices you make. You don't have to count carbohydrates, you don't have to count calories, you don't have to do any shopping at all. Because all your meals, three hormonally balanced gourmet meals, two delicious snacks, even a 16 ounce bottle of water, right in your little black sack. And they deliver from balance for life your little black sack right to your door by six o'clock every morning to your work to your home wherever you are. So if you really want to lose some weight, get with the real controlled and crew and weight loss, eat healthy lifestyle, get in shape for some or starting right now with balance for life because it really and truly works. And like I've been telling to the food is delicious too. Pretty soon you'll look almost as good as the beast. Call balance for life at 9.54. 5.6.8.3.2.29. That's 9.54. 5.6.8.3.2.29. Or check them out on the wicked way, but balance for life. 5.6.3.2.30. 3.6.3.30. 3.6.30. 3.6.30. 3.6.30. 3.6.30. 3.6.30. 3.6.30. 3.6.30. 3.6.30. 3.6.30. 3.6.30. 3.6.30. 3.6.30. 3.6.30. 3.6.30. 3.6.30. 3.6.30. 3.6.30. 3.6.30. 3.6.30. 3.6.30. 3.6.30. 3.6.30. 3.6.30. 3.6.30. 3.6.30. 3.6.30. 3.6.30. 3.6.30. 3.6.30. 3.6.30. 3.6.30. 3.6.30. 3.6.30. 3.6.30. 3.6.30. 3.6.30. 3.6.30. 3.6.30. 3.6.30. 3.6.30. 3.6.30. 3.6.30. 3.6.30. 3.6.30. 3.6.30. 3.6.30. 3.6.30. 3.6.30. 3.6.30. 3.6.30. 3.6.30. 3.6.30. 3.6.30. 3.6.30. 3.6.30. 3.6.30. 3.6.30. 3.6.30. 3.6.30. 3.6.30. 3.6.30. 3.6.30. 3.6.30. 3.6.30.30. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 6.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5. 5. 5. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. 5.6. The Bushies even took the unprecedented step of wheeling out Laura Bush to defend her husband, traveling in Budapest hungry Mrs. Bush stayed up late to watch a condie rice briefing. The next morning the first lady volunteered to report is that it was very sad that people would play upon the victim's family's emotions or all-american's emotions. The counter-offensive temporarily silence most Democrats, both the Bush administration nevertheless found itself in a nightmare issue for media Washington predicament forced to wish your statements without knowing what leaks might immediately undercut them. Investigative committees were demanding in getting access to thousands of potentially explosive documents and bureaucrats suddenly were less interested in protecting the president and protecting their own rears and reputations. Under the strain the White House's votted message discipline and internal unity were falling apart. Probably some hardliners criticized press secretary Ari Flasher for confirming the basic substance of the August 6 memo when it was first reported by CBS, we should have piled up the sandbags and said, none of your business entirely classified one insider grumbled. The virus criticized rice' briefing, she wasn't ready for prime time-huffed one staff or that's for sure, still others privately limited the administration's faded and telepublic more if not before 9-11 then immediately after. Some wish that consular Karyn Hughes was traveling with Mrs. Bush and will soon be leaving the White House was back its been-control central. More urgently needed than a message leader was a message said Republican Polster, Frank Lunds. The topic what people need to know and what for security reasons they can't be told. The public is confused about the relationship between national security and the flow of information from the government. He said, one minute they're being issued too many warnings the next minute not enough. That might compromise the war effort but they need to have a better sense of what the limits are and why. But a habit of disclosure is not in the Bush genetic makeup, the son of a CIA chief, Bush is always preferred to operate with secrecy and surprise. Cheney sees Congress and the media as annoyances at best. This view was reinforced by the advent of war more than ever, they tend to think that the public has a right to know only what the top guns think is worth telling them. But now having said less than he should have last fall, Bush is going to have to say more than he wanted to this summer and perhaps for the rest of his presidency rights Howard Feynman in Newsweek. 113 at 5.60, WQM. Here's one thing everybody should know when that is if you don't sleep on a good quality mattress you're going to wind up with a bad back and you're going to wind up as a result feeling like crap. Where do you get a good mattress? Where do you go to a bedding with apartments during payout pay through the nose? You can waste a lot of time and gas and money or I can do the smart thing like I've been doing for years. Just sit right on your lazy fat ass and make one easy color or good friends at Dilemma Phrase. 1-800-MATT-RES. You'll be instantly connected to an expert vet in consultant who's only job is to hook you up with a best brand name mattress under the sun in an unbeatable price. And we're talking the top brands in the world. Surtha, Cigli, Simmons, and King Coral. And when you call Dilemma Phrase at 1-800-MATP, you pick today and the tour window for delivery seven days a week. In other words, when it's convenient for you, any tour window like between 1-3, 2-4, 3-5, etc. So I don't forget when you do business with Dilemma Phrase, you also get a 30-day in-home comfort guarantee so you can test the mattress the right way the smart way by sleeping on it. So if you want a great night sleep for years and months to come, or is it the other way around, call Dilemma Phrase today. They'll be there knocking on you door no time at all. Call 1-800-MATP. 1-800-MATT-RES or check them out on the web. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. As you wish. A hang this up, baby. 4 days that can't be seen. Serve a plate tasty treat with Uncle Ben's Van de Lizo. Where are women? I'll show it hungry now. What's all the blue plate both in time? Baby. What's up with J.K. It's Ranta and I'm gonna put some good y'all mouth. What a beautiful world of thunder, easy round. This tastes like old now I can't be. And coconut is broken in the middle. Eat it now, give it a bottle, go to eat some one hot dude. Oh, honey, they knew. Oh, she got to do was watch how I move. Whoa. Whoa. She's a good girl. There you go. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, bro. What's going on? What's going on? What's going on? What's going on? What's going on? What's going on? What's going on? What's going on? What's going on? What's going on? I think I got it. How did it? What's going on? We started packing now. I'm the big set boat and I'm the big set boat. Uncle Ben's van de Lizo arrives. I guess we shouldn't report that Pakistan does just test fired a third missile. No, they did two over to the against. They just did another one just for the hell of it. And it needs to get a little bit tense. And of course you do realize what else is named Vajpa Shmata. He's 77 years old and then failing hell. So what else he got to lose? You know at this point. So it's a little bit nerve-wracking. In fact, you bet. And of course, if anybody doubts what I've always said and George the same thing about religion over the years, just take a look at this deal over there now. You got, I don't really got the Hindus against the Muslims. But you've got the Muslim fanatics against the non-finatics against the people who want to be allowed to live out of the Stone Age. And then the Muslim fanatics who want to force them just like the Taliban. We're doing to their people in Afghanistan to live in the Stone Age. And restrict this and restrict that. And it's tragic. As you look all over these parts of the desperate world, you see everybody in all boils down to this religious group against that religious group. Everybody with a label. See, I prefer to consider myself, which it's a lot safer that way like a citizen of the world. I'm walking around over there in Amsterdam, over there in the Arimbran plane, or the Damrack or Web at Helm. I'm like a citizen of the world. I live in Amsterdam. I live in Miami. I live in Toronto. I live around the world. You know, what the hell difference is it make? What difference does it make? Now, when you talk about the mypionce thing, yeah. Did you read the actual column that the post refused to a print? No, we didn't read any columns, but we referred to it. Joe did. Joe started that whole thing, by the way. Well, that was it because it's gay banter. Right. It's gay. Right. And you wouldn't have talked about that. Plus you don't know my pionce from Tony's pizza. Who's that? Now, what'd you just say? I said, who's that? Oh, did I do that? That was the one time I couldn't hear you because you were mumbling that time. We're on the same wavelength here, but now you were mumbling. Ericsson is hearing Lee cut out too, but I don't know how that can be. I just, I think that's what just happened right there for you. But you know, something, I don't care because believe me. And leave it to Eric. Eric, why don't you give us the good news, okay? Stop being such a sour push just because us fat people tend to be sour people because we hate the fact that we look at the mirror. We see that we're so fat and ugly and grow, testing got these big hanging blobs of fat. They're killing us. And in respecting all of our goddamn organs, there's nothing worse than having a restricted organ. Especially if the goddamn senior prom. Still got no response about that. And we have any calls about that. You can't get already down here, saw any of those of the video that you're talking about. Which I wish I could say. God, you to God, nuts. I mean, these kids were like, you talk about dirty dancing. And you wildest disco that you can imagine on South Beach. In a night of ecstasy filled acid induced wild dirty dancing. You have never seen anything wilder and more suggestive than what these kids were doing at their senior proms at least four or five high schools. In this big deal. I didn't say it was a big deal. Why are you into that two rubber? You're going to be doing some dirty dancing. And then the shop's a lot of ecstasy and does dirty dancing down on South Beach. That's right. So watch what I would do anyway. Go to some Schwarzier fest this last weekend for you to about that. Anyway, so now which one of these should I do first? I guess I'll read this one. Well, see, that's right because you don't do reading because you don't read well. That's right. You know, it's how good my reading is today. It's great. It's sensational. You know what? Because I just came back from vacation. See, these people say I take too many vacations and they get pissed off when I'm out there. And because they hate George or Joe or what big just because they're generally pissed off. Guess what? If I had a lot more vacations, this show would be sensational. In fact, I think 50 weeks of vacation a year and two weeks of work sounds great. Oh, yeah. Sounds excellent to me. And what Greg Reed does not understand at this point is see he thinks he's going to be a good point. See he thinks he's I give him back some vacation in August. I give him back a little vacation. But he doesn't realize that I'm a vacation for seven and a half months. Like right now. I'm doing a show. But guess what? The way I look at, I'm still on vacation. Because you're not here. That's right. Man, it's like it's like dying to go and have it. This is like paradise. And that's why from the very beginning, those assholes who said, Oh, well, we don't like the tone of the show. The tone is off right because Neil is pissed off. And I'm happy. We can't share our misery and suffering. We can't heap our unhappiness and our misery upon him because he's not here with us. Go to those stupid hockey games. Then I want to go to a hockey game. I'll go pay two grand for a guy damn ticket tonight in the nose. Believe that the ACC, although I think I'll sit here and watch it on TV for free. Thank you in the comfort of my living room as opposed to the air Canada Center, which needs some help. I'll tell you one thing. And I don't care what anybody tells me. You can't complain about the atmosphere in the air Canada Center because there isn't any. But you got to understand these athletes. They got to make their millions and millions if we got to pay make a hell of a lot more money. So Steve Stabrow can afford to pay Kujo and bring them back next year. Which he damn well better do it and Matt Sundine and all these other glam. We got to pay them the big bucks. Anyway. What was I just talking about? The fact that I feel so good after a great vacation. Right, Amsterdam and you were trying to say on vacation. One article in another. John Alta Villa writes, Now what is this from? Oh, this is from the Hartford Current. This is May 23, now what's the day the 20. So this is the last Tuesday. This all happening just a few days ago. Which is why Rimmer called me a breathlessly. Ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba This they're in. And of course give me a song and then it's about how George spent half the show. Talkin' about his battery with Greg Reid and about Moll. And it's in it. Which of course was just like the exaggerated. Attacked. Yeah. Get a life, Rimmer, and pack you know something? My best suggestion to remember is this, burn your radio right now, right in the middle of the show, you know, you don't get any diaries anyway, plus we got that one guy that don't want to put me down cause he hates George. Anyway Mike, a John, whatever this guy's name is, current staff writer, writes the side of Mike P. Otsida 9 unsubstantiated rumors that he's gay seem to make everyone uncomfortable Tuesday in Philadelphia and the squirming hasn't stopped. He's squirming as the gay batter continues. I'm heterosexual, P. Otsida said I can't control what people think I can say, I'm heterosexual I date women, I don't see you need to address it any further, I date women, that's what I'll rant you to say too. I'm Monday, and I don't know what I don't care, okay Mike P. Otsida is nothing for me, if he's gay, more power to him, if he's straight, all I would say is like stand up straight and stop squatting down all the time. On Monday, a line in the gossip column by the New York Post, Neil Travis said a met star was thinking about coming out of the closet. There's a persistent rumor around town that one of the met stars has spent a lot of time with pretty models and clubs is actually gay and has started to think about declaring a sexual orientation Travis wrote. And from the moment the paper hit the streets, there's a great line of cozinner but not that the Schmidt hit the fan should be the next line. Otsida, yeah. The story began to take on a bizarre life of its own. It says including a long run on New York's talk radio circuit, I'll bet. Maybe the meeting needs to grow up someday instead of mining other people's business met manager Bobby Valentine said Wednesday, reckless journalism met GMC Philipset. Veteran post sports columnist Wallace Matthews angered by the Travis story wrote a column that the paper refused to publish without content changes in the column Matthews asserted P. Otsida's right to privacy and was critical of the post. On Wednesday Matthews posted his unedited column on several internet sites which I have shown here including sportsjournalist.com, I always knew the paper I know integrity Matthew said on the website later the post fired Matthews. It is best to tread lightly, less someone come peering in your windows next Matthews wrote in his column, that's why the kind of journalism perpetrated in Mondays post is abhorrent, as are the McCarthy-like tactics of homosexual groups that deliberately out celebrities and athletes under the premise of exposing hypocrisy. SPN radio that he was no longer working for the post, I'm through with him, but I'm not sure if they're through with me Matthews said. The sports editor Greg Gallo referred questions to a post spokeswoman in light of Matthews derogatory comments and in-sabordination post-medid men have been filled. It was no longer appropriate from the continuing the papers in police statements. Valentine said professional baseball players would not be phased by a gay teammate. Epile females, women athletes if they could play Valentine's set. And then of course regretted those comments. So after the break I'll read the column by Wallace Matthews that the post wouldn't print, which really is not a big deal. But you know, I guess the post is just a website, they can't take any goddamn criticism. And I like the New York Post. Like a lot of the comments for the post, but you know, just the way it is. 27 after a day hour. Oh, geez. At 5.60 WQM. You know, I don't have any champion light. Oh, no. I just mentioned that in passing. I come back from a case and I thought for sure, there would be like cartons and cartons a champion light here just waiting for me. And you know, this is the way it goes. I don't want to be a free loader, but why to hell not? Anyway, I love champion light in UL2 because they've improved the taste. It comes in six to list of flavors right now. Orange, lemon lime, grapefruit punch in the brand new. What do they call it? Blue, um, blue raspberry, blue raspberry and lemonade. See, I'm a way so long. I forgot what it's all about. I do know what was this. There's no crap in it. I like all the other sports rings that are loaded with sugar. I would call a carbohydrate, some calories and crap. You won't find any crap at all in champion light. A taste good and it's good for it the same time. No sugar, no carbohydrates, no calories like I said. No swirl. Pick it up at your favorite store and let's see. Do I have the right stuff here from PDLany, which I don't? No, that's, that's a age age old. If you want to find a store nearest you, the carries champion light. Call a PDLany on a cell phone. I'll give you out the number limited or look up on the website. Champion light. To get the Cincinnati Reds, King 1, and the Silvergeeds in a way, it's 630. Oh, it's Renew 568, you A-N. New York. Yeah. Coming up tonight on inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story, we take a good, hard, stiff look and a start of. He was an Indonesian born of Dutch parents who had his only hit with a remake of an American song which he recorded in Germany. Was this guy f***ed up or what? We're talking about Taco. Is he a bit wet? You're going on work to go to one of your door fashion business. What's the matter with it? Oh, I love him, but it's extremely hard to find information on Taco. And he, I love him, but it's extremely hard to find information on Taco. Indeed, our own search for Taco proved fruitless, until it finally bore fruit and Jim who runs the only known Taco fan website in the world. I want people to know they don't have to be ashamed to visit my site. If you love Taco, you found a home here. Jim also runs Taco support groups for the miserable hideous freaks who actually copped a liking this crappy singer and his crappy song. Hi. My name is Beth, and I'm a Taco fan. Hi, Beth. How do I explain Taco's contribution to this whole ooeuvrov synth pot versions of Irving Berlin tunes? Where are you Taco? Please let us know where you are. Did you listen to this? I just wanted to thank you. You're so handsome. You're such a wonderful thing for me. Oh, and please click on the links to my sponsors. Help keep my website free. What a bunch of crap. Give me the young Frankenstein version of me today. If you're blue and you don't know where to go to, why don't you go? Where fashion sim? Where are you? Ah, that's better. It's a big juicy, shopping west look at show business tonight on inside of the hide. Where are you? So whatever happened to Marty Feldman is he still dead. Oh, let me 32 at 560 WKYM. Here's Wallace Matthews com, and one of the three were post wouldn't print and that they fared his ass over. Bobby Valentine made sure not to be everything he thinks he is. He says baseball genius restaurant innovator all around Renaissance man, but I'm what a shoe is wrong, dead wrong. Major league baseball is not ready to accept an openly gay player as he told details magazine and upcoming issue. Nor is the NBA, the NHL, the NFL, the PGA, the USDA or professional boxing. If they were Mike Piazza would not have found himself thrust in the awkward position of having to address rumors concerning a sexuality before the start of last night's Met's Filles game. If the fans were ready, the Met's wouldn't care if it became known that their entire roster was made up of gaze because it wouldn't matter. And the rest of society, if the rest of society were ready, I wouldn't be writing this column right now. You think that by now two years past the millennium and in a country that considers itself sophisticated, the sexuality of individual would no longer be an issue. And yet by what happened last night, we're reminded that it's still a very big issue indeed. Every time we start to believe we live in a mature society, something like this comes to remind us we really aren't that far removed from the Frat House or the school yard or the Kitty Park. Valentine's comments to details sparked an irresponsible, blind item in Monday's post, in which a gossip columnist reprinted a rumor concerning an unnamed Met. The gossip columnist then acknowledged that he was unable to substantiate any part of the rumor he printed it anyway. The Nazis' statements of Owingy's heterosexuality were in direct response to that item, but in truth there was no reason to print the item and even less reason for the Met to respond to it. Who's business is it anyway what a player does off the field or who he sleeps with or what kind of car he drives or what kind of a dog he owns? The only time a player's person life becomes an issue is when it can be shown to be affecting his performance on the field. Even then it is best to tread lightly, less someone comparing into your windows next. That's why the kind of journalism prop perpetrated in Monday's post is wrong. As are the McCarthy-like tactics of homosexual groups that deliberately out celebrities and athletes under the premise that to keep on homosexuality as secret is somehow hypocritical. Does anyone understand the meaning of words like privacy or modesty or discretion anymore? Perhaps Piazza was probably the most approachable and accommodating athlete at his level in any sport, felt it was best to lay the story to respite, dressing it head on. So to speak. Maybe the Met's worried about negative publicity and a renewed whispering campaign put Piazza up to it. If so, they committed an unspeakable injustice to a good guy, either way, it demonstrates that we have a long way to go before truly ready to accept people for what they are. Judging by the feeding friends he that greeted Piazza last night at the vet, it seems that the first openly gay male athlete, whoever, happens to be, will face the kind of abuse no athlete as face in Jackie Robinson wiped out the color line in 1947. In fact, it may be even worse. Robinson made me had a worry about white racists. Whoever chooses to come out will likely face homophobia that crosses into every race, lead color and ethnic group. It will take a person to incredible courage and resilience to make such a stand. Can you tell me what's wrong with that article? Nothing. Besides these critical of his own newspaper for putting that thing in their in the first place. But I mean, that article seems to me makes a lot of sense. I was waiting for something. I don't know. Bolder. No. He gets canned over it because he wouldn't edit it. He wouldn't change it to accommodate them at the post. Post. Is what I said. Oh. It anyway. More gay banter, by the way. That's a problem with his show. Make no mistake about it. We just surveyed 50,000 individuals over on church street here in Toronto. They said lots more gay banter. That's what we want. They times in the UK no less. But you're not such a shame that the papers and South Florida sucks so bad. I never rely. I always knew it. But I never realized it quite as much as I do now. Why do you think some of us don't bother? Oh, man. I wouldn't wipe my ass with either of those rags. Even if I was in one of those French toilets, you know, where you squat over the whole ground? Get over that. They told me about this. We're sitting there in Peter's office and we're having a conversation. I'm paying him my rent. And we're having his camera. Oh, there's the pope and a person and boy. I'm actually making a talk about the blind leading the dumb or how does that go? Oh, sir. Robert, remember kids were upset about that. When you bash the pope? Yeah. He likes his schmata. Thanks. Hey, Samica. Yeah. Look at that. He can't even stand up. They can't even stand up. He's hunched over. And he's got his head down like he's looking for something. Believe me, it's not their pop of trust me. It used to be. Yeah. I could have been a contender. Anyway, exposed out cut his rest camp. This is from the Sunday Times in London by Tony Allen Mills in Washington. This is going to make you pissed off. The interrogation of Taliban and al-Qaeda detainees at the American military base in Guantanamo Bay Cuba has turned into a politically correct force because of Washington's fear of the human rights lobby according to a unique insider's account. Overreacting to the initial outcry at the apparently tough conditions in the camp-X-8010 in center, with its images of cages, chains and kneeling prisoners and rumors of truth-thousand sensory deprivation, the Pentagon has set up a kid-glov regime. Suspected terrorist are allowed to treat their captors with derision, lying, chanting the Korean and unison, mocking and threatening guards and throwing water at them. Americans are under orders not to react roughly that even transport prisoners in Gulf carts. Guantanamo has been nicknamed Eggshell City by interrogators because of the political sensitivities of dealing with 384 captives for more than 30 countries among them at least seven British citizens. In the first breach of the military secrecy shrouding the interrogation process, William Tyranny and Erbix speaker who spent six weeks as an interpreter at CampEx Ray revealed the combination of inexperienced interrogators and stifling political correctness that has hampered efforts to extract intelligence about al-Qaeda. The Guantanamo interrogation team is led by a veteran CIA FBI military intelligence agents. Oh, that would be a good one for our poll, you know? What's that? FBI intelligence? Oh, no, that's right. We're not doing that oxymoron. That's you. Guantanamo interrogation team is led by a veteran CIA FBI military intelligence agents for the sheer volume of work as force dependent on to recruit outside linguists with little wartime experience, Tyranny said. One interrogator is an army reservist whose previous experience was questioning passengers at San Francisco Airport. Another young woman was a good linguist but was treated with contempt by the Islamic militant inmates. American authorities took so many measures to avoid criticism by human rights groups that a Marine Guard was ruled because prisoners complaining was too rough. A visiting US General reassured a group of prisoners we don't want anyone to say we're mistreating you. After prisoners complained that leg irons cut and bruised them if they walked any distance, American officers arranged for them to be wheeled to and from their interrogations on stretcher like trolleys. But a television crew spotted a prostate prisoner, one of the Britons, bringing wheeled back to his cell and suggested he might have suffered a beating. The trolleys were promptly replaced with motorized golf carts. Tyranny, a Gulf War veteran declined to decide to speak on after losing his job in a long-running dispute with a Pentagon. He claimed that standard interrogation techniques were making little progress against al-Qaeda militants trained in countermeasures. Good cop bad cop routine with the Saudi detainees trust to win the Saudi detainees trust. The lead interrogator fainted fit a temper and stormed out of the room, leaving Tyranny to sympathize with the prisoner and try to ingratiate himself by talking about life and re-aud, it didn't work, of course he said. Other sources supported Tyranny's account of intelligence effort hamstrung by bureaucratic break-downs and political pressures, the experience on interrogations has been miserable a disaster from the very beginning set of congressional intelligence source. A senior military officer concluded, we haven't scratched the surface in getting things out of these folks that we need. Lieutenant Colonel Dennis Finke, spokesman for the interrogation team, acknowledged yesterday that interrogating hard-line Islamic militants was a very tedious task, a very long-slope process he insisted, however, that there was no hurry and that everything is going fine. The seventh Britain to be incarcerated at the Guantanamo Bay was identified yesterday as Terracadir Gul, 24, a former care worker from East London. He was transferred to the camp with 31 other prisoners at the start of the month after being captured in Afghanistan. The son of a retired baker from Morocco, your Gul was born in Britain and grew up in Bethnal Green East of London. In East London, he attended a Roman Catholic secondary school despite being a practicing muslim. He traveled to Pakistan last summer to learn Arabic and then moved on to Afghanistan. His mother, Rahana said yesterday, I still don't understand what's happened as a mother from heartbroken. I love my son, but I was horrified by and learned that you've gone to Afghanistan. I'm a Muslim and I took him to Mosf, but we're not fundamentalist. I don't support the Taliban or Al Qaeda, and I don't think he does, but who the hell knows? How do you like that? We're doing it there, baby. Oh, not. We're doing it. Tick gloves, golf carts. Yeah. Arnee Palmer would be proud. No question about that. I teach to learn at 5.60 W.Q.A. and if you're looking in the mirror and wondering where it went. Where did that here go? Bob Ballon looked in the mirror, he said, you know that goal on that broken leg was very exciting. In overtime in 1967, but I look in the mirror and I see that gigantic bald spot where did it go? The puck went in the net and my hair went down the drain. If you have it the same problem, if you got that male pattern baldness that got us a flicking so many men with Charles Alphiiri, can do a job for you. Charlie is appeared as a guest on Good Morning American, the today show. He's got the latest technology that provides sensational results for guys who want their hair back, and the most amazing looking natural hairline in the world. So if you want to look natural, if you want to look like it's your real hair growing out of your scalp, as opposed to those silly people who water around with those mouse-y-looking pieces on their head, here's the deal. Call Charlie Alphiiri, mentioning the arrages, he'll knock $200 off the regular price by the way for all QAM listeners. Call 1-800-321-2413. There's no obligation they bring in, they sit you down and show you just how much better and younger. They can help you guys look better and you ever thought you'd look again. Call 1-800-321-2413 and get your hair back from Charles Alphiiri, or check out his website at www.shr. We'll see you next time. Thanks for watching. See you next time. See you next time. See you next time. See you next time. See you next time. See you next time. See you next time. See you next time. See you next time. See you next time. See you next time. See you next time. See you next time. harass me. This Hi Doctor, I made a request to ask Hi Doctor, man---- You, right Somebody? It is what people got through and they are called Morris. I've heard marriage with my different number so much. Till the next million times we've got news, But I'll justwahise that the truth isplathing As everybody still understands T chapters and it's together And tell thy Lord and gift is upon heures Deft ah Not in the suit and then In the way of a tree The actors skull and then just lay there and water until they found the pieces. Are we going to carry it? He's talking. Oh yeah right now. We're positively identified by the office of the chief medical examiner as those of Chandra and Lee. He looks Jewish. He's done by comparison of dental x-rays. Oh he's not. Her death has been certified today by the office. I guess I'm a cause of death has been certified. He's undetermined. The manner of death has been certified as homicide. In this case, there was not specific, excuse me, sufficient evidence to ascertain conclusively the specific injury that caused her death. However, the circumstances of her disappearance and her body of recovery are indicative that she died through the acts of another person, which is the definition of a homicidal manner of death. I will not comment specifically on the details of the ongoing law enforcement investigation. By way of background, let me share with you some basic definitions. Please, cause of death is the specific disease or injury that leads to the death of the person. The manner of death is the explanation of how the cause occurred, the choice is being natural, accident, suicide, homicide, or undetermined. Prior to this press conference, I spoke with Mr. Billy Martin, the attorney for the leavey family. I disclose these results to him and offered my condolences to the leavey family. Thank you. I'll take a few questions then. Dr. Arbid. Dr. Arbid. Thank you. Thank you. Dr. Arbid. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. So, following if any such test become necessary or applicable then we will deal with that as the need arises. Dr. Hussor, please talk to me where I'm going to go. Yeah. One at a time? Dr Hussor, why was the death coup to come to a court? The test that we did really were examination of the Skeleton highs remains. It was a physical examination in which I was assisted by the forensic anthropologists from the Smithsonian Institution. As I said when there is insufficient evidence of a specific disease or injury to arrive at it concludes conclusion then one has to go with the undetermined cause. Thanks Dr. Jonathan Arden, DC medical examiner, he's the best baby. By the way, something. Oh crap. Oh never mind. Wait a bit. No. What's the one? If there was ever any doubt about the delay or like their love, you were playing the audio and I'm watching the video and his lips were moving along with the audio so there is absolutely no delay from you to hear. Oh! How do you like that? I like it a lot. In other words, we're on the same wavelength here. I love dressed in a suit. Oh god. Come, respect or help us to do it. Boy, rides around in this limo without wearing pants. If you start dating him, it's a hell of a chance. It's a change in life. They'll tell you he loves you, but won't leave his wife. He flips, doesn't old Jane, whips out of knives. That's why it's like if you are dairy-scarled. God help you with your dairy-scarled. Then who's you gone? You gone just like that? All the women say, condits are clippin' protg. If you write down your name in his little black book, they might pull you from the river on the end of the hook. He'll change your life. He'll tell you he loves you, but won't leave his wife. He flips, doesn't old Jane, whips out of knives. That's why it's like if you are dairy-scarled. God help you with your dairy-scarled. Then who's you gone? You gone just like that? I hope this doesn't take all the fun out of this for the American public. Including myself, we want him to have been involved. If he do it personally himself, don't we want him to have done it? Absolutely. Please, please. Otherwise, it takes all the fun. If it's just this deranged that 20-year-old, whatever the hell that guy's name was, what was his name? I don't know. You're all the guy at the try to rape the two other women, but it was very inept and they both got away in the same park. I thought there was a genuine serial killer, like two or three people have actually died. I don't know if that's true or not, because I'm not reading any more about that now, but they're interrogating the guy that they got in custody again. What does his name? I don't know. I don't know. Why don't you pay me? I don't know. Anyway, our poll were asked today. Which of these phrases or expressions is, or is it be the most redundant? We have 229 votes. That's kind of weak. You know, that 229 for this time. Let's see. You're a guy to this up like about 10-3. I'm just judging based on this. Cheap old Jew, which of course was my favorite, 51. George Denett. Religious fanatic 38, Dumbred, neck 33, boring baseball game 27, Pentophile Priest 19, cheap French Canadian 18, Schwarz er Quack, Deduct and the Jewating era bar tied at 13, hysterical old Julio 12, Sully Brit 5 and No Root Dutchman. So I guess what that tells you is that nobody in this audience ever been to Amsterdam, maybe even my friend Hans Aynlisten today. Anyway, getting back to the Taliban, can we do that? Okay. Another depressing story from the New York Times today. Virtually the entire senior leadership of Al Qaeda in the Taliban have been driven out of Eastern Afghanistan, or now, operating with as many as a thousand non-Afghan fighters in the and archic travel areas of Western Pakistan, the Commander of American-led forces in Afghanistan said today. The Commander made you general Franklin Al Haagin back, and interviewed that intelligence reports indicated that the Qaeda and Taliban leaders now in Pakistan, were plotting terrorist attacks including current suicide bombings to disrupt the selection of the new national government in Kabul next month. We know that they're there, and they have a capability of doing harm to this country general Haagin back, said our job is to guide them the freedom of movement and sanctuary, though he's suggested two months ago that the coalition forces might cross the border and pursue the Al Qaeda and Taliban fighters. General Haagin back said today, they did not expect that to happen largely because Pakistan had developed its own plans to drive Al Qaeda the Taliban from their mountain sanctuaries, right? But he echoed a concern voiced in Washington that tensions between Indian Pakistan over Kashmir could delay Pakistani military operations in the tribal areas. The Pakistan government said last week that intended to move some of its trips from the Afghan border to the Kashmir region. General Haagin back also said several recent raids in compounds in southern Afghanistan, the Taliban spiritual base of an intended to break up groups that have been plotting terrorist attacks against coalition forces in the Afghan allies. Residents of those villages have asserted that the American forces were mistaken about the presence of terrorist groups and say innocent people have been killed or taken to custody in the raids. General Haagin back the commander of the army's 10th mountain division would not say whether Pakistan had begun pulling back troops from the border. The expressed confidence that President Pervarez-Mushar for Pakistan would fulfill a pledge to eliminate the Al Qaeda and Taliban sanctuaries in the travel region which historically has resisted the rule of Islamabad. I have no concern that they're not going to do what they said they'll do General Haagin back in his office at this former Soviet base now the headquarters for more than 10,000 ally troops in Afghanistan. The richest didn't reading Western Pakistan about Qaeda he added with what's currently going on in India. I don't know what the timing is going to be. That's the problem. In other words, they got their plate is full. They got that expression. Kind of like the beast used to use that expression all the time before it got on balance for life. My plate is full. Was it full for long? How's he doing by the way again? Any updates? Is he still alive? No, it's the matter of fact we would love to hear from him and how he's doing. Yeah, we're concerned about your base. Do you believe that? No. He said he just woke up dizzy this morning. I see. Maybe he's got that viral thing in London they had it does that some of the troops were getting in Afghanistan, viral infection. That people in some, no, not mad cow. Jesus. Oh, you know something when you look at the base, you kind of think of like either man cow or mad cow. Man hog. Here's one that says I'd realize you just read Matthews. Kind of I don't know if you've seen the other stuff from the post and from Matthews. So, well, I fact you what was legible there were two other little articles that came along with that facts and they were illegible. I see there was, I already, I just got through reading this. But thanks anyway, Lauren. Thank you very much. I just got through reading this exact same thing which he says you did but he facts to me and did this come before I read that? No. Oh, I dropped my pen, damn it. Uh oh. Oh. And you know what? What? It's gone. Oh no. Oh, man, am I busy? Like, this guy just crawled around on a floor and he got my pen. I don't want to leave it laying there. I'll forget about it. Okay. Forget about it. I'm not going to forget about it. So thank you very much for Wallace Matthews that he got fired from the post. That's pathetic. I thought this was supposed to be America. I thought that's what this was all about. But I guess that the New York Post they don't believe in America and they certainly don't believe in freedom of speech. York has given confused with South Florida where we know we don't have freedom of speech. God. Hey, it's springtime again and that means one thing. It's time to eliminate your carpets and the dirt that germs the dust. If you make a long story, you sure there's a word that covers all of those things. Schmutz. If you want to get the Schmutz out of your carpets, that can cause allergies and the just don't look all I've got in the first place. Call the experts at dry concepts. I've been using them in my house for over 20 years now. God, it's unbelievable. A long time. They've been around a long time to in a reason for that being. That because they do such as to pen this job. People wouldn't even dream if they ever used dry concepts. They wouldn't dream of calling anybody else. And you shouldn't either. Rock concepts, technicians are schooled and certified by the Institute of Inspection Plating and Restoration. They give you a written guarantee price before they start doing a job. You can't beat them with a stick. You can clean today and retain that because your carpets dry just two hours after. They finish the jobs. It'll be fooled by those rip off artists. Those 599 specials leave your carpets soak for days. And then like I said, pack on a gigantic ability into the job. Treat yourself in your carpets to a spring cleaning today. And Broward County called Rye Concepts at 9504-370778. 9504-370778 Day to Palm Beach, column toll free. 1-800-24071. 1-800-2407-1 Don't forget. Guaranteed written price up front a stupid finish job every time. And a big smile on your face when they finish the job. Dry concepts, please. We are the men and women of the United States Navy. Can you watch your show on 5606-2804-3708? May I be for my day? Hey, this is Steve Goldstein. But you can call me, tell me. Whenever I'm in town, I listen to... May I be in an island town. It's the 12th of hour. Bad! Hey, sister, Brace Nikki Weasel. Went to a baby little ice. Table palm on his head. He says, please, he is dead. But he never even tried. But his face has rain his over. Time for the chairman to go. Yes, it's true. What am I just blue? A ribbon that you feel low. We're goodbye. Goodbye. Era fat. Thank you, crap. Fair back is that. Can a job when no one dies. Maybe you could put your cell fries. The orbit is trouble maker. Quite possibly or is safe. Your moral conversation shot now. I hope you write those likes. I don't know the same. But your no good evil do. You got a problem making friends. Your a bit of way now any day. I bet your need depends. Woke by five. Era fat. Thank you, crap. That is that. You can go sell fries. We have a 150 to 160 WQAM. That's what we do. What? That bit. Just dumps right out. Doesn't it? Hello. I'm here. I'm just leaving a long pause. A pregnant poth. Yeah, just the kind of like ends. Just like that. I love a sudden like. What was that of the one that I played before? The idea. I love a sudden like. What was that of the one that I played before? The idea on what we're going. Right. Just like fades on like. And that's it. Anyway, dog thrown to his death. Barricaded man tosses dog from 23rd floor. This is. Seconding. I think what we ought to do is take the guy and toss him from the 23rd floor. Don't you see like, Ted for tat? You can't say tat. Melanie left goitz. Staff writer for news day writes this. I love that name. Melanie left goitz. Not a wonderful name. You. Cutting out again. What do you mean by that? I just missed the last two three words you said. Two or three words? Yeah, it was a long one that time. You see what this all boils down to and I wasn't going to get into this. I'm not going to forget my dogster. I got to write here. I was thinking this during this last break. And that is that if this thing would have been done properly, they had since back in October. October. I don't want to start belly aching about engineering or management on the year anymore. The usual. So I'll just do it the usual. They had all of that time. I rented this place back in the first week. In November. You're following this November last year. So they had all of November. All of December. All of January. All of February. They had four long ponders freaking months to get this thing put together. Which the engineers from up here by the way in Toronto did a beautiful job of building it. And it's said when so on and installing all the stuff that we shipped up here to them. But. And then coming up here like maybe 10 days ahead of time. As opposed to like 10 minutes before to show when it was still crawling around on their hands in easier. Bob were moving fed Julio, which I'm not blaming them. But the fact of the matter is, fish it have been done well ahead of time. And then we could have ironed all these bugs out instead of doing a show for three months and then realizing that we're not even in sync. Oh, sorry about that, Brianna. Who don't want to be in sync. Apparently. No, no seriously. We're going to take us three months to figure that out. And then of course these other bugs with the drop out somewhat. I'm sure that those can be worked out. But this should all have been done before. Ever the first show was done from here. So what I'm suggesting since it's the 20 eighth of freaking May. And since the ninth of July is supposed to be my first broadcast from Amsterdam. Since we've got all that time, one would hope that the mistakes of this. Miss of this very sad experiment have been learned by management. And of course management don't really give a crap as long we get something on the ear and run the spots. That's all they care about is getting and hoping that there's some big ratings there. You know, by some miracle without any promotion. But that's all they care about. But I hope that maybe our people in engineering might have a little bit more something than that. A little more pride, although when you're working for Beesley. Cardev any pride. See you got me going on that crap again. Sorry, couple maker. I'm sure it's just atmospheric. Yeah. No, it's not atmospheric. What I have to do with it. Anyway, who he was here and he's going to work on it after the show. He can't do anything well. Well, Craig, listen, don't mess with success man right now. While we're doing this well right now. And Julio knows damn well, but he and I went through yesterday for like about two hours of crapping around with the phone company on the phone and me crawling around here on the floor on my hands and knees. Even my piazza never spent so much time on his knees. But you're like that. You're going to start picking my piazza again? Not me. Who's making like about 13 million a year? When do you think if you're making 13 million a year you'd open up a mouth to? I guess after maybe another couple of years then he'll come up. A man horrified a high rise filled with dog lovers yesterday when he burccated himself inside his ex-girlfriend's 23rd floor apartment in Manhattan and tossed everything he could think of out the window including a beloved mixed tear-your-name ribs ribsey. After a two hour standoff police removed the knife-wielding man John Jefferson, I'm sure no relation to George. 43 from the Tribebeca building at 1230 p.m. and took him to Bellevue Hospital Center for a second African valuation. How do you like that? Speaking of our engineering problems. I hate this place. Nothing works here. No. The medications on work. No. I've been here for seven years. Nothing works here. Yeah Bellevue Brian Knowless. Anyway Jefferson was charged with robbery, reckless endangerment, possession of a weapon and as a felony, cruelty to animals. By the time police officers had broken down the door to Eugenia Miller's apartment Jefferson had tossed ribsy along with an air conditioner computer, TV said, closet full of clothing and several other items to a concrete plaza, 23 stories below. Ribsey amelteria was 17 years old. It should have been you and they re-elbed Jefferson if I twenty gates have it to invent for it. It should have jumped instead. Several residents of the building, 18 north morustry were drawn to their windows by the commotion and watched as the dog plummeted to its death. It went right by me. I had to look twice said Barbara Barrelish. She returned from a walk with her shell and cheap dog named Taylor. You heard the computers go down. All the clothing started coming down. Who would have thought the dog was coming down? I started screaming the dog. My husband thought I meant this dog. Neighbors said Miller, who's 41, are recently suffered a heart attack day to Jefferson for over a year and they have one time or engaged to be married. But she recently told Jefferson, who neighbors said has a crack habit to leave. There we go with those spares in the crack again man. Just like Oprah with her big fat crack problem. There was a lot of strife in the family said, Sherwin Azer who lives in a nearby townhouse and is an animal rescue. I'm horrified. I used to talk to him and saw that he loved ribs. He really did and he was getting his life together. He just had a little crack problem. Police said Miller filed a complaint against Jefferson on Friday night saying he'd broken into a apartment before we returned about 10am yesterday. Police said she let him in. Meaning Saturday. He then pulled out a knife and began threatening her police said she and another neighbor who heard her screaming called 911 and when emergency service unit police officers first knocked on the door, Miller was able to escape police said. Well, that his neighbors and Miller's church pastor rallied around. First try to protect her from what hearing what happened to Riley. Ripsy, cautioning everyone in the building. I thought it's a brick rally. Carshting everyone in the building, not to mention until they could figure out how to break the news. I don't even know what happens at Stan Miller. Miller's teenage nephew whom she raised. Stan Miller taking care of the dog since it was a puppy added. I just have to be with my mother now. Azer and others brought ribs. He's body to a local veterinary after police were done investigating. He'll be buried or cremated after a memorial ceremony, depending on the family's wishes. How do you like that, huh? It's a crack in douche far to there and a hit being redundant. Takes in throws all of a sudden crap out the window and a 17 year old dog. And of course knowing that there's some people out there always try to look on a bright side. They'll say, well he was 17. How much longer do you have anyway? Right? At least it wasn't a puppy. I mean, I'm not undermining it being the dog, whatever the time. But you see if you try to look on a bright side, see what I'm saying? Still. No, no, I'm not minimizing. It's grotesque in this set of a bits. This crack addicted piece of turd. There are a few things in the world that bug me more than crack people. The sick people, the obsessive people, and they take their goddamn little crack pipes, and they patch gear around, and they fart around, and they're lighting, and they're crawling around on the goddamn floor. No matter where to head you run into them, and they're looking for, oh man. No, I'm going to go to your brother. That's where to find a rock. Crack shfartures. It's unacceptable. Debate about that? No. No. How's that doing on our pull by the way? Not that good either. Not all that good. Schfarzer crack addicts only got 15 vote. Out of 266. We got one for root Dutchmen though, finally. Oh, we got one for root Dutchmen. Must be Hans. Oh, finally got on there. Hey, on back, Hans. The coast is clear. No more that head of a sexual banter. Okay. We're back to the gay banter. That the community loves and is a familiar with. A couple of turds, though, I said, we ought to do this. However, we haven't done really any turds stuff. I've been waiting. Probably disappointed to people out there. Probably finger-on-boy. He goes off to Amsterdam, and he's going to let us down with all our turds stuff. Let me do the break. Then we'll do little turds stuff. And we got Kathy Lee throws Frank out of the bedroom. Is that from the inquire? Of course. Have a scene out yet. Super hero nation. In touch with your thing about spider-man and Superman and all these things. Aspirant, the oldest new wonder drug. I'm going to do this one first. Right after the break. Because I know you hate broccoli. Well, guess what? Guess what? What? Two things. Number one, I love broccoli. And number two, it's even better for you than we thought. I don't know. It's really good for you. And anybody who doesn't like, like, say broccoli. You're like, I guess not. But like the frozen packages like broccoli or cauliflower with cheese sauce. I've seen them around. It's good stuff. You can have my portion. Okay. I love broccoli. When I was a little kid, when I was young and stupid. I see that's your problem. Somebody already told me that the Georgia stupid. And I think maybe he's got a point. When you're young and stupid, and you don't realize that the stuff is very good for you. And then as you acquire a different kind of taste as you become, oh, you know, you can't just stay with the same things. That's what my piazzat told me. 11 past noon at five, 60. And by the way, what does that expression mean? The tool of ignorance? What does that all about? I don't know. Thinking of a thing in a painting your home or business. Don't paint. Protect your investment with liquid ceramic. The technology born in NASA's PACE program is available now in South Florida. That's a good news for you. Liquid ceramic is the most advanced exterior interior and roof coating available in the universe. You too can have the same high tech ceramic technology that shields the space shuttle protecting your home or building. And you'll never ever have to paint again. You heard right. Liquid ceramic is guaranteed for as long as you own your home or building. Forget about repaying every few years. Liquid ceramic won't fade. It won't peel. It's guaranteed. The state of the art coating yields an R24 insulation equivalency. Helping you bring those electric bills down to. Liquid ceramics available in over 1800 different colors. So check out Liquid ceramic today called 305-3475122. Liquid ceramics been manufactured in Seoul for over 40 years in Zavailable right in South Florida as I speak. Call 305-3475122. That's 305-3475122. Or visit them on the net at liquidsuramic.tv. When you're probably sure to tell them that old Neo told you to cover up. God, where there are no loose, how straight to hell. It's a free unsports-redial 560 QAM. It's a fact in the turn. Freeze cat, marry. That is scary. Cause there's still God alone too, Barry. Ask your local child, bring. And you'll deny that this is happening. Father's family, father's family. Broken little boys makes him feel manly. He may try to shag ya. With holy water and fight. Agra, fly, fly, fly to the Vatican. They met in Roma. Try, try, try to wake the Pope. I think he's in a coma. Priest, are messing in confession. Tell your sins and they get erections. Just one other thing though. Who's gonna pull? Who's gonna pull? Who's gonna pull? Who's gonna pull the balls at? Beingo. We, 12. 12. 16 at 560. WQM. I guess he's probably got enough energy to pull the balls. Priest, who's welcome back. I tried to listen why you were gone. I like to show when George does it. George's sucked. He makes me sick. He tries hard to be you. F.M. George doesn't have to do that. I think that George and Suds would be perfect. Next time, please keep Joe on a midday when I'm sleeping. Says Chris, so there's a Joe Bashuriner. That's a good. Always good. Have somebody bash in your ass, right? Always. Right? I said something. You didn't hear anything. I didn't hear a thing. I thought you're mumbling again. You're mumbling again. Because we're on the, you just don't want to pick on Joe. I don't know why. Because when you're not there, Joe roaps you in ass. Yeah. Well, I still love it. Here's another one. It says, why does the nothing works here, guys? I sound exactly like Crispin Glover, Marty McFly from back to the future. Just an observation. Joe and George are great, but still missed you. You're welcome back. DJ Valentine. Who's that? Don't know. What? That. Oh. Hey. Yeah. See, we can start doing that. The audience isn't going to have any idea whether it's real or is it memory? I hate this place. Not through works here. Yeah. We know. Tell us something we don't know. Okay. Thank you very much. But very little or critique, by the way. So far, the show with George and Joe. So I'm assuming that means that everybody either was happy and they loved it and it was okay and they're used to it or the people who haven't turned back in yet. See, I'm not so sure. We're such a good idea. And I don't want you to take this the wrong way, but you will anyway, because you're so defensive lately and for good reason. But probably wasn't really such a good idea. You're doing the show yesterday. You and Joe. Okay. Should have played a tape? See, if we had a tape, if I mean even even an old crappy tape, because there was nobody less than any way. It's more of it. But at least it would have indicated that like I was coming back to you. If I were what I'm saying, hey, what have been wonderful to play a tape and not come here. I thought we were supposed to. We both did. Well, wait a minute. When you say you thought we were supposed to based on who who told you that. See, this is the problem. And again, Josh, and he references doing a wonderful job. I know. My checks came early. I love him. He's right on top of the thing with Julio here. He got me in touch with him. So we could straighten the phone thing out here and get everything you know. It sounded a way this today, which is great. But this goes back to when tough asked you. When he's still here, right, you know, Monday's Memorial Day. But the bottom line was Memorial Day. Nobody was supposed to be working. I mean, that's just to get us. No, like, are you doing a show Memorial Day? I said, you know what's wrong. You're going to be doing it. And I said, yeah, okay, I guess I will. Well, let me ask you this question. Did you work last Memorial Day? I don't remember that. No, back. No. Do we ever do a show Memorial Day? No, fourth of July. No, Labor Day. No, Christmas Day. No, New Year's Day. No, those are the ones. Hey, we thought we were being troopers. We would have been happy to take the day off. See, he's getting defensive. That wasn't the purpose. The point being, which you just, you just, you want to let it slide by. I'm just trying to make the point. No, I see your point that at least it gives the indication, whereas if people who don't want to hear you guys tune in yesterday, they think, well, Neil's gone for another week. They're not listening today. Okay. No, that comes in the great shot. Just like there are people who enjoyed you and they hear me back today. They don't want to hear all this gay banner. They're gone already. Those people are gone to join George Crowe, except for the one asshole that hung around long enough to fax me the little shot. Other than that, the George Crowe, George Crowe, sexual Crowe, they're gone. They're gone. It's just Neil and his thematic corny snout. That's all. That's right. That gay banter. Well, we'll never be that mistake again. Okay. But gay banner, evidently, is big these days. Judging from the reaction that Mike P. Otsa's story. How can it be like a Tom Brady? How would that have been interesting story? Tom Brady says he's gay. That would be fantasy. Oh, and by the way, speaking of that, I don't want to get it any more gay banner, except to mention, you know what day of the week it is today? Tuesday. Right. Now Robert Don't watch. I'm sure Robert Don't watch smallville. It's the need for him to watch that. Right. And in addition, which Robert to be watching the hockey game tonight anyway, right? Go Cains go. Oh. Oh, how's that? If the Cains are playing, how can we don't have it? How come we're not carrying the game? I'm sure you're at the good Robert. Right. Um, this is the one. We don't want a week's theon. There you go. No, seriously, how come we're not carrying it at least that one of our subsidiaries and some other horseball station that doesn't have anything else to put on? Don't we generally do that? And by the way, since I've been gone for a few days, who is doing and please don't please don't tell me. Who's doing her a coup in sports now? Now that Mark Van Dumer is officially gone as of the end of April. Who's the, the named? No comment. Here's the guy. Oh, no. No, please. Please. Oh, no. I know why we're not carrying a baseball game. That answers my question. So we have the South Florida professional at least close to a baseball team against the red tonight. We don't have any hurricane baseball. And some of us with a little bit better taste than Robert will be watching the leaves in Caroline tonight. Anyway, getting back to my broccoli business. Don't give yourself an ulcer eat broccoli. This from CNN.com. Broccoli and broccoli sprouts contain a chemical that kills the bacteria responsible for most stomach cancer. Say, researchers confirming the dietary advice that moms have been handing out for years. You know, Dr. Mom? Like your mom with her bad hemorrhage. Oh, God. Well, so far a thing killed Helicopter pilots. He'll tell you how you say that. Helicopter back to your pulory. Oh, yeah. I know what that H. That's H. Pilari. Remember that time when I had all those tests? I had to give the stool samples. And I thought I had stomach cancer. And I was having all those pains. That's H. Pilari. They have a test for that. A bacteria that causes stomach ulcers and often fatal stomach cancers. And the good news is there appears to be enough of it in broccoli sprouts and some varieties of broccoli. The benefit people who eat the vegetables. The levels in which we tested it are such that those could be achieved by eating broccoli or broccoli sprouts. It's a reasonable level that we think should be reached in the stomach said, Jed, W. F. He of the Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine. The findings have reported in today's issue of the proceedings of the National Academy of Science, which, of course, all of us read religiously. I feel quite comfortable suggesting people eat more fruits and vegetables, specifically cruciferous vegetables. Why do you have to bring religion into it? Does it know what happened to Jesus? He got cruciferide? That's what we've fried. Specifically cruciferous vegetables, specifically broccoli phase said, No relation to Bill F. We know it's safe in healthy. We know self-forafane is effective in protecting against cancers. Dr. Paul Talle, a core. Now have we talked about him before? We've had his name on. I don't remember his name. I just know that name. Dr. Paul Talle, a core researcher at Johns Hopkins, had previously reported self-forafane is an effective anti-cancer region. And the news that he's extended that worked to the bacteria that causes stomach cancer and ulcers. Boy. In the lab, the scientists found that self-forafane even killed helical backer that was resistant to commonly used antibiotics. He liked that. So, broccoli is not only good for you, but it's even stronger than anti-biotics. They also sure to kill the bacteria, whether it's inside or outside cells and people. The bacteria can hide in cells lining the stomach, making it more difficult to hear where the infection said, the studies concentrated on mice and the researchers will now seek to determine if the same effect occurs in humans. I was going to be on for a while with a much higher through the. That was a chronic David Jeff Heiz, a neighbor that keeps vaccinating penis stuff. Hey, get off the penis crap already. We did David. Fact. Big penis isn't small, penis is. I was just an Amsterdam, okay, David. I don't need any of the infections about penises. I saw my share. So, how do you like this about broccoli? So, for our fainus, we've been shown to have anti-cancer properties. But the amount present varies widely among varieties of broccoli. They're doing research to develop varieties of broccoli with higher levels of the chemical. They're working on it. But at the same time, it can't hurt. A little broccoli, Georgia can't hurt. I wish I could keep it down. You know how I don't mind broccoli is like a raw and a salad. Yeah. So, what's wrong with that? Nothing. You know, the balance for life stuff has that in and all the time. And I eat that raw broccoli, yeah. So, then don't give me this crap about, you know, like, black. Don't start sounding like Georgia, or Walker Bush. Leave that to Robert. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Georgia, or Walker Bush. You're supposed to be the leader. Okay. Who'd be side-saint, read my lips, and look at what a wh-a-a sniveling a wimp I am. Also said, the broccoli sucks. It sucks. It does not suck. broccoli is damn good stuff, man. And that next you're going to be telling me that nestle's turtle sucks. And I'm not eating no nestle's turtle, they see you think you're going to get me all whipped up into a frenzy. And I'm going to go out and have another relapse. Please don't. And you might have a point. But I'm not. And you want to know why I'm not? Why? Because I don't want to go back to all that pain with my back and my sore early neck. I'll let stomach stuff. Because I would love to go and have some of that Thai food again, but I can't eat Thai food ever again. Can't do it. Sally. I just can't, I mean, the Thai, and I realized that you can go into a Thai restaurant order from the menu. And you can, you know, you can say, my old, you don't, stuff like that. But then with a milder, it is the last tasted has. So what's the point? What would be the point in that? None. I don't know if it would be, no better like going out and getting a pint of Benjiri's fish food and sucking on the cardboard and just not eating the ice cream. I would be the point in that. None. Talk about a tees man. Nothing worse than sucking on cardboard. That's what my piazza says. Law suits and prosecutions take legal matters out of churches hands. Long trusted to quietly resolve its own problems. The Roman Catholic Church in the U.S. is being forced in the unfamiliar realm of the courts by the fear over allegations of sexual abuse by priests. Nationwide, multimillion dollar lawsuits are forcing church leaders to turn over records in the case of Boston's cartinal law. Testify under oath about what they knew and win. There's a possibility of criminal prosecution for church, superiors who may have looked the other way. Until recently lawsuits by Ledves victims usually were settled quietly out of court and police and prosecutors. Often were content to give church officials lead way to handle discipline and turnily lawyer said. In the past, it was a minimum level of scrutiny to anything the church did because it was presumably acting. In the best interest of people said the Reverend Raymond C. O'Brien, a Catholic University law professor in a parish priest. The sex abuse scandal now has changed everything he be saying. Although the civil lawsuit take money damages from the church. Some lawyers for alleged victims are now passing their findings on due criminal prosecutors. ORI! Prosecutors also are increasingly willing to begin their own investigations. And if demanded records on potential abuses from several church administrators, criminal charges probably are inevitable for church higher-ups who knew of child abuse and failed to report it or who are shown to have covered up for a pedophile lawyer said, which is outstanding news to us, including Cardinal Law who ought to be doing 10 to 20 right now. Who, by the way, your president, the Robert supports a whole heartedly and enthusiastically. Just like he had a deport on a shoulder and said, don't fall down pops. No, base perfect. Yeah, and believe me, he's the working hard to prove it. But he sure has an engaging grin. 1227 at 5.60 WQM. Summer time is here already. Believe me, it's 182 degrees in the shade in between the rain. Is it still raining? Look out to my window. Look at my window. It's sunny and beautiful here. Anyway, ORIO Med is a product that will make you feel your best to keep you in good health no matter how hot our human gets in San Florida. Believe me, they say this summer it's going to be like a furnace like an oven. I'm sorry, Robert, shouldn't I say oven. ORIO Med is a soft-tailed capsule contains pharmaceutical grade olive oil along with vitamins and minerals and urbles. To promote health for all different aspects of your body, for your prostate. There's a separate product for your heart, for your blood pressure or cholesterol. ORIO Med's also got supplements to promote health and your circulatory system. Your digestive and endocrine system, your skin and bones, even your mind, all using the benefits of the best olive oil and money can buy. Don't forget ORIO Med's got products for guys and for you ladies out there as well. ORIO Med's available at Walgreens Whole Food, Markets, Liberal Pharmacy and Sedanas. It's a stupid, as exciting new product. If you'd like to learn more about ORIO Med, how it works and what it does for you, just call them toll-free, the answer to your questions call 1-866-OVO Med. That's 1-866-ORIO-O-E-O-M-E-D, or can also order their products on their website. So, there might not be any food, but we can take your tips on which video 566-O. You A-A. Hey, asshole. Hey, world, I'm back. Know that I'll sing about diarrhea. Just let it run its course. Holy crap, Susie. You gotta do something about that diarrhea. Today, I did what was right from my body. I took a motor. My summer, when a modia matey can stop diarrhea safely and gently, often in just one dose. You need two doses believe me. When a modia matey restore your cell report. Okay, 121 at 560 WDQ and what are some really interesting facts is here. Including this one that goes, you see, one that goes on and on and on for pages. That's like any sense. But at the, these people I have like their own newsletter. I don't, I just don't get, but at the top of this one he writes, by the way, Joe is soft, soft as a bag of marshmallows. Please no more Joe, and it's got like a bunch of zes, you know? Kind of like, like the beast. So, Joe's starting to take a little a heat from the audience out there, which is good, because that'll toughen him up a little bit. There's nothing worse than a guy who thinks he's going to be a top show with thin skin, Joe. Just keep that in mind. What? No, I've just reached in back there. Okay, facts is off of there. It's going to exercise, man. If you could see, you'd be very impressed with this thing. And now the fact of one of the same wavelength that I, this is, this is phenomenal. I was just telling Julio during the break. Whatever they do when they correct the line and fix the problem, please don't go back to the way it was with the... No way, no chance. Tell him, I'll be sick for a long time. Like for the rest of the summer if that happens, because I don't, I don't want to go back to that way. When you hear the difference between the way this is, and at momentary, it's always like everything was a half second apart. It was driving me nuts. I haven't had a headache by the end of the show. Right. And I couldn't hear a guy damn thing you were saying, which it's not bad enough you mumbled to begin with, but then on top of that, the half second delay. And I'm always saying, what is it? What? How am I? Like I'm having Rush Limbaugh disease all of a sudden, like I'm getting deaf. Why? Anyway, here's the fact that this is Neil. I heard that the same post column the writer was fired for last week. And then went out of reading an email from a listener that suggested an unnamed met at the gossip item. Was Robbie Alamarsan said has been rumored for years that he was gay, because he dated tennis player question mark. Yes, that rumor has been going around. Brady Anderson, Robby. Somebody called right after that and said, how would aren't you doing the same thing? The gossip column is did. Aren't you broadcasting an upset unsubtenciated rumor about a baseball player, which most said, no, no, no. You don't understand. We're talking about the bigger picture here. Should it player section about it? Come at a question blah blah blah. And listen, or hammer to him at least two more times until most said, well, maybe you're right. I see your point into the call. Now, chair is still wet. Says top from Hollywood. Of course, I'm doing it again in spreading rumors. Well, PSR, I love George and Joe on a year. If they had two tits between them, I'd be very want to be. Well, how do you like that? Well, sorry, I only have one. Oh. And based on the last couple of facts, I don't think George Joe is got any. So, Joe started to take a little bit of, uh, his boring. What was the other one that said he's, uh, something? Come on in, do soft. Soft. He's very soft. Here's one from Yale and Marco Wildo says, and one of the show's last week. George is partner. That's Joe. It vised us that he loves hip hop and would attend the upcoming festival. Like I said, man, between his stock car racing and his goddamn hip hop, never like that Joe to begin with. After throwing up, I gathered enough strength to turn the radio off. This guy makes George look great. Welcome back, Niel. Ha ha ha ha. A bit of a double shot there. Yeah. He loves hip hop. Oh, my God. He's got some very strange taste. Do you know that? Yeah, I do know that. I mean, I love Joe. He's a good guy, but he is got very peculiar. Besides being a Yankee fan, which I mean, that alone, you know, puts him into a category that makes him repulsive in some ways. But, uh, other than that, and plus Christina Aguilar, he's into the mouse he looked. I'm surprised he's not gonna have the hats from Maria Bartiromo. Maybe he hasn't seen her. Maybe he just can't handle the heavy bags, all the baggage. Here's one of it says, I found the George and Joe combo very entertaining. Maybe they can get their own show. Bob, PS glad you're back. Thank you, Bob. I'm glad to be back too. I'm sure I am. I'm still on vacation, but I'm right here in Toronto. Right. Your son is beautiful. I'm not back. You're back there. Right. I'm back here. Got off the plane at Pearson and by the way, I should point out that we're supposed to land here at the 410pm on Sunday. Got off about 45 minutes late because of that usual while we got some late baggage to put on it, set it up and so on. Landed. Guess what time? 410pm. You could have sit your life on it. How do you like that, huh? How often does that happen? I was here in my joint by a before five o'clock in the afternoon. It was sensational. Oh, beautiful. Whether warm, dub just in time for me coming back all week long. It's looking like it's going to be beautiful. Sounds great to me. We got Jim Manage coming up. And what was the story last week? Was anybody else out? Because I noticed that the mold this morning said everybody's back. I guess just because of the holidays. Pretty much. Everybody was there. Because I know when I left we had Joe was doing a gym and Jim was doing Joe. And then there were all those rumors about Joe wants to go back on the air again. I'll kind of stuff going on. Oh, I guess who I talked to for MAMES to them. Norma can't. Oh, I forgot to take it. This is going to make your day. This will make your day. And I haven't even got to Kathy Lee Bands Frank from the bedroom yet. Or the thing about the proposed TV show with Bubba and Monica Lewinsky is guest. Bill and Monica TV reunion. Blockbuster question mark. All America would be watching. It said this is in the inquirer. Is this from the star? Nothing inquirer. So you know, there must be something to it or not. So Norma Kent calls me the misguided one. The one who just can't find his real place in life. The one who really believes he's a broadcaster. To get my feeling. There's to feel me out. He's been offered. He's accepted. There's who knows who's paying for it. On FTL the light bulb. And our day between 10 and 11 a.m. to broadcast. They're underwriting it in Panama. Big chunk of money to talk about HIV insurance. Uh huh. An information. Right. 10 to 11 a.m. every day for like a year or something like that. Which I mean after you talk about the first hour. I don't know what to say about after that. But nevertheless, you say it again. He'll take the money. Now you do understand 10 to 11 a.m. This is my attorney who represents me. Sounds like your conflict of interest to me. Uh huh. Heading against you. Right. I said Norma, have a good time sweetheart. Just do your thing. You don't go on my face. I'm going to be a person who's a little bit about the way I started. I started a small film and Robert went into a thing about he was watching her. Her. Her. Her. Her. Her. Her. Her. Her. Her. Her. Her. Her. Her. Her. Her. Her. Oh, that. Is that what he was talking all the way to him? Women. I could have confused. Those are the correct ones. Oh, you were talking about the hockey cones. The hookoons? See, when he said go her cones, I wasn't even thinking. Because there's so many teams there. Name her cones. You realize we got three. We got a whole bunch of teams. Name her cones. So you're rooting for Carolina? Go Weaksy. No. You know. Weaksy ain't playing. Okay. Weaksy ain't playing. He's busy. He just to be contrary. Just to be a prick. There's Robert. He's getting even with all the bushbashing. Now, his comment is go Carolina. You have well, why would anybody root for Carolina? Anybody. I can't even imagine. Now, looks like Carolina and Colorado. Now, at least they both begin with a seal. Give me that Carolina and Colorado and the Stanley Cup. Finals. My God. Talk about a deathmail for the sport. Man. Yeah. On that's right. I'm the imagine. Maybe some of her Roberts not so distant. Relative is actually grew up in the hills up there. Rally. Or like any environs. Yeah. Yeah. So did you look up in your TV guide? Yes. And I clocked nine o'clock at the repeat. Oh, it's a repeat. Well, I've seen it then. That's okay. A corrupt cop coerces Clark into joining forces with him. No, I haven't seen that. Well, then it's new to. I haven't seen it either. So it's new to both of us. All right. Let's hear it for Smallville, baby. All right. And the lovely Tom Welling. Now, when's he coming out? Out of what? Heating. I'm telling you what. If that ever happened on that day, they'd have to sedate me. You know how we have these situations. I got exactly the sedation dentist. They'd have to sedate Neil. 21 before getting tongue tied now. Just get back. Quit with a gay banner and get back to doing your radio show. Stop with all the goddamn hysteria with all this, uh, the loons of grand door. Tom Welling wouldn't give you. But the normal can't speak of that. Did I remember I told you about how he met him out there and, uh, shooting in Vancouver? That's what he said. I was shooting it. I think it was one enormous hallucination. It was a bad acid trip or maybe a bad weed. 350 votes on a pool. That's a little more like it. Which of these phrases or expressions are the most redundant? Cheap old Jews, 67, which of course George came up with that for obvious reasons. Dumb red neck 54 religious fanatic 452. Boying baseball game 33. Good one. Chief French Canadian 28. Petaphob priest 24. hysterical old Julio 19. Schwarzer Crack addict 16. Jew hating Arab 16. Silly Brit five and rude Dutch men's only got one. I'll still believe it. And I know which one it is to the one nearly killed me on the tram. Just practically pushed me right off the edge on the dam rack. 4.1 at 5.60 WQM. If you want to go out to a great restaurant, I mean, we got a lot of restaurants in South Florida. They're pretty good. Some better than others. But one that's really great. And I use that term very sparingly. Armadillo Cafe is definitely in that category. They've been around a time for a long time. For the past 14 years in row, they've been voted one to best restaurants in Broward. And that's because they really are. They're an institution in town. And now they're in a great better location. Better because it's easy to get to because they got tons of free parking. There were 3,400 South University drive just south of 5.95 in Davy. Right in the pizza law placer there behind peer went imports. The food is out of this world. Start out with an appetizer like the Tequila Grilled Shrimp with Corncakes. Try the Tempura Island Princess Conk. Try one of their terrific spinach salads with glazed pecans. The pistachio crested mozzarella salad with lemon basil dressing. So even if you're like watching your weight, you can go there and try any of the phenomenal salads that they've got there out of this world. And the enthrase are all prepared with the best and freshest ingredients like the panceared yellow tail snapper with roasted peppers. Try the sea bass with sweet corn and the field glaze. The roasted porchini mushroom dusted. Oh man out of this world. Grilled tender one of ostrich with goat cheese. And smash potatoes and pork wine and sundried cherry sauce. And if that doesn't turn you on, wait until you get to the dessert. The Armadillo Cafe is crimberly as the best you've ever had in the world no matter how many places you've been in. I never had these, but every time I read it, it gives me goosebumps. Warm chocolate fritters covered in hot and hot fudge out of this world. Call Armadillo Cafe for reservations for real feast. 9 5 4 4 2 3 99 54. That's 9 5 4 4 2 3 99 54. Check them out on their website. If you like it Armadillo Cafe.com, be sure to tell me the whole deal. Send you by for a feast. If anyone else, see this video. I was going to get a company. Send a capital. We've 9 to 10 on Sports Video 5 60. Pshue. Holy Macanan. This is Joe Bow on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs. And you're listening to the hockey authority. Neil God. Let's get a party to run. Tonight on Fox. It's a Liberty Boxing Tree. Our 2-D-2 versus Steven Hawking. Now, fight my fuel overgrown vibrator. Now, we're not in a face. The rock versus minimise. Already for it. First man, the toucher will have to come through me. Oh, you man. So Liberty Boxing Tree. Now, you little bastard. For you, freaking idiot. 5 45 at 5 60 WKM. My poundjazz to Robert for getting all confused before when I was talking about the hockey game tonight. I thought it was the baseball thing because I heard this morning on the update. They were talking about their hirkun baseball team made it to the something. The regionals? Yes, they did. So you're not talking about hirkun baseball because hirkun's, I mean, like, is there really a hockey team named that? No, not really. Here's the fact this is Joe Bow's. He's brain-leboiled. A lot of heat on Joe today. He's taken some real abuse and guess what? The good news is how much he's listening right now. Don't you think? I don't know. No, no, you don't understand. He didn't work last night. Oh, that's right. See, this is, even though it's Tuesday, it's more like Monday because it's a day that he didn't work so like Monday every now and then he would come into the morning and like visit us on Mondays and be sociable for a couple of months. He won't be doing that anymore in the future after these fangs. But anyway, so he might be listening right now, which is good. Knock him down a few pegs. Don't let him get a big swell head, you know. Think he's a big shot with that overnight show where nobody don't even have enough people listening to fill a phone booth. I mean, it's nice you got that number in air and he's working very conscientiously at it. We had it and he's trying to build something. That's good, but let's face it. Anybody that says he likes hip hop. It says Joe blows his brainless, putting him in George back to back made George look like a genius. Well, there you go. See? I like that, Joe. There you go. See how I build you out. You were right on the ropes, right on the edge. Stay in the celebrity boxing and I barely rash out. Just when they thought you were out, I drag you back in. I'll never question your judgment again. Joe, I think I have an audience. Shut up. If you're opposed to the audience who missed the callers and hate you reading, the people who opposed thinking, please keep Joe where he belongs overnight with his sports morons. Thanks, is a lady in Hollywood. How do you like that, Joe? Yeah. Not a rousing endorsement from the audience on the Joe factor there. You say, why are you not going to say much? I love Joe. But I talk a little first. This is business. We're not talking personal. I don't like the job that he does on the air. Yeah. I always thought that. I mean, this isn't the first time you guys are going to do that. But the way these facts are implying and maybe these people haven't heard that before. But quite a few of them. They don't like it. Although in the past before he had his own show, maybe he was like less prominently involved if you get my drift. Yeah, and so now in other words, these like stepping out and kind of like being more of a part of the show. Now they get to understand that he's like a boring. They don't like that. Well, what can I say? My mother says all you talk about is sex. She never misses a minute. That's right, and just like Rimmer can't stand you one year. Thafafafafafafafafafafafave talked about talked about Reggae da-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa prerse-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa- $8,000 to a man who would accuse the homosexual assault and allegation to prelet the eyes. The single victim in Milwaukee, if he is one, was an adult, unlike the scores of children, who accused priest and bosset of molestation and their archbishop of complicity, for his serial cover-ups of their crimes. Why no company speedy act on the part of Pope John Paul II to accelerate the retirement of Cardinal Law? At age 70, he is only five years younger than Wichland was reached mandatory retirement age. Consistency is the standard for the Pups' pronouncements and matters of faith and morals, so Wichland's quick demise in law's stubborn hole could not have anything to do with the fact that the former has been a thorn in the Vatican side, at least as long as the letter has been a reliable champion. Could it? While for criticism by conservative Catholics, his advocacy of a mirage clergy, the ordination of women in a greater role for the lay aty, undermined the teachings of the church. The Vatican forbade a Dominican-run university in Switzerland to grant Wichland an honorary degree after he invited women to a meeting to share their views on birth control and abortion, the Pope cannot be so ready to see him go. While by contrast is the most conservative Cardinal in the U.S., with a record of enforcing Orthodoxy slapping down the Senate marginalizing the lay aty, while offering churches as staging areas for assaults on women's health clinics, by such anti-abortion extremists' operation rescue, the Pope must be reluctant to lose him. But the question of consistency is not the Vatican's alone, the Wichland resignation forces progressive Catholics to face the dilemma that confronted liberals, in the cases of President Clinton and former Republican Senator Bob Packwood of Oregon. Clinton was impeached for a sexual misconduct with the White House intern, and Packwood was forced to resign for a sexual harassment. The work-placement's conduct for which both men were condemned is in an anathema to liberals, but it proved difficult for me to denounce either man because of their political support for gay rights, pay equity reproductive rights, family leave and other causes the left holds dear. Wichland has been one of the highest-ranking champions of change in an increasingly conservative church hierarchy, he was a rare sign of hope for reformative Catholics who now see more than angry at his precipitous fall from grace. The rampovalans can be explained in part by the ambiguous nature of the accusation against him, Paul Mark who was 31 in 1979, a graduate student in theology when he claims Wichland sexually assaulted him. The archbishop was 52, Mark who did not bring his charges until 1997 when he did Wichland denied them but then pay $450,000 to buy his silence. In a lane-attempit self-destification Wichland said he had earned more than that amount in speaking fees than he had turned over to the archdiocese. A 1980 letter from Wichland to Mark who released last week reads like nothing so much as a misive of love and heartbreak in it Wichland tells Mark who that expects to be ridiculed by him for returning to his vow of celibacy and that he cannot supplement with church funds the $14,000 in personal funds he had given him to finance a video project. Mark who might be an assault victim or he might be a spurned lover but Wichland at the very least put the protection of his privacy ahead of the needs of his flock and abused his power by either seducing or abusing a younger man susceptible to his power and influence. He is now paying the price for his misjudgment when will law be a kind held accountable for his. S. Ily McNamur and Aboston Globes this weekend. Now they're excellent article that Globes done a spectacular job blowing the little off his whole thing and just get by blows. I think is a very good way to put it in it blows. A lot of blow and going on. The wise lady once told us. Remember her at IOD? If you blow too much, you're in trouble. That's what she said. I think she may have had a point. How you doing Terry? Where is she these days? Is she still a worse one? What is she doing? I'm not sure. She'll call. Well we wish you the best. Yeah, call and Terry won't take your call or anybody else's but at least we appreciate it. 252 we did take that one call that a boy sounded great. It almost inspired me to take like another one or two, you know what? I might just do that when we come back. 252 at 560 WCM got the mad dog at one o'clock the hysterical hound the angry puppy. If you're tired of hassles with your cellular service to your Terry to that $50 month plan that you thought you were getting which winds up cost you $100 a month. They get on the team with team cell tech at cell tech communications. Your authorized next tell representative for over 25 years. Self-explan providing cell photo with the best service they can. They take the hassle away from dealing with a cellular company not to mention the expense. And right now next tell shared rewards plan. I'll you to share 4,000 monthly minutes with free incoming calls for just $54.99. Cell tech's got a stupid selection of other plans no matter what your budget with most including free incoming calls nationwide long distance. Colouride the voice mail and next tell's unique direct connect to a radio feature too. So whether it's one phone a thousand a resident take it for me in their very own starting quarterback the spokesman J. Feele who's all over the place. Cell tech communications your authorized next tell representative is the only smart way to go. That's $800 cell tech to today and get yourself connected. That's $800 C.E.L.T.E.C. and the number two. Cell tech communications. Drivers. Drivers. The joey marcho over night science for 305 60. QA.N. Hey man, bitch, I f***ed them out. It's the kill Clinton talk show. Thank you. Thank you to Johnny Lee. We got a great show tonight. My first talk show. September stay Colin Powell will be dropping out. Dick Chany will be here. President George Bush will be here and I knew I'd get you guys. You were so damn gullible. You didn't think those guys were really going to show here. Did you know? Anyway, you know, last been pretty good to me after the presidency. I still see Hillary now and again. We went to a baseball game all the day. Picture came up to me and whispered something to my ear and I leaned over to Hillary and I said, but it she took off. And I said, I said, I said, throw out the first pitch. No, but I met some nice woman. I met a woman, nice girl speaks eight languages. Nice part is she can't say no on any of them. Oh, you know, I still like to stay fit. I went out jogging just the other morning. I tripped. And I got out of the fell right in the river and this little kid came swimming over me and drags me out and I said, how can I thank you when you said, well, how about a new wheelchair? I said, well, boy, sure, don't look handicapped. He said, I will be when my dad finds out I saved your ass. Thumb glad I got a talk show here. You know, it hasn't been easy to talk though. I've had a little problem with my voice. So I went to a specialist and I asked the doctor the best way to stop losing my voice. He said, stop eating your words. I hear something weird. You know, I went skiing out west and I'm looking in the snow there and I say someone had relieved themselves and written, Clinton must die in the snow. So I called the cops and then they took a sample of that yellow snow and called me the next day and they said, Mr. Clinton, that yellow snow belonged to one of your best friends, Al Gore. And I said, dying, I knew I couldn't trust him. What could be worse than that and they said it was Hillary's hand, right? Don't go away, what the red back! Can't wait for that show. What's wrong with this place? I guarantee it. Forget the Super Bowl. Forget the Oscars. Get ready for the biggest TV event ever. Bill and Monica together again. It's in the inquire. So there must be maybe something to it or not. Instant hit. Poppy. Are you interrupting again? Not me. No wonder Joe sounded so bad. You know it. Probably wouldn't let him get a word in edge wise. Probably every time he started talking about hockey you could him off. I know how that works. Powerful friends of the former president have been quietly exploring the possibility of reenacting the notorious couple on a small screen. The inquire is learned exclusively. This will generate the highest ratings in the history of television. It's clear to the inside of close to the situation. While Clinton has denied numerous reports that he's negotiating for his own TV show, the inquire has learned that he's still very interested in the possibility. What's more, high-powered Hollywood pals are actively pursuing a TV deal for him. Clinton could certainly use the money that a hit TV show would generate while he's burning millions since leaving president's TV.