No one I'm going to read the article. You won't be laughing about this. One of my bedtime stories. From counterpunch the one I alluded to before Chris Lloyd the Pentagon plan to provoke terrorist attacks. I don't think you're going to like this too much. And those right wingers, those peridoid, right wingers don't like it either. See, if like I said a moment ago, I had a far more can for radio station. That's a very successful one by the way. And no matter who it is, if I'm trying to really do damage to any one or any program on a station and across the station money, I'm like a trigger in a wood pile. Follow my door or should not say that. See what I'm saying? Watch it. My behavior is absolutely unacceptable if that be the case. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon line. Fort Lauderdale. Hello. It's Neil. Yes sir. Hey, you have to be believe about that to you. Sorry I couldn't get to you before. That's okay. It was only a month ago. I'm sorry. I just wanted to come see you think about it. Has whatever seemed my odd and relevant jumps together? Here's a cruel springs. Hello. Not that one. Hello. Yes sir. How are you? I'm okay. First time I'm listening to your show and I like it very much. Yes. And I'm calling about that gentleman that called and said this country is not good enough for him. He wants to move to Vancouver. Yes. Fire is I'm concerned. Ship a mile out of here. This is the greatest country that ever lives in the Spirits Secretary Colm Powell. I think he's the greatest secretary that the United States. Secretary of One. No. I'm asking you what is the secretary of Secretary of the United States? Is this the secretary of the United States? Is this the secretary of the United States? What is his title? What is Condoleezza Rice's title? What's wrong with her? What is her title? Very good. Let's hear it. Give a couple of those bells going for this one. And what's colonthal's title again? Secretary of State. Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah. Somebody must be slipping you stuff out of the table there. Notes. Okay. Have a great day. Okay. Good idea. Schmuck. 560. That's all goose step. This is the greatest country used to be. Okay. She used to be. Once upon a time. Maybe I'm not sure that. But when people are spending 20 years in jail for smoke at a pin joint. Then there must be something wrong somewhere where everybody's blown each other's brains. Because everybody's got guns, a cash of gun. There might be something wrong there. Okay. And when people aren't allowed to give their opinion without being a hassle, because it doesn't tow the company line, then freedom of speech is an anacronism. It's something from the past. It's gone. It's ancient history, baby. Because one thing about these fascist lunatics that are taking control of your government and all their secretaries, they don't like criticism. You tow the line, baby, because it's us against them. It's the good guys that evil to worship against the good guys. Right? Right on. The evil to worship against us will be publicoons. That's what it's all about. I know. This is for 2056. You way down. Wonderful. WQAM. That's a... It's a... it's on your dial. 007 is back in. The sequel never dies. My name is Ball. James Ball. Once again, Bond. James Bond takes on the bad guys, with cheesy foreign accents held back on world domination. After 2050, it is finally time for you to die this time. It's vintage Bond, stealing up the screen with yet another suggestively named woman. His pleasure to make you Mr. Bond. My name is Leslie Almonkey Spirell. James Bond returns in the sequel never dies, with action and venture romance product placement at a new twist on the same old scene. I'd like a more cheating. I know, I know. Yes. And I would like that. Shaking Knudstered. We all know! You've seen it before. Now, see it again. The sequel never dies. Coming soon to the same theater where you saw the last James Bond flick. It's 16 to 0.560, you know, in a rather unsafe remove the folks at WRFS. Can't stop reading that, Barry. I mean, you must be doing a jungle juice or something. You must be... Maybe Mommy's pack and magic mushrooms in your lunch area, in a brown paper sack. 560560, pound 560 on a AT&T line. Despite vote cockfighting night yet down for the count, you'll be pleased to hear this. Oh, no. Although what's on in Florida though. Oklahoma's newly enacted van on cockfighting was supposed to become a law last Friday, but a state district judge in rural Itabell. Am I saying that right? I don't know. I'm a house you'd said. Issued at temporary restraining order blocking its enforcement till he can examine a chance of laws constitutionality. State voters approved a referendum banning the blood support in Tuesday's valetting, which would have made raising or fighting the birds of felony punishable Bob to 10 years imprisonment. Oh, by the way, remember I said I wasn't really going to name more diet soda? Yeah, you lied. Change my mind. That'll be too. Louisiana, New Mexico to Maine, the only states where cockfighting is legal. But the Oklahoma Gainfall Breeders Association, which asserts there about 50,000 cockfighters across the state of Oklahoma, Poutsuit and Judge Willard Dressals, Aitabell Court Friday afternoon. Their claims include that the laws to vaguely worded and will the privacy doesn't raise in Gainfall of their property without compensation. Greasily agreed to block law till a hearing schedule for November 18, but even if the Oklahoma cockfighters are successful over turning lie federal ban, I'm transporting the federal fighting birds across state lines is scheduled to take effect in May. The federal birds. I guess the Eagles, the federal birds don't you know the colon pile of secretary of the United States? And a fine one too. And a fine one. We ain't never had a better secretary of the US of A, then colon, uh, power. Colon, I'm rolling. Don't let me forget noon. Chris Lloyd. Okay. What would you rather hear it noon? Chris Lloyd or Pink Floyd? What's Pink Floyd? 560, 560, pound 560, on the 60th D line. Here's Miami, hello. Hello? Yes, sir. Hi, yes. This is right. You're going to have Miami Metro Zoo. There's always one of the colon. Finally, get to call today your board at K2. Uh, I just wondering, um, everything I listen to, and I hear this like little sound in the background. It sounds like a gameboy being turned on. You hear a little sound in the background? Yeah, sounds like a booty sound. Like, like that? You died, Joe. Yeah. You ever come by the zoo before? No. All right. Come by. They have this. You know, you know, why I'm a geolused to call this your all the times better fact? Oh, guys. That guy. Yeah. Is he still there? Oh, yeah. He hasn't left. In fact, you might enjoy hearing this wait a minute. Hi, this is Ron McGill. For Mommy Metro Zoo. And I listen to that new Rogers want to chew our? No, let's see, better than sex with the animals. Hmm. There's no trade monkeys in the background right here. I feel like that. I had our truck monkey's running out. Yeah, there you go. I got a dollar one at work. I made you day. Okay. Have a great day, Pat. All right. Thank you. And watch out for those trained monkeys. All right. See you. How do you like that? A call from the Metro Zoo. You ever been there? Nope. I have any too far away. I've been to the per jungle. Saw those perits in the cockatoo. And my car's and I've been to the monkey jungle. I never wasted the monkey jungle all over. We have to start. We have to start going there to start recruiting, you know? Like I need to use to say, we better go be couting. 560, 560, pound 560 on a year. Have we had any women call in today? Not that I recall. Very one. Very bitter. Very bitter about this female thing. I look at that book and boy, you know what a giant number we can have if we had a female audience. Oh no, man. And I look back at IOD because that wasn't a strictlyest sports station. We never had any giant number. And we were a little bit more. But nothing exciting. It's not fashionable to listen to a for women listen to this show or A. I'm in general. Although it's very strange because I go to the hockey games or I go to the supermarket and all these women all the way. Love you show with us every day. I mean tons of them. But they either just don't get the diaries or they feel, I don't know somebody standing over their shoulder when they feel their diaries out. And like I said, look at that. I was already saying it before you said that there's one there, right? You were already saying it, right? Psychic powers kicking in again. Leave in Miami, hello. Hello. Yes, man. Melee. Yes. I'm so glad you picked my line because I heard you complaining about the female women. Right. And here I am. I'm a daily listener. I love your show. I love your comedy and your show. And it's unfortunate for a mo in the rest out there who don't appreciate your humor. Mm-hmm. It's the dosage for us and we're hooked on it and I'm sure there's a lot of other who he is out there that lives into your show. They're just in the closet. Exactly. Well, the closet's getting pretty crowded. And in closing, I want to say hello to John. He's a listener also. He's a teenager. Hi, John. Thank you. You have a great day. Okay. Why? How do you like that, huh? Ask and you shall receive. We got Julio's and Julio's and young and old and in between. We got a whole bunch of closet people out there listening. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Don't forget your roast for the mad dog that they won because the mad dog is looking his womb, baby. He is really a burnt ear. Talk about green lizards. He's probably got a hose up to a whole vat of it. What you think? You think? After the Dalton's got hose to get in last night. And I know all Ray Lucas didn't play all that bad. The same old story. But you know, on that last drive did Carlos watch the game at all last night? Yep. The whole sad thing. Okay. Now, during the end, after it was the jet kicked the fieldgoaters. Still like the little over two minutes to go to get one. Maybe for the two minute warning. They make a nice play to get to like the 37 yard line. Then he gets sick. But they still got plenty of time. Am I right? Yeah. I have plenty of time. Now plenty of time to get in a fieldgoal position for Olandamade. And he threw two of the worst passes I've ever seen in my boat right into the ground. He's a good player when it's not a precious situation. Right. I don't want to use the term choke because that's a really negative A term. But when the game is on a line man, he just don't have it. He just seems to panic. That's what we miss feetler. That's when he performs the worst as opposed to J. Feeller, who in those situations remember the great scramble for touch downs, all the other great things he pulled out of his ass. Oh, sorry. Very improbable times at the end of games. I mean, phenomenal. So all new people that were knocking out good Jewish boy J. Feeller from Dartmouth, T.O.K. All you fully doll fans. No matter who it is that can never do an out of good enough job to satisfy the public down there. It was Danny Boy, he never got the ring, he never got the ring. He never got the ring. Oh, never do a good enough. And then of course that we're sucking all over Jimmy's Johnson, what the hell did he ever win there? Ever win anything? No. He's the busy making phone calls to Troy Acmon. And I'll be honest with you, the Drakeman ain't doing that bad on the fox thing on TV, you know? No, consider. Sport your worst game he was on was on. Was he on the Patriots game? He was on one of the games I watched yesterday, which is about 15 games. But he's not doing too bad. She's doing all right. Here to speak on a sheet. Here's a lady in a Western. Hello. Hi. Yes, man. How are you, Neil? I'm doing great. I wanted to wish my husband and the happy 40th birthday. Today? Today? Well, I'll be dog on. Hey Andy. Happy birthday. 40. That's a spring chicken. Yeah. Because if you have you birthday too, I heard yours last week. Yeah, but mine is 60. Pretty old. That's okay. You still have to. I still don't look at day over 59. That's right. Thanks, Neil. Thanks. Have a great day. You too, babe. Bye bye. Nice safe trip I've here to Toronto. I air Canada by the way. All my good friends. I missed my buddy Helen. She was on vacation. But all the other people at there, Canada. I had to like hose myself off after going through that thing there. Man, they just pee all over me. They love me. Even though I'm a nasty, miserable old person who does a lot of terrible stuff under the guys of stick. I got to be honest with you. This is the first time in all years that I've been on the year ever heard that. You know, yeah, under the guys of stick, he does these terrible things. And it's got to come to an end. Yeah. Yeah. Sure. Here's a lady in point and beach, hello. Hello? Yes, man. You know, this is Cheryl and going in. And I just wanted to call in because I'm a female listener. And I listen to her on the tail. Oh, right. What we got to run on her is now great. And I'm also a doctor and fan no matter what. I'm so sorry. Yeah, I'm so sorry about last night. I'll get over it. Okay. All right. Thank you. Have a great day, Cheryl. You too, bye. Okay. See you. I think like that. I mentioned women all of a sudden out of nowhere. I think it's George's in front of you. No, seriously. We're pretty excited for that. No, I noticed on the website there. We had a tremendous number of hitscourse. That's probably because the Fox ran out of story again though. Oh, yeah. Yeah. I don't want to give you too much credit for it. I think it's because it was about somebody. What is that? You mean the somebody is leading our full again today? Yeah. Which of these celebrities is most washed up and ready for the glue factory? More Howard David 141. Larry King 78. Bob Barker 62. Phil Donahue 53. Pat Summer All 42. Read this filled in 17 and poor Dan Rathers only got 10. I love Dan Rathers. Yeah, but he's a liberal. Like I said, I love Dan Rathers. Isn't a nice day of somebody on a right wing fashion. Big twisting and disturbing the news for fun and profit. Like on Schloss News Network. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, man. Hi. I just want to prove that he's, I would try to run and you do have a very heavy woman. You're looking at audience. How do you like that? So somebody should send out the ratings books to some women instead of saying you. Absolutely. We're going to send out to the last five people who called in a row. Very good. Thanks a lot, sweetheart. How are you? Bye-bye. See? I told you, we got a lot of women out there. Arbitrant, Arbitrant, can't do it. Arbitrant. Arbitrant can't. They can't survey the market. Boy, it is warm in here. I'm going to have to like, dittle with the window just to get through right temperature. And by the weekend here, it's going to be pretty goddamn cold here. Okay. It's been a mild snap right now. It's a little murky outside. Not too bad. Going to be 58 today, which for the middle of November ain't bad for up north. You know it. No, I did it all. Rain like a mother last night here didn't get any of those tornadoes that I see all over the southeast. See that? Yeah, I did. And what about soft Florida? Is it cold off real nice down there? Hmm. But a grier too? Yeah, to grier. Yeah, before I left, I saw Ms. North Cross under again given us that same old story. Oh, well, that's going to be really alright. It's really down the comfort index is about a minus 500. And that's only like Brian comes on your TV screen. minus 500. Well, speaking of Brian coming on your TV screen, think tank, think South Florida TV news. Only so, so a road time chicken November nine. What's that? Saturday. Yes. See on that top of stuff. I'm not sitting here scouring like I was before, but I checked the local papers there. Because very jackass road and a rather on savory move. I don't get it. What's on savory about that? Who done it? And there is. There is so little that happens in South Florida radio that's fun. You know what I'm saying? Right. For example, even the Disney thing when they first put the crap on there, the, what is it? What are they calling it? Party radio. Yeah. When they first put that on there, and they were like ripping a crap out of power 96. Party. Yeah. And why 100? It was fun. It attracted a lot of people. It created a little end when they realized they were playing the same ten records over and over the god's stale. But, you know, there's so little that that goes on. It's the same usual stale crap. Why? You're sports radio 56. You a. Yeah. Well, that was stupid. Even the one that closed our. Hello, I'm Sven. And I'm Larry. And we're the freezer ferries. First, send a Larry's ice cream. What's new on the freezer front Larry? I've come up with a great idea. Ice cream, parlor, fresh packed, Zen and Larry's ice cream. Right now, I'm hand packing some fudge brownie. Vanilla fudge swirl and double Dutch fudge. So what you're saying is, you're fudge packing. Stop that. If there's nothing like fudge brownie, that's hand pack. And there's nothing better than having your fudge pack by a professional fudge packer. You can say that again. Well, I'm not going to. But do you have any fudge nuts sticks back there? I just like the whole one for a while. So bad. So get yourself some senon Larry's hand packed fudge. You'll love that. I know. I love a good fudge packing. You are so bad. 12 o'clock at five 60 WQM happy Monday 2. It's our big noon to one hour. I got your roast for the amad dog at one. The hump will be along at 3's got the net more between five and six. And then of course it's your cool hotline. Who did they beat on Saturday? What the hell is going on Saturday, Carlos? Come on. Get with it. Some little girl school. You tap. Vassar. You University of Rochester. University of Vermont and Montpigre. Well, whoever it was. Kind of meaningless. At Oklahoma Law Center is a big conctor. We can all about that BCS pole again. Not. We got Chico Panther preview at 7.730 to Panthers host is Chicago Blackhawks. I know my neighbor Bernie's going to be there. Good luck, you Bernie. Panthers are right hotly. We use anybody care. No. Really panning the attendance tuner. Give them away. I'm going to tell you how to do that. I'm going to tell you how to do that. I'm going to tell you how to do that. I'm going to tell you how to do that. I'm going to tell you how to do that. I'm going to tell you how to do that. I'm going to tell you how to do that. I'm going to tell you how to do that. I'm going to tell you how to do that. I'm going to tell you how to do that. I'm going to tell you how to do that. I'm going to tell you how to do that. I'm going to tell you how to do that. I'm going to tell you how to do that. I'm going to tell you how to do that. I'm going to tell you how to do that. I'm going to tell you how to do that. Don't be sorry. I know. I've been the same to you for at least four years. Thanks to my boyfriend. He turned me on to you and I'm addicted to you. Right. I got a horrible new little of a great orgasm. I hear Dickie. I love Dickies. Hey, I have a question for you, Neil. Yeah. Doesn't know. Realize you make millions. I mean, can he respect you for the amount of money that you make with him with this guy? The amount of money that I make? The amount of money that I make for the radio station. That's what it's all about. What do you mean doesn't he realize it? No, he doesn't care about the manners, right? He doesn't care about that because he doesn't want to be a team player. It's more against the world. What's up? He has no manners. That's basically what it is. Yeah. Yeah. Well, when you leave your bag on a chair, it's not good manners anyway. Have a great day, sweetheart. Bye. Bye. By the way, he always tends to see that they beat. They beat Tennessee. Well, Tennessee is pretty good. They're okay. They're fair. I mean, you know, for a girl school, they're okay. What was the score that came? Oh, they, they spanked them. I don't know what the funnel was. They spanked them. They spanked them. They're her coups spanked Tennessee. Yep. Wow. Yeah, well, they decide to play. They play pretty well. How about those patriots? I didn't hear Galdi say one more to about that. I didn't hear that much of a show this morning because the squeak factor was a little bit extra high today. After the dolphins lost in New York last night, the squeak factor was extra heavy duty. By the way, Jigs McDonald wants that job. He wants to keep that job, Galdi. You see, Galdi, there's another one. Another one who like turned on us like a rat. And we understand it's parts survival, but it's also part the insincereity. If you're somebody's friend, you don't turn on them like a rat. If somebody saves your ass, saves your job because you got a wife and a baby, you don't turn on them. You know what I'm saying, George? Maybe he made attempts in the early days and was shut down real quick. Shut down. In fact, this morning, you notice he didn't mention my name. He said, well, next we're going up to Toronto and then Joe Roosevelt, didn't mention my name. I think it's verboten on that program under penalty of that. In fact, in that thing you played before about the bomb, the bombshell, whatever it's going to be. You'll notice also the midday guy who doesn't have a name had some fun with it. The fact of the matter is, there were more lies in this very jackass column than most people tell them the lifetime. Didn't check the affiliate list to see what stations they run. How can you listen to it every day? And you need to check the affiliate list to see what station you're on. In other words, you're just listening to via a smoses. You're radio just automatically goes to whoever Tony Bruno is and you don't know what station it's on. You see, you know what's not yours. The pod calling the kettle black. This is the same guy who accuses me last week without his story when I was standing in the doorway of doing everything I can to sand back his show, which is a mother scratching lie and turns around and goes on purposely for the express point of saying, Oh, I listen every day your show was great. And to give me a story. That's not only not a team player, that's a bad guy. That's a bad end. And I don't really care if he goes on that show. I don't when Hank was on the other show, I had some fun with that. But what do I care about? It's a sports nerd show. We don't really give a crap about Tony Bruno. So that is the part that bothered me. The part is to go on here and say, Oh, I listen to it every day and what a great show it is. It's part of the same philosophy. And you started it. Me. You started it with the wig comments in the flat pants and it lost to me bang. And what was that stuff? And the part of the things and then the purple, and the purple vancing. You're even playing the goddamn skin fluid there. Oh, I want to tell you how many of those lines came from me too. Ha ha ha ha. Yeah, I'm sure there's a lot of lines that came from you. Fives six out of five. Five, 60 pound, five, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon line. Here's my me, be chillin. Neil, how you doin'? Okay. And Neil, let me inject a little rate of sunshine in this inch hiding that's going on in your radio station between you and Moe, what's going on in the world and what happened outside to the Dawson's. Yes, sir. Go ahead. The hurricane's there and the unanimous number one baby. Whoo! Are we blessed? There's number one baby. We're going all the way. Yeah. You better start rooting for them. I'm going to go there and kick them fat ass. You stupid you. Ha ha ha ha. Oh, look at this. Here's the fact this is it's Alice Bennett all over again. Now this isn't even close to me now. No. No. I mean, Alice Bennett just, he just ran away and just, if I had the ability to do, I take you out here right now. Kick your goddamn teeth in. And then the best part about the Alice Bennett thing in WIOD is it really initially had nothing to do with me was reconcered. Right. I had that stroke and I was out of work for two weeks. I was reconcered and filled in. And for whatever reason, just, I don't know. I don't get it. They made fun of him. They made light of him. They didn't take their hat off when he came in the room. Also, it was the same thing. Yes. And then the worst part of it is after we fled town. He got his car just took off and his little, uh, uh, uh, what kind of car was he growing? I don't know. Some kind of a wimpy car Mazda. No, even wimpier than that. Fiat. But anyway, uh, he, then then he gets quoted in the paper as plain in me again. Which I don't care. I'm used to that. I mean, if he's a bad snowstorm in Montana, I could blame for it. But, uh, his, his big falling. I was with reconceds and I come back from having a stroke. And, oh, in fact, this is a guy to call me at home when I was kind of lacing from the stroke. Oh, you got to get back here as soon as possible at this Rick and Suss, you know, remember that business if I ever hear them on this station again, I'm walking out and yeah. Right. And so I come back and then he, uh, gets leaves in a half and takes and ends says I was a prick or something like that. Let's see. Here's that guy that called was a new list. I believe that he may not be an old listener. I had it. Uh, this is the greatest country that ever lived colon, Paul's best secretary does the, uh, answer the phone and take messages for the rest of the nation. The might have been mode disguising his voice. That's the bomb he was planning on dropping. Getting on you showing acting like a moron. No, we have plenty of those without his help. Oh, and it also says it was by far the best of Pranos episode in a while. This season anyway. Which doesn't pay much. You know what I forgot to mention to that last caller? What? The one that was told me I better get on the bad way. The hurricane. It's f***ing blow. Yeah. Nobody cares about the pansy high school and college football sports. Okay. Some people like go there. Nobody else cares. One man does have been given me a bunch of crap about Michigan State because they think so bad and they had the drug scandals with a quarterback in the star player. Well, the fact of the matter is I see Michigan on all kind of in cold water and hot water and lukewarm water with the NCAA. How do you like that? Michigan must have been a misprint. You think? Must have been. Well, he's not in today anyway. He's recuperating. Here's a lady in Hollywood. Hello. Hi, Neil. I'm an alpha male listeners of 1987. All right. Excellent. And also in 1987, I worked in an office. And the day the pope came. Everyone was gathered around their television station. And I was stuck in a corner. And I had to listen to you on radio and everyone protested. And I then went on to become the head of that company. So, it was a big problem because for the three years that I was there, your radio show was on every day. Good for you. And I did receive a diary one time when you were in Zeta. But I don't think that the women get them as much as men get them. I don't know what the deal is. Are women don't get them all paid a van. But you got pranks. With my job, I can only call in when I'm in my car. So, that's probably the case with a lot of women. They don't have jobs that, you know, were you really more, were you than men. So, we can't call in as often. The most of our men on this station are like, you know, did these. Have a great day, sweetheart. Thanks for the memories. How do you like that? We had a one-on-our women. I think that's the biggest run we've had a long time, you know, that I can recall. In ladies, they're out there. They just don't get the diaries like she said. Or maybe the fixes in. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. After the next break, I'm going to read that piece. It's not all that long. But it's very disturbing for aggravating. And then we'll go back to just being goofballs. Because that's what the public wants. We'll know, seriously. I understand that. It's too much crap going on in the world. We don't want to be morbid here. This is the one place they can come like that guy to call the early with his doctor. Remember that call? Yeah. You still remember that? That was quite a while ago. I remember Chris Floyd. WQAM. How about that Chris Carter, by the way. QAM, hello. Where's this call? Pembroke finds. Yes, sir. Speak to me. Hello. Yes. And with the Howard David, we know how he pushed from his hotly smug. Oh, brother. You know who that crime. Where can I say voice? No. Oh. Stumpet is he along with that old, the sports collar Joe. This guy is one of the worst cronics in the history of the human race. He's okay though. He means well. He's just a chronic. He's still a clicker. From the Penguin game, you know, the night. I wish I would have brought mine up here. But they probably would have thought it was a labaamba. I should have said, moose. And this we're going to drop it on Ottawa. Yeah, the big one. 560560. 560. It's going to be back here. I'll tell you that. Was it a pleasant place? Pleasant people? Great food. Too much good food though. I did get Ben and Jerry's yesterday. Shouldn't have met that. New York, Fudge, chunk. Hmm. I don't even like it that much. There's done to get more and more flavors. That's the bad news. They're starting to get like the good stuff coming in now. Bad news. They also, you'll be pleased with one thing as they have those only in pints. And in my supermarket, they had a two liter, which is more the little more than a court. They had the big thing of Nestle's turtle didn't get it. Don't I get a, don't I get a gold star and a purple jelly bean for that? Oh, you get a, a fanfare. I get something for that for not the coming to the Nestle's turtle. On my first weekend back into your baby. And you can ask Joe Costella. I'll tell you that it's pretty good crap. You know, there's never been a better time to buy a new home or refinance or existing home than right now as I speak. How about this? How about a way to 3.95%. That is correct. Financial group can offer you an unprecedented 3.95% all you have to do is make one easy call to financial group at their toll free number. 1-800-940-L-E&D. That's 1-800-9453-63. The money you're going to save is absolutely. That's right. Incredible. Take about a union of yourself $100,000 loan for only $450 bucks a month where you can get you $200,000. $495,000. The process is simple. You're going to save $1,000 each year. Just call our good buddies at financial group toll free at 1-800-940-L-E&D. There's never been a better time to get you a low interest rates or call financial group. And you'll really be on your way to big savings. Financial group has an equal housing lender. Credit restrictions do apply and rates of some of the change if you wait too long. Now is the time to call him toll free 1-800-940-L-E&D. That's 1-800-9453-63. My money is $5,000. And low cost is $4,000 for only $0.56. Anyway, yeah. Hey, it's Howard. Howard's fam. Well my name is Gary Condon and I am a living one worse beer. Beautiful. Rejoelling, perfect, int awaken, new piece of copy came over the FAQ machine as knocking. Did theifa point side, that underbench on this end. Did that come from Pakwara? I don't think he could watery all the way down to So he must have fags this direct. Nice going, Pat Boy. How about them Sabres, huh? Pretty weak. And to make believes. So anyway, this is in Counter Punch magazine, is written by Chris Floyd, into the dark, depending on plan to provoke terrorist attacks. This column stands for Square with the honorable Dandelier Trump's Veldi Wester, Cateria Defense, when he warns that there will be more terrorist attacks against the American people and civilization at large. We know as does the honorable Dandelier Trump's Veldi Wester, Cateria Defense, that this statement is an incontrovertible fact of scientific certainty, and how can we, in the honorable Dandelier Trump's Veldi Wester contrary to defense be so sure that there will be more terrorist attacks against the American people and civilization at large? Because these attacks will be instigated at the order of the honorable Dandelier Trump's Veldi Wester Cateria Defense. This is a astonishing admission was very deep in a story, which was itself submerged by mountains of gray newsprint and glossy underwear ads, in last Sunday's Los Angeles Times. There in an article by military analyst William Arkin, detain the vast expansion of the secret armies being massed by the former Nixon bureaucrat now loading it over the Pentagon, came the revelation of Rumsfeld's plan to create a superintelligence support activity that will bring together CIA military covert action, information warfare intelligence and cover and deception. According to a classified document prepared for Rumsfeld by his defense science board, the new organization, the proactive, preemptive operations group P20G, will carry out secret mission's design to stimulate reactions among terrorist groups, provoking them into committing violence, which would then expose them to counterattack by US forces. In other words, and let's say this plainly clearly insorberly, so that no one can mistake the intention of Rumsfeld's plan, the US government is plainly used cover and deceit and secret military operations to provoke murderous terrorist attacks on innocent people. Let's say it again. Donald Rumsfeld, Dick Cheney, George W. Bush and the other members of the Unlected regime in Washington, planted liberally foement the murder of innocent people, your family, your friends, your lovers, you in order to further their geo-political ambitions. For P20G is not designed solely to flush out terrorists and bring them to justice, a lot of old gold in itself, although the Rumsfeld wave combatting terrorism by causing it, is pure moral lunacy, or should we use the regime's own preferred terminology and just call it evil? No, it seems the P20s have bigger fish to fry. Once they've sparked terrorists into action by killing their family members, luring them with loot, fueling them with drugs, applying them with geahot propaganda, messing with their mama's, or with agent provocative tourists, perhaps who infiltrate groups, and then plan to direct the attacks themselves. They can then take measures against these states, slife substate actors accountable for harboring the Rumsfeld roused gangs. What kind of measures exactly? Well, the classified Pentagon program puts it this way. Their sovereign people will be at risk. The P20s will thus come in handy whenever the regime hankers to add a little oil-laden real estate, or a new military base to the Empire's burgeoning portfolio, just in that's the violent malcontent, storm with a stick, and presto, instant justification for whatever level of intervention conquest you might desire. And what if the territory of fancy doesn't actually harbor any convenient morautorist use for fun and profit? Well, surely a godlike super intelligence support activity is capable of creation, yes? The Rumsfeld plan, the Rumsfeld bush plan to employ murder and terrorism for political financial and ideological gain, does have historical roots. Besides Alcat, of the stern gang, the essay, the essay, the KGB, the IRA, the UDF, ETA, Hamas, Shining Path, and countless other reporters of bushy and morality, decency and freedom. We refer to operations northwards, often mentioned in these pages, the plan that America's top military brass presented to President John Kennedy 1963, calling for a phony terrorist campaign, complete with bombings hijacking, plain crashes, and dead Americans, to provide justification for an invasion of Cuba, the mafia slash corporate fight him, which had been recently lost to Castro. Kennedy rejected the plan, it was killed a few months later. Now Rumsfeld is resurrected northward, but on a far grander scale, with resources that is disposal unbeamed though by those brass of your, with no counter-balancing global rivalry, strain him, and with an ignorant corrupt President who showed himself all to Wigurdo and brace any means whatsoever that the law meant the wealth and power of his own narrow, undemocratic, elidous clique. There is transgression here, a stepping over deliberately with open eyes, with forethought planning and conscious will, of lines that should never be crossed. Acting and deadly symbiosis with rage, mad and killers, God crazed randers, no supreme substrate actors, the mafia's bush and his coars are plunging the world into an abyss, an endless night of black ops retribution. Blowback, the seat and murder and terror whole-said retail statesponsored privatized, a fear and degradation-servility chaos, and the perversion of all that's vestinous, of all that we've won from the bestiality of our primal nature, all that we've raised above the mindless rave, raveening urges and impulsors still boarding in the mud of our monkey brains. Get that? Mookie? Of our monkey brains. It's not a fight for freedom, it's a retreat into darkness, and the day will be a long time coming. Right, Chris Floyd and counter punch magazine. He says they don't like those bedtime stories, those periodic ones. Well, that was a good one. That's why I saved it for today, was a good one. And even a little Tommy Jick erot, this is almost worth talking about. Think Tank thinks South Florida TV news only so so, and I would certainly agree with that. I've had your one thing, of course, this is a bigger market, but the news up here is heads and shoulders above any newscast on there. CFTO Newsman, never miss it. You watch it all the time. Hey, don't you begin to believe in this hot air condiment? Hey, if I could get that, those drive-in classics and screen by hook or by crook, they're great, they're really great, the driving classics, they put stuff on the roof, it is so cheesy, so can't, so hysterically. Oh, I say go, I'll tell you what. Peanure pants, if we're legal. Tom Jicker writes the best of our local TV news is mediocre, by National Standards in the market as a whole, that's with the W, is an under-retriever. Oh, such are the conclusions of a Washington-based think tank, the project for excellence in journalism. Maybe they haven't seen very jackassies call them yet. You know, he does say in a rather unsavory move. I'm never, I'm savonist, I'm going to put it in my wall. I'm savoring it, I'm savoring it, and I'm savonist. This is the dumbest crap that's ever been published in a support, even a candidate would daily messenger wouldn't print this. They take a look at this and look at him and say, are you out of your freaking mind, you moron? God. Anyway, little Tommy says WTVJ's Channel 611P and newscatch is as good as it gets to the Miami-Forelobe to the market according to the P.E.J's annual valuation. However, the NBC-owned station soon to become the news partner, they sound photos on Sentinel, or dolly a big raid and a station wide ranking is the epitome of mediocrity. How do you like that? The Academy of mediocrity. Well, that's how Florida Tommy should know. WTVJ ranked 27th out of 53 meaning 26th rate at higher 26th lower. Palm Beach was not one of the markets analyzed. WSVN Channel 7 frequently criticized for its glitzy style, also pulled a B and was 31st nationally. WPLG Channel 10 earned a C and was 37th and WFOR channel for was settled with a D ahead of only six other newscats. I guess they have found out that Angela Rae came back. As a market, Miami-Forelobe to date, checked in 13th out of 17, it's buried better in a limited sweep of Spanish language stations, WTVJ Channel 23 was first among eight newscats and Channel 51 was number six. That's out of eight, no speaking in English stations. A report card such as this, he voced the response you get from a couple with a homely baby. They might know their offspring isn't gorgeous, but they don't want to hear it from an outsider. Our local news might have a lot to be desired, but anyone who travels the country appreciate it's better than what can be found almost anywhere else. I don't buy that time, sorry. Sorry wrong number. WTVJ General manager, Don Brown, is in the market's most ticklish position. He doesn't want to knock a survey that puts a station on top, but it can't swallow too much as being labeled the best of a mediocre bunch. It's exciting to have a third party praise what you do he said. However, he took exception to the market assessment. I think Miami's got some of the best local news in the country. I have legitimate perspective having been on that work level. He was one executive producer of NBC News. I would think we should do much better as a group this week. If I was to ask you right now, remember the days when we had John Hamburg? No, you know what? I mean I know who John Hamburg is. I've seen the little flashbacks, but I wasn't watching the news as a youth. John Hamburg and Ralph Bradneck, who I mean is, even though he was funny, he never was like an icon. And Bishop? Oh well, I remember, eh? Well if I was to ask you now, name me a really top news anchor in South Florida, who would be? Oh, I would be. But you know, you wouldn't do it. No, no. No. I rest my case. We don't have any. I mean, maybe Tony Sigaretto. In fact, who is on the 11 o'clock news on Channel 6? Is Tony doing that one too? Don't know. Oh, man, he is the reason I won't watch Channel 6 news. He is no credibility. He's like when he tried to make Camerole Martian from a weather guide to a new sports guide to a new guy. You know? Yeah. And he said, don't give me no lip. And he said, oh, too late. Camerole Martian. Don't see him no more. Yeah, the market is there. There is nobody you can name. In fact, I'd say I like the guy in Channel 4 news at 5 and 6. Not Elliott Rodriguez. Is there anybody on Channel 4 news? Is not named Rodriguez? No. Except is not. I can't really read. Regus stay at state. Seriously. But the guy, what tells his name was just on the tip of my tongue. Steve, Joe, Ed, Yamama. What tells his name? I don't know. But he's pretty good. He's on there like in between to revolving between Elliott Rodriguez and Johnny Rodriguez and George Rodriguez and whatever. And I'm Ricky Rodriguez. What the hell is his name? Somebody will fax it and recall it in. He's he's good. Steve. Whopper. Whopper. Whopper. That might be his name. Oh, he's got a goofy name. If you change your name, okay. Steve Schwartz. Something we can remember. Steve Rodriguez. Oh, seriously, at least that he's finished. Right. He's a cracker, but, you know, he's pretty good. Not great. But he's sure I was silly. Who's like Tony cigarette? Tony, you're a silly guy. It's not personal. Tony, you're just silly. You're a silly person. You're a hiracle. And you just have no credibility, Tony. You're silly. I look at him doing the news. And I want to laugh. Was it Steve Wolford? Steve Wolford. Steve Wolford. Steve Wolford. Steve Wolford. Steve Wolford. Steve Wolford. Steve Wolford. Steve Wolford. Steve Wolford. Steve JAbdab. Steve Wolford. Steve Wolford. Steve Wolford. Billy Rick Porter. Steve Wolford. Steve Wolford. Steve Wolford. Steve Wolford. computer professionals will continue to explode. Their average student completes the training and just foreshared. Months of 10-ing school 3 nights a week, once you complete your certification, fast-trained can assist you in getting a new computer job. Fast-trained about you to come and visit their train career counselor and determine which track is ideal for you? Is it Mohawk that's open hour woodbine or maybe it's clam bro-downs or Windsor or Hazel Park? Confert or Northfield, call fast-trained toll free at 1-8-6 fast-trained to set up your appointment with for convenient location. There's body one nearby where you live. There are Miami pepper pines for Lauderdale now in highly congested Kendall. Don't forget to ask the queer counselor for the students just like yourself who are currently in their dream jobs thanks to the great training they got at fast-trained. There's no obligation to pick up that thing in column right now and find out what they can do for you. Get you in a real job. Call 1-8-6 fast-trained. That's 1-8-6 fast-trained or check them out on the web at fast-trained.com. Hey honey, you're goddamn business. So just keep your big mouth shut. When it comes to family values a prime example for all of you. Great nothing like the morals of the good bush man. Please throw in some crack in her shoe. No other foot and powder will you. It takes your beat for the tingling. That's all for you. Come on you bitch. Hey. Don't forget criticism of public officials. Their families and friends will no longer be tolerated. 23.5.60W to Q.A.M. You will obey. Yes. The 400. 4061 votes on the pool. So anyway, a very jacensis and a rather unsavory move. 461 votes. Which of these celebrities is most washed up and ready for the glue factory? Well how are David and a shocking runaway victory has 167 votes? They're a King 89. Bob Barker 69, which I understand is his favorite position. That's what what's the name tool? No what tell was the name? Diane Parkinson. Diane very good. What kind of disease did she have? No it's Phil Vanna who's 60. Pat summer all 47 and then it's way down hill. Read this is only got 17. They like read this you know. It feels sorry for him because he's got to work with so many bitches. First of was that damn Kathy Lee and now this Kelly Rip. I like Kelly. I don't. And I don't have a how I got out of the issue is not attractive. I don't care what anybody is. She has got the ugliest put she's not Kelly. Kelly Rip. Same person. Ugly post. Yes. All right. Nasty looking. But every set. Uh I saw a little bit of on whatever the hell day it was man and she is nasty. Skanky. Go back then again and Dan rather's in last place with only 12. We like old Dan baby. He may be 100 years old but he's a good old boy. Former youth pass to refuse to having sex with 14 year old girl. You're not going to stare with those kind of stories again, Arya. Yes. Oh. Four way in Indiana. A former four way in youth pass to a accused of repeatedly having sexual intercourse with a 14 year old girl over the span of a year. Steve Rios 32 of my P. D. R. Ohio was arrested Saturday and charged with two felony counts of sexual misconduct with a minor who was released on $20,000 bond. According to a probable cause after David Rios who was an associate a youth pass to bet new hope worship center in four wing began having intercourse with a girl in June of 2000. A child proactive services case worker know how reported that the girl in Rios had sex 5 to 10 times at the youth pass to his forewain home during the three week period early June 2000. The case worker's investigation uncovered letter written by the girl of the head pastor of New Hope worship center, stating the sexual letter course occurred again in 2001. The affidated also said the girl told her cousin she got drunk with Rios and his wife one night after the couple went to bed Rios returned to the girl about three AM had sex with her the affidated be saying. The cousin told the girl's parents were livin Ohio about the relationship they contacted child protective services the affidated be saying. Michael Bauer of the New Hope worship center told detective that Rios resided last April after he confronted him with the accusation that he had a sexual relationship with the girl no one answered the phone at three O soul on Monday meaning today. How do you like that? Nobody home? No. Lee and low. Here's another example of what's going on with your great elections. Aveline, a screy county election reversed the outcomes in two commissioner races. I thought Aveline was only in Kansas. Is there an ambling Texas? Yeah. There is? Sure. Well I learned something already. I don't like that. Anyway, this is Aveline Texas. A defective computer chip in the county's optical scanner, misread, misread, valance to the night incorrectly, touted a landslide victory for Republicans, Democrats actually won by wide margins. How do you like that? That's just none of them coincidences. Oops. The problem was discovered when Pol Warcus became suspicious of the margins of the vote-scree county clerk Joan Bunch said. A new computer chip was flown to snutter from Dallas he said by one, be more into votes of account twice by hand. Once again by scanner with a replacement chip Republican Robbie Floyd, 69 loss to Democrat Jerry House, seemed a gap even hours after a looting was defeat Wednesday. It was hard to believe that that type of mistake had happened he said. In comment Democrat slow-end slow-end? Okay. See HLO A N N E slow-end, Lindsey said she had been in her under she's kind of tough. Consider the election Republican Keith Hackfield when she received a phone call 345 a.m. notifying her of the discrepancy later Wednesday morning. If you're I felt bad for my phone, Lindsey said I knew how it felt to lose. Well that's something huh? It was a landslide but just the other way around. So don't be nervous. Yeah, another knit picker. Here's Miami. Hello. Nobody on it. Nobody on five was on a wrong line. Yes. Well, excuse me. See the reason I do that is because you know what I'm saying about do I see not the same right? Here's Miami. Let's try this though. And it's still nobody on it. He's still picked up the wrong line. I did. Yes. How is that possible? I said no. Oh, I see. Maybe if I could see that I'm around it. Let's try Miami. Hello. That's still nobody there. Yes. Deal. Speak to me. Neil, I just wanted to comment on two things you were talking about. Yes, sir. The hurricane who called a fan. The thing that they named for a UM is Ju-Yu. Yeah. And number two, I was a thoughtiest. We got to invite my local Catholic church and I could win in and a brisk was going on. Yeah. But the priest was in using a Nike using his teeth. Uh-huh. Okay. Week material. Very bad. Get the sheet back on. Okay. They need just fox. 560505060 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Very weak. Are there Jews at the U of MBCides in microcentral? I don't think so. What? Coral Gables? What does that mean? There's all spits and coral gables. There are no Jews and coral gables. Any more point? Well, what are you talking about? You better get out of the house a little bit more Mr. The World doesn't revive around Hollywood. They got you to joke if they're related to you than they must be spits. Okay. Right. But they have Jewish neighbors. Coral Gables. There are no Jews and coral gables. There's several things that are not allowed. First of all, there's no pickup trucks. There's no old BWJ. There's no other bad news. Okay. Pretty progressive. Oakland Park. Hello. Okay. Yes, sir. I was going to borrow a bar. I've been hearing about this more Howard in this battle. You're having an out of the house. I'm not having any battle. We have people having boxing and I was like, oh, I'm like Reverend Jones again for the second time today. Okay. Go back to the track. Dick, my good friend up at the track has got a special place for you. Up on a six for right near the roof. The Dick Fineberg special box for Reverend Jones. See, give these people a little bit of encouragement and right away. Pup, pup, pup, pup, pup, pup. It's just like Rimmer who keeps interrupting all our goddamn problems. Few fudge back him. No Swet it. It's something getting inside Yeah baby Can I open my mouth and open my arms and open my arms Just promise me that they didn't come from now No they didn't I'm thinking for your end, did you get some surgery? Some ear ear ear I'll do what they got me I'm not gonna find a better ear ear Because I don't want to I'm not gonna trust you Please I don't need to be a smile But did you get a blue job I don't need to be rude I wanna see your mood It stays a while About 45-60 WM Here's Carl Springs Good morning Neil Good evening Good evening I want to tell you the Evelian Kansas Somely Females is a birthplace to Dwight Eisenhower Yeah, but this was Evelian Texas Well anyway, you just want to say that You know we've got to have thanks to the Democratic Party that we can vote for And who's that gonna be? I don't know But I don't think this election was a victory Republicans who was a failure at the Democrats Right, I agree with him So I'm listening to you And I'll have you both the other way Thanks Bye bye Have a great day Probably said the Democratic Party is a bite in the big one And he's right Grasping the fat from the jaws of victory Which they do so well And even though both parties suck big time Like I've always told you you got a buffer Remember the family had lots of buffers? Right Well you got to have a buffer That's about all the useful for a hell of a long time now Now we don't even have a buffer Don't forget join the overnight guys Join Mark they got a buffer 9-11 now you know the buffer is its Miguel He's there to make sure they don't treat too much 3-2 does it form? 9-11 the night at gaspies and bokehs Step by the wind price and joy specials on Crown World The Monday night football watch party night And gaspies and bokeh Here's our last call Here's Miami hello God Mark has said our last call Well I tend to things have worked out Just tremendously well today You know? Yeah Time. Nice Show us going by like lightning Like grease lightning Democrats speaking of that call Our millions blow by McBride This was in the Harlow on Saturday The Florida Democratic Party held it more than 15 million dollars And the final way to the governor's race Much of it from the National Party to top of Governor Jeff Bush A Harlow analysis has found that staggering total Delivered days before a Democrat Doesn't require surprisingly Dismal performance against the president's brother Edston already brewing debate about what went wrong Nationally for Democrats this year While the National Party poured millions into a fruitless Separate in Florida, other Democrats in Nationally could have used more last Men of Monday to avoid narrow losses The shift in control of US Senator public and study like that Yep In other words, they wasted all that money in Florida And they might as well have a pitted down a drain A key question facing Democrats is Whether National Chairman Terry McColough Who's the one who races closing weeks to clear the Florida governor is number one target And boasted New York Times editorial board that Jim Bush's gone Belusive's job McColough whose father-in-law Richard Swan was McBride's campaign finance chairman Was heavily involved in pushing McBride's candidacy Even when the Templar was virtually unknown And still battling to upset former US Attorney General Janet Reno in the primary Hey, I hate to admit that I've been thinking about this for about 10 seconds You think he might have done better against Bush than he did Might have It occurred to us all Oh, did it? Well, wait too late to do anything about it Oh, and she sure what she sure what I had a much stronger Showing in Dayton, Howard. I mean he lost date county Yeah, and he won, Howard by like 18 points But that's not anywhere near what he needed He would have lost any of it with differences It makes you would have lost I bet your pardon? She would have lost maybe a couple of what A couple of other carolers for the commented Caroluses make about the Cubans That McBride was trying to pander to the Cubans And he ended up going right down the middle Oh, that's a good. That's the same thing happened Al Gore and Florida, which is why he only won by a few votes And they were able to turn it around and see he lost Very sad like I told you Janice my man did I tell you that all along? All you people of order for Bill McBride is a Janice demand Even my mother voted for McBride. Shame on you, man. I told you Janice my man. She's my kind of guy God damn it. I don't think she'd have won Although you never know. I got an idea Yeah, let's have the election all over again and try it. Okay. What's wrong with that? The presidential election you don't know. Let's start with the governor just for starters. If she wins, they will have the presidential one all over again And this time we'll have John Kerry instead of Gore I say John Kerry because Al Gore is kind of scary And he's even scary or as Jewelie Breman. How can anybody, how can anybody And these talking heads in the news in the media go on and say well, what are the potential aspirants to be presidential candidate for Democratic Party in 2004 Jewelie Breman? How can they look in the camera and say that without like Tittering or something, you know He's got a Chinaman's chance in hell is what he's got he was the chicken of wood pile. He's the got a cost-grorty election And you know who else cost-grorty election? Nader Gore Oh Oh We're sports radio five six hundred Jewelie Hey Oh Oh Cause we're free Come away With your fucking yellow keeps so far apart I'm a leader I'm a leader I'm a leader What you mean You're magic And you're familiar Who this mob Does they like Are you sure they're shoes from the leaflet? Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Who tell our allies of the agreement all along Come, then he make you in an exaggerated way A pussy, tuttagde An advanced grupped floor Also Oh You'll go, you'll go, keep don't help make them all over the region. You'll not be naked, you'll slide, you'll feel cold. If you'll be what you'll be that don't feel stupid. On the while you'll be sitting back and you'll be alive. That's why creating you just like your yesterday room. This when you head, we'll move from side to side, from the leaves of the sea. Keep to push and from it, they be crack or asshole. I'll tell you one thing, anybody who don't love that bit has got no sense of humor at all. Always points. Yeah, man. One of the all-time grates. I'm I find myself singing it in the shower in the tea room. I mean, everywhere I go. While I'm cleaning the bathroom. The street court is right down by the eating center. It's in a row going on. Believe that it's amazing. Anyway, Joe Rose will be along for the Mad Dog. They Mad Dog is in mourning. How's Chris Carter's kidney coming along, by the way? Do you think that maybe they didn't do quite a good job of due diligence there, Carlos? Yeah, that physical might have might not have been very thorough. Might have been kind of what they call the liqueanish mirror physical, you know? Like, hey, you look like you're still alive. Okay, sign him up. That kind of thing. We're taking a serious kidney problem. So I guess we won't be talking about Chris and a rendezvous in the near future in any length. Anyway, singer Bobby Brown used your criminal court appearance Friday to promote his new movie and sign autographs. You go, Bob. Yeah, you go, Bob. You got the good stuff. State court judge Wayne Purtama, a lot of brother, main free on Bonna charges is driving under the influence. And failing to appear in court. Brown, who's attorney city was not prepared to plead his free, at least until his next court appearance tomorrow. Brown, who was approached by fans in the court after the hearing of Pulver's estate. Anyone who may have heard, I'm just looking forward to performing in touring. That's what I've been looking to do. I'm a lot better at that than driving Brown said. Brown was arrested in Atlanta early Thursday and charges of possessing less than an ounce of marijuana. Speeding and having no driver's license of roof insurance. I still don't see what's wrong with any of those. Maybe he could play for the offense too. His appearance Friday indicator was for charges dating to 1997. Failing to appear in court, driving under the influence, speeding, failing to maintain the lane and having no proof of insurance. Here's what he said on Friday. Stay away from drugs. Don't drink and drive. Don't wait for you not to post a new go to school to eat your vegetables. That's what he said. Aw. He said his upcoming movie guns and roses will be released next year. I want you assholes to go run in the sea. Ever got one call about eight miles on M&M. Nope. Not a single call about that. Very pressing. Speaking of stupid, stupidity author arrested. For James F Wells, stupidity was not a, um, no see. Oh, I can't read this. I can't because it's chopped off in you fact. Oh, no. Was not a quirk of life, but a social phenomenon worthy of scientific study. Okay. So much so that he wrote two books about stupidity. But police say Wells easily could have been a substitute as books last week. I know number one, well 61, was arrested in a sting operation as he tried to meet a Fictitious 15 year old girl with whom he had made an appointment on the Internet. Have sex line 10 of police told Todd Dwyer detective Dwyer said. You following it so far? Yes. Yeah. This guy is a PhD in biology from Tulane University. Dwyer said apparently very smart. Not dumb like some people say smart. Dwyer a detective in the law enforcement. Against the Charles harm of division federal task force said that about few weeks ago, Wells initiated a conversation with him on internet chat room thinking where was a 15 year old girl. Dwyer said the conversation was explicit and they arranged to meet a land 10 of shopping center November 1. But as the day that the meeting drew closer, Wells was growing weary at 120 wrote a wire that he thought that law enforcement might be looming in the background. Because of that, Wells did not want to take his 50 year old date back to his pump and it will be chomped, but preferred to have his encounter in the car. Dwyer said, when Dwyer said to make their meeting at the shopping center look normal, they supposed to grow with the call Wells dad or say that he was her coach. How's it going, coach? What about 6 PM November 1, Wells drove to his rendezvous, but instead of a 15 year old he was met by two uniform officers who arrested him on the spot. He's author of the story of stupidity and understanding stupidity books in which he analyzes not to bring him moves people make and all the behaviors context in history. I'd be like that. So if there's one thing we've been trying to tell you for a long time, at least since early March, George quit being so stupid. Bye bye bye.