So significantly, an America's foreign energy policy. As yet, no senior official in Washington decided this is a reason for invading Iraq to do so would be to eliminate whatever reigning credibility the Bush administration has in Europe and the Middle East. It could also provoke opposition in the US among those who questioned the sacrifice of blood for oil. But there can be no doubt that the White House made up as it is a former oil company officials is aware of the oil situation in Iraq and the problems this will pose to successful realization in the administration's long-term energy strategy. Only by occupying Iraq and choosing its new government can the US be certain that these problems will be overcome. Especially now that they throw a monkey right in there with an Afghan oil pipeline, you know? Then, at this point, it's impossible for outsiders to know what exactly is driving the administration's campaign to us on a moose saying no doubt many factors are involved some strategic summit has actually justified this instance. Can only be determined if there's a bracket open discussion of US policy to it, or Iraq, surely such a discussion is called for before we place the lives of our service men and women at risk, rights, Michael T. Claire on salon.com. And don't call me Shirley's. 26 after 11 at 5.60 WQAM and a really bizarre Friday at all, I can tell you. Since we heard that drilling downstairs we should know time to bail out. Time to get out for Columbus today, some make up some story. 274 votes the tone on the ill show and makes no difference where he is 122, the tone sucks we want the colors back 112, 41% what the colors back do you believe there? It's best from the money shows from Miami 21, Vestrum Toronto 14 and Vestrum Amsterdam III I guess they missed that show. For me, it's today. 26 after 11 at 5.60 WQAM and money in the right hour, yeah, I am in the right hour. You know, we all have different lifestyles therefore we need different products to make us feel better and be healthier. All we have met a training for millisar advanced combinations of pharmaceutical rate olive oil with vitamins and minerals, herbal's, other nutrients scientifically designed to provide natural nutrient solution to help you support specific health needs. Look for oliumids 3 new formulas which are sleep weight, management and co-enzyme Q10, Q10. I'll use the benefits of pharmaceutical rate olive oil. Oliumids and outstanding new products is available at publics, echids and logreens for more info call oliumid tool free 1866 oliumid. You can also order oliumid online at oliumidamerica.com. And if you visit your nearest publics and purchase an oliumid product and Browder date counties, you receive a coupon for a free, Larry Cochir bubble head dial while supplies last and who wouldn't want at least it doesn't know those. Don't forget to visit their sampling for video in its sports side every Sunday with it offensive playing home games too. Pick up free oliumid samples and product information. Start feeling healthy right now, get some oliumid and start popping into your push today. We have a mobile from Miramar, hello. I can hear me okay, I got a question about it. Jimmy and Danny's situation. Yeah, Jimmy and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny. Zarany and Danny and Danny and baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby babies baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby babyicaid baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby 전돹 baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby yeah baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby Stay there. I'm a 32 that was by request by the way, and that's one of the great bits you'll find. I don't need mobits on there, but restitution song and Danny and Jimmy. I'm the new Volca Brian Seedy. Restitution and mobits volume one, which you can buy on the arroggies.com. You can click on it right now. And purchase maybe the greatest CD in this video to human race. That's what everybody in the building the same. Oh, maybe Moe and the guilty. That guilty man, I'm telling you I don't know what to do about that song. I don't know. Eh. 286 votes on there. The tonaniel show it makes no difference where he is 127. The tone sucks we want the callers back 115, little over 40%. It's best from Miami. We're like right now. What is it Miami? Does it sound technically any different that I'm sitting here? No. 23. Vestra. See, it would seem to me that it would sound better when I'm in Toronto because it's been a much better frame of mind a better mood. At least if these last two days are any barometer, maybe they don't like that. See, that's your old crowd again. They like me to be pissed off and fired up. They don't want me to be so mellow. Best for Miami. 23. Vestra, Toronto. 16. Vestra, man. Did M3. Those are the ones that heard that show that day. Hey, listen, don't blame me. I can't help it if I was a sick child all summer long. Okay. To backo a smoke and vote out of here. I'll be propagandizing to me about protecting a second-hand smoke. Blow out your ass, okay? I'm sitting here smoking a big fat stowie and if anybody don't like it too bad, too stinking bad, all you non-spoking fanatics. Smoke is bad for you, but this business about becoming militant about it, you make me sick. So don't be sad. Smoke, yes. And then he said like, all these people who want to manipulate what I say on your hand can happen, baby. I've seen most of you, and believe me, you're not manipulating this kid. And what I say either. Study is re-elades in ignoring security council resolutions. Israel holds the record for ignoring United Nations Security Council Resolution's Court of Study by San Francisco University Public Health Science Professor Steven Zunus. On the EVA possible US British assault on Iraq, Zunus decided to examine and depth one of the main arguments used by the Bush administration to justify changing the Baghdad regime. Iraq's deliberate refusal to implement UN Security Council Resolutions. He systematically went through all the states given instructions by the Security Council to find out how common the phenomenon was. His results were somewhat surprising. Some of the countries are considered unown to be friendly to the US. He told how ourits yesterday and Israel paper. In the vast majority of cases, I examined the government's violating UN Security Council resolutions are countries that receive significant military diplomatic and financial aid from the US. Israel leads that list. Since 1968, Israel has violated 32 resolutions that included condemnation or criticism of the government's policies and actions. Turkey is in second place with 24 violations since 1974 and Morocco was in third with 17 resolutions it'd be ignoring. Newsday newspaper published a ranking yesterday, but Zunus said he did not rank the states and claimed it was newspaper that came up with the grades. According to Zunus, how does some 15-hundred-un security resolutions pass since 1947? 90 were openly blatantly and continually violated without the government's being held accountable for their actions. Zunus specifically avoided counting resolutions that are vague around clear so that the governments could claim different interpretations to the meaning of the resolutions. Thus, the famous UN Security Council resolutions, 24, 238, are not even included in the study. He also did not include in countless solutions that only included condemnations and steady focused on those that included specific calls for changes in the subject government policies. The resolutions as we have violated were either about its annexation of East Jerusalem or settlements in the territories. Israel also secured U.S. or Agnore rather, U.S. Security Council resolutions that call for Israel to cease urging harsh measures against the Palestinian population and to cease expeling Palestinians. In response, Israel's deputy chief of mission at the UN, Aron Yaka, said yesterday that there were big differences between the decisions that refer to Israel and those that refer to Iraq. Israel is the only democracy in the region and is fighting for its existence while Iraq is a brutal dictatorship that attacked its neighbors and violates human rights, including the use of chemical weapons against its own citizens. Oh, on that case. In that case, in my name is Akosha. Right. It's a brutal democracy. By the way, speaking of Akosha, Rudy Giuliani says all you grease balls out there get over the sopranos. Repeat after what this is on CNN.com. Repeat after Rudy. It's just a television show. It's just a television show. Former Mayor Rudy Giuliani weighed in yesterday where the cast members of HBOs, these sopranos, should march in the Columbus day parade and the ex-pursacuters on the side of the television mob. It says, of course, we know his name ends in a vowel. On a base of sopranos, fans Giuliani told reporters the show is a terrific show and I'd urge some Italian Americans to be less sensitive. You can spend your whole life wanting to be waiting to be insulted, wanting to be. Why would you want to be insulted? This comments came a day after me or Michael Bloomberg, do criticism from parade organizers for inviting Dominic T. N.A. Zee who placed only sopranos on the show and Lorraine Brocco will place our country's Jennifer Melphy to march in the city's annual television parade. What ever? I think we'll all get behind it when we just relax more about Giuliani. It's just a show. I was not there when they like all the streets in New York and like slide with olive oil. They shmoered on up and down all the streets, gallons, barrels of it. Parade organizers dislike the sopranos because they see it's a little more than a negative caricature of attending American life. The Columbus Citizens Foundation, which planned the event, previously has turned down request for sopranos actors to participate. Oh, those stogies will kill you, man. What did I tell you? No smoking. Oh, get a little champion light in me. I didn't invite them as members of the sopranos. I said, I guess they'll we have that. Larry Ariana, president of the Foundation, said the show perpetuates negative stereotypes. We sighed the whole crime element that shows italow Americans as uneducated low-life broochy said. Giuliani disagreed. Rudy says, I don't think we should feel sorry for ourselves. It's telling Americans have this sting they have to deal with where people may have some prejudices because of the mafia, which they shouldn't have. But Giuliani said he can't march in the parade because they'll be in California signing copies of his new book, leadership in campaigning for Bill Simon. If we're public and candidate for governor, you see what an egotistical little prickie is he swings open the door there. That uh, like we're supposed to have a drum roll. It's not all play any a tata. Okay for the beast. Okay. Because I heard the real reason he got kicked out that morning show. What do you say? He's unprofessional. He's unprofessional is what I was unprofessional. He's not a broadcast. He doesn't belong on that. I don't want him talking on my show. Get him out of there. Let him do the updates. And that's the end of that. Do not let him be on my show, goddamit. Kelly, I'm going to cut your balls off and fire your ass too. Yeah, he was out in the hallway this morning, guilty. Not that I was kind of a chilly reception I got after all this time I've been away. Haven't seen him in a dog's age. I saved a guy's job form even with a squeaky voice. Even after the way he tried to stab jugs McDonald in the back there, go after his job there and I radio play by play job. Okay. The beast isn't now. This deserves a drum roll this part. I agree with that. These have get none of the scale ladies, gentlemen. Balance for life is being balanced about a balance. Most of them are unbalanced. Oh, wait a minute. Okay. Which what was your last word? The notes right there. Oh. Three pounds. Oh, right. So he lost back to two pounds. He had gained back and another whatever. Two, twenty eight and a half. Don't forget to update it. We'll lose track. See you're another one. He's telling me what to do now. Don't you think I'm capable of writing that on there. I'm out of chewing gum and sitting here, squeeze my ass at the same time. Don't you think I can do that? I don't know. Let's sit and listen to all that drilling and hammering going on. I got an outlet and taking a few calls to our right. Let's take a few calls. And not carpet thing downstairs. That's what's going on. I don't give a crap what it is. I don't care what they're doing. It is so unacceptable and so freaking outrageous. I'm going to call my good friend president, Bush, and have him do something about it. I'm going to call a kind of leases. What I'm going to do. If you don't cut the crap off. That's for arts. So two, twenty eight and a half. The beast is lost. He started two, eighty nine. Is that correct? Twenty four. Twenty four. Well, and the same pretty good. Let's see. Fifty six and a half pounds is what it is. Right? Fifty five and a half. Let's not get too carried away. Twenty four and two twenty eight and a half. And since you haven't seen him in a while, can't you tell? No. The different. No. He can't go for a second. I can tell the difference. I don't know. I mean, I've got about more on. Yes. Okay. Hey, don't put him on the air. Whatever you do. Okay. I'm professionally. So little Mitch Mr. Sterber. I love eating nuts. And he, uh, consort, when those guys that I made, they show that just guys learn to go to the grovee in the spick. He consort with him. So whatever you do, put him on the guy they may are okay. Don't ever put him on my show again. You're fine to did. Okay. Goldie. Use suckle. And don't be talking to that fat that juice lovin' a hallway either. Okay. Cause I'll look at it back to me. Yeah. We got a real deal going on in this place. Boys and girls, I'll tell you man. So nice going there to be, uh, came back and tell your parents. No more goddamn cruises. Okay. Tell next time they slept your fat ass and a cruise. You're going to throw them both overboard. Just leave the checkbook. That's all. Throw their ass overboard. Here, this guy is working. I've done a, a damn good job. Overall these months. Any other thing reminds me of it during the break. I'm going to put my shrooms in the, uh, microwave. I snack. I'm going to have my lunch. Cause I'm back on balance for like myself. And next week, all next week on channel four on that, uh, on the five and six of the clock news. They're doing those series on different diets. They're doing acens this week. Next week balance for life. Maybe they can have the beast on there. What do you say? Don't put him on there. He's on professional. Don't put him on television. God damn it. In fact, we can have the beast wearing most wig. I think that would be that would be some eye. I would tune in and watch that special. I tape it. Get a 90 share. The beast wearing most peace. 18 till noon at 560 W to Q m is there still anybody out there who's not punching their lungs at VIP sports book.com. I feel bad if that's the case. Let me tell you you're missing out on a really great sports book. That's what Gary Sarners says. You know about Gary. He's an asshole. You hear a lot of ads. He's days, but you need to do some research before you're plunk your cash down at some unstable third world sports book. Let me help you out. VIP sports book.com is the only book to be unanimously endorsed by the industry watch stocks. They're Dutch based. Like in a real country with real living and breathing cheap people and one of the first online sports books ever. So if you want to go on a roll of a lifetime if you're hoping to anyway, you want to be at that time of the best sports book out there. VIP sports book.com. So you know you're going to want to put your cash. And of course with the football swing in big time and it hurts pain play another girl school. I've as you this weekend and all the other games going on. You want to be with the best like I said VIP sports book.com. Open an account online and get yourself a 15% cash sign up bonus. And then I mentioned they got the highest probably odds you'll find anywhere on the face of the globe up to 2001. So before Armageddon strikes get that plunge in and while it's hot. Get over to VIP sportsbook.com and play it a book with some real class. Call tool free to sign up at 1-8-6-VIP bets. That's 1-8-6-VIP, BE-ETS or get that 15% cash bonus by signing up online at VIP sportsbook.com where you be the VIP. Fly in local. We're sports video 560's you and you a.m. The first hit the bow. Underneath the control is the tip of a movie. With your foot care you'll keep so far apart. You can't believe the control is the point you'll be doing. Get me a match just like that. Open a watch of the top. You take cause you are at home. You can't believe it. You can't black-tay and jump down here. You can't bear who this match does they lack. And you have their shoes underneath the. Of the way you watch and off the wideest cars. You'll get you a say the trust you've got to leave. You sell our allies off the greedy oil wall. But then he make you clean all the wideest bazookies. The couple seems to enjoy it and then scrub the floor. They share you the wet sandals. You can't believe the control is the point you'll be doing. You can't believe the control is the point you'll be doing. You can't believe the control is the point you'll be doing. You can't believe the control is the point you'll be doing. You can't believe the control is the point you'll be doing. You live. That's it, dreaming you just like your is the role. That's when your head will move from side to side from the level. Into a sheds from it. They be cracked from asshole. Compton of the five sixty were the guy that the guy charted that mobile at the X-on station. I'm so well same difference now X-on a mobile. Guy, that guy chart. He guy. Yes. So we got another dead person shot by a crazy ass sniper there in front of her spirit. And then I didn't see the press conference that I'm missing her. He just got to come out yet to mousse man. Mr. Moose. I see something but it looked the same as it did every other day. And I'm sure he wasn't going to say anything. Did he ever say anything? Except when a kid got shot he said, now you've crossed the line. And I looked the next day in the paper. The ages of the day was one young woman was like in early 20s, and I was at 72 year old woman. And I keep asking myself, I don't understand that. I just don't get that. Their lives weren't worth as much. I see. Officials say tank reluctantly attacked off Yemen. You know, like I told you before they keep changing her story. First we knew it was a terrorist attack. And then well, let's not say that. A far we explosion aboard that French World tanker in the Arabian sea resorted from the attack on the ship US and French officials concluded yesterday. The American said it was an act of terror as the most likely carried out by people with links to Al Qaeda. Investigate is from France, Yemen, and the United States have been trying to determine what caused the place Sunday in the Lumberg, the killed one crew member, and said 90,000 barrels of oil pouring in the Gulf of Odden. It's become clear that it's an act of terrorism, a US intelligence official in Washington said yesterday, on the condition of course of anonymity. Al Qaeda were considered an old tanker with economic target officials. Said recent statements from Al Qaeda leaders would have suggested attacks on economic targets are imminent. The attack bears a number of similarities. They say the suicide vote strike on US's colon October 2002. The official said, and we say that that notion. Wow, how do you like that? It bears a striking similarity. I mean, are we sharp or what? Are we on top of it? Kind of like been there done that, seen it. How many votes we got on the poll now on the tone of the show? I don't know. I think we're finally getting back on the swing over here. A little bit. After a very hesitant start this morning with all that drilling going on on the floor. 320 votes, the total of the Neil show is it makes no difference. Where he does the show from 142. The tones sucks. We want the callers back. 131 about 41%. That's why you have from what it used to be. So do we believe it? Not necessarily. Why I took some calls. Don't you think I took enough? That one guy got me all a pissed off. He's fired up. Take. Yeah. Of course he wanted to talk about hockey. Not. He wanted to talk about as much about hockey as Mo wants to talk about hockey. That's right. Not. Because he doesn't know why I think about it. He's too guy damn lazy to go there. He makes one of parents. Last season throw the end of the season. They gave him a freebie to come there. Of course, and wind and dined. And you know, kiss this toes. Kiss this ring. Set around for one period. Making an appearance showing his president. Got up in a whole day. That's it. Lazy. Lazy and old. And of course when you get to be that age, I guess he become lazy. You know, we get to be in your 70s. The tone sucks. We want the colors back. 131. 41%. It's best when it's from Miami. Like right now 25. Man, is it good or what? I don't see, you know. Oh, you were aggravated. Oh, my. You're right about that. Best from Toronto 16. That's what I voted. And best from Amsterdam. For. Now, why was that be? I don't know. Well, that's right. I forgot. You can't get that good weed in Toronto. Right. Yeah. You can. Peru. mooer athlete. Fortnite. Koway. Grapefruit. $5 screaming. That's a幼 cultural Park. Get down, smart bump. Pretty�� to get. Meki. They agreed. They agreed. Stan portwever. C Sai. New Tom.湃cet. Home. Carbon, tu pedestrian. What are the attackers the official said? What was your luck? His cookies, though? In fact, let's just go blow his brains out and then we'll steal his cookies. Alkandari 21 in his 26 year old cousin, jassim al-Hajiri, both Muslim extremist who trained in Florida and Afghanistan, drove up and opened fire on him, Marines taken a break from urban assault training on the island of Faelika, Falaqah, Tim Ahsah, the coast of Wauy, no doubt. We know it, and then they keep waffling back and forth. Not that they don't tell us the truth, of course you don't understand that, don't you? Sure, good. White bands seem bumping vehicles leaving the scene that that shooting in the Ferdersburg, a white van again. Now do you think the white van is probably hidden out on any five right now? I don't know. You think they got a radio with a like a new station on there in that van. Oh. You think they got to me more of those cute terro cards? See, when they find that white van, I mean, I don't want to get to be one of these violent people, one of these angry, but you know, I just blow their crap away right now, you know, just find a van and kill him. Maybe they'll resist. Oh, good. We can only hope. Damn it. It looks like they were going to resist. Oh, wrong van? Well. So I think that's a good lesson for all new people out there. Don't be filling up your, get, don't be pumping your gas. Don't be pumping no ethyl at a station near the highway, right? Although, of course, it's all confined up in that area so far so far so far so far so bad. Passing your with box cutters paid to lesser charge in return to Bulgaria. I guess that's a fake worse than the United States of the punishment. A Bulgarian lawsuit, new attempt to board a plane in Atlantic city last month with two box cutters and scissors struck a plea agreement. The yesterday that calls from the leave the country. Good. Went and doubtship him out. Nicolavee, Sonet. What is that? That's a box cutter. Oh, zone of 21. Please go to the knowingly and hopefully piloting airport rules. Under the agreement with prosecutors, it was sentenced to five years probation order to leave the country. Zone of have been charged with the tentative order plane where they can seal weapon, which crazy penalty about to 10 years in federal prison. If you missed the call earlier on the show where we're taking some really neat calls, not we had some asshole that called in. Oh, yeah. What, you know, that was calls really get ponderous. And hey, we got things changing now. It's hockey season. And, you know, plus it gets really ponderous every day. Here are all these stories about push to this. Just a bush look, your man, a professional bush liquor, who's who thinks that he can call and influence me and tell me what I'm going to talk about on his show. Like I'm going to lay off these fashes bastards and washing in. You can hold your breath. We're long and hard on that one, baby. Somebody's got to open up a mouth. Jesus, K. K. And that's why I do read these comes because they're all from people who have the ball stove and up a mouth and tell it like it is. Instead of goose stepping the guy at the impartie line. Now, kind of tapes prompt FBI warning. Now, I read this, but I don't know what color we're under today. Do you? Yellow. Are you sure? Yes. How do you know that? I saw a thing. It was yellow. Yeah. It was most herapese. It's convenient, you know, it changes by the day. Certain day. Yeah. The FBI's warning state local authorities that recent tape statements by al-Qaeda leaders may signal at another attack on the US has been approved. CBS News National Security correspondent Dave Martin reports that al-Qaeda has got a track record. A releasing statement by its leaders just before major attacks like the Afra-Kuna-Mah embassy bombings in 1998. The White House said yesterday that there were no plans to raise the terror alert level because of the al-Zawari tape reports CBS News correspondent John Roberts. It is presently at yellow. See just like I just said. It's presently at yellow. Significor risk because officials don't have any specific information detailing where and when and attack me occur yellow is the third highest level of five threats. Let's see we got yellow and then what orange and red. Right? I know my commerce man. That's why we do I say that a lot because I know my commerce. But what's below the yellow? Green would be at the bottom. No, blue is at the bottom. Blue is at the bottom. Green's the next one. But I thought we just had co-blue in Virginia. No, I think green is at the bottom. And if you got co-blue in the hospital and you got somebody dying over here. Green is at the bottom. Right? Huh? Hey, you know something you better know your com. I'm going to get the bridge tender on your ass because you sure don't know your colors, Mr. Eddie. Yeah, what else wrong with you? You better get with it. Yeah, I like the tone of the show better here. You know because I get much more aggravated. I like to talk to these cornsheps I got from balance for life. I'm going to like to tell to those damn shrumes I got and they're those whatever it'll be were. I figured what it said on they are. Air all the food I've had has been magnificent. I had the Mongolian beef the other day. Oh, that's the best. Mm. And spite of the broccoli. Man. And of course, you know the kind of idiot that invented my golden beef. Mongol. I'm on golden idiot. It's 156 at 560wc337 votes on the full. Let's get that book a Brian CD after 100 CD sold by the end of the week. Okay. Quit just downloading and stealing it. We know what you're up to. We know the kind of crap that you ask holes pull. You cheat faster. Do you? What's how much is he charging for 15 bucks? Well, worth it at 10 times the price. Let's get with it. Anybody that wouldn't want all those mobots my gut enough to make you a crappy or pants that you're worked for. Well, I'll tell you that. Look like he had another one in London. Burls in his pants this morning. A pomp and a park is doing it this weekend. They'd be post time tonight for live racing 715 and it just maybe a boil. Not a lot of a broil. Big big boil. Of course, when you get raped that off and I guess you do get boils on your ass. You know what? 715 post time on Friday and Saturday including that for the first time in a 40 year history of the tractor. We freak clubhouse and grants that the mission all seem to love. As always, see this is another reason I hate being back here. I got to watch this idiot over there with a red in the face crawling a bouncing off the table in there. Just calm down. There's nothing so fun. When you get to be in your 80s, you'll have a brown stains in your pants too like mo. In fact, based on a number of crap you take every day and about a week your plan. In fact, when you see that the contract don't show up. Talk about old general yellow stain. There are two new wages this season. Complaint the super super where they $10,000 bonus payout or try one of the two pick four wages at Pompano Park. Are they going to start that graphic down stairs? They got another hour. Tonight is CScape night. There'll be free prize drive to win one of 10 trips for two on the CScape casino dinner cruise not over the second leg of the CScape pacing series. Also on a program that I pump for a part, they $50,000 standing stakes for two year old trotters. Tomorrow night, the $70,000 sales takes for two year old paces and the second leg of the fall debut pacing series. I see give all this his back. How's it going, eh? Kevin? This is the last week. Pompano Park will be open only two nights because starting next week, when the October 16th, Pompano Park will be open three nights a week for your Wednesday Friday and Saturday for your plunging pleasure and the six stores top of the park dining room starts up on Wednesday with its great new menu. Finding and every night that we have live racing which will be Wednesday, Friday and Saturday and of course I'm all casting every day seven days a week and night starting a noon. Pompano Park where they're plunging the light crazy. Don't forget post-am tonight and every night, 715 p.m. My life and love this is 42560. Where it be that well the one hour on WQA. Hey, we end it's John Walker-Dwind, the American tall band. Let's just stay without getting into specifics. I'll be very happy when this year is finally over. I'm facing 20 years in prison. I'm coming in terms of the fact that I'm a traitor. I'm even starting a deal with issues of abandonment with my parents but that's not the worst of it, dude. Today I'll pick up the paper and they keys me if there's no delky way to save us. Newark going pack a standing weaness. They sell was the lover of some business dude named Tsar Hayat. I will say this. I'll remember this guy. Only slightly. I think I made him in Frisca while I was getting my high-cootic. Yeah, you know, I'm messy house when there's a chance of unexpected company. But this whole thing is a real bellywackle bra after reading the story and answering four to five hundred phone calls for people asking me to give side clocks a backer up. I finally realized this might be my father. Her maybe it was me. I sure so couldn't do it now, at all. I'm so freaking loaded with so often my compass is permanently pointing south. I'm not ruled out. The fact that I could be turned on by some man can. Like I'm not saying I wouldn't have checked this guy out in the shower. She got to remember us taliban. We didn't take showers, dude. I didn't run from the stinking me fast enough. So it's a surprise. Not quite sure the storm is accurate. Not quite sure it's not. It's bubble four to five sixty wqm. How big is so far behind? By the way, rich pack here. I got a message for you. Jesus cried. Yeah, that's a message. How many times does he have to pass me the same thing? I'll tell you read it. I was gonna read it and I'm gonna read it. All the way. We'll say this. I appreciate it because I got this from several different people. The problem being that each copy I had to clean the way he sent earlier didn't come out right for whatever reason. Maybe the facts is like fixing itself. You think? Because I noticed the pages aren't pouring out of there anymore. I think doff gave it that evil look. Can we give it the evil eye? Yeah. Anyway, and also rich pack. They're quick. Pick it on poor Eric. He writes on here at the bottom and he'll tell breakfast, read, or boy, that the title is the rest of two songs. Not kiss and end blank this morning. Shmuck. You can write nigger run. Okay. I mean, what? No, and I haven't on that. He must have put something on the website that uh, it tells what songs are in here. I don't know. And he's all been out of shape because not being a celebrity since he wrote a liner notes at the back of the CD, rich pack. There. Now he's getting very been out of shape with fat Eric. Oh, and you leave his breakfast read to alone. Okay. You idiot. Everything Eric put on there. He got from Boca Brian. Right. So blame that the vault hit a geek. Okay. You're always, always give him grief anyway. He's on a way in Boca Brian. He'll be here. Well, he stops at the gas station. Anyway, the article says the bottom line is I don't trust this prison and his advisors. Not every Democrat has caved a bush's martial fur of a representative Pete Stark makes it stunningly clear why he voted against the Iraq War resolution. And this, uh, it's short. Is the fiery statement delivered on the floor of the house a Wednesday by California veteran Democrat represented a Pete Stark. You vote Pete. That's here for Pete. He says, Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to this resolution, authorizing military force against Iraq. I'm deeply troubled that lives may be lost without a meaningful attempt to bring Iraq into compliance with that with UN resolutions to careful and cautious diplomacy. The bottom line is I don't trust this president and his advisors. Make no mistake. We're voting on a resolution that grants total authority to the president wants to invade a sovereign nation without any specific act of provocation. This would authorize the United States, who acted as the aggressor for the first time in our history. It sets a precedent for our nation or any nation to exercise brute force anywhere in the world without regard to international law or international consensus. Congress must not walk in locks that beyond a president who's been so callous to proceed without reservations if war was of no real consequence. You know, three years ago in December, Molly Ivins and Observer of Texas politics wrote, for an upper class white boy bush comes on way too hard, at a guest to make up for being an upper class white boy. Somebody she said should be worrying about how this could affect his handling of future encounters with some, Sodom who's saying, how prophetic Ms. High-Eyevins? I think it's supposed to say with someone like, but again, it's chopped off here at the edges. Let us not forget that our president or commander of her chief has no experience with the knowledge of war. In fact, he admits that he was invested at best in Biblin about to Vietnam war. He scored it his own military service and then failed to serve out his time in the national guard and he reported the years later that at the height of the conflict in 1968, he didn't notice any heavy stuff going on. He didn't notice any heavy stay alive on a while because maybe someone heavy stuff was going up his nose. So we have a president who thinks forward territory is the opponent's dugout and cashmers a sweater. What is most unconscionable is that there's not a shred of a shred of evidence to justify the certain loss of life through the generalized threats and haptoos of this administration. You've any one of us in Congress, the confidence to tell a mother or father or family that the loss of their child or loved one was a name of a just cause? Is the president's need for revenge for the threat once posed to his father enough to justify the death of any American? I submit the answer these questions is no. Aside from the wisdom of going to war's bush once, I'm troubled by who pays for his capricious adventuring to world domination. The administration admits to a cost of around 200 billion dollars. Now, while the individuals won't pay, they've got big tax cuts already. Corporations won't pay, they'll cook the books and move overseas and then send their contributions to Republicans. Rich kids won't pay their daddies will get them the firmences big George did for W. Who then will pay? School kids will pay. There'll be no money to keep them from being left behind way behind. Seniors will pay, they'll pay big time as the Republicans privatized social security and robbed the trust fund to pay for the capricious war. Medicare will be curtailed and drugs will be more unaffordable. And there won't be any money for a drug benefit because Bush will spend it all on the war. Working folks will pay through Los Angeles security and bargaining rights, our grandchildren will pay through the definition of our air and water quality and the international pay is Bush continues to destroy civil rights, women's rights and religious freedom in a rush to phony patriotism and quoting the messianic Pharisees of the religious right. The questions before the members of the House and the Wal-Mart Americans are immense, but there are clear answers America's not currently confronted by a genuine proven imminent threat from Iraq. Their call for war is wrong. And what greatly saddens me at this point in our history is my fear that this entire spectacle has not been planned for the well-being of the world, but for the short-term political interest of our president. Now I'm also greatly disturbed that many democratically is also put political calculation ahead of the president's accountability to truth and reason by supporting this resolution. But I conclude that the only answer is to vote no one to resolution before us, said those democratic representatives of Pete Stark on Wednesday. I've gone to Pete, you go. So really correct. Right on, sweetheart. Oh yeah, but it's so boring here. Oh yeah. No, it's better here in Lardas and all those other right-wing those goose stepping Nazis on the air. Much better here in him. Suck it up and making crap up as they go along. God forbid that anybody should deal with the truth because just like Jack Nicholson said, something about the truth. Something about the Tom Cruise and Matt Damon. Ben Affleck. Oh and this Ben Affleck J. Low thing. Is there anybody who believes that? What? What did I tell you about her? Whatever. Yeah, you did. I want to tell you about him and Matt Damon. I never believe that. I sure would like to watch. It's uh, where is the cop? So disorganized your men. This place sucks. You don't really do this is bad. And they're saying that to show the tone is better for Miami. You should live so long folks. You better you better learn your tons, Mr. because you sure is held on. Right. 10 past noon at 5.60. W W Q M L I'll have different lifestyles. Therefore, need different products to make us feel better and be healthier. Audio made Mediterranean formulas are advanced combinations of pharmaceutical grade olive oil combined with good stuff. Vitamins are in their minerals, herbal and other nutrients, scientifically designed to provide natural nutrition solutions to help you support specific health needs. Look for only a meds three new formulas which are sleep, weight management and co enzyme Q 10. I'll using the benefits of pharmaceutical grade olive oil. Only meds an outstanding new product. It's good for you. It's available at publics and records and well greens. If you'd like more information content for free, 1866. Only a med. That's 1.866.6536633. You can also order only a med products online at oliomedamerica.com. And if you visit your nearest publics and purchase an oliomed product in Broward and Dave Counties, you can receive a coupon for a free Larry Cocoa Bobblehead doll. Well supplies last. Don't forget to visit their sampling provision at SportsTime every Sunday when the dolphins are playing a home game. Pick up free oliomed samples and product information. Start feeling healthy again like isn't right now. Get some oliomed and start feeling great today. Bang in the butt honey. Oh, I'm so excited. I'm so excited. I'm so excited. I'm so excited. I'm so excited. I'm so excited. I'm so excited. I'm so excited. I'm so excited. I'm so excited. I'm so excited. I'm so excited. I'm so excited. I'm so excited. I'm so excited. I'm so excited. I'm so excited. I'm so excited. I'm so excited. I'm so excited. I'm so excited. I'm so excited. I'm so excited. I'm so excited. I'm so excited. What's fire? Cocoa's fire? He's got egg on his face. He pulled out of the race now he's done Winkstow on the earth right away. Maybe now we can fire Sally because the torch wants his White The RON there in a course that we want to make a bomb. It's a 1215 at 516WQ. Focused Brian's here with a lovely hairpiece by the way. That thing is just incredible. It's a piece of hair alright. It's a piece of something. Yeah. In fact, you know something that's kind of a color of a piece of something. Wrindle. 359 votes on the survey. So far about the tone of the world famous Neil Rodger shows. We try to get this tone straight now. Okay. Oh, I know a tone they'd like. Yeah. How's that tone? Oh, that's a sandy patent tone. It makes no difference where he's doing it. See, the whole, I don't think the question was phrase properly. You think? Sure. It makes no difference where he is 156. The tone says we want the colors back. 147 still 41%. I think about 100 of those are crank. Best from Miami 30. Best from Toronto 20. And best from Amsterdam 4. I guess I've already done more shows from Amsterdam. They would have had more votes, right? No question. Oh, I couldn't have been very good because I was breathing that off of there. They're in choking and gagging at least on two of those shows. And between having a flu and being sick all the time. What is that? Is that a penny? Is that a penny? How could you know that? Who got other asshole would be doing something like that? What other moron would be doing that? Instead of outselling the show since we have so many evils on his show? What other schmuck would be a heavy stick? Get him out of here. He's lying in the door and saying, okay, bro, Bokus, stand the door and this thing. Schmuck. You see, you know, what the problem is? I gave him a little bit of encouragement because the joke about the, about the scuck in screw-ins crops. That was kind of amusing, you know? That isn't quite the way he told him, but I, you know. I still think it. It's old. It is old, but it's kind of cute. What about the smell? He won't mind. Yeah, what's wrong with that? Okay, this is not even slightly amusing this thing. And it's the skipping to clown. What is this supposed to mean? Skippy to clown. I know we got skipping in the cell. Is that what is supposed to mean? I guess what's the sign on his hand there? Please help me. I see. And it looks to me like he's been getting plenty of asses and probably from that little, idiot Todd Drek. In fact, Todd's probably had him over at Steve. Have him as house in Davy. Maybe this weekend you can take Vokobrano with a steam house in Davy. PDL and do it once. Well, PDL, well, PDL, well, PDL, in fact, you should when he opened the door there, so you should just give us an important stuff like Steve M's phone number. Now, how about this new Hampshire Dicis will pay? I already had this story. You folks got listen a little more closely. Okay, you're wasting our fast paper with stories already had. I appreciate it very, very much, not, but cut the crap. And here's a fast for George. See, I see the kind of stuff that goes on when I'm out here now because I think you're the money. Peel in these factions off the machine. George ain't in here, okay. He's back in his little room there. His room closet with Vokobrano and his wig. Which is starting to move around a little bit. Now is that the same old one that you just gave a haircut to? Yes. Oh. I thought the old one was like more blondish. No. That's it. Maybe kind of like give it a little dunk in a septic tank to change a cover a little bit. That's it. Oh, that's it. That is you, man. That is you. Pick up your head a second. Oh, is that? Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. It's Ted Couple. It is sensational. Ted Couple and how do you do it? I'll wrap into one ball of schmutz. Anyway, this is from DJ Valentine. Oh, good guy. Says this website again to join my info. Superherohide.com. What is this baby crap all about? Oh, it's about the the pole that we did. Oh. So there's a fast for it. It'll be in a waste basket if you want. Take it out. There's one for defa when you're two. Well, here's a bad story. This is depressing. All over the guy was pretty old, you know. A real estate lawyer with oral and bladder cancer died less than three months after winning a 37 and a half million dollar jury award against three major cigarette makers who was 77. This is from Coral Gables, no less. John Lookax, who had testified in June, when he wouldn't lie, likely lived long enough to see any of the award, that is home Monday. And here it is Friday, and the AP just get around of this now. You work came in a compensatory damage claim that grew at a hundred and forty five billion dollar punitive, or the covering all sick flow to smoke or two years ago. These multi billion dollar claims against the tobacco companies. This is ludicrous. And I'll say it again. If only, and this shows you the kind of loony turns country we live in every day that article yesterday in or Wednesday and USA today about fat. And then we had it again on the show yesterday. More and more people were getting fat about a second. You got almost see us like expanding right before your eyes. If they would only force the food manufacturers to put on a goddamn labels, the dangers in the skull and crossbones on air and the sugar and all the hidden carbs and all the other crap that refined carbohydrate garbage that's making everybody balloon up to like gigantic size. Then there might be some credibility there, but they don't give a crap. In addition to which last time I checked cigarettes aren't illegal. They're not illegal. So how can you sue somebody for a product that's been approved for commercial sale? And then say, well, your kill us didn't give us enough information. If you're that stupid that you can't read the warning on it says, if you smoke this Faggot, you're going to die. If that isn't enough for you, then what can I tell you? I have no sympathy for those people. It's like people that eat like tubs and tubs of misleas, uh, turtle ice cream, you know, tastes good. Taste the left. And then damn stinky faggot's the people are smoking all I will say this to God. It's considering how old this is, you know. That's been there. Been in there for a minute because we haven't had a new cigar as well. We don't have any cigar sponsors on the show anymore. And I won't take any. Nothing we're going to get any. I wouldn't take any because smoke anything is bad for you other than that we're could we now we will have Steve M. doing some spot starting next week or think I think time traded it out. And you know what they say about Todd stupid. Five six seven. Let's take some more calls this hour. Okay, we had a couple of calls in it. I really got this show gone. All over before we do that. I got a free. How did I save this to this far down? Radio city to get a major tune up. Are you familiar with this? No. Well, this is you better listen very carefully and you have some put in your new contract about this which you're not going to get. I mean you'll get something. Maybe federal regulators give the go ahead yesterday for digital radio. Oh, I did hear about that. Sorry. Approving applied to modernize the meeting with better sound and new features for personalized programming. The FCC voted for the zip. Oh, to adopt digital radio technology created by I. Bickwoody digital corporation. Is that how they pronounce it because it's got like a little eye. You know, like I vote, chronic and I've been quitting digital corp. A company backed by large broadcasts including ABC and Viacom. Great robbers. CBS news.com is part of Viacom and this is of course on their website. The commissioners and two ziang by the way that I mentioned. Nescape sucks. All you people out there. Nescape blows internet explorer is the way to go. Right. Right on. What's what's going. What's going. What's. What's. What's. What's. That's what I'm saying. It's what I'm saying. I'm saying. It's what I'm saying. Is where it's a winwin for everyone. There's no downside. Commissioner Kathleen. Brad. That's what you think. Radio has changed little for decades. Thanks to this very same. FCC has become a sewer like a septic tank. FCC chairman Michael Taule said he's heartened. That such dramatically forward technologies and store. Before I continue with this, which is very important for people. Since they're listening the radio right now, I'm assuming. Or listening on the internet. But same difference. So what did the beast tell you while he was in their eating is lunch. Now come on don't narrow play he must have told you something some juicy stuff not like you wish would say some juicy details In quotes Notice he didn't say anything about that issue now no well you're not a very good detective then man we were eaten he was eaten That's why you'll never be real fat saying and never be a fat per a cuz fat people just like me I can do the show I can eat I can like tell gossip I'm right with the things at the same time and keep keep all who drive the car Take a dump I mean anything you name it No, I've never have done that but I'm sure that I know fat people out of one room and she ain't You can just see them and it would a bucket of chicken you know Not between their knees with the TV tray. Yeah, no, just a bucket of me between their knees you haven't kind of like spread your legs Anyway, we're taking a good I can sleep them in there and the curl is smiling back at him. He's holding his nose though He's got her he's got a clothespin on his nose the old turtle And he said oh it's finger looking good Man you can't you can't the vision fat boy in there with a couple of big max I can see right now turkey leg turkey leg would be good I can envision it right now Anyway, I'm thrilled and excited to see radio wagon train finally get to do a side Michael Paul said of course the son of what's his name there? Colin Adam Clayton my resume Your approval allows radio stations to immediately begin broadcasting digital signals the little probably take a few months for the first days It's to start and you can believe it across money. We're not going to be one of them Digital radio could be the biggest update to the medium since the debut of FM and the 40 said can Mueller radio curator The museum of TV and radio in New York Viewers said the like if him which didn't become popular in the 70s It's going to take quite some time to phase in and it's going to take a long time here because the beeslies will have to raise the money We're not talking and I'll have to sell a banjo as first We're not talking 30 years here. He said we have to wait till people start getting receivers to pick this up Manufacturers plan to sell digital receivers for car stereos and high-end audio systems starting next year adding about a hundred bucks to the price of a traditional unit It's some fair house soon digital technology obey included portable radios the I've Bicquity technology lost broadcasters to use their existing Airways sending digital analog radio simultaneously since stations won't need a new place in the radio band And there's no cut-off day for analog service listeners without digital radios won't have their favorites stations go silent if you had a black and white TV new local stations start broadcasting in color your black and white TV still worked So the president of a Bicquity Robert Struble, but if you wanted their high quality new picture You got to go buy color TV. It's a similar digital radio and basically what it says is new technology You bring CD quality sound FM broadcast in an endestatic for a M and new data features how do you like that? Like it'll have the age when you're listening in the morning show it have like a 73 on us on a screen LVM was a brawl Of course, I don't know if this stuff's gonna be available if most will be here by that time a couple of months Not now, I've done coming here right the book. I like that the 21st was I right and I have the right to nailed it Monday the 21st which today. I'll see it's a week from Monday will be the summer book. Oh, Hallelujah that. I'm gonna make a big project of that boy Think or swim and in fact that's probably what Greg is dragging a seat on your contract about you want to see what kind of a number you had You know what I'm saying see better hope that I bailed your ass out in September But I hope we had a big September debate your little agwava eating a spiky nass Because otherwise that we got real tourists and of course that morning show if that thing continues to turn to tank I think somebody might say to mohate tanks, but no tanks see you see it'll end of my raise house If he says that again this weekend, I'm gonna I may take a couple weeks off as a Matter of protest see all those guinea grinders out there. There all been out of shape about that silly thing with a soprano's marching that parade They ought to be upset that here's a guy supposed to know something about football and he's calling him Olando Marre You better learn you're Italian mr because you sure don't Right Olando Marre my ass and by the way handset he knows a lingo sister or something like that. It's Marre everybody knows that Voka Brian's gonna be doing full array. We're gonna have that song in here in a couple days. You got it? He's working on it full array With them with Dominican Madunio, would I'm sorry Dominican Madunio? Prop 27 at 5. 60 WQM is there anybody in the world who wasn't plunging their guts at VIP sportsbook.com How about Gary Sarner he's an asshole? Let me tell you you're missing out on a really fine sportsbook if that's the case. They're really fine You're a lot of ads these days, but you need to do some research before you put your heart or in cash down It's some unstable third world sportsbooks. They like in highly a garden some awful place like that Let me help you out VIP sportsbook.com is the only book to be unanimously endorsed by the industry watchdogs They're Dutch based on one of the first online sportsbooks ever come down the pike And of course if that day comes when you go on a roll of a lifetime at that time You want to be with the best sportsbook going which of course unquestionably is VIP sportsbook.com And with the football season going big and now hockey starting again You want to pledge at VIP sportsbook.com open your account online and get yourself that 15% Cash sign up bonus and don't forget VIP sportsbook.com offers you the highest probably odds You'll find anywhere up to 2001 So get over to VIP sportsbook.com and pledge it a book with class that you can trust call tool free to sign up 1-8-6-VIP bets That's 1-8-6-VIP bets or sign up online and get you that 15% cash bonus Just go to VIP sportsbook.com online and the click it on VIP sportsbook.com or you be the VIP The best of three groups bread is cheese through his church Howling the best of three groups Stepping in fetching at the whim of his white man's hood Howling the best of three groups Take the students eat up the globalest crackers Howling the best of three groups And on top top top serve a good pool Howling the best of three groups Up with sweet black steak Go flip scoop Go flip howling the best of three groups Yo! Go living, go living, go living, go living A slave needy, go Yes, goland, bow, old, that would even do Alright It's got 16 stars. It's number one. We're 14 bullets already 23 at 5.60. Oh, what else is on here? That we've been looking for and Mow would be proud of this You're working, Brian Why do you train monkeys at the end of the month? Oh, so on with the monkey? Oh yeah I like the monkey room, but I'll maybe we'll take a pool on that with some of you like that Whittling with house It's Meldickuscon, that's what we're saying 27 to 1 at 5.60. WCUAM 385 votes on that pool today Maybe they say the phone, they like the tone right now We like the way that tone sounds right Right about there, wow, do you hear that? I think it was piercing. Crack it up a couple of notches Okay, now see, I said we were taking some more calls and there are any calls Did I just say that a minute ago? I said let's take some more calls this hour. We got 40% even even 40% what calls The tone sucks we want to call us back. Where are they? Can't take no calls if you don't have any? 5.60, 505.60, pound 5.60 on the AT&T and Verizon How about those Panthers? Oh, yeah, let's do that guy favor do some panther talk It will be knocking the El Presidente so much By the way, when cigarettes become harder to buy more miners steal them I just thought I mentioned that Yeah, and that's surprising. WKOM? How you doing? Okay, great Hey, please stop all the reading. Oh my god, I've been listening for 20 years Sometimes it gets a little plunder a little bit Oh, how about you know, they old news and you're reading it I mean, I'm not slamming yet. I love you. Yeah, I'm still here But you got to mix it up a little bit Well, that's what I'm doing today, I'm mixing it up Okay, just get a call as a VIN or all suck out here You know, we still listen. I still love your show I don't agree with your politics all the time I put up with all the left wing leanings and the bashing of the right Well, wait, wait a minute, wait a minute We'll put up with the left wing. I don't understand what that means In other words, I'm here The show's there for the call now, I don't think Yeah, well, that's because there's a lot of heavy duty crap going on Yeah, you're right, but you know, the listeners are there So in other words, the fact that we're about to attack Iraq The fact that we have all this economic turmoil going on and people losing their life savings In other words, it's only in my eyes that there's heavy duty crap going on Maybe I've been here for decades You were behind the Gulf War and I used to listen to you That was behind the Gulf War because they invaded another country They invaded Kuwait, what the hell's that got to And then in other words, so the fact that we were against them Invading another country, now we should support this country We're waiting for them to be in the middle of the country We're waiting for them to be in the middle of the country We're waiting for them to be in the middle of the country Wait wait a minute, what evidence have you got that Iraq had anything to show you in the city? Okay, you're just another one of them bush quizlings and you're another good one I'm glad I took those two calls What a job they've done Yeah, no, it's not a quick no, you don't understand He didn't have to do any job And other words, lead us to the water and we'll suck it up Even if we know there's arsenic in it because we want to believe whatever you tell us There is absolutely no evidence 15 of the 19 goddamn hijackers on 911 came from Saudi Arabia Our good allies are good close personal bodies would have been a batch mothas under heads Man, oh man, there wasn't one single Iraqi involved in that attack There was no Iraqi attack But that doesn't that kind of Muslim In fact, if you're really it's a little bit too complex for you sir Just take a look in the pictures, okay picture should be easy to figure out Look at the picture of son and little mustache There's no beard, there's not that kind of head year, okay That's already have to see no beard, no Ashmata head year And then you know he's not one of them He don't want anything to do with them, they want to kill him They would love to kill him And they would also love for us to win or start this history to get all their fanatical Muslims all over the world We've definitely were friends, this is the this will be the culmination of just exactly what Osama Yama Hope to start with 911, that's exactly what he wanted And assholes like you are saying, oh yeah, well this is revenge for it See this is what they're playing on, this is what they they've fashioned stuff There are playing on as your emotion And that's why this last September 11th to when you read a verse of Rebois They've played it up to the health Played it to the health and here's Carl Roves says What you don't try to sell a new product in August What a great line that was What a rare moment of honest, yeah Slip right out Don't try to sell a new product So in other words, come 911 though It's September when you know the dog needs a summer over And everybody's back to business That's when you start pushing heavy duty and brainwashing the masses out there Because the masses most of them are just like this guy See the people that don't want me to read this stuff Are the people he puts up with my left wing linings, I love that I'm not anymore left wing now that I was 10 years ago, 20 years ago Whatever you're talking about It's just that I don't feel that I'm doing anything productive sitting here Talking about your bosos every day Oh Joe, he's in douchebag There's nothing interesting about that It's not productive, it's not interesting, it's not amusing It's not a radio show, okay? Now, Guirantea, every day I want to clock into a while When the end of that show came when I was up there I felt like I just accomplished something worthwhile And yeah, it's ponderous reading, I understand it But I'm sorry, I'm not that kind of, first of all There aren't that many hours in the day I don't have this vast staff, I wonder my friend Lynn Samuel's I don't know what kind of people she's got working But they got to be the best because her website is sensational It's all her, Brian says Is it really? She's phenomenal She must not sleep, she must spend every waking moment Looking for the most incredible stories And she puts the links to them right there I probably get more stuff off her website than anything else Stuff that people need to know But I'm just, I don't have the time in the day To do the research, to be able to pour through all of this stuff And then to be able to articulate and go into a rambling commentary On each story, this is why I'm reading my additional Which most of the people who's columns I'm reading Like Nick Christophe and all these other people are And Molly Ivans are held a lot more articulate and bring it That I'll ever be Where are they going to hear that on the broadcast media? They're not, and they're not going to read any of this business About day old news, we're going to help we get in day old news What's day old? What is this man talking about? He's just making crap up like that, they attack He doesn't want to hear it, okay? I'm telling you right now, so in fact, it's the noon to one hour This is the hour when all good right wingers like you Are supposed to be listening to that deaf fat ass over there on nine Or whatever he's on sixth ten Or that real lunatic that self-aggrandizing puts Who hasn't got an e-anothecary even he's fellow's name right Because he's just a master of misinformation And egotistical pomp is little ass Bill or Riley, but there you got all the right wingers you could want They're all over the place, they're supposed to live with media That we got all that anybody has got to do is say anything And disagree with his fascist regime we got in power now Who stole a frickin' election right here in your backyards by the way That wasn't good enough to convince you God forbid anybody should end And like that one guy said, oh I couldn't relate to the people of order for Gore Well good, I'll see you in church, okay? I'll see you at Armageddon time And believe me, I'm not buying your crap, okay? It's gonna probably won't be Jesus either We can't Steven's rest up as Jesus, you're not full of me Oh yeah, I have one on out, he's in the bind Whatever new piece of crap is popular at the moment Jesus? Can't Steven's, and Jesus He's even pigna nose Chinese, he said the dog he's in the kettle That's his new song coming out Twenty-two-one, and or is it the skunkers in the kettle, let's it's grand-sounds Oh man, that was PD Lenny who said that's correct, not me He said something really stink, something, what's that line in the song? Something, right here, something, something in the screw-ance And mobile play it, we'll find out Spide away speaking of the Chinese folks are good personal friends How about the Emerald Coast Chinese buffet? There are no dogs on a menu there, I'll tell you Richard wouldn't put up with that, there's maybe some dogs in their eating In fact, some of those big porters who always show up at all of the face There are there, and the reason that there is because they know the food is sensational At the Emerald Coast, whether you're skinny, whether you're already a big tub of crap Or whether you're just in between, all you have to do is eat the Emerald Coast is hungry for some delicious food They got a real feast waiting for you, they got three locations sunrise north Miami Beach And the newest location in prestigious Pembroke Pines Dart your meal with a Trouys of six different soups, then sampled dozens and dozens of succulent entrays Oriental surfing turf on the weekend with less than king crab and New York stiff made order And then of course be sure and check out that gourmetset or a sizzling Asian real featuring teriyaki steak Shrimp chicken seafood and handcar prom rib It is unbelievable, the Emerald Coast buffet promotes healthy living too because they cook all of their fine cuisine With cholesterol free oils, and there's no crafter, there's no MSG, there's no uh I just told you the joke about what, oh, about to scunk And over faith features a full salad bar, new sushi bar and fresh shrimp cocktail too One requirement try to save some room for desserts or take a long crowbar to open up your pants Because the dessert bar is amazing featuring pies and cakes, pastry up pastries Ice cream and all your favorite toppings and fresh fruit, it's a perfect end to an unforgettable meal Three locations like I said you find an emerald coast in sunrise, Pine Island of 44 Collins Avenue just north of 163 north Miami Beach and at the intersection of Flamingo and Pembroke roads in Pembroke Pines, except reservations take out an delivery available as well Call 9-5-4-5-7-238-22 We even have the number right now, nice going there, Skippy 9-5-4-5-7-238-22 for more info on the amazing Emerald Coast and look for the new Oriental chicken salad too Wh Самego реmblot OIs report radio 5 ceo jugar yaRem Hey B kole P Fayette Ruh The family, the charity's wrong The daughter, the daughter of the family The child, the whole thing's wrong The daughter, the whole thing's wrong What's the problem you're asking for? Why are you asking for money? The daughter, the whole thing's wrong Something's wrong The daughter, the whole thing's wrong Screw it You'll be the big yabang tonight I'll smack your hand And bruise up your body the way you lie Screw it You get my bone thrown The charity, but it's too old here You can't get no hair if it's wrong You got a thing you lie You just beat my son The daughter, the she read eyes You know how to do it now You got to take with those days your dad No! 14 till 1 at 5. 60 I was wondering what that white scrub was down her right leg, you know? Screw it Here's the fact this is don't listen to that guy You're sure rocks window colors All the articles are really interesting and informative It's nice to hear articles from other newspapers and such Thanks and keep it up love Ajah How do you like that? Hey man Why are somebody out there's a happy campus? See I don't take any of this very seriously Because anything that is good This town are like in the first place, you know? And if it sucks, it's just like Pavel Buri and the panthers Oh we didn't need him, he had a bad attitude But I'm at your right Right And then we got people writing crap in the newspapers Here we know a hockey puck if you stuck a dozen of them up there And it's like Dave Hyde and Dave Joseph What a how you guys kid man I read better stuff in Anna The toilet paper from Germany I was reading about the other day Remember that? I read better stuff on there And had better brought worst Who are you guys kid man? Strickly the bushes That's the amazing thing boy You go and you live somewhere else for a few months And you come back here and you realize Bush league is a To use that term in regard to this town Is like an insult to all bush league places Just incredible Religious big brother contestants will sacrifice Goat and fast for a week Housemates in a religious version of Big Brother in Holland Will set aside tassets and sacrificing a goat And fasting for a week The program provisionally titled the ambie Will bring 12 people of different religions together in an old abbey for 13 weeks And by the way before I go out with this story That guy and the other one before also The reason he's not listening to the art as And not listening to Bill O'Reilly And not listening to G Gordon Litty Is because of the fact he couldn't turn his shirt off if you paid him He's obsessed with his program And if you think they give me a by sucking up to me Whoa, I've listened to you for years and everything like your butt But to bad I'm not saying what you want me to say I'm saying they pay me to say what I want to say What I think That's what you think That's another reason why the colors suck okay Produces told De Morgan the program is intended to highlight the need for more Dimortion. I'm sorry for more dialogue between different religions And they hope it will also encourage people to be more spiritual And see could be permitting to their lives Touch station NCRV hopes it'll be screen next year There'll be a weekly program showing highlights from the Abbey plus brief daily updates Estosman said the participants will not be filmed for 24 hours a day They'll get some privacy for the laughter performance some task as the ritual killing of a goat and fasting for a week for a week For a week Woo Man Of course, you know how and that's easy because the food so bad anyway Also I've heard all I'd buy the way I'm coming back on air candid to the Abbey and evidently in the magazine they got you know early year I'm so happy magazine They're doing a series of comparisons between each issue two cities two major cities around the world And this one was Montreal against Amsterdam And so far all the cities they've rated France Paris was number one which show And then Amsterdam was just behind New York was way behind that And then Montreal was way way behind But the one thing I wasn't aware of is the fact are you where the French fries Our double deep fried Where? They're Holland Hmm, do you want to tell a rave about? They're duh Oh, that's the biggest thing going over there That's because the rest of the food sucks so bad But they're double deep fried What you can say is Did I tell you about the thing that Rimmer got that day a fries on the dam rack? It was enough to feed the Chinese army And I think he finished it No man And you can put whatever you like on that They got a whole bunch of different toppings that you can put on They got like the brown sauce and the mayonnaise and the Different stuff Curry Kid curry Saw, kid curry before by the way He's glad to have me back I guess because he liked the cigar smoke And that's right A couple of minutes about that by the way How big are your porn? A couple people Messing to send one Said what a wonderful aroma they walked past the door Well, here's another one for you It's good thing they didn't come in here right now Because, well, you know I had had that A little bit of a that onless this morning was very good From balance for life that mushroom on live But all those eggforts man He's he thought I was joking I told him before and he was in here But I get out of here quickly Because I just fart real bad And since you left believe me there've been more on the way Just deposit it right in the seat of my head Flip this wig from that Using it as a face mask You know something that's right If we ever have a chemical or biological attack Vodka Brian will be safe if he's walking around with that piece It levels of face mask Nothing Nothing gets you that baby I'll tell you that Woo 405 votes on our pool The tone of Neil Show is it makes no difference to me Where he'd be doing a show 173 said that 43 percent The tone sucks We might the callers back 162 40 percent Uh, it's best for Miami 40 Vest from Toronto 22 Invest from Amish that on six with those double deep pride fries You know my name, Lord This is one of which we do by 162 You, yeah Why the you best in Oh, that has really pleased go away Find it the way to attack the big o-ho And eat your ho-hoes Until you explode Cause like your fat fat chute in ladies Have to bite your sheets on a plane Spilling your fingers that have yellow stain From Cheetos into your toes After your piggy poo knows I have to be fat disgusting and pasty Oh, oh, oh You make the truth It makes my heart They like the cows And it's nasty Things smelly, bad story Pulse of the mouth Your body cheese melts like a grandmother Appear it with our cute pie pie head As their need of shoes You get into your car Touch your tune that in Why I can squeal Oh, and can squeal Oh, and can squeal Fat lady You live in with your numberless beans Slyver in and start from the tree Between her and her There's material yeast It's most fishy to me That is a virtue that's most entertaining Hey Hey Now what did you tell me? I wasn't following that And I was trying to go fast because the bit was ending Who was doing this? Howard? Mo? Yeah Kruys and he said shut the F up during a dolphin banquet Or something like that Whatever was the playboy party Well, that's very unprofessional of you, S. Me Almost as unprofessional as that little fat turret That baller crap The beast Don't ever let him on a girl that go whatever your name is What was it, culture? Something like that Here's an article, kind of cute if we have time I hope Frank Serabino and the uponbeats post I can barely understand new to the laws he says I'm a student of new to the laws which never failed to be entertaining In vocabulary building We've been lucky here in Palm Beach County Between some gems The town of Palm Beach fought in vain for 70 years to keep an ordinance That prohibited men from jogging topless And illegal case of where topless Don't much often waste Palm Beach remember that? Live this kind of groundbreaking discussions of the donor Does entertainment? New to the laws are wonderfully verbose You might even say discerningly, turgid with words Palm Beach County's ordinance defines the limits of breast exposure In a sentence that carries on for a Diseng 79 words But I got ahead to today, Ton of Beach, which is just past a city New to the ordinance that says Fractional standards Daytona's law will require women to cover at least one quarter of their breast And everyone to cover at least one third of their rear ends while in public Daytona frequent destination for bikers, college kids and other health raises But again, finding public flashes as much as 500 bucks the law goes into effect next week Just in time for the rowdy, biketoberfest This will obviously put a damper on the annual bike tradition of nude wrestling in Nevada Coleslaw When nude Coleslaw wrestling is out loud, only outlaws will wrestle nude in Coleslaw They turn a new journal calm as Mark Lane told me, lamenting the turn of events in his city But I was more intrigued by the fractional definitions of nudity You see the only certain thing about nudity laws is the creative ways people find a circumventant For example, when some of the county passed an anti-nudity club three years ago, local strip club got about it by performing Shakespeare's MacBeth in the nude They're by using a first amendment exemption for nudity that occurs about performing a work of art So I began wondering how these nude fractions in Daytona might play out Let's say you cover half a one breast, a quarter more than required, does this mean you get to leave the other one beer In other words, will nudity be transferable like unused cell phone minutes can be other some calling plans I got a copy of the ordinance which was specific to the point of being undescivable Botox means the area at the rear of the body which lies between two imaginary lines running parallel to the ground when a person is standing We're just getting started the first or top such line drawn at the top of the cleavage of the nates and the second or bottom line Draw on at the lowest visible point of this cleavage or lowest point of the curvature the fleshy protuberance Whichever is lower in between two imaginary lines on each side of the body which lines are perpendicular to the ground And to the horizontal lines described above in which perpendicular lines are drawn through the point at which each night meets the other side of the leg He's not that's the end literally now as long as you can figure that out how to cover a third of that you'll be fine in Daytona he writes in the days Palm Beach post Mad dogs coming along. Next fully closed. Thank goodness, and then we got Hank in any case. Thank God covered up Ampli and called to the Safnoons rear clock, and then we got all that football crap coming up Bye bye It just feel like a prick