Then if guys It's BRO! Happy BRO! Day 2 You Happy Day 2 You Happy BRO! Day You Good You Good Happy BRO! Day 2 You I've never known who will call Tony Bruno on 940 Fox Sports Radio Our David, Voice of the Miami Dolls How about anyone? And you don't need to change the game But I will buy listen to you guys every day You guys are doing a hell of a job It's fun to listen to and all Brian I mean the whole thing you guys are doing there is great What? Did I hear that right back up the team? Listen to you guys every day You guys are doing a hell of a job It's fun to listen to and all Brian I mean the whole thing you guys are doing there is great Wow, even Mohour David Listen to Tony Bruno On 940 Fox Sports Radio Exactly You never know who will call Tony Bruno on 940 Fox Sports Radio Our David On 940 Fox Sports Radio On 940 Fox Sports Radio On 940 Fox Sports Radio On 940 Fox Sports Radio On 940 Fox Sports Radio On 940 Fox Sports Radio On 940 Fox Sports Radio On 940 Fox Sports Radio On 940 Fox Sports Radio On 940 Fox Sports Radio On 940 Fox Sports Radio On 940 Fox Sports Radio On 940 Fox Sports Radio On 940 Fox Sports Radio On 940 Fox Sports Radio On 940 Fox Sports Radio On 940 Fox Sports Radio On 940 Fox Sports Radio On 940 Fox Sports Radio On 940 Fox Sports Radio On 940 Fox Sports Radio On 940 Fox Sports Radio On 940 Fox Sports Radio On 940 Fox?... On 840 Fox Sports Radio On 940 Fox Sports Radio John. Who? What is that? It's a pink boy. Let that guy who played the father, when he was stupid, everybody hates so stupid. It's not our fair. Okay, okay. Besides, if you were cool as for yesterday's meeting, I made my own open. Now play it. Yeah, but it's easy to... You will obey me. I said play it. Hello again. From every die, I am the mayor of one in dry. And if you fail, who? Is my proud eye? I can see a me for that you will die. You never know who will call Tony Bruno on 940 Fox Sports Radio. How was David? Boy, so, my ambea. I'm not saying what, and you don't need to change this vlog, but I will... But look what you guys are doing there today. You guys are doing a hell of a job. It's fun to listen to and all Brian. I mean, the whole thing you guys are doing there is great. What? Did I hear that right? That's up to date. I look what you guys are doing everyday. You guys are doing a hell of a job. It's fun to listen to and all Brian. I mean, the whole thing you guys are doing there is great. Wow, even Mohour David listens to Tony Bruno on 940 Fox Sports Radio. Exactly. Evidently. 940560WQM, happy birthday to me. George got me as usual. Another great gift. This one I'm an actual use. What? Well, I mean, like that great exercise bucket got me feel like. Oh, that's nice thing. I'm going to use it. A digital still camera. I'm thinking I can like hover in the window and you're taking pictures of most pieces moving around. Wouldn't that be great? Can you see me standing in the window with that little thing? And the camera too. Anyway, quite a countertimes around here. I guess after I have no idea how we got that Fox Sports promo, but somewhere it like sneak right under the door, which seems to happen a lot on the show. Thanks to Randy Maltosh, my good friends at the ticket defense team. Beautiful, beautiful thing. A floral, whatever, what is this about a plant? It's plant. But not just a plant. A beautiful plant. Huh? Three times a plant. In a big basket. Not now. Two, three different kinds of flowers. And anyway, thanks Randy. Great guy. Alright, thanks to my good buddy Wayne Arnold at Arnold Rural Castle. 125th in Northwest 7th Avenue. See, there's the free plugway near the best. And Hudson 2. And thanks to Diane and Boeton Beach, who sends me a very provocative, almost ex-rated birthday card. A little disappointing though when you open up on the inside. Ha ha ha ha. Oh, at any rate. Who's this from? Oh, and a nice car look at us from Don Bailey, Jr. There's a good guy. We got a few good people around here. It's a matter of fact yesterday. I get off the air one o'clock and who's standing in the doorway there with Ken Maldon, but my good friend Joseph Gackie. And we had a nice handshake and a good chat for two or three minutes. We bonded. See, because I tried to explain to the audience for a long time, would Joe and me. It's business. It's not personal. I know Joe for years. Joe is a good guy. We liked Joe. We have no problem. Joseph Gackie. Other than he's boring. But that, you know, he's that's business. On a personal level he's a good guy. And he gets it. He gets it. He don't take it personal. He gets it. Unlike some people who take it personal because they're two up tight. You never know who will call Tony Bruno on 940 Fox Sports Radio. How are you, David? Voice of the Miami Dolls. I'm not sure you want it. And you don't need to change this plug, but I look to you guys every day. You guys are doing a hell of a job. It's fun to listen to and all Brian. I mean, the whole thing you guys are doing. It's great. What? Did I hear that right? I got this hit. Well, listen to you guys every day. You guys are doing a hell of a job. It's fun to listen to and all Brian. I mean, the whole thing you guys are doing is great. Wow, even Mohour David listens to Tony Bruno on 940 Fox Sports Radio. Exactly. Oh, no. 960 is a card. Nice card from Phil who's family lives in Amsterdam. Time to get that monkey off your back by the way. Fill people are talking. Are they trained monkey? Don Bailey Juni who's this. A Wayne Arnold and a couple of other runouts. That's about it. They don't want to overdo it. And at this advanced stage of my life, who the hell wants to see it? Thanks from John and Portie. Lusley, by the way. Here's a picture of some of our trailer trash folks in Florida. But the big science has teach our children reading writing and arithmetic. Not whatever else it was going to say. I'm sure. I'll be saying other Florida Greg. Or if the tech. Yeah. Another product of the great Florida education system. Anybody's having any problem voting today. The way it's only going to be 2, 3, 4 hours, 5 hours. 6 hours. Just take the day off. Especially in Howard County where they have 2,000 less. Those voting machines that end Dave, even though Brown's got the most number of voters. If you recall back on September 10 in the primary. We're always making fun of the Yahoo's in Tampa and Saint Pete. All those people on the West Coast. Fact of the matter is that even in those very heavily populated counties like Hillsborough and Penny is County. That they have no problem. By like 10 30 11 o'clock on September 10th on election night of the primary, they all their votes were tallied. It was a done deal. I was the end of that. And down here the same old tired cram. I don't want to at the risk of Saudi racist again. If myrium elephant were white to think she'd still be working all the way. I say this is all fair. It is David Leahy last time I saw him. He was still white and he's still got that job. And there's something very, very wrong with all of that. As a matter of fact, Bill Humper from CNN is down here, Miami. On election day, why do you think that is? And he just had our good friend Ed and we can't it on there. Talking about the BFD. Us being the laughing stock of the universe. The only thing you don't understand, Bill is we don't care. We're used to it. We're consistent. We may not be good. The least we're consistent. We're consistently incompetent inept. 149 votes on a poorly yesterday. Here's a note from Lori. A happy birthday note. Also went out and voted for Bill. Listen, in sunrise went out and voted for Bill McBride. No matter what they say, what he's polls and javasy points ahead and this one is so many points. Just go out there and take four or five dark folks with you. Okay, make sure they get to the polls and vote. And you will monitor the situation. Make sure that they all get to vote. And don't get asked for like 85 pieces of ID. 149 votes. How do you feel about the election? It's very important 374. I'm voting but not excited 295. It's life in death 148. I'm not voting. Why bother 143? That's the worry. 89. 8. And I have kind of like Mr. motions about the whole thing. You know what? I don't want to say it's a lost cause, but you know what? But you don't live here anymore. It's a lost cause. That's one good thing there. I just kind of like have a legal residence, but generally speaking, I stay away from here as much as humanly. Possible. I think it's good to be asked me. Yes. Anyway, here's today's poll. In the wake of that grotesque, unbelieveable. Perhaps even unprecedented thing we just played about 20 times already. And you're going to hear a lot more today in case you missed it. Call all your friends. A promo that they're actually playing on one of the lowest rated sports stations in the history of mankind. Next to the fan, dear leader part. And that's Fox Sports, slash sports. And come to find out that it was an unsolicited call at Mohour David called into the laughing Hyenatoni Bruno show, unsolicited to consult with the enemy. I wonder if you think that their pan on his a payroll? No, they're not on their payroll yet. Maybe he ought to be. Maybe they'd like to have him over there as the mayor of the morning in that paradise. I think I'd be a great idea. What do you think, Geldy? Eh. What do you think? Now we can find some of you get Carolyn back into Geldy. Get that pompous ass out of there in the morning. At least Geldy mentioned my name to the inaugurantee if he didn't have the shadow of the pompous one hanging over Mullos threats. He might even not have to make any difference whether they mentioned our name or not. Just the way it's done. Just the way it's done. You know, call up the competing radio station and say, Oh, you guys are doing a great job. I listen every day, but about to see the thing with Joey and me on Zeta. That was a regular thing we had gone with all the other FM stations. I mean, that was just comedy. But this guy's actually concerning with the enemy. Of course, going out of his way to do while I'm on the ears. Oh, see how show you. I'll show you. Yeah. You showed me all right. Now see, look in peace. Bring in the good one tomorrow. 11 pet. Does he have a good one? 11 after nine at five, 60 WQ. Here's the poll. Watch of the punishment be for more Howard David sucking up to the enemy. Fox Sports Monday. That's the poll. Here's your seven choices. One, two, three, four, five, seven choices. Fire is old ass. Still has two pays. He gets raped by the whole staff. He gets raped. Wait, wait, hold staff for which station. Oh, both. He gets raped by freaky Carlos. No penalty. He gets a gold star in a purple jelly bean. And I know that he will remember that unless they remember the old Jerry Witch New Show with a gold star in a purple jelly bean. Old Farts like me. A banish him from paradise. Or who's more Howard David? Those are you seven choices on today's award-winning pool on the arages.com. Here's something that's award-winning. Old Eomads start poppin' it in your pool. It'll make you feel better. It'll make you healthier. I guarantee that. Because Oliomads are scientifically developed, Mediterranean formulas. Advanced combinations of pharmaceutical grade, olive oil combined with good stuff. Vitamins and minerals, urbles. All kinds of other nutrients are in their scientifically designed to provide natural nutrition solutions for different parts of your health. For example, Oliomads got three Brad New Formos. One to help you sleep. One to help you control your weight. And co-q 10 for your heart. All using the benefits of the purest olive oil. You'll be fine in anywhere. Oliomads are great in exciting new product, which you can pick up at publics, echrets and Walgreens. How about those dolphins? How about that re-lookers? Oh! For more information call Oliomad toll-free at 1-866-Oliomad. That's 1-866-6536-3633. You can also order their products online if you like it. Oliomad America.com. And if you're visiting nearest publics in vinyl, you might probably have browner day. You can get you a coupon for a free Larry Coke or Babelhead doll while supplies last. Don't wait too long on Aunt Baby. Because those might be worth something someday. You think? Don't forget to visit their sampling-provided at its fourth center. Every Sunday when the dolphins are playing home games and pick up some free Oliomad samples and product information. For your health, for your body, for your father. Get some Oliomads to start poppin' it in your post today. Oliomads and Walgreens. Oliomads and Walgreens. This is sports-winning Ophysic. You way, yeah. Farnished with the sewer of his place. To put back in the day when someone done a strong, we didn't take their grab. In Pearl Harbor, when the jobs dropped their bombs, we bomb them back. And now the Saudis, they hit us hard. And on our cars, our little flags wave. As that sawing loving, retired points of bombers the wrong way. And oven barrels to be in America. Where they find the whole sightseeing. They unite in states of our guns. And by bushhead family, we'll make our best country. Up, avalanche, the darkest days, and our history. Hills and people. I don't want to re-opax America. In the goddamn USA. What's a few thousand innocent lives? Stop living in the past. If you want that as you feed to drive, you're going to need more gas. If the greatest country in the world, they train us to believe. And anyone who says that, obviously, and afford to be. And that embarrass you be in America. Where we paid three of our dignity. We the flag and would have, with our hand in the sand. And blindly follow the powers that we have, but that take. Up, rushing states from you who's on a six knee-five in screen. Scratch your balls and find everything's okay. In the goddamn USA. You never know who will call Tony Bruno on 940 Fox Sports Radio. Our David, voices of the Miami Dolls. I'm not sure you want it. And you don't need to change this club. But I look at you guys every day. You guys are doing a hell of a job. It's fun to listen to and all Brian. I mean, the whole thing you guys are doing is great. What? Did I hear that right? I got some tips. I look at you guys every day. You guys are doing a hell of a job. It's fun to listen to and all Brian. I mean, the whole thing you guys are doing is great. Wow, even Mohour David listens to Tony Bruno on 940 Fox Sports Radio. Take Jack. On by the way, the H2 over there at 2mo. I don't want you to feel bad, but the H2 cuts over there too. 918 at 560 WQIM. I've been scandalous episode yesterday. One of the worst in the history of broadcasting. I would think. Not that anybody around here cares. They'll give him like a dirty look and say straight in your two payout. Mohour, it'll be about it. They're scared of this old man. 9 votes on there already. We just, uh, they're just put it up. Stuck it right up there. Watch it. A punishment be for Mohour David sucking up to the enemy Fox Sports Monday. Who's Mohour David for? Haha. That always seems to went out. You know, Mohour David. Fire is old ass three. Steel is two pays one and banish him from Paradise one. The other ones I have any votes yet, but they will. Trust me, they will. So anybody vote yet? Only gonna take you like four or five, six hours in a row. Don't let, don't be deterred by that. Because that's what the whole idea is. Because Broward, of course, being the most liberal and the most heavily democratic state the most populous as well. That's the game plan. That's probably why we have two thousand less voting machines in Broward to keep as many people from voting as possible. These are the same people who wanted to bring this kinder, jetler, fashion's in back to America. And I think they succeeded. It's not important that you get to vote unless, of course, you're a very light complexity. That's the important part. Did you see George P. up there on stage introducing daddy, uh, brother? No, he was like, guy, fitting around like a droidling heap. Another donkey face. If you notice what a, uh, kind of, the governor is kind of like a chopped up a little bit. Yeah. Said it. Yeah. They ought to call him chub or shrub. In fact, when the two of them were together on stage, it could have introduced them as chub and shrub. What have been good. But he's, I don't know what that's all about. Well, he's got a lot of stress. You know, he's got that one daughter that's got the little, little bit of a nose problem or something. Uh, uh, how about a pack and it seems that that family and then two sons just are like over a height and sex crazed and whatever else. And then the wife, she's got this habit of smuggling stuff in, but other than that, it's a good, the board of game Christian family. If you ask me, five six, a bigger part of some of the mercathletes. Well, that's right. I'm sure I keep forgetting about what he, we didn't he used to be born again, till he rubbed off on him. Now he's now he's wearing that cross. In fact, George has got his own just for the election that we got our own everything. I'm gonna, I'm Frank, where's my old yarmacos do we have any of those? Oh, this is the pile of those right over there with the color on. Oh, this is the one with a bineal with the prop with a propeller on it. Or why do we have Greg? Did you see the story about the Greg on the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, what the grandfather of us of spring break, what else is named Greg something? He's dying of liver cancer. That's so sad. It is. Have you ever seen him? He was he, have never seen him? He wears the a bineal with a propeller on a hat and all kinds of stuff. So I got my skull cap, my yarmacos, my schmata on ahead with the propeller no less. And George has got the rosary, the, the propeller put a pair of, a set on of beads. Yeah. Can't hurt put on a set of beads. Let's pray today for the same goodbye to the jib, myster. I don't think we got a prayer, but let's give it a shot anyway. Okay. All new dark folks out there don't forget vote four or five, six, seven times at least. WQIM. Hello. Yes, sir. First of all, happy birthday from Madison Wisconsin. Thank you so much. I was at the game last night and you should have saw most, straightened around on the field before the game. Really? You just thought he owned that place. Yeah. I couldn't get close enough, but I could tell we was by the road kill on his head. By the aroma probably. Yeah. One thing you, uh, up here in Wisconsin, I don't know if you know, we had more doing the buck's game for a while here. You have a few years. Why didn't know that? So yeah, we already know all about more. Mm-hmm. And one of the things, uh, he was in WPMJ a few weeks ago, you mentioned Earl Glesby in WPMJ in the game. Right. Right. And you wanted to know who his partner was? Yes. Blaine Walsh. Oh, yeah. Well, that's so long ago. Yeah. So anyways, happy birthday and more. He was strutting it up your last night. Well, I shot last night. Of course, it could have been really, I should have been about 48 to nothing, but nevertheless, I guess they took kindly to the poor dolphins, or my happy birthday. Ray Lucas isn't going to be the answer. Maybe for Piper High School, you might be okay. Have a great day, pal. You bet, bye. Hey, vote early in often in Wisconsin, whatever they're voting for up there, not too much I guess. See, this thing, this is not shaped well. See, after word over the front. I see. That's the most way. Who do you two would want to say? Well, I'll find another one. This one doesn't, uh, doesn't get the journal. Then do justice. How about if you were like kind of like, there you go. With, with a tilt on it. Who do you QAM? I know. Happy birthday. Thanks. Going to report on my voting experience. Excellent. That's what we want to hear all day today. I live in North Miami, and where I went to vote, it's pretty quiet laid back. No, no really. Problems, yeah. I live on the right side of the track, because you're heading towards the pay harbor. So it's not so dark in the park and North Miami that I live in. Really? However, the only thing, it was pretty easy with the electronic voting apparatus. The only difficult part was there is a amendment having something to do with like the death penalty, rewarding the, uh, the 549 ward. I might have saying went from the top of the screen all the way. Right. I need it like five attorneys to my left. Holding a straight like this, would they put a 50,000 ward amendment on a ballot with everything else? And I mean, I couldn't concentrate on a, uh, just understanding if everybody's talking on me. See, I think what a lot of people, well, I mean, I can't tell people what to do, but it would seem to me one of the logical things if you find something that's so long and confusing. Just skip it. You don't have to vote on everything that's on or just skip it. Yeah, that's what there was other that and other parts. I just left blank and skipped it. Right. I don't want to deal with it. When and out, leave it out. But it did vote, uh, for McBride, for governor. I wish I could vote when. Right. 50 more times. Yeah. And that'd be great for if they present for you. If Jeff was gone tomorrow. Oh, the best. You can only hope and pray. Um, uh, two things. One, um, and I've heard other people call about this. I'm still waiting for my CD, which I ordered a month ago. I hoping to, uh, to have it before I'm open up to get social security. If there's any light. Maybe. I wouldn't bet on it, but maybe. And the other thing is, if you want to take a break from election coverage, there's a new small girl tonight. What the, is it? It's Tuesday. Oh, it's Tuesday. That's right. Sam confused that. No, it might get to be your 60th birthday. You don't tell you. It was track of everything. That's very, a very frightening thing. Some lady shows up claiming to be Tom. Yeah, I saw the, I saw the previous of that. The tonight figures to be one of the best ones of all. Great. So I'm definitely going to be two minutes. Thanks for your reminder. Have a good day. You too. Yeah, see, I'm, I'm slipping. That's two out of three weeks. I nearly forgot. That would have been bad. Cause tonight's going to be heavy duty. Yeah, for my birthday, Clark's going to give me a big surprise of what I'm hearing. Here's the fact this is happy birthday, Nile. My brother and I enjoy your show. My brother, who's your, my name was Paul. Is it? Ha ha ha ha ha. Is it you, M on a graduate? I, Doctor, loves your show. But disagrees with your opinion on you, M. All right, guys. F***ing blow. He says your full of it when it comes to you. I'm that it's a great school and you're bitter that you have never renewed your contract for sports when you had broadcasting. Is there any truth to this story? No, I never had any contract with you, M. Did you broadcasting? I worked for WNWS and we had a contract to do hurricane baseball and other sports. And then, uh, well, they went to GBS. They went over to GBS. I'd gotten into with me. It was that, uh, it looked like, uh, GBS was going to do all sorts of things. So GBS made them a big song and then it's about to win football. And so they got the other sports to. And that didn't last very long cause GBS didn't last very long. Well, sorry, Ken. I mean, I'm bitter. It's kind of the new with bitter. It's got to do with the fact that it's just a blue nose place with a bunch of, uh, uh, uh, brother. Blue nose assholes who run that joint. In addition to which the people who support it, it just, it's like everything else in his town. How could you possibly be a sports fan of any team in this town? That's one of the reasons I despise the dolphins with a passion. I'm going to track with a little Simon Casting action last night with my friend Derek. And, you know, I've got a chance to flip over, often enough to see the dolphins just stick in the joint out and got home in time to see all of the third and fourth quarter. And I'm going to tell you, I was squeezed myself. I was sort of said and watching, well, what did I tell you? And then the listen to Mo and other people on the way home from the track. I'm hearing him defending Re Lucas. And well, he's not all his fault. Wasn't all his fault. And sure once in a while, he throws a bullet pass makes a completion. But more often, not only plays like I like a, a panicky. That's just the same lock kid, a panicky sand lock kid. tragic. awful. Grow test embarrassing. But nevertheless, should have been about 40 years. It's very hard because the people are a so full of crap when it comes to sports like just about everything else front running phones. And they don't appreciate it. Good performance by anybody, whether it was Danny Boy, whether it was Jay Feele or oh, hey, Jay, stop. We want Ray Lucas. Yeah, you want, you want to know, Jay Feele? No, they want Jay back so bad they can taste it. They're willing to buy his halvaya and masa for him. Okay. They pray. They're praying that thumb heals up real fast. So as while we're praying for a building bride, let's also say a prayer for a Jay Feele for the poor dolphin fans were so under the gun today. So to speak, 927 at 560 WQM. We got the mad dog in one. He ain't going to be in a very good mood. I'll tell you that after that trip last night with the cheese heads up there. The hopper will be on with Patrick Sir Tan between three and six 30 Patrick 5 to six, six 30 and eight 30. It's her who in hotline and David Buster's and don't forget. All right, guys. In blow. Eight 30, the big. Oh, till 10, any K from G A 10 and join Mark the overnight guys overnight. That's it. I share Geldie actually mentioned my name this morning. Not in a good lighter way, but at least he mentioned it. And once Mow gets banned from paradise, my change a little bit. Let me tell you something that has changed and that's the way you buy a new mattress. In the old days, there was no other way to do it than hop into car. I run around town, waste a lot of gas and especially when it's 100 degrees in the shade, which it still is. It's November. Hey, it's November. Almost every day, we're setting new high temperatures. When I came back from up north, it was like, oh boy, you're going to love it. It's going to be nice and cool and like spring and fall and half a one day. Yeah. It blows anyway. Vyne and mattress the old way blows too, because it's just pointless. You're not going to get a good deal. You're going to spend a lot of extra money and waste a lot of time and get aggravated. Do the easy thing. Pick up the phone and call dial a mattress like I always do like the lovely Miguel did. 1,800 mattress you call and they give you phenomenal choice. The best mattresses in the world they got them all. Sort of silly Simmons Kingcore, all the top brand names and unbeatable everyday low prices. The delivery deal is unprecedented in the history of the universe. They delivered you whenever you want. Any to our window any day, seven days a week from 1 to 3, 2 to 4, 3 to 5, etc. And of course they give you that 30 day home cover guarantee to check out the mattress the right way by sleeping on it, by laying your big fat ass on it and doing your thing on it, making sure it's the right mattress for you. So get you a great new mattress. The easy way. Don't do it with the old fashioned way because that's out like high button shoes called dial a mattress at 1,800 mattress 1,800 mATT RES or check them out in the web at mattress.com. And don't forget. I think blow. My and local we are sports radio 560s, you a, you a, yeah. Get in pounds. Handsome, 1997. Handsome, 1998. The, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, The, the, The, The, the, the, the, the, I'm getting pound fire is old asked 25, stealers to pay his 14. Let's see. And again, he gets rated by the whole staff 10. Then, vanishing from Paradise 4 he gets raped by Freaky Carlos 3 and openly gets a gold star in a purple jelly bean. 1. Ah, poor Jerry Witzner, Freaky just infos matter fact that Jerry Witzler around the computer are two pays. See Jerry is much more creative he didn't have to have a whole bunch of him for different days. He just had one comedian one. They used to change colors depending on his mood, depending on how tough the ride was down the Ho Chi Minh Trail. Worsh calls critical of McBride. In the Palm Beach post just a day before the election. Meaning yesterday. Governor Jeff Bush thou have the company tied to the Christian coalition for making telephone calls claiming Challenger Bill McBride doesn't support traditional families. Atlanta based on by the way speaking of the Hurricanes, are we getting screwed? Don't you think there's a conspiracy in the BCS pool now that we're down at number 3? And also by the way, now that the Hurricanes had such a tough game against the little girls team Saturday. And the dolphins. Ehh! I've got embarrassed last night. Aren't we cursed to live here? See a couple of weeks ago we were blessed to live here and now we realize that's especially on election day. It's going to be a mess. We are cursed to be here. Oh, there's that Silly S Dave Barry on CNN. One of the Silly is got never said a funny thing in his life. And yeah exactly. That was the fact that's a funny thing. He ever said right there. You know what sounded a little bit like? A little like that. Let's make him a motorgather. Anyway Atlanta based century strategies began sending out the automated messages Saturday to 50,000 religiously conservative Floridians claiming the message was paid for by the Bush campaign. And maybe if the Hurricanes had played like I'll hell of a lot more games against real teams instead of like 90% against big East and little girls teams like Florida A&M. Maybe they might get a little more recognition. Okay, so quit your whining. We're getting screwed. It's a conspiracy. But you're whiners. But Bush said he heard the calls only yesterday after McBride raised a ruckus over the issue of not supporting marriage. I didn't know about the calls. I don't support them at all. I said take him out as quick as you can Bush said. Sure. I don't think it's true that there's only one candidate who supports the traditional family. That's outrageous. Mr. McBride does as well he said. The phone message, wait till he who made the message. The phone message which correctly states that McBride supports the right to abortion and Bush doesn't was recorded by century strategies found or Ralph Reed. That little twerp. The former president of the National Christian Coalition. McBride said the calls were the kind of unacceptable tactics that his campaign is avoided. I'm proud of the way we've campaigned. This is the kind of stuff that shouldn't be tolerated. The leaders involved with his campaign were less kind. It just shows how low they'll go to when the election said Bob Poe afforded them a credit party chairman. Their ruthless in their pursuit of power and Bob you are. That's so ridiculous. The phone calls and Miller coincide with the heightened religious tone to Bush's campaign. For the past who's Sunday's Bush's campaign and predominantly white Baptist churches. It predominantly white Baptist churches where he's expressed his unflagging support of protecting innocent life and traditional families. It's the fetus huggers. The good old boys against everybody else especially you darkies. Another minor is except our Cuban friends. That's what it's all about. There's the lovely Tommy with an even not nice. He's wearing a hat too. That won't get the job done. Not that rain catcher. Tommy's wearing a rain catcher. Bush reached out to Christian Conservatives in his first election which he nearly lost a given a lot in charge of 94. Bush moderated his tone in 98 when he won. But now it's gloves off, baby. Now he's a good far-bissel and a right-winged boy and they like it. I just don't get it. I mean, can the majority of people in the state be of that ilk? I see. That's right. I forgot where it was. That's right. Oh bad news. By the way, got some very bad news. Always some sad news. King of Skiffle. Lonnie Donagon dies at 71. He died? Yeah. King of Skiffle. Lonnie Donagon. Once a big influence on the Beatles has died at the age of 71 after collapsing on tours. Publices say yesterday. Donagon changed the face of British popular music launching a Skiffle boom. Did you ever hear that? No. Neither are I. The Skiffle boom of the 50s with hits that range from rock island line through Kumbelen Gap to the, of course, the most favorite. And best is. Does your chewing gum lose its flavor on a bedpost overnight? No. That's a Skiffle. The singer would suffer several heart attacks on his campaigning of back trouble by its Sunday with his third wife Sharon and son Peter at his side in the central English town of Peterborough. He was halfway through a British tour now already been forced to cancel two shows because of ill health. Donagon was held as the voice of Skiffle, a gritty blend of folk jazz gospel and blues, the Beatles acknowledges a major influence. Eric Clapton had invited Donagon to perform an attribute constantly to this month for former Beatles George Harrison. John Lennon was playing the Skiffle band, a quarryman when he first met Paul McCartney. Richard, no that. Nope. Well now you learn something already. Not even 10 o'clock in your own or whole bunch of stuff. Like that Ralph Reed is the right wing. Oh, we already knew that asshole. We knew that. And at Moe, how are David is conserting with the enemy? I think that, you know, then probably going to try to like cover that up again. Just like his comment about the bullets through the head. All the other grotesque unacceptable things he's done here. I know all the things. Small potatoes. I mean, this guy is like, uh, out of control, unbelievable. Oh, look at this, bushes refer madness. This is good. We have to read this. It only goes on about 7,000 pages. Thanks, Gary. How long is this damn thing? Oh my god. Like I said, it only goes on about 7 pages, not 1,000, but 7 pages. 2 long. Thanks anyway, Gary, maybe we'll get to it and maybe not. WDQAM. Hello. Gone? Oh, brother, why probably went to vote again. WQAM? Hi, now. Yes, sir. Happy to you. Thanks. I voted this morning. Yeah. And I wanted to make sure that everybody makes sure that they check the vote after they register the mall and they have the page that reviews it. I voted for McBride. I knew all my things. I studied them before I went. I voted. I got them 7 wrong, including the governor's race. Bush showed up as governor no matter how I voted. And let me tell you, it happened to somebody else in the same polling place and my next or neighbor said it happened to her yesterday. And Bush showed up no matter how you voted. Welcome back to Bush. The second time I voted, I brought it back to the page and I called the guy over. I said, this machine's not working right. And I went and voted for McBride again. I brought up the first page. It was empty. It was blank. I had to do it three times. Then the guy shut down that he said, well, we have to. Yeah. He says we have to reprogram this machine. Yeah. I said reprogram it. What are you kidding? I mean. And like I said, it was happening to somebody else in the same poll. I heard them talking about it on the other side. See, that's why that's why over the weekend they up because they fixed it in bigger than it was before. So they up to poll margin. So it doesn't look too suspicious when he winds up wind up by 15 points. Well, it's very depressing. I'm very upset and I'm very upset and I'm so sick of religion. I could puke. But in any case, I want everybody to make sure they please pull up. If you don't have to go through anything else, you don't want to. Just make sure you check to make sure the right governor is going to be elected. Unbelievable. Anyplace else but here very depressing. Hi, everybody. Thanks for the good effort. I have a happy thing. He's not that old male. Yeah, especially here. See you. Let me tell you right now, this election is fixed. Okay, this election is fixed. There's no question about it. It's just like every election in Florida. And this isn't something brand new. This isn't just the Bush people. This goes all the way back to the Metrofield. Speaking of my friend Richard Friedman to cover that boring call yesterday. The Metrofield back in what year was that? That was a long time ago. Only one, two, sort of that. Whatever it was. Yeah, it was during Reagan. So it was in the early 80s. The Metrofield election. Totally. Totally bogus. Totally fixed. All night long. And that was one of those elections where they tried to rig it because if you were in favor of it, but no, if you were against it, vote yes. The same old twisted crap like they did on the Mickeyerson arena. Confused the voters. Grom all up. And all night long, you're watching the returns on there with Ralph Redneck. And it's losing. It's losing. It's losing. People don't want to go to Metro. They'll want to spend billions of dollars for a third for a train of course to know where. I mean, it's great for the people at short. He's nuts about it, you know. And the people down town all 100 of them who worked down town. And then all of a sudden late at night. Well, the votes just came in from homestead and it's passed. Can't you just imagine all those people are homestead. Relentions that have a Metrofield system built that ends like on Dixie Highway and where but it has a lot is. Sure. I did land. Then they can take it down town. But they can't take it to downtown. It's not anywhere. It's not nowhere near them. Unless they moved to Hailea. Well. 942 and other fixed election in Florida. All you people from CNN, you better strap yourself in. Maybe because it's going to be another long night, not just around the rest of the country. But especially here because the fix is in. Make no mistake about it. In fact, this probably be the last election we ever had. I think after the big Republican sweep this time today, which probably will be. That'll be it. We just won't bother with elections anymore. They'll say it's too difficult. We can't get the technology right. So we aren't going to have anymore. Yeah. Just like our friends, the Saudis, did they have any elections? Yeah. So let's be a lot more like them. We'll have more oil that way. Let's face it. You've been here about fast trains for a long time. I wondered if it makes sense for you. The facts are simple. Like so many of you people out there. Simple. If you have the dedication fast train will provide you with an SSR train to become a certified computer professional. According to time magazine, prestigious time magazine, that a man for computer professionals is exploding. It's getting bigger every day in the demand too. The rabbit student completes the training in just four short months. Attaining school late three nights a week. Once you complete your certification fast train, help you are getting a great new computer job and making a big fat paycheck every payday. Fast train invites you to come and visit their train career counselor and determine which track is ideal for you. Maybe it's northfield downs. Maybe it's hazel park. Maybe it's Sagina harness raceway or Batavia downs. Call fast train toll free at 1-866 fast train to south and appointment. With four convenient locations, there's bound to be a location near you. They're in Kindle, Miami. Pembro primes before. Probably not too awfully far from Shorty's in Kindle. And don't forget to ask the career counselor for us to students like yourself or currently in their dream jobs. Call fast train toll free. 1-866 fast train. I like to wrap it up at Wixie Highway and see those empty trains going back and forth and back and forth. That's 1-866 fast train or check them out on the Wicked World Wide Web. If you like it, fast train.com. Joey sucked. Jerk. Oh, I'd like to know who won the election. Said I'd like to know who won the election. Count the vote. Count the vote. Ready. Count the vote. Count the vote. Count the vote. Count the vote. Count the vote. Count the vote. Count the vote. Count the vote. And the since, this presidential race began. Live up in Wonder who was going to win. Some Palm Beach people went to do their voting job. So count up all the ballots and find out who's gotten more. Those old folks seem to have one thing in common. Looks like lots of them just keep their votes. Patrick, you can. Boy. So I'd like to know who won the election. Yes, I'd like to know who won the election. Count the vote. Count the vote. They need count the vote. Count the vote. Count the vote. Count the vote. Count the vote. Count the vote. Count the vote. Count the vote. Count the vote. The final tabulation started coming in. Then I saw a new splash on Channel 10. Some may repeat for all the give-ner in a bunch. They said they were confused and didn't know which hole to punch. Those old folks seem to have one thing in common. Looks like lots of them just keep their votes too. Patrick, you can. So I'd like to know who won the election. Said I'd like to know who won the election. Or I'd like to know who won the election. Count the vote. Count the vote. Count the vote. Count the vote. Count the vote. Count the vote. Count the vote. Count the vote. Count the vote. Count the vote. Count the vote. Count the vote. Count the vote. Count the vote. I'm in a book bush. Count the vote. I'm in a book. Count the vote. I'm in a book bush. Count the vote. I'm there in a mall. Count the vote. The men's steps are painted. Count the vote. The men's steps are painted. I'm pretty nine and five sixty w q a and there's no question about it based on just a couple of early calls. It's going to be a real wild time in the old town tonight. Magnoma's take a booted. Muffalo just didn't she said it took about a half an hour to vote to that. It's not too bad. Here's the fact it says first is that nine forty promo you played earlier for real. Yes it is. I know that child over there and if you don't believe they're planning they're playing a crap out of you. You never know who will call Tony Bruno on nine forty fox sports radio. Our David voice of the Miami. I'm going to say what and you don't need the James work but I look to you guys every day. You guys doing a hell of a job. It's fun to listen to and all Brian. I mean the whole thing you guys just doing is great. What did I hear that right. I got so close. I look to you guys every day. You guys are doing a hell of a job. It's fun to listen to and all Brian. I mean the whole thing you guys just doing is great. Wow even Mo Howard David listens to Tony Bruno on nine forty fox sports radio. Exactly. See I think what you ought to do is to our planet from himself on his show. Stern and Martin comes back from green get be. He won't be with me. He won't be with me. I'm every person. He won't be with me. Oh that's right. He won't the more he resett the more off city gets. Too bad it says that because of what it just said Howard David. He could play that and then instead of mentioning my name on a clock every morning. He promoted his good friend Tony Bruno. And they can have that high in a life in the background. That would be great. Come on, Mo. There's a challenge. Let's start promoting Tony Bruno on the fox sports. Get that 1.7 of Thomas the two share. 5 6 7 0 5 60. How's that pull coming? People I can't vote any election today. They're voting on our pull. 151 already? Man, holy Toledo is Rick weaver would say. Warwick weaver was sure good. You know it. Watch of the punishment. P from Howard David. A sucking up to the enemy Fox sports yesterday with an tempered promo. That call that he made to Tony Bruno, which he just heard a segment up. That ask sucking call to the enemy. Who's more Howard David? 49. Fire is old. Ask 39. Steel is too pays 30. He gets raped. He gets raped by a Freaky Carlos 6. No penalty gets a gold star and a purple jelly bean 6. That must be the witch in your crowd. Those of us were still alive. The Jerry wish in your crowd. J.D. L. leader brain dead and suicide. Los Angeles. Jewish defensively chairman Irbuban was declared brain dead yesterday. After attempting suicide in the prison where he was a witty trial. I'm charged as a conspiring to bomb a mosque at a US Congress office. Lord and federal official said it's a terrible personal law set attorney Peter Morris. No relation to Philip. Ruben 57 was released from his cell and they met to call it in the tense instead of between 5.30 and 6.00 AM 8.30 and 9.00 am eastern time for breakfast at William Woolsey. A spokesman for the US Marshall service. Sometimes after that he sustained self-inflicted injuries using a shaving razor to cut his throat. Woolsey said. Ruben then fell or jumped from his cell blocked here to the level below an 18 foot drop and landed on his head. Woolsey said Ruben's attention was to take his own life. No kidding. That's pretty profound. We thought he was just showing off. Ruben was taken to county. Maybe he was just trained to be a stunt man. I don't know. He's trying to get on jackass. That could have been it. Maybe he wants to be that next jackass flick. Oh, by the way. Nice promo for Howard Spurman. He papers again this morning. As if he needs it. Ruben was taken to county. USC hospital. He was put on a lot of support to clear brain dead morosek. What a shame in it. Oh. Facts is just pouring in here today. It's all over folks. It was an ice run for a couple hundred years, but it's all over democracies dead. Terrible thing to say, but it's true. Wouldn't stick and roll me there. Oh. From the Edinburgh news, police charged man over sex with traffic cone. A man caught performing an indesan act on a traffic cone has been charged by a police with a Jeff Cohen. A 30 to 30 years old has been nothing would be an indesan on him. In fact, maybe a moment we ought to put that choice on Ertuq is raped by a ponytail. With his big black friend. Name Ben Gay. The 33 year old has been charged with breach of the peace after police received reports and I was engaging in the sexual act with a cone at the bottom of Colton Hill on Tuesday night. This is the Edinburgh news, the Brits. Alarm passes by called police and said they had seen a man trying to have sex with a traffic cone. Officers from the Gayfield Police Station. A 10 in found the 33 year old committing the offense. A police spokesman can for a policeman called him and incident the Carl Rotto evening said a report that's been a do the pro, pro curator fiscal. Oh, it was Dr. King handle. I goes to show all your kids out there too much spotted dick and it goes to your brain. All right. You know, you know, if you go to a Delhi and they got head cheese, I look at it and I get physically ill. I don't know what's going to go into like an open air food market where they have seafood, but they got fish and seafood and that's smell. Ah, well, you can relate to it. Yeah. Either that. But if that's worse or the look at it, the head cheese. Welcome to Q. I am Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, I just got my absentee ballot two days. Yes. Better late than ever. Uh-huh. It has a page missing. The one with the county question, including the one with the county question, what they want to increase the county commissioners salary from 6,000 years. That's a thousand a year. Yeah. Well, hopefully you are to be voting on something like that. Just let them have their money and don't you be interfering. And, McIntyre, I voted for McBride last week. My partner voted for McBride today. And he's definitely McBride also has the Chink in the fact vote. Yeah. At least I hope. The Chink vote, how many Chink started? Well, we don't see you Asian, so hey. But the ones that we know, they're all voting for McBride. And any of you facts out there that vote for that silly ass, Prissy of Bob Cunz, whatever the hell his name is, you can be in jail. I actually know for LCR who are voting for Bush. Oh no. Yeah. Let's just wait and what that is. That means self-hating queens, log cabin or Republicans LCR. Yeah. Okay. Well, thanks a lot, Pally. All right. Go do it again. And vote two. LCR, self-hating queens. They're the last one to go to camp. No, no, no. The sludge hits. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. WQAM. Hello? Yes, sir. Yes. I voted in beer field beach this morning. And the people on Channel 10 I was watching the news last night. They said it was the polls are over at six. So I got there well they said six though it's their fault. But I got there early and there was a whole line of black folks there. All right. That's good news. Excellent. And in fact, the whole whole, I guess it may be a church ban. They pulled up and a whole bunch just got out and got in line. Let's possibly, by the thousands, let's bring them in from the Carolinas if we have to. You know, it may be I voted for me. All right. Thanks. Thank you. Right. That's right. Good old boy, baby. Never stole a freight train. Don't have his whole family and rehab. I'll take that. Didn't make any comments off Mike about DBS plans to adepe six the class size amendment. See, just based on that alone, there shouldn't be anybody with any comments since be voting for the bush mice today. That one except a course for the religious nuts like Ralph Reed and that ilk. So I have to take away those 10,000 people. See, they're always exaggerating. You know, first it was like, there's too many of us around a country. And then all of a sudden was like 50 million and then it was 70 million. And now it's like 400 million. Of course there's only 270 million people in the country. But 400 million of more board again might win Christians if you believe them. Of course they would never lie either. Of course them. 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon line. 956 at 560 QM. You know what it comes to eating your good food. There's so many good restaurants to choose from. But if you're looking for the best deli in Miami, you bet it's her bets. You know, her bets was a sponsor mine about 100 years ago. And they're back. Her bets has been slicing it and piling it on tick for over 30 years. Like I said, it's New York style deli. It's best with her bets homemade pea soup. And there's nothing like a good pea. Deli's daily specials in the best best promy corn beef in brisket. You've ever popped in your push. Her bets even has the pickles. Coslaw and two cumberset on the tables. Just like the good old days before the old folks put all the other places out of business. Her bets was even voted the best breakfast and cheap eats restaurant on citysearch.com. Now is the time to start thinking about your holiday party needs. And her bets does an unbelievable job with holiday platters and catering for your family parties or at the office. Her bets has been servicing some lime is top corporations for years. If you order now, mention them. You're sure you can get 10% off on all your holiday catering orders. How can you beat that? Her bets is located on 79th Avenue just off the pulmetto. Just call Greg at 305 5 9 2 7 8 18. That's 305 5 9 2 7 8 18 or reach him on the net at her bets.com. The best deli in Miami, you bet. It's her bets. My life and local. This is 4 20 5 60. You way too way. Time to get it on. Welcome back to the Mohawk with David to show. Where with Jack will a zany but good clean family fun. You know that pipe smoke and giz goes look thinks rap is funny. Is that funny? Plains crash into buildings is funny too. But since when is gang rape funny, Especially when it's me getting my tea bag grabbed it. Where does Jack is? Hey, how about the movie's key? Mom and I know that local tap there for when I talk. This is important. They don't know comedy. I'll show them comedy. Today I brought my collection of lumbar napnotates. Lumbar napnar, you moron. They even named the restaurant after lumbar. There you cluelish muck. Look at back to that later. Right now it's time for our transcendent mid-show snack. Bring the morning mayo his food. Oh, here they are. My favorite place to die. I go to Boko. Stick in a very buddy. What is it, smint? Looks like a donut. Not so the famed embryos from Plains' Herand Hood in the hood. Oh, that's good. But it's good. Yeah, too. Try with the cocktail sauce. Hey, hey beast. Complete at Alice Cooper record. Oh, that's it. Baby, can't see. Can't see. Can't see. There's a little atmosphere for you to help the cold down the collect. Hey, baby, I really dig that Alice Cooper seat. I'm with it. And I'm here. I'm a heaps dog. Could these punks only know what was good? Yeah. I have to mark sense in here. I can't get palette this one. Thanks, ma'am. Alright, so we got the meat head messed up coming up at one followed by that fat jewel right after the quay and the spick. What's that? It's a play. The play. It's an right for your ass. Well, then go the quay. 10 out to it. 560 WQM happy Tuesday 2. 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon line. Watch the punishment be for more Howard David sucking up to the enemy Fox Sports with that gross test called a Tony. How you know Bruno yesterday? Who's more Howard today, but 64. Fire is old as 55 is catching up. Steel is to pay 38. He gets raped by the whole staff 20. Venish him from Paradise 13. No penalty gets a gold star in a purple jelly means 7 and he gets raped by freaky Carlos. 6. I guess that would be cool on usual punishment. Why does that all those? Where's he? WQM. Oh, Neo? Yes, sir. I am finally having the WQM made the New York Times today. Really? It said, my and these chances you should be so we need to recon. I was listening to Hank and that more yesterday. And these people were calling in like death of the crew. I mean, you know, a nuclear, another 9 or 11. I mean, because our high estate moves in front. Okay, great. 560 pound, 560 on the ATT. Move the move the move the move the move the move the move. Send someone that stuff over here. Whatever it is you do in pal. Send someone over here from our birthday. Yeah. WQM. Hello. Hello, Neo. Yes, sir. How are you doing today? Okay. The only thing better than winning an election, as far as your party winning election is to have the other party line and vision complain that it's getting stolen from a, you know, the reason why the Republicans are going to win this election. Yeah. Because most people are voting that way. And it's just a very sick story away to try to justify the fact that more people think like me, even think like you. Hmm. Oh, in some other words, I hate to break the news to you, but they were like over half a million people more than voted for Gordon Bush last time in 2000, not he like that. So more people, more people must think like me than you, not he like that. And I love your very mature approach to politics. No, no, no, no, no, that's what it is. Get back in the sandbox, okay. Before somebody catches the out of it. More people think like me than you, when you know something, that's a very sad commentary if it's true. A very sad commentary. Mind slaves. Oh, boy. Absolutely untrue. The majority of the people in this country are not viable, Toten, gunsling and right wing, born again, Armageddon, a hope in lunatics. Because if they were, we wouldn't have a Chinaman's chance. So it all confused this guy with a thousands and thousands of people that were turned away from the polls back in 2000, or the many people are going to be disenfranchised today because of the screw up voting in. That doesn't happen. That's right, just made it up. No, no, no, no, that's a typical right wing response. That's usually their best shot. WCU-AM. Q-A-M. That's you. Good morning, sir. Where is Diaz? Happy birthday. Thanks. Mind in a week. Well, happy birthday, Vivaan. Alright, thanks. I just got through voting for McBrite. And I was kind of alarmed. I was in the park and lot there walking up to the place. And there's these two jet boys out there passing out brochures and stuff. I thought that was against the law. It is. I forget what the distance is. They have to be away from the polling place. But if they were in a parking lot, that's against the law. But not only in the park and out there about 50 feet from the entrance. Oh boy. Well, thank God we got a good God for a righteous Republican governor in here who wouldn't do anything like that. And would have nothing to do with a Ralph Reed phone calls that morning. And by the way, I was the only guy there that's voting, Mish. Ah, not good news. Alright, have a good one. Better go back and vote again. I think I will. Thanks. Let's see, what their vids is making sure he's listening to you in the morning. Why should he listen to you? What is that mean? What does this fax mean? What difference does it make? He sure isn't listening. Oh, this is this is Jerry who gave up with a handwriting and I was typing it. I think about the problem. I guess I don't know. You have to be a little more explicit, okay, Jerry. And go back to the handwriting with so much more colorful. So much more retarded. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. But you are Jerry, you are listening. How do you like that? Like you do every day. WQAM. Hello? Yes sir. Yeah, I have a figure report. Yeah. Can I get to the warden vote? What is it? There's a police about 10 cars that don't give them tickets away. It's about 10 of them on a motorcycle. Running to the warden vote and the sugar's in in bulk. Never been there. Exactly. Okay, thanks for the good news. Thanks for the warning. All you dark folks, you better get out there and vote while it's still daylight. Okay. Otherwise, it'll probably declare a curfew around 530. 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. And let me say it again. Look at the electrical map from the year 2000. Look at the living and breathing states. The civilized place is in this country. From the west coast to the northeast, even to the Midwest. All you do is look at the Yahoo states. The mudwamps states. The nose picking. Traitor trash states. Just take a look at the old red and blue. Okay, you'll see who thinks like that asshole that called about 4.5 calls back. That guy. That guy. WQAM. Yes, sir. Hey. Hey. Man, you're comforting him. Yes, and the president. Yeah, I am. Damn, you damn crap. You know, Democrats man. They got to make up something because they know they're going to lose. Yeah, I'm going to. Okay, listen, your sheep's getting lonely. Okay, better get back home. Gotta make something up. See this? This is what you deal with morons. People would collect if I killed a lot smaller than their shoe size. I mean, you can vote anywhere you like, but the approach, the intellectual approach. To your political leanings is so, so mature. That's what I love. These Democrats, I got to make up a bunch of crap. Sir, you have a good time. You and the judge, okay? And the 80, 80 people in your kids class. If by some fate of luck, you should mind if we produce and God for a bit. 1008 at 560 WQAM and don't forget. You never know who will call Tony Bruno on 940 Fox Sports Radio. Our David, voice of the Miami Dolls. I'm actually saying what, and you don't need to change the smoke. But I look at you guys every day. You guys are doing a hell of a job. It's fun to listen to and all Brian. I mean, the whole thing you guys are doing is great. What? Did I hear that right? I got to take it. I look at you guys every day. You guys are doing a hell of a job. It's fun to listen to and all Brian. I mean, the whole thing you guys are doing is great. Well, even Mohour David listens to Tony Bruno on 940 Fox Sports Radio. Here's an incredible facts. Wait, tell you there's Neil. I can't believe what happened to me this morning after an hour and a half in line. I finally got to the little electronic voting both in attempt to exercise my right. When I finished the last screen, I chose the often-dejective ballot before officially completing the process. I distinctly mean called choosing the bribe for governor. But when I viewed the results, the governor selection was blank. I voted again from a bribe, and that also disappeared. I asked for assistance from one of the poll workers after explaining the problem that his suggestion was, try picking the other candidate. Are you kidding? They're lying. They're making that. No, because this is from a regular facts or bill. I know this, uh, worries from. After processing a reply, my head and realizing she was serious. I played along as if this was actually a valid option. You mean I picked the wrong candidate that said she said, maybe. Is this person in on some elaborate computerized fixer? She just complete moron. And what the hell is happening with these electronic voting machines? Neil, this must be Armageddon. It's a bit of a lot of you like that. It's fixed. The fixes in don't you understand? How could a guy that was three points ahead? I'm Friday. All of a sudden, over to week can be 15 points ahead. Well, nothing happened. Oh, they must have seen those ads. They must have seen the light. Maybe the Virgin Mary tapped on their window. Maybe they saw the burning bush. Who now knows what it was? Maybe the, maybe they're supplier showed up over to week in a, you know. Got him in the right frame of mind. Maybe they were seeing the first no well. I have no idea what it was all about. But something really stinks here again in Florida, man. What they've learned how to fix in lusciousness won't be the only fixed election that they believe me. And I'm not just saying Republicans are one where the other man. Anybody remember Tamony Hall in New York? No, every election was fixed. And those were Democrats. So all you childish assholes out there. All you silly Republicans who just, you know, Republicans good Democrats bad liberal liberal liberal. See they were succeeded very well in early 80s. That's when they started these right wing assholes. Liberal is a dirty word. And of course, the Democrats most of them being a bunch of pans. He's anyway cowardly. Oh, you're right. You're right. We're now we're progressive or moderate or whatever. In fact, even when at bitch Heather called you that they wanted to pay me in the liberal corner. You know, this is how I like this associated from that word because it's not necessarily always true. But just to piss her off. Just to piss her off because it was obvious that was the point. You liberals are a bunch of racist. All new darky stay home on Tuesday. That was that was the point. That's their whole thrust. Hey, want to win a chance to win a free bear from Vermont teddy bear company. Just sign up to be a preferred member. That's free to find out more by calling their tool free number. 1-800-829 bear or visiting their website at romantitibird.com. If you're looking for a fun and different gift for somebody's birthday new baby or for the holidays. Make somebody's day by sending a Vermont teddy bear. Just call 1-800-829 bear and a bear council will help you choose from a 100 handcrafted bears. Delivered with a card and chocolate and a colorful gift box. It's more personal and fun than flowers that will be enjoyed forever. You can use them from bears like the birthday suit bear. The Thanksgiving turkey bear or baby's first Christmas bear. You can even add somebody's name to the many of the bears outfits to make your gift. Really personally you won't believe the reaction you'll get as an allow overnight and Saturday deliver is guaranteed too. So call today 1-800-829 bear or shop online at Vermontt teddy bear.com. Show your care send a bear the creative alternative flowers for any occasion. Call today 1-800-829-B-E-A-R. You win! The socks have ended up the Legend of Visuals left you confused. Here is your guy to understand how to cast your vote in Palm Beach County Florida. How all along with me to see just how easy it can be. Let's get started. Show a. Joining me here in the booth is Mr. Murmell's day. Who are you voting for? I'll leave them in. Now, leave the butterfly ballets starting with Bush Katie and the left column. You can and jiggle-grower, Mangala, I can and girls in the right. Where's our label over there? This guy will sky. Yes. Is this guy who makes my baby food? No. Now simply punch a hole in the 1959 Univac key punch card. Wait, wait. Over there. Here. Use this microscope. No. No. How much again? Oh, no. That invalidate your vote. All right. I'll punch you again. And now. You can't do that again. I'll punch you! I'll put my shit on you. I'll be able to read the book. Remember, comrades, if you want to live in Florida. Exercise your right to vote in accordance to the little brother. 16 at 5.60 WCM outside of that match. Sludge sheet almost anything. Just off the hot press. Matt Thud report. A voter is a Florida voter's claim machine is broken voted for a McBride Market. Is Bush. I voted for McBride but the machine counted it is Bush. I did this three times the polling worker finally said, We have to pre-program this machine. Another person was having the same trouble while I was there. So, came to color to South Florida's WQA-ma. I am in the highly-weighted radio top match in the ORAJU show. I'll tell you right now. This election is fixed. Rodgers has been in the Miami Fort Loretta Market for more than 30 years. Based on a few early calls, it's going to be a wild wild time. He said, that federal meal. There was no official confirmation on the alleged tiktok. Touch screen and other high-tech voting machines make their full-scale debut today. Mid-state and poll problems have been reported at least three polling locations. Local 60s reported that the scanners were not working at the central Florida... ...a goath of precinct. I thought that said gotcha for just a second. Goath of precinct 101 in Orange County. Photos were putting their ballots in a box to be hand counted according to report. The scanners also are not working at the port saying John precinct 59 in Provard County. Or precinct 16 in Central County. He said all been church on state road 426. The report says, state where we can't do an election. We can't hold an election here. In this goddamn god for seconds, state in this penis you learn which we live. What a disgrace. You ain't seen nothing yet. It's not even 10-30 in the morning yet. This is going to be one of the great messes of all time. And they're going to send you in. You're going to have these whining people just like a couple of had already. That's right. Just claim fix. Yeah, these people are just making it up right. Just like they did two years ago. And that's why we went for weeks and weeks with all those people holding up the ballots looking for the chance. That one guy looked like the eye was going to pop the eyeball out of his socket. That was a judge. WQAM. QAM. Going once. Going twice. Hello. Yes, sir. Good afternoon. Morning. Excuse me. What do you think, man? What did this morning? Did you? Are you going to? Have you voted yet? How didn't catch the beginning of the show? Yeah. Okay. The machines, they send us over and you walk up to the machine and they have one of the members from Century Village. They have this little box thing. I don't know if you're familiar with the new voting thing. And it resets me. He walks away with this. They give you a little yellow printed piece of paper. They can hand to this guy so he could set you. There's no real numbers or demarcation on it or anything. And you go through. I didn't have any problems with the machine. There was no really a long line over in sunrise off an uphill. But it allows you to review the ballot and everything like that. But again, they just can't provide a receipt. Just as you would say, the fix has been in the fix is in. And all these malfunctioning machines. What I'm voting I hear some of these poll workers say, you didn't match the pink with the yellow. You haven't been matching the pink itself. And I'm seeing that. I turned to my wife and I said, oh, man. You know, we've been talking about it for I said, oh, boy. And you finish voting and then got this little flashing red light that flashes vote vote vote on the top of the. And I turned to the guy said, is this flashing red and he said, yep, that sends it in. You know, and I said, oh, you know, I can't say it on the air. But I said, right, Schmidt. And I said, you know, and I said, I announced, you know, we can just get a receipt. He says, I can give you what any little stickers as a receipt. The voting stickers. Yeah, I vote. Yeah. I just walked out laughing now. Well, good luck to us now. I'm crying. But I got away. I'll see you. I'll see you in Mississippi. See you next to them. Okay. What's the things? Funny past that. It ain't looking good. Folks. And of course, anybody that's dubious about some of the stuff we're hearing. I left remind you on the same program back two years ago. We were hearing women calling in from Palm Beach County and others calling in. People who were hysterical who were not sure they wanted to vote for a go. But they put you know, something I think I've out of voted by you can. Those are that goddamn butterfly ballot and low and behold. They did. They did. And that's where we heard about our first right here on this show. Because this state does, in fact, I don't know about the rest of the states. I can't speak for that. But it seems to me didn't California use the touch screen. I think they've been using that for quite a while now. Lots of places have yes. Yeah. Without any major problem at all. They've been touching it. But that ain't floored. That ain't floored. It may be no place ain't floored. This is a special place. And you assholes there on CNN. You better get with it. Okay. This bill humpers it around thinking it's a big joke. Yuck it it up with it and be cannon. But I mean, but I'm a pro. You better get with it. You better send your people out to these pulling places and see what kind of crap is going down. And let me also say this to you all you partisan clowns out there. I don't care who wins. It's still fixed. It's still rigged. I don't care if I'd bri wins via minion votes or if I'd bush wins via two minute. It's fixed. Or at least the attempt let's put it this way. The attempt is being made big time. They could show old Dick Daley and Chicago with finger to these people a lot for snolation. I mean, they had nothing on it. He had nothing on them with the dead people voting. Who've been doing that in Dave County for years. WDQAM. No, no. The morning and have you birthday to you. Thank you. As a maybe a final thing to come. There was somebody celebrating over here about, if I knew they're running jubb. And within 10 minutes cloud cover covered it all up. See it's an active god. I'll tell you that right now. Yeah, we did a fine. Yes it is. I went early this morning. A meal to a devote and had no problems. There was about, because I got there early about five minutes to seven. About 25 people ahead of me. They were very organized. They got everybody in and I was in an out in 18 minutes. And the my vote in for Mr. McBride and hopefully he'll win. Okay. I have any problem. Good luck to us. All right. Thanks. Here's a fact that says kind of bizarre. What is this? It says happy birthday. I'm sorry McBride is not going to win. I'm in Texas when I voted Democrat across the board this morning. The polling station kept saying are you sure every time I enter the vote. I think the closest Democrat candidates at least 10 points behind. When they find out that I'm a Democrat will be 10 to get to a lot of here. Unfortunately, I can't do that. So I'm going to try to blend in and am off to buy some guns. Maybe even buy me a dead fetus sign. If you can't beat him, join him because as you and I both know Republicans don't like people want to be with them. Just join the flock, baby. Once again happy birthday. Thank you so much. Let it out. Join the flock. Here's Steve. This morning, very large crowd only 30 minutes. I think I'll go vote again. This might be the last election. Don't let she and I have a big crowd and baby. That's not a good sign. Oh, you. Hey, you think? You think? Never. Yes. Here's the fact that says, did you know that colon pals Jamaican Yes, I did. As a matter of fact. And also, Saudi say we're not helping a US truck on a rack which is an old store from days ago, which we talked about, but thank you very much anyway. And we know those things. Thank you anyway. Keep you out of trouble off the streets. 560, 560, pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Who's more Howard David is leading our poll with 81. Fireers old ass 75 still is two pays got 51. Two pays. I'm sorry. He gets raped ended by the whole staff 26. Vanishing from Paradise 26. 16, I'm sorry. No penalty gets a gold start of probability in 15. And he gets raped ended by freaky Carlos only eights. Even the Saudi's knows as cool as they usually are. That's very, that's way over the edge. Consos who even with this Supreme Court they never permit that. WCU AM. Meal. Yes, I am. I want to wish you a happy and healthy birthday. I love you. Thank you. I love you from the 70s and I lived at Aventura. But now I live in Boker at Com. Oh boy. And I want to tell you I was in one of those disputed precincts with the butterflies. But I was there this morning. Everything is fabulous. There were some eight days there. You know what can you do with the S.A.A. But there were qualified people to show like this one lady said I don't even have an ATM card. Anyway, they showed her how to use it. No problem. I was in and out of there in 20 minutes. And of course, you know how I voted. I want to tell you something. I hope that that's direct. You're still listening. I'm sure he's glued to it in the radio too. This is the most obnoxious human being on the airways. He beats them all. That's the fact that people everything. Yeah. And you gave her good last week that's the fact. But I want to tell you one thing, Neal, about this entire election. Because I am a junkie. I watch everything. The worst, the worst. A pack of it. Are taking place in the state of Georgia. I know. And I got bad news for a cleatence falling behind now. I had my hardest break. I mean, this guy, he gave up two legs on an arm. Well, if he would have given up the other arm, we might have likened. But he still got that one arm left. He's not a patriot. If he was a true papede, he'd give us the other arm too. Yeah. Well, they really breaks my heart. You know, this morning, in C-SPAN, there was a question. When did you decide how you're going to vote? Well, I kept calling and calling. Couldn't get in. Because I was in the tell him I was five. Why was I five years old? Because my mother cried when Frank and her old adult won. Because of how lucky we were. He was going to pull us out of this garbage we were in. And that's when I became a Democrat because it were for the people. And that's all I can say. The people got the money who are paying us right. Yeah, the Republicans, they don't give it down. That that had in Georgia is killing me. It is absolutely. Almost makes you glad you live in Florida, but not quite. I think we have to make two states out of this state. I said that for a long time. No flaw in self-law. You're old. The friend that died. What's his name? You know, all what's his name? That was on the W. J. And he was to talk about this. We really should have to stay. They've got two Carolinians. Okay, have a great day sweetheart. Happy birthday. I love you. Say goodbye. Bye bye. When she starts talking about Jack Cool, that we know it's definitely long past time. The second by. 26 past 10 at 5. 60 WQA and Tom Laming would like to say hello to you. He loves the people listening to the show, which is why he created that Neil Rogers deal in the first place at Hall of Ponyack. Saved gigantic humongous bucks right now are all Ponyx and GM season stock. Just tell him that you heard this spot on the Neil Rogers show and he'll do like a little dance. They'll do Kazansky right in the show and for you. They'll be so excited. Stuff I Hello Ponyack GMC 134136. He's the highway that she was one across from the falls where every vehicle is marked with lowest price. Makes it the Neil Rogers deal and you'll save even more. You'll find out it's not the lowest price. They'll go even lower for you. Check out the complete line of GMC SUVs including that great on-boy voted by motor trend. Is this SUV the year and the all new Vibus SUV with the power of a big gas-gustling sports car. It is sensational. Hamilton's also got as always a dependable selection of pre-owned cars, trucks, and SUVs. And like I always say each and every day because they pay us to do it. If somebody turns you down for credit if you can't cut a deal any other card dealer in the universe, if everybody else looks at you and says who the hell are you kidding? No problem. Hell they'll make you a deal. Get a Neil Rogers deal with Hall of Ponyack GMC 134136. Highway across from the falls open every day. Seven days a week. You can give him a call to 305 238 4040 305 238 4040 for Hall of Ponyack GMC. We are believe it or not. Professional Grey. We're sports video 560. You a yeah. I get a dirty pocket. And that's why I think of Jethel Hathachim being ship-seated. And what did I tell you? You don't talk to like say you can talk. This is the beast. Like said shut up fatso. But you're like a father to me. You don't talk to Lam done talking. When I'm done talking then you talk. Okay I'll be coming. Come here. I want you to know me the front of my Mr. Gulf Club. Why are you out of here? I feel like showing the business and the mistake coming. This court sentences you to 20 years in ours. Would you win vote? I do the tag of my mattress. Looks like we'll be your bunkmates. The names of all how a statement. Starrestage screen and terror dice. What's your legal me, Gulf? You got so panless. Thank you. Hey. Get out of here. So hard. Realize. I'm going to make you my wife. Hey, nobody wants to stop. You've got a god. Who got you? Who got you? All right. shower time. We've got 10 minutes. I used to be safe in these. You're both. You know man. You know that new in the play over there. And so free. Okay. Comforters. Me like that. You know who I am? And then don't think it up now. I'm here for you. All right. But I expect a print in the policy. I might just put that boom in a bus stop. Yeah. I'll take the front. You do. You do. Yeah. The warden will see you now. Thanks. Well, Mr. David. I'm a woman. Jack. Jack ordered. How can it help you? Well, you see more than. Yeah. Keep getting raped. To reason that is you. You're looking to it right away. Thanks, Warden. It's about time. Some footage. It is out drop your pair. I said drop your pair. This is odd. Spoon. Favors don't come to you. You'll go. Yo. Let's rate. Oh. 3. Yo. Big shot. Oh. Yes. We've asked the time. Oh. Wait. In the game. Oh. That's 33.560WQAM. Straight to the side of idiots can vote. Well, we already decided that in Florida. New Mexico voters will decide today whether they want idiots and insane people to vote in their state. This is true. From Reuters, so it might be true. Under the state constitution drafted 1912 idiots and insane persons as well as those convicted of a pholonious or infamous crime are currently prohibited from voting into Mexico. Proposed to them in two on November 5, battle with struck the terms idiots and insane persons from the constitution, the measure better reflect on understanding of the mental health and remove our cake language supporters said. We got a lot of idiots voting here. Don't worry. You bet. Here's what it says. Happy birthday. Please ask George to rub those rose rebedes. Let's face it. We don't have a Chinaman Chancellor. We're quite a winny election. But maybe Jim can eat himself today. He's probably two tons. He's rubbing the beads on the microphone. He's rubbing it. Yeah. Jim is like I said. Poor. I've looked like somebody stuck on bicycle pump up his ass. You know what? Just got gigantic. In fact, maybe they got all the weight that the beast lost. Maybe they did Jim found it. Right about the same time that he found the virgin Mary. He already found Jesus, but then we became a cat lucky found a virgin Mary. And that's the big difference. Huh? Sixth one. Pope Virgin Mary all that stuff. Let's see, does his happy birthday from pepper to Pfizer. I voted I wasn't in and out. Nothing like in and out. He gave the old and out. Nice going Doug. How can he not be old in and out? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line. How about that Ray Lucas? Oh, if I could tell you the great pleasure it gave me to see that. WQAM. Hello? Yes sir. I was on the Dredge report and I saw that the machines were messing up down there in Florida. This is Reverend Jones. I'm sorry. This is Reverend Jones. This is Neil Rogers. This is Reverend Jones. Reverend Jones. I'm a software programmer. I could have predicted that those machines are a lot worse than anyone ever predicted. They're based upon a slot machine software card. You've got a slot machine down Florida. No, we don't. You're calling from Kansas City. Yes, I program those touch tone screens for four companies in the past. Okay. Based on a slot machine card. Somebody can go in. Replaced slot machine card. One out of every 30 votes can be rejected. One out of 30 votes can be turned to another candidate. Uh-huh. Are you from the US want machine down there? Why? Do what did I just tell you asked me the first time and I said no. We still don't. Since you asked me, we still don't. Okay. You don't have well. Let me say it again. No, we don't have them. Okay, Neil. Those machines down there are all fault. I could walk into this. Hey, listen. Reverend Jones. Have a nice day. 560560. Do you have a slot machine down here, George? Let me look. I found a slot. Oh, there's a machine. Ah. See, I'm not going to get excited about it because what's the use, you know? Let's see. This is, this is brilliant. Math Rogers obviously monitoring your show on the directory. As the main article about code. I just got through reading that. We just got through talking about that. What is wrong with some of you people? If you listen to the show, you know what was going on here. Math Rogers listening to the show. Not monitoring. He's a big fan of the show. He's everyone on the site on recreatory. He needs to talk about this room. He's a great day. You know, he has to. That's almost the idea that you love the show. Yeah, there are stuff called SSPE but we definitely have the same picture here. Hi Cheryl. Have a nice day, please. satisfactory. pueda. C'mon, thank you. Well what's going on is two. dick. 0.560 pound five 60 on the AT&T. Let's hear some reports about the voting today and if you want make some up, we don't care Scrup all the rest of the media just make up some stuff It'll be on CNN and MSNBC. I mean certainly on fast because they're monitoring religiously now How you doing Heather? WQAM George wants others number by the way, yes sir. Have you brought a favor? Thank you According to one call before said, Jeff, tell us about South Miami or whatever it was. Skyweiter was doing the same thing up in the Hollywood area and yes, cover it up by clouds after the journey. Cover it up by clouds. How do you like that? Oh right. The Lord don't want to see no jibbing the sky. I do have to also concur at the game fact you about the calm But it's one candidate period. I had the same problem. No. Yes. I run Hollywood We make all over I put the poll okay, this is something's not right here. I put it from a bride And what did what did it come up showing? I showed bus You voted for my bride and the machine showed you voters for boys. Yes, and I'm like this is not right I'll go review this is review. I don't care. Go correct. No same thing I'm like a crap. I call the poll. I said look at this. I showed it to her and she said She said I can't believe it. So Thankfully there was a technician there and they reset the machine. They set it off and they reset it And they turned it on and it worked Well, well, what if they hadn't reset it? What if you wouldn't have checked it wouldn't have noticed that? I wonder how many people already voted a space cadet. Yeah, right? I would have told them I want to vote on another machine or something. Uh-huh I could not believe it. I don't think the people might have to say if there's what if there's anybody in this state who thinks that these machines are working Properly and forget about the outcome if anybody thinks we're gonna get an accurate outcome in this election man I got a whole bunch of land to sell you right behind my ass Oh, but no I was just incredulous. I I'm like. Oh crap don't we have to go through this again. Yes Anyone you'll thanks for being divorced the reason and just even show it for governor See, oh, I'll forget about that just even sure for governor that asshole well No, he's an asshole. Oh, he's an asshole Did you see I first of all that whole tone of his where he's okay? I'm so tired of that stale phony act You know for a moment there he gave us a brief glimmer and he talked about the god people being full of crap And we thought oh here's a guy that's got the balls to say something and then all of a sudden well You know He realized it wasn't politically correct and he liked you didn't hear too much from him and then in a fit of peak I mean, so what if they didn't like the way they had to guide them a ceremony? Well, what what does that have to do with anything is that they're reason to conduct Politics and conduct government in this country because you didn't like the way somebody had a memorial service And it became a pep rally. So what you didn't like it you got up and walked out he's entitled So yeah, hey, this clown that he appointed interim senator yesterday Minnesota this guy didn't know until an hour before He called him an hour before it said get out of your jeans and put on a suit you better get over here. You're gonna be the next senator for two weeks Just in a fit of peak Hey Jesse back to the ring baby and you know rock I'll take that right now Jesse for governor. I Rather have jabber least at least he's got a fun family anyway Huh? It's a it's a laugh admitted. It's another great story every week, okay, and it is getting close to Christmas time Somal next month be December wallbeatsing in the first in the last no way Oh Come and listen to my story about the man named jubb who's walletless as big as his face. He's well-up head He became a governor and dictator to simply buy heaven more money than you billionaire that is there it is deals existential dad in A real boober boober during a race the other doobers name was buddy in the k had an ill fitting suit and a skeletal head and when they took a Post they discovered he was dead Brie did that is no brains of backwards room Now Jim represents the Christian Reich what somehow got support from the Jewish journal kikes They're all in the mass grave very very deep and his wife wears a necklace of the feelings from their team Jewish gold melted down of course The tele-hassee millionaire Star ring regular as Jim bush Avarore has Columba General's their health error. The tele-heasy millionaire's brought to you by Zygant A. And don't forget, Anne Coder is Captain Harris. 1046 at 560W came ever seem to gather, no rest my case. 56070560 what's going on with the phone near George George's give up. Oh, it's her. Just put him on hold, okay? We don't expect you to speak to them, but just put him on hold. I know we don't want to overwork you. Pete DeCronix says, a vote in the pines today with all the help of the seat. And you know something? The seniors who go page by page defined your name ahead of one hour wait. It says, how about a few Jeb Bush FM cards? I only claim to fame Pete DeCronix for enough and you're right. Have a nice day Pete and go away. 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T line WQAM. More Neil. Yes, sir. Thank you so much. Okay, a great day. I almost didn't vote for Bill McBridey. I just wanted to say, because this is for anybody. Ate Cloc, I get this recorded phone call from Jude Lieberman. That's what he's voting for his friend, Bill McBridey. That would turn me off for you. I'm playing recovered before I got to the polls. Anyway, thanks for your hammer. I love the Congolese or Ice Foss. All right, that's coming up. Alright, baby. Thanks. Coming up, I almost forgot about that. Also the Mohourdan Fox sports promo is coming up. End up. End up and up and up, just like lunch. 560560 pound 560 meals birthday. It's election day. And there we go. Starting after plug those numbers again because they're all kind of like, wow, I think we're done with this. I think we're done with this. And let me just tell you something else. I don't give a crap. Do you care anymore, really? Well, yeah, I'm stuck here. Oh, that's right. Well, I'm not. I just, I don't care anymore. It's hopeless. It's hopeless. It's been taken over. Like I said yesterday, the Democratic Party blows. They've just thought kind of thrown into town, left it all these other people have come along and done his bloodless coup. And the Democrats have coward in the corner said, oh, you're right. We aren't liberals anymore. We're like, that's a dirty word. Right. Comey, pink, oh, whatever. It's like a throwback to the McCarthy days again. Either with us or you're against us, and of course, very on Patreon, too. And then of course, it is cool. My, oh, did you know that Neil Coleman, what the hell is his name? Not Neil. What is his name? And, uh, Minnesota, whatever. Norm, Norman. He went to school. He was a classmate of Norman, Eliot Kent. No, I did not know that. How do you like that? He used to be Norm Coleman. He used to be a member of the SDS, the students for Democratic Society, the most Raving Left Wing, ultra liberal-lust, scumbags out there. And, uh, he's all over the place. Now, he's a right wing, uh, a fetus hugging. In other words, whatever's expedient, which, your mind, they'll talk about in that debate yesterday. Come on, whatever's expedient. In fact, his politics are like Jerry Wishner's hairpiece. They changed the tone and flavor and color depending on the ambiance of his surroundings. He's a political comedian. That's right. Seriously, you're laughing about that. Which, there's, depending on the lighting and the day of the week and, uh, whatever, his, uh, peace some days would be like kind of pink and puce and other days would be like, have more of a green tinge to it. Maybe he died it. He did, he died it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. 5, 5, 6, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon line. How about those dolphins? Let's hear it. That's why they depressed today. Too bad. You better get with the reality of it. Okay, folks, you better get with the reality. It's the same old teas. Every year it's the big teas and then, uh, something happens. Whether it's an injury or just a choke job, something happens, man. Pretty ugly last night. W to Q a m. Q a m. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. This is Jim Stork from Will Manors. Wishner and you happy birthday. Haven't talked to you in years, hasn't it? Thanks Jim. How are you? How are you? I am doing good. I'm just kind of, uh, in thicker shock over, uh, over this whole election thing. Yeah. You know, I just became an elected official. So the whole... You became an elected official? Yes, I'm back in March. You didn't know I was, I, yeah, I see no, because I talked to Norms the other day. And Will Manors here as the mayor. Yeah. Are you, you're the mayor of Will Manors? Yes, sir. Oh, my God. I know you corrupted me back about 10 years ago. Why? I tried. That's what it is. It's it is. Oh, you're talking about politics. Yes, sir. I thought you're talking about something else. Exactly. Exactly. But I wonder which you have to birthday and, uh, I'm listening to your show. I'm just a busy day. I can't, listen to it enough. I'm a nice. Uh, well, tell all those long cabin Republicans that were going to round up the Ratchet. If they don't get destroyed now today. I will tell them. Okay. Tell them. Okay. Thank you. Good. of real manners. Fiblicly? Yes. 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. WQAM. Well, like the Bible, you put your hand on it. WQAM. I'm the real. Yes, sir. Speak. Yes, go ahead. Happy birthday, I'm Goneel. Thank you, sir. I'm a who the old friend of God. Wow. Even though we probably don't have a time in champ, but I can't, you know, I don't want to like, not vote and end up being close. But you always have it. I can the back of your mind, you know, all right. That's right. Suppose you're supposed to be fried loose by one vote. Then we have to come round up your ass. It's like that. Right. And I got to know that thing. I've another topic, everybody's like giving opinions on hot or run the new Roger show. Yeah. And then you put on my two cents in and you're going to head take all the time you want. I'll help you one of your sponsors if I may balance for life. Yeah. Just based on the zone diet as you know, which is 40, 30, 30, right? 40 carbs, 40 protein, 40 fat. I say let's apply that for a minute to the world famous in your Rogers show. Yeah. So it's 40% bedtime story. 30% molded. 30% false. Okay. Sounds like a weirder to me. George still awake. George has got to head down on the table. He's mumbling Hail Mary's now. What a gig this guy had. I know. No, I don't know. I can't know. He got me a great digital camera. One of those are ways about two ounces. Or me. It's good to have you back and down. And you know how to who you love you even though most of us are not of the closet yet. Well, that is. We'll drag you out. Thank you. She and her team will manage. Thanks. How do you like that? They're coming out. Well, I tell you, we're getting a lot of good stuff on here, but not. Look at this. Can the GO pick convinced blacks not to vote from the new Republic? We've never seen in our lifetime and effort to attract a black vote by Republicans like we're seeing now former Kansas City Mayor of Manual, Cleaver, told the Kansas City Star last month. In Missouri Republican Senate candidate Jim Talon is making the rounds of black business groups. Yaudi, Yaudi, Yani. How you like that? And then it goes on to talk about just exactly what the whole thing is. And that is. Liberals are all bad. They're not on your side. They're all about your racist pigs coming vote for us or the very least if you don't want to do for that. Stay home. Stay home and make babies. But not too many because they'll be liberals too. How do you like that? That's what that Fox crap was all about. Although it must be just a coincidence that Moe was on that Fox sports station yesterday. Concerning with that in me. How's he Fox and Fox? Start put that together in your mind? I'm just mentioning that in passing. The BDQ.I.M. Great. Thank you. I'm just coming from the west coast. I've been listening to you for so long. I'm here in all the college with your saying. We'll come up with the west coast this morning. You and he said, I could get with this right wing station. And I have to admit this guy. I think Tom's something. I think he's last name. But he had, I must listen to like 60 cars. And that one color called in saying, hey, I went to the boat this morning and I'd go there for a pub. And I checked my boat and it was changed to a bill in the bar. That's the car. I was in and said that. You called and said they had no problems with the pub. Everything was going great. But no one called and said they're boat was changed to bill in the bar. Right. The 50s in body. Okay. See, of course that's on the west coast. He's talking about sea overdose. Yahoo stations over there. What do I mean? I'll ho counties. They don't have to worry about fixing them. But keep in mind. That's why it's always screwed up in day and brown. If we ever had an honest election in day to brown since I've been here. I don't think so. I don't believe it. I do not believe it. I'm thinking back to all the dead people ever. Photon and Dave County was either swars running around in his bathroom to in a morning. Not going on people's doors asking for the move from. Yeah. Kind of like your normal candidate does. All the dead folks voting people going to jail for that. Metro rail totally totally bogus fixed election. The Mickeyerson arena, which all night. That was another one. All night long. It was losing. Then all of a sudden. But I'm banging. There it is. No problem at all. I'm not a being on pull on the string. And of course, you know, our old good close personal friend there. One, many, yet another train monkey. Yeah, right on a shoulder. They're like a parrot or train monkey. All he needed was the organ grinder. We haven't had an honest election in this town in a cone zade. How much has since since the hecoon won the first time. Remember they will he coon? We'll never forget. And I think those were fixed too. But those were fixed for a good guy. We like the old he coon. We remember how he died. Yeah. He was on his exercise bike that George gave him for his birthday. Yeah. And all of a sudden. Oh, yeah. That's why I don't use it. You're not fooling me. You're not fooling me all these summertime shows. Yeah. The old man died. I'm moving in. I can work real cheap. Yeah, from what I'm hearing about your new contract, you'll continue to work real cheap. Okay. So don't get too excited about it. Look at us votes pouring in man on this poll. This is hell, hell raisin. 1071 votes. Watch it. The punishment be for more Howard David sucking up to the enemy. Fox sports yesterday when I'd grow test call. He made to tell me Bruno if you missed it earlier. We played it because we got the promo from our good friends over there at Fox. Which we have many. And let me say it again. They hate him worse than we do. Is that possible? They despise that man. And any rate that he calls it and to the enemy. Suck it around with how great the show is Tony Bruno. Which just happens to be on opposite the show. At some of you know, I'll tell you. Sports luckies. By the way, nice game again, Ray Lucas. So anyway, here's the vote. Who's more Howard David in 122? 33%. Fires old ass 96. Steelers 2 pay 65. He gets raped it by the whole staff. 34. No penalty gets a gold star in a purple jelly bean 20. Banishing from Paradise 20. And he gets raped by freaky Carlisves up to 14. 371 votes is not even 11 o'clock yet. How do you like that? Fly and local. Here's Sports 20. 56. You a. Brilliant. Done as dirt. And O'Lisa. Congratulations. Everyone, movey. With your fucking yellow teeth so far apart. Come to Lisa. Come to Lisa. Come to Lisa. What you be doing. Get me a match just like that. Broken, smart stuff. Is you day goes you are at home. But if you need food. Is you to black and you're not here. Who is smart? Does they like? Are you sure they're shoes? Come to Lisa. On the way you wash and pop the white is cold. Jody Junior said he trust you. God believe you. I am not good. You tell her allies of the greedy oil low. But then he make you clear all the white house baslo. Another train mugging. The pussy, the toilet and then scrub the floor. They tell you you don't wear sandals. God believe you. How cold she stole their mace and wall of rich and youth. You're not being naked. You smack it, you feel cold. If you'll be what you'd be let go of his blue moon. On the wild you'll be fickened fat cake. You may be alive. That they treat you just like your as the roe. That's when your head will move from side to side. Dr. Lilla. It's too much and from here. They be crackle asshole. Oh my god, tell Reverend Jones something. You're gay. But anyway, then knowing moved to Kansas City. That's why I didn't see him in the track last night. Two questions that says first did you ever get any confirmation of the call last week that said how our day was behind the initial Schmidt's during with Fox News? No, we did not. Second, without me to sound like an altar cocker, I heard you mentioned that you spoke to Tena as an effect on your pulse rate. Could you explain just a little more things? It's a great product for your heart. Your body produces coke you ten, but naturally, but as you get ordered produces less. And they found that coke you ten is extremely important to the health of your heart. Long with your gum, it's by the way. Oh, that's important. See here we talk about that sometime ago. Gum health and your heart. I've got lovely gum. By the way, also my I doctor yesterday said I'm lovely. I said you have a how about my eyes. Anyway, coke you ten and if you don't believe me, start popping something you'll discover. And I'm not talking about like 30 or 60 milligrams a day. I'm talking about 150, 200 milligrams a day. And you'll know, of course, a lot of people don't take their pulse rate or their blood pressure. They go to the doctor for stuff like that, which is really stupid. But you'll see the tremendous of me almost immediately affect has brain and that pulse rate. Well, how many people have blood pressure or stick moment? Why not? No, no, you don't have to have the big one. I have the one that goes on your wrist. The one or how limp it is. Yeah, the little limp wrist monitor, what those wrong with that? And then of course you get the prick on the end of your finger. That's what Jim Stork said. PS is this a factor. Why can't you call out drugs as the self-hating fact that he is? I thought I already did that. He's such a notorious queen. There's no way he's even going to do it. There are contested the fact. I don't think he does. I've had enough of the juice for Hitler and Lawcaven. Thanks. Me too. I'm sick of it. Sick of that. Just like I've facted my close personal friend. Lynn Samios here. That he was also good buddies with that self-hating queen. I had drugs. I facted that note to where I said our emailed rather. I said I've had it with the right wing self-hating. I think he's like the Alice Rand tells of the world. And what's the guy's name there on? What is his name? Andrew Sullivan. Another one. Self-hating Faggot. Here's another fact that says, Neil, the fix is in. I went to my place to vote this morning before getting the machine. My local pool had me along with everyone else. Place our signatures in pencil. Doesn't illegal signature have to be an ink? What do you expect from Dave County? By the way, happy birthday. Thank you. Thank you. Go penguins. How many goals do you think? I think I might go to that game tomorrow night. I'm going to go to my first Panther game in a season because there's a team worth while watching play and it's not the Panthers. It's Mario and the suddenly hot penguins. Here's this long facts about Republicans and blacks and convincingly not the books. I don't have time for the whole thing. Especially on my birthday. I'm not going to do all that on my birthday. Maybe we can read it together. Not the last paragraph's worth reading. It says, in short, it's not time yet to celebrate the end of Republican racial politics. Conservative Republicans may be paying more attention to black voters than in the past. And they may be smiling as they speak. But when this mask of warmhearted concern is drawn aside, the GOP strategy is still aimless of creating diverse black political participation than trying to persuade black Americans to participate as little as possible. Let's hope it fails. Here that last line to persuade black Americans to participate as little as possible. Let's the on-modeous upper end on. Convince you folks, the dark folks, the liberals are your enemy. They're racist. They're a bunch of cracker assholes. Don't be voting for anybody. That's the attempt. Who's in on the bat line now? Jeff Cohnhead. Jeff Cohnhead. Hey. How come you don't have that banner playing up there saying, Vote McBride? Because I don't make a business in politics. Well, let's start doing it right now. Vote McBride. So says Neil Rogers. Spokesman for the pizza law. Okay. That's it. So consider it done. Okay. Thanks. You're not getting older. You're getting better. Yeah. Yeah. So what's going on, dude? Nice game last night by the way, by your team. Yeah, I still feel like crap. You should. You should. I'd be embarrassed in humiliating. I'm surprised you're in trouble. I want the best teams in the league. I bet what? It's they're one of the best teams in the league. It's not just a question of one of the best teams in league. It's a question of the caliber of the performance. That was that was pathetic. You want to have a bad game at the end of the year. They're going to be first place in the league. Oh my god. This man must be doing magic mushrooms on his pizza. Great Lucas couldn't beat Piper High School at the Game of Thrones. Great. Ray, are you what game are you watching? What game are you watching? What is the interception? Oh my god. How about when he went back to passion and ball all the way up there. Oh, he's not happening to everyone, including. Not in a dry field. You don't see that. You see it in a snow. You see it in a rain. You don't see it on a dry field. His performance was so soft. A mark there are 16 year old kids that could have made him look like a crab. I don't bet I'm ball games. My life is more important than wearing a West Super ball game. I don't know. I'm a very important spokesman for important causes like perversion like you are. Speaking of that, I had a rumor here yesterday. Yeah, speaking of perverts, yeah. He's a demon head lunch. Oh, I'm sure he did. Not necessarily in that order. Okay. Yeah. How about my good friend Al Ghulstein? You're good buddy. That's right. We don't talk about him right now because of that thing, George. Oh, really? So like I said, pretend I didn't ask that question. All right. How about George is good close personal friend? He's the same. He's just amazing. He just keeps trucking along. Yeah, well, he'll die someday. Yeah, well, don't we all. Yeah, that's my plan. Have a good time getting there. Yeah. Okay. And so what are you doing special for your birthday? Nothing. I'm doing absolutely nothing. I had my big celebration at Poppeto Park last night. I made my contribution from Monday night. That was it. Okay. When you get to me this age, if you won't be celebrating birthday, Zeezeezee, you'll be looking for a sympathy card. Good. I ain't that far behind. Well, you know, you're a long ways behind. You got a long run to catch me. All right. Well, you know, that's how it goes. I had a good one last year. I wanted to best of my life actually. How about the birthday? That's what I'm talking about. Uh, now how's business? It's a new joint. Doing very good. It's good. Very good. I want to save the power of power of Neil is working for a new day. Every week, he gets a little busier. I'm just trying to figure out how to get some signage out on the front. Think about a rent one of those little mini cranes that people used to paint. You better understand where you are. I'm going to say, right, better. You want to get rid of it because you're in plantation. If you start taking with these sign polis, they'll have you out of there in no tele. But if it's a crane in the parking lot, how about you know, that's nothing. How about a whopping crane? Some girls up there and tee back. Or maybe just a key post. I have Bob Crane. Lots of progress. I'm going to go over the line. Right. Works for me. Okay. Whatever. Whatever it takes. You know, the old slogan, whatever it takes. The bad news is that our good friend Marcy got screwed over in Walgreens there and She got shipped off to the Walgreens and brought Boulevard. Oh, man. I thought that was off straight now. It is. You told, no, I mean, when you guys were there eating that. Oh, no, this happened against since we saw you. Really? She called me at home practically in tears. They really, you stalked it to her was terrible. Corporate America, baby. Yeah. I'm going to be taking all of my business. You obviously me shopping in that Walgreens anymore. If I'm driving in that parking lot, it's coming to you, by the way. All right. Sounds good to me. I'll be looking forward to you soon. I'll see you soon. I'll see you. Thanks a lot, Jeff. What do you say? 10 past 11 at 5. 60 WQA. And while we cover all the faces when he calls us, yeah, we didn't get into the pencil to an anal vibrate. He had to guess the sail on it until till during the holidays. Yeah, we got, we got like a kit. It's got a, it's got a cross for Christmas. It's got a draidel in there for Hanukkah and a pencil thin anal vibrator for both. For celebrating the holidays in real good style. What's wrong with a pencil thin anal vibrator? You have all people shouldn't be laughing. Or either that or we can give these away at the peat. That's not exactly pencil. The big black unit, man. I'll tell you this thing. And boy, look at the way that thing bobs around man. Wow, that thing is dangerous. Screw out of a saw that. This building would explode. Give it to you that right now. You don't want to say. Wow. Bring back memories of a good buddy. Roy. He probably ain't far away. He's probably hanging it hanging out somewhere. 10 past 11 at 5. 60. See we replaced Roy with Troy, which was a good move in the right direction. That was excellent. Troy's grandfathered our ball headed. He's got like a way look at his look. I've never seen Troy's grandfather. I've never seen the red Lucas. Same skin head. Same complexion light complexed. They looked the same from the top and the bottom. He's been going to that. How about start poppin some only made in your post. Somebody just asked me about coke. You 10 guess what? I've been telling you about only a minute till I'm blue when the face from talking about it. Only a minute is to pen this bunch of formulas that are scientifically designed to help different parts of your body and your health. And now they got three new formulas. One to help you sleep. One to help you control your weight and coke you 10. I'm not making that up either. I'm a big believer in supplements. But especially coke you 10 aren't there's anything else you can take other than maybe nice in which you make your flush. But other than that, there's nothing else you can take that you see such a dramatic and quick resultant. So if you're a good one, you can get a coke you 10 you need it. Believe me. All of these products using the benefits of the finest purest on a boy you'll find anywhere. So only that's an exciting new product. And help your health. And if you want to pick some up you can do it at public records and Walgreens. But make sure you're picking shoes which one. For more information call Oliomet tool free at 1-866-Oliomet. That's 1-866-665-36633. You can also order their products online at oligomedamerica.com. And if you visit nearest public and vinyl. You can get a coupon for a free Larry Coke or Babelhead doll. Also applies last. Don't forget to visit their sampling pavilion at Sports Town every Sunday with an offensive playing home games. You know those dolphins that are going to go into the EFC. Pick up free Oliomet samples and product information and for better health start poppins of Oliomet today. My life and love. This is 4356. We're doing it. Alleen Mackano. This is Joba In The Voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs, and you're listening to the Hockey Authority, New Y WHY! We're all here, my little duckie. My little duckie might've got sort of a piece of ffc fancy CKL, MN, ot Oh, triple triple, little star, I want to wonder where you are, Jack and Jill, when the person is the best of you to fit your feeling. I don't get it. 11.16 at 5.60 at WQA. You get it? No. Oh. You'll go on. Happy birthday. Many happy returns of the day. Is there any coincidence that Moe is pimping fox that you made your harassment from fox? I don't know. How do you like that? That's certainly going to be a conspiracy theory that somebody conspiracy theories are going to be a pass-in-around. By the way, how come foxes go in after HBO and a program Kirby and Thusi has a blurry David? They had a hilarious episode where Larry David's got a discussion with a black rapper who calls him my nigger over and over again. Then Larry David responds to the rapper so now you my call, Cation, right? I guess that's no problem. Right? Right. Keep rubbing it. The rosary needs to. If he ever provides his rage. We got about a half dozen people vote over for McBride already. That's not bad. There's another one. Happy birthday this morning. I went to Voting Day County and I wore a GMT shirt. They didn't even check my ID. The good news of a former Bride sticking to it. How do you like that? That's it. Little subterfuge. By the way, here's a bulletin Justin. All future elections in Florida. You're only going to be allowed to vote for people named Bush. Yeah. They just passed that while we were looking the other way. We're worried about the pigment. Only going to be allowed and they'll keep it simple that way. Then we don't have to get so confused. If it says, Bush, just push it. Push it. Push, push. Here's what it says. I went to Voting South Miami at 9 a.m. was out by 9.15 a.m. no problem. Don't know if my electronic votes were counted or electronically raised to all shangans. If when I was pretty smooth, vote a yes at a moment. 6 second hand spoke. I'm sorry. I don't agree with that. I agree with it in principle, not but not good for business. It's actually in a tourist oriented state. Not good for business and for little business people. Not good. voted no on the pig of my matured by 8 when high-pingers daughter. What a waste of humanity in the daughter to it says. P.S. you're my not named 1 p.m. guy in snitch. It's my 3 to 6 p.m. I do both of you guys by the radio and the web. But for chuckle check out schmit snitch. More snackers are photos on his website. To see what local celebs captured previously hanging with the snackers. Okay. Let's see. Let them. I already saw that. Let them down. I saw that. Nick Christau. Let's see. I hate the George Arafar Rodriguez. Avi. Avi. A lot of our due people. Hate you. You'll think you're concerning with him. Paella Stunians. And you're right by the way, Avi. Can't help her. Here's John who said in Boko says happy birthday show is great. You're on fire, haven't heard any fat rich to raise lately. We appreciate your hard work. And also P.S. we voted the Bush mice around of office this morning. Just him and his buddies voted him out which is good. Good to hear. Well, he any fat rich story. You don't fat rich for money. My mother. Yeah, that's about it. He's okay. He's trying to get the swelling down a little bit. Let's say here's a Julio says first happy 60th birthday. If I may be sarcastic for a moment in third world countries. And we got the third world country monitors here. By the way, that's not a joke. And they'd count. They're here monitoring today's election. Oh, my god. Let me tell you right now. So when a mad dog, you know, sometimes people think he's a real comedian. But when he says only in the banana republic, baby, only in Miami is not whistle and out his ass. I'll tell you that. Anyway, it's his third world countries. People are mostly illiterate. Well, I hear people vote by placing an X next to the color of the party. So if you want to vote for the Democratic candidates, look for the red color and press the O'Place D. X for the Republican candidate for the but now you got a backward for the blue color. Bluest for the Democrat. Well, whatever. And place your access. We'll avoid voter confusion. That's not bad. That's kind of the USA today approach the voting. Nice colorful stuff. We can relate. What do you do about people are color blind? Let's see. Easy to fix. But you just have one of the poll workers cast a vote for him. You know, somebody named Booch. In fact, how about Barbara Booch? Maybe she can run for something like grandma of the year. How many votes we got on a mobile today? People really fired up about this. What should be the punishment for more Howard David it? Sucking up to the enemy Fox sports with a call in the Tony Bruno on here during our show yesterday during our high rated high price show. Old prick. Here's the results. 432 votes is not even on the 30 or we're going to 432 votes. And he's looked like they're real. Who's more Howard David 143? Fire is old ass 109. Oh, 109. That's interesting. Our election. They have PT 109. I remember. Or we could play 409 by the beach boys. Still his two pays 71. He gets raped in it by the whole staff 41. That's both stations by the way Fox and QAM. Venetium from Paradise 27. No penalty gets a gold standard of purple generally. It's jelly bean 25. And he gets raped in it by freaky carl is only 16. We're really just way out. They need to see him or there would be more votes for that. See who freaky carl is? Yeah. Oh. That's our close to lunch. What is waste basket is just overflowing. Man. It's a lot of stuff. It's a lot of stuff. It's a lot of stuff. All of these are just pouring in today. Let's see. Jim Bush is the Florida's can lay is to end wrong. Well, I might have to read that one. Not good. Here's what says high Neil in George. The people in the country like I said yesterday, keep this in mind. Okay. Those of you in IQ larger than four. Most of the people in this country are stupid. Because they're dumb, unenformed, stupid, ignorant, illiterate. Believe me, there's plenty of people going to vote for Democrats. They are a number than sawdust. And the other way around as well. Dumb. In addition to it, you combine that with the fact that when you see all these shenanigans going on, and people already reporting that the, these new, unfangled expensive machines are screwed up and dicking around with their vote. What, what incentive is there really for people to go to vote? You know? Just a bunch of rich assholes depends on which one you stick in there. You try to preserve your, uh, a few of your rights if you haven't even left. That's some money. Oh, uh, anybody got any of that left? No, I don't think so. Eight years of unmatched prosperity. All the good stuff that happened, and one of the, just like Bush said, the Swedish guy. Can't believe they put me in there. Anyway, they didn't. Oh, and speak of that. I'm right. Do you guys to get the article Neil made reference to when he spoke about the comments and elected official made a Swedish official without knowledge of conversation being recorded? It was information. It was right against peace and prosperity. Please fast to information too. It's said, when someone attention Roger, I don't have that anymore. Hey, you get me. Sorry, Roger. That's for me. Yesterday's stuff. I mean, get serious. David says, oh, your former bad boy at publics. I wonder which one. Send a picture, David. It's probably old and ugly now. Says just wishing you the best in your birthday. Hope those in you for another 20 years. Your former bad boy at publics loving kisses David. Nice, probably. How old is David? Old enough. Anyway, what else we got? I hear just a just a pouring in here pouring. Oh, what would Betty do? What would Jesus do? That's a good question. They WJSD. Election day. What would Jesus do? Election day. What he vote for, jab? No. Not a Chinatman's chance. Well, we use that expression all the time. I say, let's run a Chinatman for office here. See what I might fool the hell out of you. I put a different slide on the whole election. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. So what was the ponytail talking about? That was a two hour blow job. WQAM. QAM, hello. Oh, yes sir. Yes, what is it? What is it? What is it? Hey, what he? I have the birthday to you. Thanks, Woody. Why do you sound like you're on another planet? I'm in my car. That's a good reason I guess. How was the Enrique concert? How to go? I was fabulous. He really put on a great show. That's even an hour. Even a Harold wrote nice things about him, which is almost unheard of. Right, but he really, I mean, I was very enjoying it. It was a very enjoyable show. Yeah, I was totally entertained. Now, did you get to see him naked after the show when he was showering up and lathering up and everything? No, but I got to breathe the same air as on a corner co-la. Oh, oh, no comment. She has some really nice legs. Yeah, she's got tree trunks. She's a dichuatry trunks is what the rumor is. Well, that's good. I heard it wasn't sold out though, which is a little disappointing to me. Yeah, well, it was a little disappointed. It wasn't sold out, but there still was a lot of people there. Yeah. And everybody else heard that you gave our listeners no bleed seats up there that they had to get oxygen to enjoy the show. Not what not that, but hate the price was right. Yeah. But you know, you did a great job helping us. I really appreciate that. Well, that's good. In Rechase, my man. He had the Shirley Brooks call and invite me personal to go. But you know, the race track always takes presents with me. I'm pretty good. Everybody try to have their priorities. Yeah. On that. But yeah, here's, you're going to go to one of the Panther games finally. Could be. Yeah. I went to the Monday night with Atlanta, which is in one of the long-go-play. He was on college and he was great. He played all over the place. But this is guy, but Jeff's gear, something else? Yeah. Hank, when Jeff's gear used to play for the Cubs about 50 years ago. That guy is like, eat from, I mean, each, eat works and, well, we're out. Well, don't start with hockey top. We're having a really good show here today. What was it up you came in or killed with those tickets yesterday? We were, you're show, you're as in weekend would say you are show stopper. Yeah. Thanks, Woody. Thanks a lot. Thanks for the memories. Take care. See, I'll call her anymore. Uh, oh, man. Oh, and you never believe this. You won't believe it unless you already heard about it. Guess who showed up here out in the front desk one day while you were off last week. And one of the come in here. It was embarrassing. Showed up just out there at the reception desk. Somebody, I know. Let me give you a clue. Johnny, I said, hey, I told. Let me guess. You okay. How many guesses do you need? And you didn't let it in? No. What the hell do I want? You're him and your friend. What were you doing? What? To do another hour on the show. Oh, my god. You think Woody's boring? You think that Richard Friedman with that call yesterday is a show stopper? Johnny, dark. I'm out of like Johnny. See, that's another thing. I don't let that interfere. But he's our co-worker. This is the life we have chosen. Okay. I don't let it interfere. I'm not going to feed him first of all because I'm not doing that very much. Because we got the food from the black sack. That's number one. And number two, he's coming here. It's a downerspect to be on the air. I don't want him anywhere. But he's our wife. I don't want anybody in here while I'm doing the show. He's uh, and we can maybe. Okay. And we can. But it might be, you know, our co-wet. It's hard to talk with your mouthful. Johnny, dark. Is any one of our pies on his nose? Although based on what every kid tells me it certainly wouldn't keep my eye on him. Oh, and guess what? He's got a small penis. Clarence. What do you told you that? Yes. He's a tall guy with long fingers. He's Jewish. I see. That was his excuse. He said he's hung up like a butterfly. Maybe that's why he can't keep late. I'm maybe just biting those girls on the arm and doing all those grotesque ugly things and the fact that he smells bad. But you know, the fact that he's got a very tiny penis. Which I thought it was pretty upstanding for a sports nerd guy like him who's got to be part of that crowd. You know, to be saying that because, you know, you got a real tiny penis and locker with all the sports nerd. They laughed their ass off at you. Yeah. Although Mad Dog told me Joe Rose is hung like a flee. 27 after 11 and he would know it was guys showered together a lot. I'm not talking about ball games. I'm just talking about in general. 27. Yeah. After 11 at 5. 60 WQM, you know, Max is shopping. Forget about it. Just pick up the phone. I don't have to go through all the verbal foreplay here and tell you that in the old days, it was a real pain in the arse. Drive it around going from bending to departments to trying to figure out who's going to the best deal. Who's got the best goods? Don't know my business got the best goods in the world. I got the top names. They got served as Seely Simmons King Coral. The greatest manufacturers in the history of the mattress business. So if your mattress is lumpy and bumpy and worn out in smells like maybe nasty like to jam. Or maybe smells worse than most bag. Here's the answer called 1-800 mattress right now. They'll be the knock on on you during any time it's convenient for you. Between noon and two, one and three, two and four, etc. Even on Shivouis because when it's convenient for you and eight to our window seven days a week, that's when they show up on time. They take away the crappy old vetting and set up the brand new one for you. And they give you the 30 day in home comfort guarantee so you can test it out the only intelligent way by guess what? Sleep in on it. What a concept. So call them today and black I said you'd be sleeping like a baby in no time at all. 1-800 mattresses that under the call for dial a mattress. 1-800-MATTR-ES or check them on on the web at mattress.com And look all this is for 3-056. 2-012-A-M. Time! It's not a heaven-eye stay but stay the whole way okay. You're okay but stay. Don't lie. All the hard burn. Don't go, don't. Every time I see. Don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go. I'm a TV. You're a heat president. Don't go, don't go. You're a heat president. Don't go, don't go. Republic it muscle this and in our kingdom it is. I don't go wild. They won't want you to die but no need to do. The airpers' clothes are there for you. With president thumbs up. You're a little bit... I don't know what I can do. You've got clothes on small and get to we've all voted more. Here you are, this. Don't go, don't go. It's running, sleeping. Don't go, don't go. When is your own good rich kid? Don't go, don't leave it. Don't worry than me. You're a heat president. Don't go, don't go. You're a don't care what it is. You've got to me and buy her from the wrong. You've got to break me down. You've got to break me down. Oh, with president thumbs up. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. Man knows. Man knows what. Tell you, always say it comes to come in what? Eighties? Three, I'm sorry. Come in, 20s? Guess who died? Well, I need a hint. Lost in space. Oh, no, that's your lock heart. No. I would've said, Lassy. For June lock heart. That's the professor. Jonathan Harris. Oh, no. Jonathan Harris, the flame boy, Lee Fussi, active, portrayed the dasturly, cowardly antagonist. Dr. Zachary Smith, on the 60s sci-fi, sure lost in space, has died. He died? He was 87. That's old enough. Harris died Sunday from a blood clot in his heart while receiving therapy in an Enceano area hospital from a chronic back problem. How do you like that? Family spokesman Kevin Burns, have you yesterday? Born Jonathan, chair us. Oh, boy. Chair us, Sucen. In the Bronx to Russian Jewish immigrant parents. Oh, see, you don't like him as much anymore. He was Jewish. Harris adopted the stage for a son of this. Doffy and Jewish. Harris adopted the stage for a classically trained British actor with his grand eloquent accent crisp pronunciation and professorial manner. What did my phone? The hotline number. For one celebrity call. Oh, something to like. Are we going to start with that again? You know how I feel about that? Somebody would like. Burf days and anniversaries, man. You all that reviews to set up those can drive calls. Oh, boy. Talk about the insincere kind of like Al Gore. You know what I'm saying? I'm saying disingenuous. I don't see the hotline ringing by the way. When people would ask him if he was from England, Harris would confess, oh, no, my dear, just affected. He said burns a long time friend and director of the 1990 documentary, Lost in Space Forever. He also worked with Pixar Animation Studios in recent years, supplying the voice of many, the praying mantis magician in a bugs life, and the elderly dog repairman in Toy Story 2. Well, there's the bat line. Hello. Hello. Yes. Yes. Happy birthday. Thanks. Hey. Hey. You sound like you're at a tunnel somewhere. I'm here with movers. Otherwise, I'd be there to wish you happy birthday. Are you moving into your new place? I've got movers coming into the house. Great. Well, listen, after this election, you might want to change it as the nation. I was thinking of maybe the West Coast. Yeah. Happy, uh, I welcome to the over-the-hell gang. Oh, that's right. You're a little bit ahead of me. Just a little bit. I think there's somebody who's ahead of both of us, by the way. Um, hello. Oh, it's that. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. In fact, I would be, I think we already did that poll. Who's the oldest of them all? No context. So how about now? Now, you did the thing couple years ago with your buddy Romey, which, you know, we looked the other way. We, uh, you know, just like, but I gotta tell you something. That was, uh, that was not contrived. No. You know, plan. And then you didn't work with the SPN and he asked me to do it. Right. Frankly, it was thought was something far because Yes, it was. Don't do it again. But, but to make a long story, sure. Now have you been listening to this thing we've been playing today? Yeah. Yeah. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. And even then he took a shot. Yeah. No Howard David, they're calling it. In fact, we know something as much as he despises being called. I mean, we can give him, he can be a celebrity in all the stages that Mark and start talking about, more Howard David. I think put him right on the map. I don't know what his problem is. I'm giving him like billions and dollars of pre-publicity. And he's a belly of kind of about it. I don't get it. I always accept it. So how do you like to, and you know something like I said, you're good friend because I know you hear your close Joe? We had a nice chat out here yesterday. See, that's the difference. Joe knows it's business, not personal. And he understands what it's all about. He was too happy for a few years today. I'd be like that. Always like Joe. Yep. Not on the years so much. No, it's been seriously. It's not there's a difference. But anyway, how about that game last night, huh? Well, I called it. Did you? Yeah. She went and comes to my wallet. Yeah, I don't have those, you know. Right. I don't know. I broke your feeling. Right, exactly. Well, and I wonder what kind of game. What, and maybe I'm wrong. I don't know. I didn't see all of it. I saw some of the track and then I saw less the quarter and a half at home. But people are telling me, look, it's played a great game. I mean, he threw some good passes. But we haven't had a great game. Is that does not mean throwing a few good passes. And then like playing like that. I can't compare it to the last one. Yeah, which isn't saying much. He's, you know, he got you to read towards him. He made a couple real bad throws again. You know, they had four, you know, they turned up all over too many times. Wasn't all his fault. No. But not in this way. He wasn't the only culprit. No, but he sure did his part. Yep. And Chris Carter, exactly, lighted up either last night. No, but, uh, pretty much. You could apply that to the rust. I think Paul Warfield's coming back next week in Danny. Danny and Paul. What's wrong with that? Um, yeah. That wouldn't be so bad. I, they might shock the hell out of you. I'll tell you that right now. Well, and why, and why is it, the dolphins? I don't know. Maybe it's everywhere, but they look at now. For example, when the patriots were down here, I mean, they, I said they missed the bus. They didn't show up. They played a terrible game. Why is it that dolphins can't do that and say, hey, we stock is opposed to all the excuses. But I, but I don't get that. Maybe they don't get that. You know something green based good. They're the only one. And nobody beats that team up there, particularly when it's cold. So why is everybody so shocked? I wasn't shocked. I called it two weeks ago. I just told you it was going to no chance. They could have a problem again this week. And to be honest with you, Green Bay really, I don't know, they kind of coasted it a little bit. They could have had about 45 points in that game last night. Yeah, they're very good. They really are. No, anyway, I was thinking about you. I'm sitting here with you. Watch me. You guys move my stuff in. And the light is for you. Oh, you are moving your moving in. Yeah. Excellent. So, yeah, hopefully, you'll be finished in a couple of weeks. But you're still in date, County though. Oh, yeah, I'm on the edge. Proving that nothing is perfect. Just close enough to make a quick escape like here at work. I'm right by the ocean. You have your an oven. Even in a boat. You can fight the incoming traffic. Maybe you can borrow one of those rafts from the Haitians. They're not going to eat it. That's a fight. You can come. Now, I want to give you because I know you're already aware what you're going to be dealing with this act. And known for a couple of hours. And that is the beat. Don't you think that there's a conspiracy against the hurricanes? No, no, no. Now that they've dropped to number three. Hank wants to talk. Well, I have to know about what are we going to do about the BCS conspiracy. Yeah, I can sleep that for any cap. Well, he loves that. Okay. Thanks, Hank. See you later. Thank you. Okay. It was Hank with a bad connection there. It sounded like he was rising his new place. Sound like he was lost in space in the basement. Yeah, sound like he was, no, man. Anyway, so Richard, what's his name? Richard Harris died the other day. See, that was a 40-inch slip. Richard Harris died. And then who was the one we had yesterday? Which had just got through talking about a little while ago. I know. I can't think of who was. And now we got Jonathan Harris from Austin Space. It was great. Always comes in three. He was funny. Him and the robot. He was no writing McDowell. He was no built money. You know, writing McDowell? Yeah, he's dead. Yeah, have it to the best of us. Twenty-two noon at five, sixty-wq. And we got to Mad Dog at one hankle beyond a three. We're talking about that BCS pool. Five to six. You got Patrick Sir Tan. That's Mr. Sir Tan, do you? We've got a good tan. And then you got what he got. Sixth or eight third. He heard Koon Hotline. And what are we going to do again? What are we going to do about that BCS pool now? All right, Koon. In an eight third, you got to big. Because we have absolutely nobody else to put on here. And those hours, any K from GA will be talking about the over's and under's in the ins and outs. And Joe and Mark overnight. So Joe and Mark played the Howard called the fox. Well, he said he was gonna talk to him. Well, let's find out if he had the ball to do it. Okay, because he's the one person to play. Who's been eight while of them. Gildy, who does it for survival sake? But other than that, he's the one person to play. Because we've even sucking on it all the bag. You know what I mean? Only from like, 4.30 on. In fact, the rumor has it around a building that today that most bags slipped off the edge of the chair there. That Joe is the one that, like, mopped it up. Like that. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Just like that. Oh my god. Well, it's good thing we don't have TV today. What a right before lunchtime. Sam, try and help you guys lose weight. Let's face you even here about fast train for a long time for a Koon Zayj on a show. That's right, you're Koon Zayj. And the fact, and what is the Koon Zayj when it comes right down to it? 20. Oh. Well, in fact, it's simple. If you have the dedication fast train will provide you with the necessary train to become a certified computer professional. In other words, get out of your dead end job working at minimum wage, working for a crap dollars, working for some jackass. According to Time Magazine, the man for a computer for officials will continue to explode. The average student completes the training in just four short months of 10, and school three nights a week. Once you've completed your certification fast train will help you obtain your new computer job fast train advice you to come in and visit their train career counselor and check out which track is ideal for you. Is it Lincoln Downs? Is it near again? Is it Suffolk Downs? Is it rocking him park? Call fast train toll free at 1-8-6 fast train to set up your appointment. Is it seminal Downs in Orlando? All the tracks I just mentioned are all the business. With four convenient locations, Kendall, Miami, Pembroke, Piz and Fort Lauderdale, there is bound to be a fast train nearby you. And don't forget to ask the queer counselor for us to students like yourself or are currently in their dream jobs. So call them today called fast train toll free 1-8-6 fast train. That's 8-6 fast train or check them out of that word wide wicked web at fast train.com. I'm the local of this year's 5-16. The radio is on your side. You ain't... Never know who will call Tony Bruno on 9-40 Fox Sports Radio. How was David? Voice of the Miami Dolls. I met by looking at you guys every day. You guys are doing a hell of a job. It's fun to listen to and all Brian. I mean the whole thing you guys are doing is great. What? Did I hear that right? That's up to date. I looked at you guys every day. You guys are doing a hell of a job. It's fun to listen to and all Brian. I mean the whole thing you guys are doing is great. Wow. Even Mohour David listens to Tony Bruno on 9-40 Fox Sports Radio. Exactly. Music Fox News Header. We're the elective fuck you. Whoa yeah. Fox News Header. We're the elective fuck you. We're the elective fuck you. You're a fine looking man. Just end the perfect little Nazi. I want to clip their coffee through your soil panties. This starting you is looking sluggish. It's sweet. Nothing your lips like an. Colors roast me. Fox News Header. We really like to fuck you. You're a good man. Fox News Header. Whoa we really like to fuck you. We really like to fuck you. You have a thing about your adolescent. To the pitch. You want a touch. Three wait. Three wait. You're right. You're right. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. Don't be so picky. Proves butt between your phone. I'll set in taste like bubble gum. See you next time you need a story. It doesn't take sense. It's a good thing you've come. Fox News Header. We really like to fuck you. Okay. Fox News Header. We really like to fuck you. Okay. It's a 12th of June at 5.60. Oh. WDQAM. Do ball voting troubles continue. Though they opened on time. Travels with a new voting machines at number of precincts in Do ball County. Provided many ballots from being counted. Though now we're told the problem has been resolved. This is a summit just facts to me. From Jacksonville's WOKV dot com. Among those precincts affected was the Murray single-denseenia center. Oh. The precinct that the most travel on primary day. Curene Brown, congressional candidate. Was our rage at the problems of the polls and told WOKV. News. She was aware of similar problems of precinct 100. Both of these polls are heavily African-American precincts. Uh-oh. And she wondered why those precincts seem to have the most problems. How do you like that? Because we can't imagine who they'd be. We're voting for reports from around the city suggests the problem is more widespread than just those precincts. We received similar reports from at least four other polling sites. It says that we understand all machines are now online and processing ballots. Whether they're doing it right or not, we don't know. Supervisor of elections office tells WOKV. News that in those cases where a ballot won't process, they'll set these ballots aside and try again after the polls close at 7 p.m. The turnout so far is about as expected with short lines of many precincts. In other words, media occurs. But the dark folks for some strange reason, it must be just a coincidence, OK? It must be just a coincidence, but keep in mind like the Fox News and our good friend Heather Keep telling you, it's us liberals are again you, dark folks, OK? We're the bad folks there to good folks. They just want to keep you safe by keeping you at home. Watch them interim coach for Spartans, uh-oh. Michigan State Football Coach Bobby Williams was fired yesterday two days after the embarrassing Spartans dropped the 36 with their worst loss in 55 years. Who cares? Williams won a four-black coach. Uh-oh, uh-oh. When a four-black coach is Jesse and going to be happy with this. Among the 117 schools in the visual one, a football was informed of the firing, after yesterday's practice by a letter to record Ron Mason. A offensive coordinator Morris Watts was appointed interim head coach on Sunday Jeff Smoker's family and honestly suspended quarterback his battling substance abuse and his sought help. That's why his name is Smoker. What's that smokeer we got in here? Richard Smoker. Richard does. Is it Mr. Richard Smoker you? Who now is Mr. Richard Smoker? Some fact. Now seriously. Who is that smokeer? Who is that smokeer? Who is it? Mr. Richard Smoker. The Rappu B. Fogor. Oh. The friends know him, yeah. Who's the cigarette and coffee brand? One of those pipe smokers that mow gets all upset about. The same day, tailed back to wine moss was dismissed from the team after being arrested in the accused of dragging a police officer with his car following a traffic stop. Both Smoker and Moss were captains. A 49-3 lawsuit, Misha Genset, an adrap to Spartans, which is ranked as high as 15th season to 140. Then they saw cocaine who cares. Who cares? Just more than that same insanity of college of football. Get ready for it, Humper. They're going to really be all over you today. We're about number three. We are cursed, man. We're not blessed anymore. We're cursed. Volca Brions got his beanie with the rotating propeller on it. We're all sitting here praying. Here's the fact that says from James that dolphins are providing us with much needed comic relief. There are two words that remind me last night's performance, Gary or your premium. Ray Lucas should facts his resume the UPS right away. Happy birthday. We are blessed. Says Jay and Paul Medobe. Well, we used to be blessed Jay and our cursed. Between the fixed elections, the, uh, the things that won't. And look at that, the markets of 63 points. What a coincidence. You mark my words. You watch. Maybe not tomorrow, but in days to come. I'll have this phony pumping up of the market. All this inflated crap. You'll see what's going to go. Right down the tubes. Here's Jimmy who says happy birthday, Neil. I've been listening to you since 1988. Nobody does it better. Ah, the more Howard Gildy bits are the greatest voter from a bright Hollywood today. No problems keep playing condolisa. Maybe in an endless loop for Heather from Fox is Jimmy. Oh, I think we just had a little some special there for Heather from Fox. I'm going to play the other version of it. There's another version. Yeah. WQAM. W1st. QAM. Hello. Yes, sir. Hello. Yes, hello. Hey, Neil. Happy birthday. I'm calling. Thanks. Thank you. Thank you. I'm now in the privacy of Maryland where we get a whole lot of. Well, whatever. Yeah. A lot of shooting going on. Yeah, that too. Doc. Anyway, I usually call you from Amsterdam, but I'm leaving it two days. Oh, great. I was wondering if you could recommend a shop there to go visit and mention your name. I don't think so. No. No. No. Okay. Well, just a shot. Anyway, happy birthday. I hope you have many more. We're so glad to hear you on the radio even though it's late. Okay. To a scene. Yeah. Is there a coffee shop you could recommend? No, because I've never been in a coffee shop in my life. How do you like that? And instead of all my leggings and pleadings for you to bring me a souvenir. Oh, yeah, right. Now, seriously, I've never been in a coffee shop. This one right down the block from where I live. I tweeted they delivered to your house on the guy's on motorcycles. Unfortunately, the guy's day on motorcycles are ugly. So, you know, I can't have been coming to my house. I'm going to the pretext that I wanted to buy some crap, but. I got to do this. Take it around your abdomen. Yeah. Okay. Okay. 567 or just stick it in your back. 567. 560. 560. On the AT&T. 9. We're going to go. Man, the poles are open. Go out there and vote 20 or 30 times. And it could have do any good. I mean, the result is already a four gone conclusion. There is no, I mean, a fair election in the state of Florida. It's an oxymoron. There's no such thing. I mean, it's depressing to say that. And I don't want to discourage anybody from voting because at least you can say, well, I gave it my best shot and, you know, kill some good time. But I'm not just talking about who's going to win or who's going to lose. It's just that all the elections here are fixed. They're rigged. I mean, you go to the polling place and you cash your vote for whoever and then it comes up and says you didn't vote for anybody or you voted for the other guy. What does that tell you? You can go to the poll, wanted to vote for Al Gore and you want to put it for Pat Buchanan. What does that tell you? Huh? And that Theresa Lapura there with a goddamn butterfly baller. She still got her job. Muriam elephant. She still got her job because of her compulsion. You know what I'm saying? If she would have been a little about four shades lighter, she had a head or an ass fire right out with September 11, she'd have been, uh, uh, what an interesting date, two by the way. This past I'm talking about. She even out of there. David Lee, who happens to be white, but just incompetent, he's still in date like Henri deers later. Still bumble and things up. See no matter what, they hold date. I like they used to do what Chicago like in the 60 election at the Kennedy stole. And the last numbers that came in were from Cook County, which is Chicago because Dick Daily had the fix was in. The fix was in with Dick. And, uh, and instead of Cook County now, the last votes in the country come in from even though, we're in the Eastern Times zone. You think it would be from the upper north west from the far west from Hawaii from somewhere from the illusion islands. No, they come in from Dave County, like on September 10. How is that possible? Why is it by like 10 or 11 o'clock tonight? All the votes aren't counted in Dave County. I want to answer right now, David Lee, you're incompetent. You should have been fired. Just we're going to have no fire resists. What we're going to do because when Mo gets after you man, you've had it. Just as Carol and just as the beast asked the poor beast who not only got candid morning by Mo, but then had the ultimate indignity where our friend tried that we're fighting tooth and nail to try to keep him his food from balance for like tries to try to cut him off at the ass of past. Discussing the man loses almost 60 pounds. He's like a walking poster child. He's like the guy from somewhere. I keep forgetting his name with a Jared Jared. Yeah, I told you. I don't give me that guy like, yeah, I'm not a concentrator. Why don't either, but that's not the point. He's the poster child. He made him a lot of money. And that's the point. Here's the guy that was on the verge of death. He was a modeling tub of crap. And I mean, a wild just a modeling tub. He was like a schmoo would legs. Yeah. A schmoo would legs. And here we're saving his life. And well, we can't wait to exploit him as much as we can right now. Hey, you guys, you guys are going to be with the earrings in your business. You better get with it. Better take your girlfriend to be. See, he's already gotten screwed over enough here. Oh, pathetic. But that's this town for you know. A lot of fair weather friends. Troy. And by the way, I don't need fish. Four minutes till what he laughing about. I don't need fish. So I've heard. How could they send me seafood in there? Oh, my God. Seafood. I told you the stench just the smell of it long is enough to send me into orbit in the catatonic shock. God. Like in Boston, they're very good. They have all these open door open door open. Open, uh, outdoor work air, open air. Scared. And you walk through there. And there's beautiful produce. And there's all kinds of great like meats and steaks. And then you get to the seafood park. Oh, my God. Smell like a rosy odonal just died on a sidewalk there. Good. Golly Miss Molly. Three minutes till noon at five, 60 QA in. When you shop for quality, forward, where do you go? You go to Brandeez and Pompato Beach. Anybody knows that by now. Brandeez has been doing it for years in the same great location. 1290 North Federal Highway and Pompato Beach. Because they treat you great. They have no selection that's unbeatable anywhere. And they've got the lowest price in town. And sales holes in how to treat you right to and take good care of your featsies. So I'll move your featsies out over to Brandeez. You'll find top quality names the best in the business. Like rock ports, SAS, Spirits, Timberland Naturalizer, and lots more. And because they got such a big selection, then I'm going to say, Oh, sorry, Mr. We don't have your size and stock. Whatever you're looking for, they got it. Believe you may. They're open daily nine to nine Sundays, 10 to five. And of course, the specialist week, like they have every week. All this week at Brandeez. Take 20% off on all famous men and women's vote shoes. Only at Brandeez this week in Pompato Beach. We're supposed to be in five, 60 QAM. Time to get it on. Where are it? It be the 12th of the water. On WQA. Hey, Bac Pongolans. Come on, Pagolans. Pagolans. Go. I heard you're getting married. Hear you're getting married. What a stupid thing to do. I say it's a friend. That marriage, give me scary. Chupinos, one fine sexy baby. While ruined what you have that baby. Baby, one happy choice to be. Will make you choose you unhappy. It's a pity just as crappy for you. Because it's such to be not me. What do we have around Rului, Choke, is getting? It's an all-expense date pre-nup to a agreement. Two luxurious days of electro-shock therapy at Green Opsla, Bottom East Spa. A complete set of more delicious dishes. A fine edition to Penny Dining Room. Like wait and easy to throw. And a sunlit wood and chair. And wrapped it and perfectly balanced. For a easy lifting when breaking them over each other's back. You're gonna see a point of all. Joke, I don't want to know how he's 666. Hi, Clonanza. I'm going to make a big difference. I'm going to make a difference. I'm going to make a difference. I'm going to make a difference. I'm going to make a difference. I'm going to make a difference. I'm going to make a difference. I'm going to make a difference. I'm going to make a difference. I'm going to make a difference. I'm going to make a difference. I'm going to make a difference. I'm going to make a difference. I'm going to make a difference. Because the fix is already in. Here's the fact that says I think it's illegal to campaign within 100 feet from a polling place. So if your previous college still listening, those bush campaigners were breaking a lot of parking lot just like his son and his wife. PS have a Tom Brady birthday. Oh, I wish. I wish I'll take the nice victory. The huge smashing went over Sunday on a buffalo rather. And then of course it often embarrassing while seeing being late last night. Unless Quinoa. That's good enough. End his daughter. Joke, Bush and your mama also. Joke Bush is the Florida's Ken layest and Ron writes Tim Rosson. Error bookmark not defined. It seems Governor Joke Bush spends most of his time these days running from one place to another to refute analyses reports and pulls. That show his lack of leadership has run Florida's economy into a ditch and broken the back of our public education system. Reports from such luck when think takes is the Florida Chamber of Commerce that is. Just as Ken lay hit and Ron's fiscal mismanage of inform employees and investors, it seems our governor will go to any likes to mislead Floridians about how the state's economy has gone. From surpluses to deficits on his watch. When Joke Bush took the reins of power nearly four years ago, he spoke of lofty goals such as creating jobs, more efficient government at a world class education system, now near the end of his term or back to deficit spending, our school systems at the bottom of the national pile and government graphed as become the order of the day. After promising the most ethical administration in history Governor Bush's overseeing corruption and effortism, run a muck in his administration. It's now estimated that nearly 40% of our 48 billion dollar state budget gets kicked back in the form of contracts with private companies, many of which employ former Bush staffers. The Accountability Governor has undercut the oversight and accountability measures in our state contracts and bidding process. He's even gone so far as to cut the funding for the state auditor general and the office of program policy analysis and government accountability. To take our state so far back and only four years can only be one of two things gross incompetence or willful mismanagement. Since Enron's collapse, the company's laid off about 5,000 employees worldwide, this international scandal pales in comparison to the job losses experienced in Florida. According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics more than 161,000 jobs have been lost in Florida in the last year alone. Bush has single handedly cut more than 7,000 positions. Governor Bush has quick to pass the buck claiming terrorist order of laying for a budget woes, in spite of the fact that a revenue estimated conference demonstrates his tax cuts for Florida's wealthiest residents, Douglas Indway $672 million whole well before 911. Bush recently stuffed his terrorism budget with so many turkeys that even the Republican chair of the Senate Public Security Committee said people were laughing our faces if we'd approve some of the governor's requests such as a court of a million dollars for a satellite tracking system for cows and half a million dollar kickback to a special interest group to print pamphlets on family preparedness. The chair of the Southeast Florida Security Task Force probably would have found these requests nothing less than amusing. He has rather its families requests less than amusing. He said a reassign patrols of Florida ports because Governor Bush also caught national guard funding in spite of Florida remaining under a heightened state of alert. I suppose it somehow fitting that while Florida's retirement system lost more than any other state in the Enron debacle, Jeff personally benefited from his Enron stock. In the end, Jeff Bush has youth voted turn a profit for his friends of expensive R future, just as Ken lay used the employees and investors in Enron. In four short years, Florida has become the Enronestate government and Jeff Bush is our very own Ken lay. What a great column there, of course, that ain't good into any good because we got a bunch of people out there with closed ears and closed minds and no minds at all. It makes you realize how hopeful this is. It is when a man comes right out and says no matter what you vote on the goddamn class size amendment, I'm going to like deep six at anyway. I don't give a crap. And all you facts out there, moth I'm going to do you, too. And all you darkies out there when I can let you vote. Basic that's what it boils down to. And you'll see, you know, the fact that empowered, which is the kind of that I got a fear the most, That's where most of the problems lie. I think it's just a coincidence. No. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon line. WDQA, I'm hello. Happy birthday, Oconiol. Thank you. This is more solid, you're all friends. Hey, how you been? Good. It's all shallowed, Martialo. No, no, no more in the solid, that he tired from that industry. Good. That's definitely a man. I just wanted to tell you again, me 12 years of smiles from here to here and I just wanted to thank you for making my life enjoyable from all, in between all of. Well, thanks, Martial, what are you doing these days? I'm not a uniform company, without a much Uniform. Oh, great. by the in a teacher and to customize a uniform for you okay just make him like brown shirts stuff like that that you can yeah for you and her oh my god Marcel and closing yeah okay see that's a old childhood martial arts to bring us all those real fatning sounds but the marshmallows and oh I like that one look great that I'm brojado oh yeah brojado I have a lot of stuff in a long time here's uh little birthday present for me it's time well i don't forget smallville the night eight o'clock i mean on a cloud whatever time it's on nine night happy birthday Neil from smallville from time welling it says i went to the vote today and notice is Tracy and Boca and aside from being the only person in the room under the age of eighty five i'm twenty four quite a gap and having listened to heartless senior screaming each other for cutting in line it meant they went all right my democratic votes were counted correctly or so said to computer i had no problems maybe Boca's two stupid even to get on the jet pegs keep on keep it on it Tracy tight Tracy I'll see i'm thinking Boca they're gonna be worried about it too much because they got you know well you do have some old Jews up there Brian had no problems Brian had no problem but he had an old Jew you know what I'm saying he's just the other train monkey yeah that's all he is oh speaker that gay sheep may help explain biology of homosexuals gay sheep that may only with other rams have different brain structures from straight sheep provided i made sure that human sexuality u.s. researchers said yesterday the differences are similar to those seen in some homosexual humans but probably only go a small way to explaining causes of differential preferences but then they go over that word again i thought that word was ancient and old sexual preferences a team at Oregon health and science university be saying we're not trying to explain human sexuality by the study Charles was silly a professor of physiology and pharmacology who led the study said in a telephone interview whether this is a big component of what contributes in humans that's still debatable working with the team of US Department of Agriculture sheep experiment stationed in Dubois Idaho Dubois Dubois no it's dubio is i sure they say Dubois but it's a French word Dubois Dubois Idaho Resellis team study 27 sheep 10 use nine rams that made it only with other rams and eight rams that made it only with females the gay sheep are strongly homosexual Resellis said they don't pair a bond but they're exclusive they don't court or mate with the females they only court mate with males first the scientist watched the sheep to be sure their behavior something cannot be done with humans they well why not they took apart their brains they're heading reports and humans at a certain area of the hypothermist the pre-optic area was largely larger males than females this area was also to be found larger in heterosexual humans than homosexual men maybe that's why i got such a small one that could be it that's your how a hypothermist yeah it's my hypotheroptic uh nervous thing and based on this election what we're here and so far today i'm getting nervous haven't heard any more those reports yet of course remember last year wasn't till like the middle of the afternoon we started getting the stuff from Palm Beach people just screaming and shrieking and carrying on about i think i voted for Pat Buchanan oh my god and he started you know i do enjoy that show on MSNBC 2 to 4 with Bill Press and a good old friend Pat who stepping Pat but he started to be very teformed now not the development was come awa he's making a wild turn back to the right i wanted to support his constituents ten past noon at five sixty wq m are good buddy Jeff Comus on the phone before says he don't care who you vote for if you voted all he wants your money he wants to give us some great delicious food big big portions teeny tiny prices delicious and fresh forget about all this stress okay go into the pizza loft you'd like to laid back atmosphere the great service and of course like i said delicious pasta there would be kind three different kinds of great pizza garlic rolls just dripping in garlic in fact you probably have to put a bib on because there's so much garlic come in just fantastic and all your favorite the tiny favorites chicken dishes veal seafood calzone super subs just got it all they do us to finish job of catering i don't forget it's gonna get a little confusing how do we do this huh what one of his there's two locations that i don't want to like lean one way or the other so to speak give them both like those sheep i know give them both but how do you like anyway in uh... uh... davie a university drive between grip it in five ninety five that's original broad location just a gigantic bunch of a pre-parking here for you right in front of the joint right near the uh... armanol cafe right behind pure one imports i need a university for take out for delivery for kidding at the location call nine five four nine one six eighty eighty nine five four nine one six eighty eighty in the brand new and i'm going to say it is now because i'm not going to say it's behind that place no uh... the brand new pizza locked is on the corner of now belong sunrise it's right behind that uh... that drugstore there yeah right behind them and the uh... phone number there for take out delivery and catering at the brand new plantation pizza locked is nine five four three eight two ninety nine three eight two ninety nine same great food same low prices and a great ambiance to maybe really lucky enough to see ponytail in the or get really lucky and not and don't forget holidays come up soon free anal vibrators for all at the world famous pizza locked five and all this is what you're going to do it we are and i'm a way to the from our good friends at oink a car to travel airspin colorado that's the place to go if you like stein imagine for a moment you're on the slope your put your knees together bend slightly forwards and then you grab your pole while you put the other hand on the edge of the table this is unacceptable who wrote this i think it was i i'm not miss a zip code i know who's responsible for this sabotage this is the handy work at a ticket to poof in that train quarrel of a monkey it is the jokes on them well have you know i got connections in who you four and few of juts and i'm sending me you'll see you now thanks good out of my godfather what do you know what do you say more my most reconstitrient friends what can i do feel on the day of my daughter's abortion i'm here to the man that you get me a favor i want to sink in ahead of me or rush whatever i don't have to be treated with such disrespected oh godfather that the end of my rope every day they got me raped it using my name and fame and just making fun of my veins i shouldn't have written to him we can i know that like a man you know who i am your man who deserves respect so here's a ticket to they get call it's very good he's ready to live in paradise you don't talk to a man like boy i would like that i want you to take care of our friend mr. mower be here you're a pop okay take your pants off fella let me show you a good time could you hands off me a big dummy okay dumb dumb you stupid it's not like they say yeah this I'm honest ai i It's a bit late, but excited out there. First not. 544 votes on that call at Mo made to Tony Bruno yesterday on Schloss Sports with their big one share, whatever they got. Who's Mo Howard David is the leader, 183 votes on that. Fireers hold ass 140 people he's saying at. Steelers to pay his 87. He gets raped by the whole staff 50. He's saying from Paradise 35, no penalty gets a gold star in a purple jelly bean 29. Maybe he gets to meet that guy from A1 King size sandwiches. The $6 million man. Jeff, what the was his name? It'll come to me. And he gets raped by freaky Carlos 20. Nobody QAM. Neil. Yes sir. How you doing? Pretty good. How was it? It was better than I thought. I was all right, he's... All right, but... I'll come let you know that... Has Q&A been raped by Mike Bride? Oh right. And the funny thing is is the Q&A is coming here. He can political asylum, come here, turn a public in. Now I'm looking for other states for political asylum. Right. It's messed up. But thanks anyway. Have a nice day. OK, you two. See you got it out in a real quick because you know, the calls being traced because he voted for Mike Bride. Humans for Mike Bride, baby. Line up. From here to the wall and there'll be a little bit of being a for him all six here 5 6 7 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T look at what's happening with the phone there all of a sudden. I don't get it Maybe it's because you're just sitting there going to talk to himself like that I'd like to see that thing just start going by itself on type of Brian's head. They just start rotating WQAM Hello going once hello. Yes, sir. Hi. I just wanted to fact number You just want to fact number so I can fact in a a self-floor of voting experience You don't want to tell me about it. Yeah. I'll tell you about it. Okay. I Recently moved and not being a consistent voter. I went over to my old place in Oakland Park to find out what my new pulling a place for right Well the church that I went to where I used to vote sent me over to the library because they said they did a redistricting So I go over to the library. They couldn't find my name on the list So the supervisor says well let me call and find out they take my name my new address They say well your number 65 X and they pull it up on the chart and it's on some road called Pasadena Lakes Boulevard Somewhere over in the pint So I say well, can I get directions to that because I really don't know the neighborhood that will yet so the guy goes well I don't know where it is so let me call my supervisor Lady supervisor comes there and says well, let me get let me do it cuz I can get through faster on my phone She calls up Wait a few minutes and she says they can't find it. They're looking on Yahoo to try to find out where the address So time goes time goes time go Absolutely nothing happened so apparently These Yahoo's couldn't find it on Yahoo, so God knows where the thing is Good luck to us all by the way the kind of leaves of it. Yeah the best it is Georgian Rummy had me going but when they got to the yesterday. I pulled the car over to the side of the road You started moving your head from the side of the side of it. I almost had an accident Thanks for the reason one good luck to us. Thanks. See how do you like that? There's another store. I'm sure there are thousands and thousands and thousands of stories by the end of the day People trying to exercise their American right and they keep saying oh you got a vote. It's your civic duty You're above a bond and public doesn't care how do you accept expect to buy it? Of course, that's all about your crap anyway because they don't want more people to vote because then it becomes like two dangerous It's too hard to control and fix that way but too many people actually show up You know when like a hundred thousand people vote in a certain area and then they got like five thousand votes It's kind of hard to explain where the other 95 thousand went WQAM Yes, I am a blast from the past it's Mary Mary. Hi Mary Mary. How are you? How's the old the a pig's north punk snort whatever it is? Oh Something to tell you few weeks ago I heard you mention that you were talking to George and Something came up about the son of a pretty dude are from son of a South Which your course was the first time and you mentioned that he When I never heard of movie You know that movie was killed Band This about the rights to it. Oh, goodness. No, they'll call me Bill Cosby He said that it was binding to the That African race and that He was my buddy was gonna own it. Oh my god. You gotta be chmitten me That now online there's a son of a South link and they have a professional radio 14th of a name to bring the movie back on cut I think it's a part of history. It's not the meaning of course now. I love uncle remiss Oh, good court and beer pair Longer the south bear box right We're ram it. Okay. Thanks very very nice here for me. I don't forget that's very very few to be from bunkstort Pennsylvania That's hard baby now. I don't understand What does this say first street horizontal north of town? Well, what does it what does this mean? There must be more of this back Maybe it's directions from Yahoo to that guy Oh, oh, yeah, this must be where they guys post a vote. I see we nice if they would have put that on here Ha ha ha ha ha ha it says first street horizontal North of tapped well what a horizontal mean like East and West is what they've tried to say so How do usually refer to streets is like vertical or horizontal but I get the point of growth north of tapped off University pass a number of art You follow that no, I'll follow you. That's all the risk to it anyway. Oh, yeah, the Vatican thing. I'll say that We don't want to talk about the Vatican about the fact there may make up their own laws, okay Forget about control any elections and forget about the people obey in the law because this group makes up their laws And a poopy makes up his laws and just mind your own business is basically what it boils down to I poppy don't confuse us with the facts With the fact facts W to Q I M Have a birthday nail. Thank you sir. More keep his moving west Palm Beach. I got to move further north Jesus Christ Stores not to bed. I was the end of that Geez, this is more about the freaking Pope. What does that say about his gay? Oh, I see Something about the Pope is gay. Well, we all know that And he got to walk around wearing a dress W to Q I M Happy birthday Neil. How you doing today pretty good. Thank you sir. No, I'm telling you you got a fire to most crap He's got to go. He can't be doing that talking to Tony Bruno knows Jackass Yeah Okay See it was like a mixed blessing. I think would be the appropriate expression here. I'm just blessing a mixed bag I was thinking about them this morning. You know how they destroyed our good friends on that other morning show How those other guys would still be here for words for them But you know, we don't hold it against you doing 560 pound 560 on a 18 prize of wireless line for a lot of oats man. I'm actually gonna go over 600 just during the show today This is and this is not what I have 566 already know sweat No sweat What should the punishment be for more Howard David sucking up to the enemy fox sports yesterday with an interpret call Kiss anybody didn't hear it will be playing again 20 30 times before one o'clock Who's more Howard David? 190 Fire is old ass 144 I should we should have underlined old Steel is two pays 94 he gets raped it by the whole staff 51 Vanishing from paradise 38 somebody's actually my wind up on the year next week some of these suggestions like getting raped at the whole staff Banishing from paradise 38 no penalty gets a gold star in a purple jelly bean 29 and he gets raped it by freaky carlos 20 20 cigarettes raped it by freaky carlos Would you want to see mob being held up against the wall with a nipple ring? Huh, I think we'll take more than that 26 past noon at five 60 have just envisioning that right now. It's not a pretty thought it's almost as bad as that bag The banana the cheer the the angel cost double clean things up Do I have the right spot here my right hour? I don't know what they'll undo oh yeah I got the right spot Why transpose the hours it's kind of confusing any way get to be this old when you get to be old and the like 60 Oh my god 60 is ancient all these assholes in or you're not so old yes, I am man. I'm an old fart I don't feel like it old fart, but I am an old fart All I'm going to mommy's for lunch so now walking to that place. Oh, man. I feel like a teenager here You know who are complex the average age there is death If you love your home, but you need more space. What do you do do what hundreds of other people are doing call strictly additions Whether you're having a baby wanted or unwanted in another room if you're converting your carport or patio into living space If you wanted to business for yourself and you want to make a home or a fist call strictly additions because of these Are the people you can count on to the ways to spend this job for you? Do your one stop shop more space for your place place with an absolutely worry for your post to expanding your living space No shows by the contractors won't happen with these people in complete work no chance No unexpected bills no worries about the job not getting done right and like I always tell you they take care of every single last detail they drop all your blueprints they get the building permits handle all the inspections for you Strictly this is just got that easy five step approach to total customer satisfaction You know maybe some day pd later give me some new copy for these people and we'll like redo the five step approach But I doubt it He's division professional the auntie and chasing around suck on up to screw in and Vegas One call it that schedule a free project the valuation of pull literature home or a project estimator Will determine the scope of your addition second schedule a bit of home in their convenience sure When we'll get a detailed proposal and exact price for your work third select your finishing touches go to contract Fourth review of the designer contextual drawings and last and certainly not least use it back in relation with a big A smile on your post as your dream edition moves ahead on schedule with unbeatable quality It's a piece of cake call strictly additions let them do it for you check out the red neopages if you like they serve all a Broward and south Palm Beach County Column at nine five four seven nine one eighty one hundred nine five four seven nine one eight One hundred they'd be licensed they're insure professionals who want a really do a super job for you call nine five four seven nine one eight One hundred and tell that old Neil and T.D. Lenny told you to call strictly additions We're sports radio five sixty-sewing Well, he's a tele has a Nice little Brad Fred This Who doesn't have to run? No one else has gone away. He might as well just move right in. Sing hard. Sing hard. Sing hard. Sing hard. He had the golden spoon. He was born with others. So look out all you do. Oh, ready for the gas. He's a fella. I see that. See. Oh, you give our civil rights the way I see. Oh, I see that. I see that. I see. Come on, baby. eigin. Very lucky, ddoo. With dairy barbecue. Few food, dryer-pages. Do others find eggs. There will only been straws. Sing hard. Sing hard. Sing hard. ln dehow. and is trucked with wind that gray. Against buddies. But gasoline. Where fuel you think they call it. The Toilet. And awesom fees. Is.'' Sorry, las and ai has to say. Oh, building the cakeache can't cut me. Uh, yag, is it tella? Has to be nursing or the things. Come on, let's do step. Come on, let's go. Come on, let's go. Let's go. Come on, let's go. Let's go. 33 at 5.60, WCQ and we got the mad dog who's going to be really angry and pissed off and fired up that they want to clock. Going to be sarcotic. And then we got the Hank at 3 o'clock. Do not call Hank today and talk about the BCS and how to hurricanes have conspiracy against them and about, uh, we're number three and we're all I crap. And then we got the Patrick Sir tan with Hank at the 5.60, got her a Koon Hotline from David Buschys. 830, it's the big, oh! Broly, uh, what is it? Oh, only an hour and a half, we can handle that. How many, how many band and erroneous things can you see on here and an hour and a half, huh? 30 or 40. And then 10 o'clock, we got any K from G.A. and Joe Mark overnight, who'll be playing the, uh, a little Howard thing over and over again tonight. Guess what, Book of Brian Brok. Hey, my G on CD, that's somebody ripped off out here because they like the on-law, I guess. Yo Frankie, never got hammered from Channel 6, we're got the all excited about this and, uh, set a rinse on. He was so good to be here. And this market. Right, how's the on? See, I'm looking about those days and it was like almost a real radio station working in IOTM. I mean, here we don't pretend to be a real radio station, we're just like, like a money machine. Just give us the money, throw it out of the door, okay? So, father, who had casting, what's broadcasting? No, no, no, no, no. Bro, when did he charge me? You can't go back. You better fish your bait. Cut baiter. How would I go? Or you get up the pot, yeah. Pull me once. You can pull me again. Yeah, that's, that's it. I see figured that out, he fooled us once. He's got a fool us again, it's fooled some boys anyway. Anyways, what can you do? Nothing you can do, just have a smile on your face, do the best you can, and see what you can do. I don't know what you can do, but I'm not sure if you can do that. Thank you. Thank you, sir. I'm a cone and I went out and got my boat done, so I feel good about that. All right. Don't like to hear those news though, about all the people voting for me, Brian, then showing up on Bush. Yeah, there's something really strange about that. Yeah, interesting thing happened to me yesterday. It kind of made me get the day through. I'm driving down US one in between cold gables and I'll cook in a girl, question yourself if you're out there with your, you know, low stickers and holding up the low postures and all that, yeah, I drive by and who do I see, but Ramon, South Sanchez, and the Bush. He's talking about uptucking the lunch real quick. Oh my god. So I don't buy and I figured it's a light, so I'm going to go ahead and mess with them a little bit. He had a probably congratulatory number of about, you know, eight or nine of the blue, he was greeting to people and all that stuff. So I'm, I'm about to pull off and I start honking and they think that I'm like, you know, given support. And I'm caught a son, I look at him and I wait for him to look at me and I stick my middle finger up. All right. Excellent. That's a black and traffic two years, three years ago. You made me so glad to have the infustrated. Also, when last thing, uh, Neil, I wouldn't be doing it in that hood again. Next time, though, we'll probably find you hanging from a tree down there. Yeah, probably from a home, though, too. Right. Does the same kind of remind you of a comment a little bit? A little bit. And also, uh, Jewish Clemenza. You don't have a couple of songs that you can have this, Hey, also, eh, did you, did you, did you play the rosy bit with the match potato use? You got it. See you. That's one of my favorites. I'm sure glad he requested that. That's one of my all time favorite. Not as much as, uh, written on a subway wall by doing. I do like that a lot. I can listen to that. No, I don't want to listen to that. I want to listen to what a mad dog go on talk about how great, Ray Lucas played last night. Oh, hey, I'm going to say that, is he? No. No. If that's playing great, I'd hate to see what we already saw what playing bad was the last game. Buffalo game. But I mean, that was not what I consider great. Nevertheless, time will tell. We'll see. There are a lot of more games than people say. Oh, it'd be hated that they're all along anyway. What am I doing? Why do I want to play that now? I don't, it's not that I'm in her to get out of here. You understand, but I don't know your birthday. Aren't you supposed to leave a couple hours early? I would seem to be a big party to go to. Very least than on how come those damn batteries takes along the charge of a great digital camera that George bought me for my birthday? Which are real anxious to be taken pictures of most peace with that? I'm going to stand right in there tomorrow morning and start saffons of shots. And we can put them right on our website, too. Right. Every day we can have a different one. The Pius one and the Brindle Brown one and the. Oh, I forgot that's on a vertical as beans. WQAM. New. New. Father. Yes, sir. What's up, bro? How you doing? All right. Let me just relay my my election story to you. Okay. Back in the financial election. Now I know you totally disagree with my political views, but if you were very important for me to get clicked on our offer and and I voted for Bush. And I made very sure that my staff doesn't hang in. Nothing was dangling. I literally took it out of the machine and checked it on the back. Before I put it back before. Did you have a dangling participle on there? Not a participle. Okay. Autistic. Anyway. Nothing. The. The. The. The. Followed by our built into the system. They're both. They go both ways. If there was mistakes. Cops for Bush. That has to bring me say. Success. Go to. Say that again. If there were mistaken votes. Cops for Bush. Then they're hot to bring the. They can vote. Cops for war. To. I mean, probably a bunch of little gay guys like you voted for. Okay. There you go. Yeah. Here's a fact. This is did you buy any chance catch down to you last night. What a show. He had Chris Matthews on was quite apparent that Chris doesn't like fuel. I thought they were actually going to come to blows. I was proud to see Chris speak so harshly about going into a rack. And I was going to be a black mark on the Western history. Another Vietnam. One called in the show. I mentioned an anti-war rally in DC last weekend. She claimed there were over 200,000 people there. But the press was too afraid to cover it. One thing Chris Matthew said, haunted me. He said, talk about G.W. of engine his father. Just wait to see what all the fathers of the dead civilians in a rack will do. When Donahue came back from his last break, Chris was gone. And Phil said some stupid excuse like he had to get ready for his special to our election special. It was amusing. Today they don't like each other. How do you like that? It's all. He's probably still pissed off and fell for a. That rough nater crap. And you know what's all the rest of us to. And that was for Michael Moore to. We like most of your crap, Michael. But the the nater thing this week cannot forgive. That that's what put G.W. of the nater right now. And that's why he's sitting in there right now. Dricken is eaten is shut to Breon and dricken is expensive wine. Because some assholes voted for Ralph Naterna. Another guy in the ego trip. He's like the Bob Kunst of something. You know. The Bob Kunst of the once real world. I'm going to sneeze real bad on what the like wait till I do it or just do it in the middle of spot. I'm going to be in the middle of the spot. And then. And then. Oh good one. Twenty till one. Oh and I feel so much better now. Thanks again, Dr. Half-boy. She cleaned out. Seriously. Do you have any idea. You're laughing, but this is serious. How many years. How much to have that sinus infection? A hundred. I would say at least two, three hundred. At least. Constantly getting these damn colds and scratchy throws. You know all that stuff. Speaking of rosy. But she didn't mirror. She stuck that thing way up in there and looked around. Looked at this. Looked at that. Give me those antibiotics and went to doubt she knocked it right out. That's a lot, Doc. Even thanks to Remer for getting me that good, Doctor. Two good doctors. He's got me this year. And then of course there was always. Mature. Nineteen to one is five sixty WQN. If your bald spot is getting bigger and bigger if you try to cover it up with some silly yorallicle they propeller on top of it. The answer is. Chuck Alphiari for over twenty five years. Charlie's been helping guys get their hair back. I see more and more at a Sam Dollson was on with a King Myster few nights ago. And you look at him and you want to cry. You don't want to laugh anymore. You just want to cry. How can a grown man walk around looking like that? And the same with some people around here. We don't want to mention no names but you can use your own imagination. If you want to look like a silly goosepeer at my guess. But if you want to look better and younger than you ever thought you might again. Chuck's Alphiari. Natural hairline system. Looks better and anything yet because it looks like the hair is grown around in your scalp. It's 100% undetectable like the natural thing. So pick up the phone and call them at one eight hundred three to one twenty four thirteen. See there I go again with that pickup the phone crap. And if you mention the aronges you get you a special $200 WQM discount off the regular price. You got nothing lose but that ugly glaring shiny bald spot. Because if you don't love you work for thirty days that's how works. If you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells. If you're not getting ahead of least fourteen times a day. Just say hey Charlie here's your hair back. We might money back no problems. One eight hundred three to one twenty four thirteen calm today. There's no obligation or check out their website if you prefer at Charles Alphiari.com. My life and love this is for twenty five sixty two eight two eight. The honey tune. Yeah. Oh that has really please go away. Find a new way to attack a big old home. Eat your homes. Till you explode. Just like your fat fat children ladies. Have to buy two sheets on a plane. Spilling your fingers that have yellow stain from two. Can't see your toes. Faster piggy poo nose. How to be fat disgusting and tasty. Oh he's great. You make the show a bit. You make it to win smile. They like a cow. Spat and saancy. Think smelly bad. So repulsive and bad. Your body cheese smells like a grapple. Applorine wizard keep my mind head as nerdy. Push you more to get into your car. Doesn't you not am white. I can squeal, I can squeal, I can squeal, I can squeal Fat lady, live in with your numberless knees S hour in and start to retreat between her knee As material he used to It's most fishy to me That pen of a tune that's moist and tasty in pain It's 1247, that is one of my old time favorites All of my new favorites is coming up again at a moment Terrorism matter fact We really do need to play that again, don't we? 598 votes, how did I back myself up in this like that now? How did I do that? I don't know what Because it's almost time for the next break again Yeah Oh Oh, we got to take a call or two to make it look good 598 votes on mole Who's more Howard David at 206? Fires old as 152 Steel is too pay is 98 he gets raped at it by the whole staff 52 Banishing from Paradise 38 No penalty gets a gold start of purple jelly bean 30 and he gets raped by a freaky Carlos 22 Jeff, what's that guy name? The six million dollar man There's a one king size sandwiches Jeff, oh it's on the tip of my tongue God dang WQAM Hello Yes sir Oh my talk you didn't even hear me Yes man Leo just, hi I wanted to wish you a happy birthday and many bloodseed for the year Thanks Say well Thank you Bye bye Well she was very nice She realized that we had to do the next break And we're up against the clocks who she did a short call Right Right Right WQAM You know how you doing Great Happy birthday You had the left call from Shadna Nuga about the song of the south Yeah Movie? That wasn't Bill Codby who had anything to do with it Was it Michael Jackson? No That's he Jackson? Disney, Disney pulled it in the US many years ago Oh you know I'm going to have to play now don't you? Well They, but they left it in print overseas And countries they thought would be more receptive to it Uh huh So the last country that it was in in print And they put it out of print last year there was Germany That was the last nation where it was in print now It's officially out of print in all formats everywhere I'll be there But there was a great movie That was a great movie that all children should be seen Definitely and there are listed copies out there of course Not that I would know anybody that has one But they're out there and if you know it can be had Okay All right I'm going to call a musimae and I bet you can go on No, you know there's no people close to you Okay, thanks All right It's a tender one and five sixty impact We might have to double play because they got to play Mickey calls Eisenhower and of course That too It's a bit of get with it A tender one we got to mad dog I want to clock and you hear all these people calling it Like that because they're all looked up into a frenzy And also they're pissed off and fired up We used to be blessed and now we're cursed man We are cursed Because the Lord looked down and he said Well, these people are okay Now we realize it's a lesson they're going to screw that up big time So screw him screw my nircrapic guy damn football teams How do you like that? That's what he said I think he was really pissed because the hurt coons didn't cover the spread Saturday that's what the Lord was really better to shape about A little big bet on that thing Let me tell you about our friends at dry concepts You know the holidays are coming pretty soon We'll be thanks given and it'll be Christmas and Chinuka and New Year's all of these things And most folks out there are going to have a lot of guests coming into that house Now who in the right mind want the car was looking and spelling really funky at the time like that Holidays are an important time at least to put on a good show for everybody Also make them think you're not to slide that you really are So color friends at dry concepts they will do a spectacular job for you I've been talking about them and using them for over 20 years in my home There's nobody in the world as a job for it like them You can check them out on the web if you like it at brand new website www.dryconcepts.com And not only they do a stupidish job of drafting your carpeting And making them look and smell and feel just like brand new But they also do a spectacular job of cleaning your furniture and drapery Spot dyeing, fiber protection, carpet repairs and panoramic And a rock service, the authorization and if you have a flood complete water damage restoration too. Seriously everybody I know who's got any brains at all uses dried concepts and rave About the super job they do know loo the same for you and don't forget No rip off, no scams, no bad surprise when they finish They give you a written guaranteed price before they start the winner great job Call him from anywhere toll free now 1-800-248-5071 1-800-248-5071 Clean today, entertain tonight with dry concept My life and loo this is for 23-05-60 2-800-25 2-800-25 You never know who will call Tony Bruno on 9-40 Fox Sports Radio How was David? Voice of the, my every dollar, and you don't need to change the sport But I will, I listen to you guys every day, you guys are doing a hell of a job It's fun to listen to and all Brian, I mean the whole thing you guys are doing there is great What? Did I hear that right? I got prepared I listen to you guys every day, you guys are doing a hell of a job It's fun to listen to and all Brian, I mean the whole thing you guys are doing there is great Wow, even Mohour David listens to Tony Bruno On 9-40 Fox Sports Radio Exactly Eisner Mr. Mouse What the hell are you doing to me? What do you mean sir? Why am I reading in the paper? You're going to put a Disney theme park in Brooklyn? Well sir, we're just scouting locations Jesus, I'm scouting CEOs, you are kidding But sir, we've done what New York City Times Square 42nd Street Hang on Run it Run it Turn off the back of your quinn and rain it Get that blue burn on it here Okay boss Eisner, but sir, look what we've done We've made town man, had 42nd Street is incredible And I want publicly I support it that But you took all the porn away, you can't meet I'm going through a gap of scom like kids We're just scouting areas calm down What's going to be bought lunch? Don't tell me to calm down We've got lucky with Lea Lowen Stitch 128 million dollars No, you're trying to ruin the whole network We're kind of programming on you running Hang on a minute Three months Yeah, you got blue burn crap all over your shoulder It's playing yourself up for heaven's sake And can't offer that you'll play in our future Oh, play in our future Good, God Sir, the network is fine Why couldn't you come up with America Idol? Good God, you're still running James Bob Moby There's 60 years old Why don't you just put steam box really on and be done with it We finally make a couple of damn dollars Well, the movie division's fine You mentioned the way we went in stitch and now we have the new And I'll show them on movie coming out later Oh, I got five What the hell does that mean? Stop sign yield sign You're gonna start swinging some of these titles pass me Please Reem it Reem it Here you go I know you can't hear me Reem it You're still running the market where Yeah, no, no, no, no, no, no Yeah, you're still hearing me Reem it and take that blue burn crap All right Fizer Yes, sir I'd be very careful The next time I started my car, why were you? What do you mean? I'm about done with you What? I'm about done with you What? Sir, I'll put hand on stone in your job But sir, I'm here Careable I'm sorry They didn't have poor limits in there I knew I could be president of Disney Reem it Oh my What a wonderful day Get out of here You're nothing Let me see Boxed you, Shether We really like your fuck you Oh yeah Boxed you, Shether Oh, we really like your fuck you We really like your fuck you Oh my You think that's just end up perfect little Nazi I want to clip their copy through your soil panties This starting used looking slug and sweet I think your lips like animals Colter's roast me Boxed you, Shether We really like your fuck you Oh, yeah Boxed you, Shether Oh, we really like your fuck you We really like your fuck you We really like your fuck you You're everything about your catalyst To the bitch I'm here You want to die, don't you? Three, wait, you're hurt You're really like the bitch You're a bitch, don't you? Don't you think it's true But between your bones I'll set it taste like bubble gum See your next time you need a story Since it takes a tip of road You make you come Boxed you, Shether Oh, we really like your fuck you Oh, yeah Boxed you, Shether Oh, we really like your fuck you Oh, right, you get really, oh my god Too much helium from these balloons And all of a sudden your voice just goes fly It sounds like gully I don't forget my luggully tomorrow I'm gonna pass out from all this helium here Thanks to whoever this was Who's her bowl One and Sherry, thanks in the sunrise Thanks a lot It's so much a birthday balloons and a nice car And I loved the hospital with George E. Scott by Petta Chersk Also the bore through Warren, baby, so I'm both Was that talking about boreth and Amsterdam I seen that over there, I think Hello, unless gulpah Hello, unless dild gulp And speaking of a big gulp I mentioned a mad dog took a couple of big gulps After that game last night, a couple of big pops It was disgusting, it was disgraceful I loved it and a lot of people are gonna be pissed off and fired up about Bye bye You never know who will call Tony Bruno on 940 Fox Sports Radio