It's so full of it! Oh, right! I'm singing this song and I'm feeling kinda sad I got my smile for more and more much just came from my head I've got a body like a driving range man When it's cold outside, use my nips to hang your head I can blow in your ear and give you a lap dance But you won't notice me to like get some implants I need a guy who ain't got issues like filling up a chest And find his shoes Guys, they're cute They're so pretty I'm not alone You need your pity I've got a nice ass and girl like a kissy But I can't get a man Cause I got no titties I got no titties There's wonder of growth It's something I can't afford When you lay on me, you'll swear you're on a diving board When I turn the leavens, I started to get fused Now I'm 24 and so waiting on my boots Guys, they're cute They're so pretty I'm not alone You need your pity I've got a nice ass and girl like a kissy But I can't get a man Cause I got no titties I got no titties I got no titties I've got no titties No titties So what do you think Frank Zamp would did a real life? He's on that island with Elvis and Janis Kaplan isn't he? No, seriously, he did Yeah, he's dead Frank Zamp is dead Long time now Oh somebody must have not woken up until I'm about it Some kind of cancer or something I kind of thought he was dead, you know, but it wasn't your positive Anyway, 633 votes on a poignant today Which I think is astonishing Shocking isn't it? You don't think so? You have that fag vote on their seat The poll didn't go up till 115 because of the erics, personal and mental problems Any emotional problems? So as a result of that, we didn't have any of it going on during the show Which is generally like a big setback for us But at any rate, it's still got a pretty good response Should the government have the right and of course the fact that there's anybody The fact that there was, you know, the crank but we always put an air for fun Because there are a lot of you people out there like, you know, kids in a sandbox Have to have some place to play and that's good Keep you off the street But the other 10 or the only 10, you know, it's just 133 It's not too many No, should the government have the right to regulate private sexual activities between Consent and adults? Just the concept of it is so ludicrous The idea that there are people who want the government to come out of the bedroom And check the position, you know, check what they're doing What the position is, who they're doing it with And I would assume that those 10 probably are doing it with themselves Right, they don't have the capability so they don't care Anyway, we asked you the government regulate that stuff No, 588, 80.2% Only for Fags, 115, 18.1% And yes, only 10 Only 1.5% Said yes And those 10 must be like, you know, tough show colors People like that, people like that Like Dennis And like Dennis The menace or as he deenis the penis How do you think you got no penis? He has a wife, you know No, it does you really? And children, according to him Oh, you have to be kidding me He is children, who's the father? Oh, I bet I know all it is Father, yes I beat you to that Oh, yeah I got a story on a cat lecture Again later on, I'll get 10, no Oh, I'll get 10, no, no I'll get 10, no, no, no, no, no I'll get 10, no, no, no, no, no, no I'll get 10, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no what will I do to you? terre to be a thief, cheated you, me, me, and me, me, we have loved it here, wealth, and that's a detail of a, that's a crossover, yeah, ours, yes, so we knew a guy, but, life, we didn't even let him in, we did, so that's the simple idea we just know how life was made, how mushons are, and more these v-sings spots like on his pants. Well, that's already happened. You support affirmative action. That's our poll question today on theorodzys.com on our marginal website. But Eric promises me that he's working feverishly and we're gonna get the archives back and we're gonna do this. We're gonna do that and he wants to make sure Carlos keeps his nose out of there. Park out, punk. Got it? You're muscling in on Eric's territory, even though he ain't making a dime on that website. Boy, it's really kind of embarrassing. We're gonna have to think you know it. When you see that even the QA and website is just miles ahead, it passes like we're standing still. As a matter of fact, we're not just standing still. We're moving into the Stone Age. But you watch Eric go to get out of the ball now. Just like broke a Brian, the two of them. The two of them are in league again. I think they're really do think that they're sharing drugs. I'm positive for that. Probably as you hear them with me. From, well, you probably hooked him up with somebody up there in Orlando. Here's our poll question today on theorodges.com. We'll get it on there right away. What way, Eric? No, come on. Put down that baloney sandwich. Yeah, he's so frustrated now. He's like just reduced for God. And if I don't have time to go out for the breakfast burritos. And most croissants, he's just doing baloney sandwiches like by the dozen. Baloney and peanut butter on white bread, manny's. Hmm, with mayo and pickles. View support affirmative action is our poll question today. Only three choices here. Of course, the Supreme Court is taking this up right now. Yes, only for college admissions or no, those most qualified should always come first. Now is this a difficult poll? Not to me? No way, I think, and it's just like yesterday's poll. It's a no brainer, which ought to be good with us, dis audience, no brainer. Do you support affirmative action? Yes, only for college admissions or no, those most qualified should always come first. And it's fascinating to me that the case that the Supreme Court specifically is taken up is from the University of Michigan. Isn't that interesting? Why? I just, I'm not a big fan of the University of Michigan because I happen to be Michigan State a 10D. I want to say alumnus because I was here for like about five minutes. You know, I was passing through. Okay, I'm campus. I was in Esha Hall. I saw the, uh, Mahaki, uh, old, uh, hockey arena Spartan stadium. I was there for like a cup of coffee and a beer. Miami did owe lots of beer. Lots of mice to brown. Miami did elections. Chief resounds following botched primary. What did I tell ya? One down and one to go. Miami did County supervisor of elections. David Leahy yesterday announced his resignation. All right. Leaving a post is help for more than 20 years after an embarrassing primary election and an enumptious to the county's overhaul in the elections department. As was the case with a braward county of election supervisor, Miriam Elephant. Where would? Many people who call for Leahy's resignation after the September primary in which technical glitches kept many braward and day voters from casting ballots and prevented both counties from announcing the final vote. Tally's until a week after the election, another humongous embarrassment for South Florida. Leahy 56th is the state's only appointed election supervisor said he wanted leave on a high note, a successful general election in November and cited the tool. The most recent elections took on himself and his family. He said the criticism he faced during the 2000 presidential election and the 2002 primary played a role in his decision. Poor baby. Leahy said he was not forced up but chose to resign yesterday after a candid discussion with county manager Steve Shiver. You know what Steve told him? What? You're out, Tom. Maybe I can help. And he said my name's not Tom. He said, well, that's fine, but you're out anyway. I'm German Irish. Been a long run most of the time in enjoyable one, but there's been some bumps like he said. I didn't feel pressured. This is something that's been on my mind. You like to leave where there's a plus. The last election was a plus. Now it's time to get out. When it down Get out. Get out. Get out. Get out. Get out. Get out. Get out. Get out. Get out. Get out. Get out. Get out. Get out. Get out. Get out. Get out. We just delighted to see you leave. And we delighted to see him leave. It's delighted. You'll be delighted with this story. I got. I got so much good stuff here today. And it's an good thing. I can't wait any other other. I've got that much of stupid football calls. guy? Temperature is minus 16, the windshield is minus 24. God, on what scale is that? Whoo! What do you mean on what scale? Celsius? Oh, okay. On the Saffron Simpson scale, I'm sorry. What is that for hurricanes? Isn't it? I mean you don't know. I don't know from that scale. I'm just telling you right now. Catering a basic principle of American anti drug policies and independent U.S. study concluded yesterday that marijuana used does not lead teenagers to experiment with hard drugs like heroin or cocaine. How do you like that, huh? How do you like that up there, Uncle Sam or down there where but how do you are? You moron? You idiots. You assholes waste in billions of dollars on your so-called war on drugs. Shame on you. Point to finger right there, Uncle Sam, and I'll present to you all these other phonies that are busy snorting up the white powder from the talk lines. The study by the prop at non-profit, profit-rand drug policy research center, we've brought to the theory that marijuana acts as a so-called gateway drug to more harmful narcotics, a key argument against legalizing pot in the U.S. Bologna. The researchers did not advocate easing restrictions on marijuana, but questioned the focus on the substance and drug control efforts. Using data from the National Household Survey and Drug Abuse between 82 and 94, the study concluded teenagers who took our drugs were predisposed to do so whether they tried marijuana first or not. The students get their first opportunity to use marijuana years before they get their first exposure to hard drugs and androomorale lead author of the RAND study. marijuana is not a gateway drug. It's just the first things often come across. I thought that was usually the sheets. I thought that was alcohol. Morals said 50% of U.S. teenagers that asked this to marijuana by the age of 16 while a majority had no exposure to cocaine heroin or hallucinogens until they were 20 except for Carlos. The study published in the British Journal Addiction. It does not advocate legalizing or decriminalizing marijuana we need, which has been linked to side effects of putting short-term memory loss, but given limited resources, Morals said U.S. government should reconsider the prominence of marijuana in much publicized, war on drugs. To a certain extent, wherever any resources away from hard drug problems, he said, spending money on marijuana control may not be having downstream consequences on the use of our drugs. Researchers say predispositioned drug use has been linked to genetic factors in one's environment, including family dynamics that's family dynamics and availability of drugs in the hood. And there's nothing to do with a use of marijuana. How do you like that? Could it be? So take your marijuana laws, especially those rock-a-fellow laws in the state in New York and stuff them up your ass. Okay, you stuff your old Americans. You use silly people you. 9.13 at 5.60 WQ. I'm here some people who aren't silly. People there are serious people. And nobody said I said I think I agreed to talk to you because I'm totally a serious man. When that the line? One of them? Would Salatso? Anyway, I'll take a micol over there at drug concepts as a serious guy. He's serious about wanting to make your house looks brand-spanky new. Check out their website, dragconcept.com or by the airkip.com, call tool free. 1-800-24807-1-Fever-U.S. Drive-Concents before you're in for the treat of a lifetime. At least when it comes to having beautiful brain-looking carpets and a post-mean furniture too. Because Drive-Concents give you a written guarantee price before they start the job. They show up exactly when the appointment is and they roll up their sleeves and go about doing a job for you. The Lexi which you've never seen before in your life. They dry clean your carpets. Making even the nastiest looking carpets look and smell and feel just like brand-new. They're drying a couple of hours and you're ready to rock and roll again. And they also do an unbeatable job cleaning your furniture and drapery. Spock-dying, fiber protection, copper repairs, impenetrable, or serviced deodorization. And if you should never have a flood, complete water damage restoration whatsoever you'll ever see again. With a holiday's here and guests coming in, why not get your house all spoofed up for the holidays the new year etc. call our friends at Drive-Concents right now. Let do a stupidious job like they done in my house for over 20 years. In they Palm Beach, Broward, Com, toll free 1-800-248-5071. That's 1-800-248-5071. Clean today, entertainment night. That's just their slogan is their advice. Welcome to Shell Web segment. Ontoration man. This fryer will be a big family such as the unintended new doors. But holy crap, all is warm in my life. It came as so silently. Now it winds in the Christmas tree. It is very my heart. Someone please cover the pies. Silence, heart, deadly fault. My cheeks were spread apart. I guess I drank too much eggnog. So I'll try to blame it on the door. Roar, just the patchies. Open the window, please. Silence, heart, full of pain. Don't smell, I can't be gamed. We have to cloud so stingy and green. It cleared out the nativity seal. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. It is your effing sad. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. I'm not sure if you can see it. Don't feel compelled, okay? We had enough crap yesterday. I'll tell you guys who you can trickle on down and see it's my good buddy Tom Layman over at Helit Pottiex GMC and South Thade. They're proud of what odds the great Neil Rogers Neil deals 0% sale. It is still going on as I speak right now. That's right with a proof credit from GMAC you can get zero down payment and 0% financing on all 2002 and 2003 Pottiex and GMC models plus zero payment for 90 days. We're taking a rebate about to $5,000 and as always in Halit zero hassles of course. Don't forget to mention you heard about the Neil Rogers deal and save even more. Just mention Neil and all like do a little Kazanski read the middle of the showroom. Check out the complete line of great GMC SUVs including the Onvo evoted by Motor Trend as the SUV of the year. And the new Pontiac vibe that's got the power of a great Gutsie sports car both are big gas guzzlers and they make no apologies for it at Helit Pottiex. Helit's also got a great selection of dependable use cars, trucks and SUVs those big gas guzzlers that you love. And don't forget credit is a problem with you with not a problem for them because no matter what kind of a deadbie you are, if you're credit is the worst you've ever heard of in your life, they'll still probably be able to cut your deal at Halit Pottiex. That's what great folks they are. But right now don't forget it's the great Neil deals 0% sale at Halit Pottiex. 13411 South Thick Sea Highway that's US want across from the falls open every day seven days a week. You know I think I've started to get like 10 Williams you know, frozen head frozen head. For more information call it, but it's only 25 below winch you'll without the expected. For one information call the Neil deal hotline at toll free 1 triple 8 5344211. That's 1 triple 8 5344211. Halit Pottiex GMC we are professional grade a. My my my michen walls. This is 43050 one two way and. The God you're broth or beautiful. He would never have said would be the dude. Who why his nose was bigger than his hand Who when he switched it on He was like a midnight sun See it glow Wrapped through the snow Could the back You'd afraid if we will miss your Christmas light Hope those gently don't bat you near Was in the highest of sight One day he wandered to the far from the sling That's where the guy in front of you him away Now he's in repulse You can see that he's human yes nose No longer close Kiss the bat You'd afraid if our day sees a game to soon Now your head is stuffed in the mountains And now it's in somebody's repulse Welcome I was not much better than those ones It's just like drop off the edge of a cliff That's nice, why can't they end those like exactly I'm 32 at 5.60 WQM Thanks very much to my good close personal friend Sean and Holly We want to know how my brositis is doing My brositis is just fine And Most importantly, facts is made this conversion chart on temperatures Good timing by the way Sean And Troy, don't worry about it Try got a pompeto park covered, okay with a blanket I got my old pompeto park blanket that heraldurs put on top of my head years ago I got it right here, just relax Everything is copacetic Anyway, so here's the conversion chart Like I said yesterday Once you get a pass that on the positive of the temperatures I have no problem with that for some reason Because I just you just memorize, you know Okay But when you get into the minus temperature I want to get the low minus tree Send a grade at that point I get lost So here's the whole chart And it makes me realize that currently it's minus 14 Celsius here And that's a 7 degrees Fahrenheit above So what's the problem? Yeah, press The windshield was minus 25 overnight Or 26, which is 16 below zero Fahrenheit The water it seems so goddamn cool I went out just to get some soda Last night, I went out of the house at August today Because yesterday was just at one day It looks nice out there like right now It looks beautiful You don't want to be outside right this moment Because you're going to have that tid boy you must head And I am going to tell you now from the neck down I head on, you know I got my t-shirt under my heavy flannel shirt And I got my leather jacket fine But from the chin to the top of the head Whoa Man, it's the instant frozen head And if I want to just send to anybody It was body up here Put your head out there I have to go through all that cryogenic scrap This is a lot cheaper this way Just threes is head right out there on Young Street At any rate the windshield last night was minus 26 Which is like minus 16 degrees Fahrenheit Not bad And our height today is going to be minus 7 Celsius Which is 19 Oh 19 pretty toastie That's not too bad I still say it's all the wind all the wind But it does get down there like minus 16 Oh my god What are these people thinking about? In close vote or land-opasses ordinance protecting gaze from discrimination Oh, hey That's going to get some of our friends out there Made your land really upset, you know what? I'm going to get them right on that first bus to Orlando So they can straight those bastards out Now what's this call on here for Miami? Are we going to take a call or what? Hello Okay, and now I actually agree with you a lot But just how I'm probably agree with you with affirmative action Thing is until we get parity between the high schools and the schools Between the inner city and the suburbs I think affirmative action should stay in place And you have a perfect example with George Ask them how different the schools were between Montana or wherever you came from and Danny County What does that happen to do with affirmative action? Well, if the thing is affirmative action, you want the best person qualified For the position or the school Now what you get popular in your hand or you get a good school That can teach you how to do that, you're not going to get it I mean George used stuff that he learned in elementary and Montana But he never went to elementary school in Montana Yeah, when he came down here, he was all summer one day during the summer I forgot about it You're sorry about what? Do you want an elementary school in Montana? Well, the right is going to be here. That's upside down. Well, he went to high school here, he was a freaking genius Oh, oh, the other way around, I'm sorry When he went up from Montana, he was Notice that I've been doing affirmative action That does everything to do unless you get these people trained Equally, you won't get the best person You'll get whoever you get, whoever has the buck We'll get the best school Yeah And they'll get the ones that'll get into college Well, that's all about raising the people like Geb Bush Governor So we can get a bogus public education system Last night on Channel 4, a girl run away from the Department of Children's Family called Yeah She got rich abusion for calling the girl from Channel 4 From children's families She got restitution Yeah, she got all that crap You can afraid to go back to Department of Children's families How do you like that? And these done such a good job with that Then they put them right back in there again Well, you know what they say you get, what you deserve Have a great thaser, I have no idea what you just said you Oh, my blood is pouring out of my ears Why is that? Because I'm confused, trying to... What are you going to do with school in Billings, Montana And you went to college in what? School of hard knocks at the University of Albany Where they like Hillary, but they don't know why Let me say it again Okay, the day is long since passed Long ago, what's in my earlier youthful days of liberal indiscretions And I was all for all of those things, you know? From a to action, all of this other crap We can't afford doing that anymore And the idea that right, in fact there's some great articles I don't have time for all of them, I just got too much crap About the assistant in Texas in California in a couple of other states And of course they're trying to inflow it a bit of Florida nothing ever works And they take like the top 4% from the different schools, regardless of where the school rates And they automatically get into a state's college And what's wrong with that? That sounds good Yeah, it is good But the people who are supporting affirmative action There are posing those plans, even though those plans are working magnificently And they're a great idea, they're opposed to that Because they don't really give a crap about the most qualified people They just want to continue doing a racial and ethnic thing, you know? Our people got to get in Well, both crap If you're in that top 4% more power to you, do zero higher education You deserve to go on and expand your talents And get a decent job But this idea, they're just because, well, we'll get to that square eventually Okay, let's not get ahead of ourselves Let's get back to this fact of the gate banter Gaze, let's be in Zimbabwe's sexuals were added to Orlando City Anti-Discrimination Protection Law Yesterday on a 43 vote by the city council last night The measure added sexual orientation at least the classes already protected by the city Including race, national origin, religion, gender disability, age and maryl status Under the ordinance employers would be prohibited from denying jobs Landlords wouldn't be allowed to turn away renters and public accommodations wouldn't be able to deny service Because of a person's sexual orientation What are they thought about this a Disney world? Businesses with fewer than six employees, landlords with fewer than four units Churches, religious groups and private clubs would be exempt Businesses found discriminating against Gaze lesbians are by sexuals could be fine 500 hours per violation, eight other floor to cities and counties already extended anti-discrimination protection Gaze and lesbians Bigotry and prejudice are incongruent with fairness and justice and commissioner Daisy Lynam Who voted for the measure after listening almost five hours of testimony from supporters and opponents I think we've uncovered closeted bigots recently in that sad she said Closeted bigots now you're talking honey The ordinance does not extend any special privileges to gain legas in lesbian city attorney Scott Gabriel's Incited the beginning of a city council hearing opponents disagreed with that interpretation said the ordinance is approval It opened the door to other gay rights measures It would give illegal status to a group of people based on their sexual orientation barber rushing a former orange county school board member testified before council members To the little distracted when he was both the testifying. So what are you doing? Brigham rushing but supporters argued the ordinance would send out a message of tolerance There's very little alus with a cement and so much to gain since a port of Jim Brown A religion of the football player needless to say was busy beat an up and whole wife and girlfriend Mayor Glenda hood voted against the ordinance pending wasn't necessary because the city already was inclusive I believe good people can agree to disagree she said Also, she was a rumor that she was going to like veto to certain she said no chance no way Jose the people of spoken yati yati Yati the council's made their decision. I believe it's their decision. She ain't going to veto nothing So there you go even Orlando Of course like I said they got that Disney world up. There's there are the industry people working there. No. I'm I'm I Almost enough to make me want to play that you know almost may. I'm I'll think about it during the break. I'll pondered I got 1515 what lots of time today What do you mean by that? I thought you weren't going to take any calls. You don't understand. I've got this huge stack man Even a people at the dunk and don't know if they're ever saw a stack like this And some of these are very long. You know how I have this I have this a version to long stories like the one you just Fastly five pages about from the same peak times right about the pedophile priest and stuff Well, I got a couple there, but they're just too good to pass up on For example the bush dynasty and the Cuban criminals Taking talking back to talk radio. It's time to take back our airwaves by Tom Hartman from Common Dreams do center longs But I don't care bankruptcy talkster is boss and Catholics. That's pretty long Rice supports Iran counter figure Abram state NSC's mid-immidious section the disgrace and Minions of pirates are plundering satellite TV direct TV echo star fight back in court and electronically That's that's about 600 pages. I'm gonna read the whole thing So anybody don't like bedtime stories bye bye I got some important crap here to the okay, and if you can't handle it if you can't deal with it if you're an emotional cripple just to get lost Okay, go talk about football for three more hours. You idiots. Yeah, what do you think about the you think that they're gonna break a Danny boys record out there in Oakland? I'll find you think that You had it right on ahead what when you say makes your teeth ache? That's exactly how I felt first I thought it was that cold last night and then I realized it was the sports clock Good, golly Miss Molly who gives a flying crap if that's what your life is all about it's time to like And we're all right now, okay Time to play Russian and we're right with fully loaded chambers 942 a farmer not talking about rusty chambers either, okay You know when it comes to eating in good food there are so many good restaurants to choose from but If you're looking for the best deliant on you bet it's her bets her bets has been slicing it and piloting it on tick for over 30 years It's near or stale deli at its best with her bets homemade pea soup just like the Dutch just like my cheap landlord Peter Delicious daily specials and the best best drama corn beef and brisket her bets even as the pickles close-law and cucumber salad on the table just like the old day And the good those for them is the old folks have been able to put them out of business yet Her bets was even both of the best breakfast and CP's restaurant on citysearch.com Now it's the time to do your holiday party needs taking care of that and her best is a fantastic job with holiday platters and caving for your family parties are at the office Her bets has been doing it for some of my most hot corporations for years and years If you're to now mention the arraggios show you'll get 10% off your holiday catering order you can't be with a stick her bets is located on 79th Avenue just off the palm at O'Cold Greg at 305 599278 18 that's 305 599278 18 or also can check them out on the net if you like it her bets.com The best deli in Miami you bet it's her bet My And local this is for 205 We can Follow but Are your kids tired of the same old action figures? Yes, then spice up their holidays with Mattels troubled celebrity action figures Still your kids hide this Christmas with shoplifting when owner she's more affordable than you think Look Bobby's scuttling off Who's that? You bet she is and there's more forgettie.com Now there's teo i nigg with life like Nick Nolty Droll He's like oh And he knows what he's here Uh-huh Now press his greasy head and he talks funny too Oh Be sure to collect all of Mattels troubled celebrity action figures like with the Houston or Pierce Neacristina Aguilar See if you can find all 12 of herself mutilation Wow she's in a publicly collet This Christmas shopping is no trouble at all with the troubled celebrity action figures from myself Some of the public relations screen teams all separate 947 at 560 WQAM happy Tuesday to happy Chinooka to you We got you mad at the chulas of one o'clock at a Hank Goldberg at 3 full 4 hours with a hopper today And let's see what's he got on to kill an hour Patrick Sir tan. Oh that should be pretty embarrassing 5 to 6 And then you got the Hurkulans warm off 7 to 730 UN and FAU another one of those award winning basketball games have a big crowd for that 730 and 10 at 10 o'clock at city k from GA and Joe and Mark overnight We used to be really good guys, but Joe were not sure about anymore. He's gotten certainly so speaking about the old bites You know I'm talking and remember the guy to call toward the end of the show yesterday that ringer call about while he's fairly new to the show What has he or you're doing to show that set up call yeah from Toronto right and I'm thinking to myself You're talking about the conversion of the temperature and the fact it was like the windshield was 25 minus 25 Celsius. See that's interesting Other than like winners or hurricane or some major tropical disturbance dinner There's nothing interesting about the weather in South Florida nothing nothing no that time and humidity in addition to which See the thing about Buffalo and upstate New York that a lot of people don't realize is that there's this snow belt and this latest storm that happened over the weekend You know that started just in time for the football game This started like across central Michigan and came across southern Ontario and then it just makes a little bit You know like the under what you probably don't You're where Niagara Falls and the meets Niagara Falls in New York and Ontario sure Well anyway, makes that little div and it comes across south of the right across southern part of Lake Ontario So we don't get it here in Toronto. We don't have one flake a snow on a ground They got two to four feet in Buffalo and like all upstate New York was inundated less couple of days snow at the ass Which is my Buffalo is the anus of the universe, which is not an excuse for them wanting to football game See I find that very lame. I find it really sad, you know, the fact that the bowling and the women are ugly and there. You know Well, that's great, but they still want a football game I mean they can't help it. They live in a crap hole. That's just the way it is It is a it is the end of the world is Buffalo. So I want to take back all the years I've said South Florida is the end of the universe. It's number two on the list Buffalo is it. It is just a horrendous Growth test gruesome place So even though it's colder than a which is ass here right now We don't have no snow on a ground not not a flake not a drop Does that make you feel better? Oh much Why not? Honestly, I mean if it's cold that's bad enough though if it's blowing snow and just have it Munich Germany Singer Liam Gallagher and several other members of the British rock group Oasis and it's on to Raju or held for questioning after a fight to love Gallagher with several broken teeth Gallagher's injuries over the weekend forced to ban the cancel concerts in Munich on Sunday and Hamburg yesterday You like Oasis? Hmm, they're okay. Yeah, there you go. I wouldn't put him out when put him in there with a greatest British rock bands of all time Like a chop boy. Yeah, they're no hermons hurt vermin right Munich police are they detained three members of the no searches needles in Pinsa Munich police are they detained three members that there no um peri across the mercy jury and a pacemakers And how did the ferrie get across the mercy probably flew? To love the unit police are they detained three members of the group including Gallagher and Dremor Allen White and to their bodyguards and suspicion of mass salt Resisting arrest and damage to property. How do you like that? I'll release Sunday afternoon after posting bail Munich prosecutor Anton Winkler said his office would decide before the end of the year whether the press charges Before the end of the year. So they're sit around in the side, you know, we've ill decide depending on how much beer they drink between No one in what a sure drink their beer. You know with the Germans. Yes. I mean the Dutch and in Amsterdam they drink in beer like like you never saw but in Germany my god I'm not making this up. They drink beer for breakfast Could you handle that no oh I'm the drink beer for breakfast. They got the big signs out. You know and they're just gusling it down Maybe that's why they didn't remember all those things that happened. Witnesses told police to clash began early Sunday in the disco of the mute Meochner, Hauf Hotel where the band was staying when the band members were truck and started pushing each other One of them fell against the table where five Italians were seated police said what this is told them? Archipitia they said When the attended tried to remove the musician arrested the band reportedly pound stone them Hotel security separated the two sides asked them leave them call police when the fight resumed outside Police spokesman Christoph Lachenbach said Gallard or kicked an officer was kneeling down in the chest with full force in the officer was slightly injured A statement on the band's website Monday said civil members of Oasis near entourage with victims of an unprovoked attack by a group of youths in a Munich club Leigh and Gallagher sustained facial injuries including several broken teeth while two of the group security guards were forced to see hospital treatment One after being knocked unconscious the statement said Oasis became hugely popular in the mid-9 These are 95 album what's the story morning glory they viewed at number one in the UK and became the second best telling album British history I bet you didn't know that nope, but you do now. Nope. Not even 10 o'clock and we're learning on this educational show already How do you like that? Here's a call from Boiton Beach hello. Hey yo, yes sir. Hey, I can relate to your stories about Buffalo because I am a Sunni and Brock's pork graduate and I remember those horrendous winters with that wind whipping off a lake on terial. Yeah, bitingly cold. You know your topic, you're subject today about the Affirmative action is very interesting and in my opinion when it was first proposed many many many years ago It was necessary because the racism that was so prevalent. However, I think that is completely outgrown itself and that now especially in this country with white people being the minority It is actually working again to those types of people and For example with my children when it was time for me to get my children into a magnet school there in Palm Beach County You there. Yeah, I'm sorry You know you fill up a necessary forms and everything and then they take they take my Nard kids So what I did on the application forms I just put my kids down as other even though they're white Today's political correctness types society who's going to question whether your kid is mixed or Black or white or Spanish soldier down other and I got put on mark Martian Exactly and I would recommend to anyone that have children or anybody that's going into college Nobody is going to question you if you mark down the jurors of mix because first of all the term African American To me is the biggest load of crap. I've ever heard your black. Okay, unless you're from Africa Okay, directly you are an American or your black So for me my relatives came many many many years ago off the boat to my island Germany What I don't call myself the Irish German. I've ever heard anybody here call themselves an African Canadian I've never had no such term exactly and so therefore is they're going to sit there and now they are the majority And they're going to say well I'm an African American well guess what I'm a German American I'm an Irish American Yeah, they came over here 200 years ago, but I'm an Irish American because the slaves came here three or 400 years ago There you go my problem at Frank Wright and so it's a whole affirmative action deal is completely outgrown itself I think it was necessary back then but you know what like I said with my kids All children should be on an even keel and when somebody comes over here from Mexico or or wherever and they live in an apartment And I live in a house where my tax dollars pay to the educational system yet my children are not eligible to go to that school because they're white and the kids Or resident aliens do get to go there's something inherently wrong in that Don't be picking on alienates is birthday come up in couple of days You know I love you and you have a great holiday and you two thanks When I just got to actually had something the same a lot of sense how do you like that that's two for two T for two perfect record alien and George you're the same birthday this Friday I believe is that the right day the sixth just and isn't it a shame that I'm not there to give you birthday Yeah, well I'll think about it later on I'll think about it later on. I'll depending whether you can butcher up your good friend Boca Brian to set in when he shows his bald head in there Because him and I think he and Eric have been sure in the same drugs I would have been very with me Well maybe he'll bring you some today from that birthday kind of like warming up for your birthday Maybe he'll bring you like a big bag of drugs Excellent because he really he kind of like drug me down with that stupid call yesterday You know it's one thing to have it in for a hurry complex. It's nothing like spread it around. Yeah, my calling you would have bad time You might be a bunch of puts your up puts you need pressing he's back to old form anyway. He's just as the pressing is ever God is he a schmuck 161 votes on a pool view support affirmative action. No Those most qualified should always come first 130 meaning and anything meaning like in jobs in the school admissions and anything Yes 23 only for college emissions. Wait. I just changed again. Only for college emissions. We got the ice I Perched it was a hit on mgv then a number one movie now. It's coming to Broadway It's Jackass the musical starring Johnny Knoxville Yes, all those risky stunts have been combined with fabulous showtunes to create Jackass the musical Wow the music the dancing the guy eating a yellow snow code. It was better than cats 76 I With all your favorite Jackass's on stage singing torch songs then setting their hair on fire with them I'm just breaking local I'm hurting myself to it So great white way has just turned black and blue thanks to Jackass the musical Oh Channel 5 60 wria qa men it is beautiful a son of shine And this is a great day to be sit inside here and look outside You know what I mean oh go open the window No Co open a window you think like it maybe frozen stuck at this point It is anyways here's a nice facts from Ricky over in the Fort Myers. No less how's Ricky here in us Through the scratches and everything on qa M I guess because the people on Fort Myers and Naples over there got screwed by the beast ladies as usual We used to be on over there we had a tremendous aid of Legion, a faithful listener, at least a dozen or two, and then they took us off of it, because they got some paid religious crap and financial crap, and so they just put about your crap on there, because you know what they say over at Beesley's. That's our middle name is, yeah, they specialize in it. Anyway Ricky says, hi Neil, I was just thinking how much I enjoy listening to you. My husband's been tune in quite a while, but me just the last few months. Very refreshing to hear someone in Florida with your sense of humor and brains. We're new England transplants living in Fort Myers. We're not too happy with the general, I love this. We're not too happy with the general mentality here, which is either Yahoo or Self-Rexus, Mid-Wistern, Slash, Southern Christians with a hotline to God. But we love the weather and are making a really good living in real estate. However, this is the most unsophisticated place I have ever been, let alone live. That's so lovely to wrap. Children up north had more on the ball. Anyway, you have at least one, I'm sure many more female listeners out there who thinks you're a lot of fun to listen to in a world where everything is way too serious. A little too much animal humor sometimes. Back home, but that's just me. Would you be returning to Florida, please don't retire as a Zabrakeet? Yes, I'll be returning to Florida in January and February. You have to be out of your mind to be up north in January, February, wouldn't you agree? Yeah, if you can help it. Yeah. And so that's that whole snowboard thing again. I think I timed it out pretty good. I mean, I'm catching a couple of these really nasty days. They got my nice, you know, and I do this. Quickly for the company to show him a company man and spread of all the crap they feed me when I'm out there. They feed you folks. Middle of September, December, rather to the new year, take the nice couple of vacation in there, go off the Amstradan, get that apartment all warmed up again, at least over 20 degrees. You're a back full of money in my Dutch landlord and see what else going on over there, yeah? See who's smoking what? Take a look around, see who's smoking? See, that's an interesting thing. The word smoking over there has so many connotations. It really does. 184 votes. I can't wait to get back to Amstradan. I mean, this summer I was really sour because I was sick all summer long, you know? So no matter where you are, you just, you just not happy about where you are, no matter what it is, you can be in Vegas. And if you're sick, you're not the happiest camper. Remember that one year you were with us that year? Sure. We'll brag you downstairs for the big part of the news. David, at this point, I, you know what it was? Stress. Oh, oh, that was the year that we had the Bob Lincoln mess and we also had that crazy satellite guy. Remember that guy? Yes. That sponsor? Yeah. And between the two of them they nearly put me in an early grave. See, now that reminds me, that's very similar reminds me that thing with the trips to Vegas of our website situation where I feel like even though my name is attached to it, I have no, I have no control over it. The whole thing is out of my control. And I don't want to go into a big song in Ascaz then, Eric will be crying on the phone again with you. I'll let you and Brian and Eric and Carlos, I'll let the four musketeers out there handle the whole thing. Which is probably a bad mistake on my part. Speaking of the four musketeers, now how do you say his name? Who's Alexander Dumas? It actually his name is Dumas. Dumas. Alexander Dumas? His remains have been moved. Now, did you know he was black? I don't know who he is. Come on. Are you kidding me the three musketeers? Oh, he wrote that? Didn't the guy just get through a few minutes ago talking about your great education in Montana and that was something I wanted to talk about. Yeah, two way. Yeah, he didn't have a clue. That's all the movie. Both versions. Alexander Dumas? Like I remember. You're, you never read the book? Of course not. There's eight of those porthos, aromas and dartinyan. Very good. I could have named them because I saw the movie. I'm not even a because it's written right here. You're still in front of me. You're the ever read. But I could have named them anyway. Anyway, Dr. and I blew up a cloth and scrub with a musketeers motto. One for all, all for one. The remains of Arthur Alexander Dumas were transferred to the Pantheon. The musketeers were French luminaries are interred. The thousands. That. That. That. And by the way, what you told me about the phone before about why these people sound like they were in a girl. They shut off my mic during that last call. Yeah. And it's not coming. It's not the echo from here, okay? Okay? It's on its our phone systems of piece of crap. Because some of the calls sound sensational. And some others is sound like we're doing underwater with Jacques Cousteau. Thousands of Dumas fans join a procession to the musketeers. I'm running here in copies of his books. The three musketeers and the man and the aromas. Don't you remember that? Of course I do. Both versions of that too, maybe three. Making the coffin were forming costume to the musketeers, ethos, portos, aromas, and duttanyon. Parts of his plays, including Henry the Turd and his court and Anthony were performed on the states that up in front of the Pantheon, whose giant dome and columns were lit up and blue. Excuse me, but I always thought the Pantheon was in Athens. That's what I thought. Though I though that's the Parthenon. No. Yeah. Well, one of them is in Rome, which one is in Rome. See now you make me feel bad because I haven't been in Rome for a while. No, I. I think you're wrong. Well, Pantheon. Well, Pantheon. Well, somebody will straighten this out on it. Okay, the Parthenon, the Pantheon. Parthenon. And this guy don't even know the three musketeers. I know them. He knows like the original, a cubby and Bobby and the, on that, he knows those musketeers, right and harpoins up on gumbo. President Jacques Chiroc, or the transfer last spring to Agnaudzi author's immense contribution to French literature and society, with you and his childhood hours of church reading and secret emotion passed in venture and panache that enters the Pantheon. You know, Jacques Chiroc, that I've not just frog. Yes. Now, where's the thing about the, oh, the grandson of a black Haitian slave? Dumas entered French high society when I'd become a popular novelist in dramatist. He died in 1870. See, this is why it's taken so long for them to put his remains with all these other hot shots. It's right. Early Saturday, Francis Republican Guard escorted the coffrums from Dumas' muddy Christo Shateau outside Paris. Dumas hometown Villairequote, Clay, whatever the hell that is, Quateray. Initially, opposed the transfer saying the author made clear in his memoirs he wanted to be buried in that village, but the village eventually bothered the government decision and Dumas' body was exhumed from its cemetery on Tuesday and put into a new coffin and preparation for the transfer. Well, that's right. Further range of Alexander Dumas and maybe we'll find a right-extra 10-word image frozen head. We just pick all these body parts and like just jam them all together. Make a Frankenstein. Right. Sounds good to me. Remember Frankenstein? Yeah. Oh, print in the ass. It's done a chronic. We got ready to hand, let's hear it. Oh, the problem is every time I was thinking about this this morning while I was shaving. And it's a good thing I don't use a straight razor. Every time we get rid of one chronic asshole and other one pops up, haven't I? We said that. It's like the hydra. Yeah. You can't kill it. It's like slicing up an earthworm, man. It's slicing piece off the end of the rest of it just keeps wiggle and around. It's slicing off the other end of the middle keeps wiggle and around. The only way to get rid of it is to like, crush it. These Supreme Court agreed yesterday to decide if minorities can be given a boost to get into universities as subdued still heatedly contested a quarter of a century after the justice's first addressed affirmative action in college admissions. The court will tell the universities how much weight if any they may assign when applicants race. At stake are race conscious admissions policies at many public and private colleges, law schools and medical schools. The only time the Supreme Court considered a college race case, the justice is issued in a split 1970 adrolling that ban racial quotas but gave states little of the direction. Both sides of the affirmative action debate wanted the court to try again. Justices will consider whether some white applicants to the University of Michigan and its law school will reject that unconstitutionally because of their race under the Constitution's guarantee of equal protection for all under the law. Michigan president Mary Sue Coleman said the outcome will have a profound impact on relations higher education system and on our race relations broadly now is not the time to turn back the clock, she be saying. The color of your skin determines so many important things about your life experience where you live, where you go to work and with whom you work, race still matters in our society, the ideal of colorblindness does not mean we can or should be blind to that reality she said. Apponents contend that race conscious policies hurt white college applicants not giving slots to less qualified minority prospects. Also they can't play the slots on the play blackjack. They are also on fair to minorities who are stigmatized and how do I deem meaningly lower standards that Kurt Levy, a lawyer with the Washington Bay Center for Individual Rights which is representing white students in the challenge. See every time you mention something about rights for whites and there always in a mind of some people it conjures up you know what I'm talking about sheets and hoods and stuff like that. What's wrong with why it rights for whites? None. How about rights for everybody? Right. Levy said that black and Roman initially fell when race considerations were abandoned public colleges in California Florida Texas, Washington State but he said the numbers are increasing proof that race does not have to be a factor and admissions for the rest of the country. These Supreme Court and I will not go out about the other stuff about the homos and that stuff in Texas. You have to figure fish to fry them at. And like I said earlier the fact that we're even talking about that in America in 2002, the fact that anybody's even discussing that. Whether the government's got to write the stick there knows anybody's bedroom and see what consenting it else they're doing is so ludicrous and it's like shining a big spotlight on what's wrong with America. Just police state where the rest of the civilized countries again are underlined civilized laugh at us like are you people crazy or what? So I guess we're more in league with our Saudi and other erphanetic are a fanacom Islamic friends than a lot of people would think you know. I know. Yeah, like the Saudis. And we were so we were so aghast at the way the women were treated in Afghanistan. We didn't give a crap about it until 9.11. We couldn't give a flying crap about it less. We're also to go in with that Afghan pipeline, you know, start pumping that oil out of there. We're all gung ho we didn't give a crap up. They did to the women. And the same thing now with his brits with his jack the last straw that's thing with a brits yesterday about all the human rights abuses in Iraq. Interesting tining by the way, jacks straw. You are the last straw. And even MSD International says we've been screaming about that for 20 years. And none of you people give a crap about it then. But now that you're getting ready to go in there and drop law bomba now all of us know my god, they're giving acid bats in their guessing people. Yeah, well, they've been doing that for all along with our and we were laughing and looking the other way. We loved it. And then interesting how the public sucked the public in this country is so stupid. And nobody anything. Anything. How much? For a hom job. Problem is after 10 at 5 60 WQA. It's here the holiday shopping and schlepping season. Never where you go traffic and lines parking hassles. It's a real pain in the grass. If you need a new mattress, do you really want to be out of slept around in this kind of a situation? No, absolutely not. So do the smart thing like I do and like George did on Friday and like everybody else called a bedding experts at 1 800 m. That's a number for dialometres. Even the recalcitrant Miguel did that. Now's the time to call 1 800 m. Chris gets you to my first today in sleep like a baby tonight. The dialometres carries the areas largest inventory of top quality ceiling, sorta, Simmons and Kingcroll mattresses. I should know I've been sleeping out of dialometres for years and my back is lovely even nicer than mows. And delivery is unbeatable. You get same data delivery evenings weekends more tallities. They have a 99% on time delivery record. Call now have you new mattress and as little as two hours or choose the date and time most convenient for you. They're not like the cable company that gives you the eight hour window or speciness it around all day long and then sometimes still is even show up. Also when I get there dialometres takes away the crappy smelly old bedding and sets up the brand new one for you. So if you're a snowboard just come and back you're rid of the old mattress and have you relax on a brand new one. You'll be sleeping better than you did at home like in connect to get. Call dialometres right now. Tull free 1 800 mattress of all the holiday shoppers. Don't waste all your time money going from store to store for the best mattress that even better. Price is called 1 800 mattress 1 800 m. ATTR ES for dialometres. The easiest possible way in the world to buy you a bed. You're supposed to be a 560. You a yeah. Take a piss me off. Baby launch a couple miss a hole. Oh. Torn a place we know. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. The ride. Hey, my Matt of Thel. Who's first name begins with. Oh. There's one thing we all understand. You're a calculator won't be finished until we blow up back a stand. We could chase around forever with our tanks and all our troops with special forces are so tired of jumping through with him who's. You don't need another plane. Let's cut out all the nonsense and go blow up back a stand. I've been an easy nuclear tank. Why don't we stop to see food and go blow up back a stand? What are you saying? 2018 at 560 WQA. So what do you think about those shoulder-rout fired missiles? Oh, I got three. See, one thing I'd call me stupid. Okay, but what I've never been able to understand are these arms dealers? Yeah. Yeah. What's the biggest ones? These, no, no, no. These mercenaries. I'm talking about like individuals. Yeah. I'm not talking about the countries. I'm talking about individuals. Six people said a piece about one of the most prominent ones. Yeah. I remember that. And they go around. They like a pedal to the highest bidder. Well, whatever you want. We got it. How about more of the hell did they get them? They buy them. Well, look at the gun at the gun show on a weekend. Oh, yeah. From our big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big. Like I understand that. I understand that. But it's not grow, test them just unshakable. It's just like, well, we're, we're gnashing our teeth about all these biological and chemical weapons. We weren't along with the Ruskis, the biggest manufacturer of these in a war. Then we were, we still are. We're still making them. We can't be bothered with any of those treaties. We're still pumping us stuff out. And of course, if a little bit of a get's out or a lot of a get's out, we can't control it. Or we got this guy turns out to be as counter spy. Well, that's the way it goes. Ha ha. Crap happens, man. And if there's anybody who believes this dog and pony show that's going on right out with these inspections, I mean, yeah, I guess maybe because we're in a holiday spirit, you know, we don't want to start even though Ramadan is over. We don't want to start dropping La Bomba right at Christmas and Hanukkah. I know it would be bad timing. Maybe you like right afterward though. But after New Year's. Because if there's anybody alive, I tell you right now, son of a farts and it's the wrong flavor. La Bomba. He can look right up there and see what a bomba. If he drops the bomba and it's the wrong flavor, he's going to get another bomba come right on his ass. It's just going to happen. So all the other crap with the inspectors and what all of these speeches, it's all posturing man. It's all it's already been decided longer go. I just mission that in passing. So what are you more concerned about with these airports being, you know? The risk or or cruise ships. How many years have I been screaming begging you people on this show? The one voice of reason, the one voice of sanity saying, don't waste your vacation money on those goddamn cruise ships. You're going to be sorry. You're going to be sick. You're going to be sorry. Your wife may get raped, did it or whatever your girlfriend or both. And now we got an epidemic. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said yesterday that investigators have begun looking into the cause of the latest outbreak of stomach sickness to marship cruise. The CDC staff was aboard the ship and working with carnival cruise lines to determine the root cause or source of the illness and spokesman Mike Grout. When in doubt call Mike Grout, the oldest appeared Sunday when 171 passengers and four crew members of the carnival cruise ship, fascination. Again suffering gastrointestinal symptoms. So Jennifer De La Cruz is a spokesman for the carnival corporation. De La Cruz. And then interesting? A funny how she spoke. Her name is Jennifer De La Cruz. Jennifer of the cruise. Line ship. Probably a funny name. The number is slightly more than 5% of the 243 passengers and 120 crew members who made the three day voyage to the Bahamas which got underway on Friday. That'll teach him to go to the Bahamas in the first place. What a crap old man. What a toilet. De La Cruz said the cruise line presumed that the symptoms were caused by the Norwalk virus as was the case with other reach networks on cruise ships. We're treating it like it was a Norwalk like virus De La Cruz said. The Norwalk virus is one of the most common causes of gastrointestinal illness and tends to strike people and confines spaces said they've 40. Chief of the CDC's vessel sanitation program. The virus can be transmitted personally by consuming contaminated food or water. Upregs have currigledly on land for me said. In cruise ship outbreaks occur several times a year. Another great reason to get you out of cruise. Be a captive audience out there. I love when I go during hurricanes. You know they get in the car. The police hurricanes. I love that. And I think that people, whatever they get. If you're that dumb you go you deserve it. You deserve to be puking your guts out and having wild diarrhea. If you're stupid enough to go out of cruise ship you must be an idiot. You're captive audience with a bunch of losers out there. Any idea the ships to know where the co-author in a gamble. Sure. You're not complaining money on those. I did that. That's you do what I did with my first gambling experience. I want 150 bucks. Woo. I started with five. Well if I had an old net that's going to change a lot about that birthday. I'll tell you that right now. Any opera and is that contract forget about that? Who needs that? I wouldn't worry about it. I'm not. I get it. I just as normer can't would say forget about it. Emma, what up putty is you know how many weeks and months is this drag done? Now and he can't even get something as simple and basic done as that. I get poor little Georgia is contract on George the human the bartering chip boy. Just tragic normer you are a waste. You're useless. Good golly. If I was you I'd go out to the swing club like whenever they're open again. Are they just a means to open? Yeah, yes. I think I want to get busted. He can help me with stuff like that. But give you a contract. I mean forget about that. I mean with perverts he's good with that. That's how I'm at him. Any opera. What are you talking about? Any or a pervert you've got to have a good lawyer like that. Any opera serve concerned to us. He said the cruise lines are doing everything they can to address the problem. Sunday's outbreak on the fascination was the third. Saturation report. You turn nearly 500 passengers and crew aboard the last two voyages of the Disney cruise ship magic. For a little bit of no walk virus. It was it was magic. It was tragic. Oh my god. What is wrong with you people man? When are you going to learn? Yeah, so most people have such limited vacation time am I right? Yeah. And most people also have a limited vacation budget. Right. So you put those things together and it means this is something you want to like the association would say cherish. You want to cherish it. You want to save it. You want to enjoy it. You want to take all the nice snapshots and pictures and put in your goddamn photo album. So something nice memories as opposed to like puke and crap in your guts out on some damn cruise ship. And then these people say, oh but they just have lots and lots of food. Yeah, but it's all crap. Lots and lots of food. Those are the same people you see at the cheap buffet's. Not the animal coast by the way all these season fat people are too. At the really cheap buffet's. You know, like the people are worse to vagus than they can go to the buffet's. Right. What kind of a slob stands in line for an hour and a half out of a buffet so they can eat like for a 299 eat them just stuff their face. Well, certainly not that rich. He just though. No, he just picked up some of the houses of the table. What a disgrace that was Richie. We'll never forget about that. Yeah, but when you pay your thing, where which place was that? Was that the inner of house? Yeah. And don't buy the way. Don't ever go there. No, not. See there. You go. We already got that straightened out and I just had a dump. And don't say that again. A crowd. Don't say it again. Right. Yeah. Skinhead crowd. We were. We were. I'm talking about an individual in the hotel that gave me a hard time. Me and my wife when we were there trying to have a decent time. I could fix your ass so good. I just sit back in his chair. You ought to say me. I'm just leaning back in the chair. Look at that beautiful scene out there. The sun is shining. It's got it. It looks like Vegas out there. It's only about 100 of these colder but nevertheless. Now what were we just saying before you interrupted me so really? Oh, that fat rich. That rich. That's a buffet. Goes in there and when you pay your thing, they give you like a little stub and they tear it. They tear it and they put it on the table or they put it on the table to show that you've paid and then you can come and go and pick out. So somebody I guess had left one on her table. And fat rich being the cheap prick that he is. He goes and picks it up on somebody else's table. Sticks it on the table and he sits down it and then proceeds to go in like 20 or 30 refills and pick out at the buffet. I think it's brilliant. Yeah, I'm sure you would. One of the world's great free loaders that I've ever encountered is the fat man. Not that I would. I would have a sense to do that. Now you understand why he just had to wishly go through that thing where they had like squeeze his balls back down the size and you say you're laughing. Oh, no, I'm in retrospect. Now he told me don't mention this that when it was going on but now that he's back to normal thank goodness and seems to be doing okay and is still alive. Now we can joke about it but it was no life. I mean, it looked like he had a football between his legs. Good, golly Miss Molly. Anyway, he's okay. Now what were you just saying about the MGM grand? That's the place I like 10 27 just shut up already. We can please see I go from one or two to the other. I got the girl last week who won't say anything. Now I get this maniac back again who's obviously on heavy duty drugs today and he's a bop, bop, bop, I just can't shut him up. Who's through that has nothing to do with it. I don't want to hear about it. I don't want to. On a year about it tell the audience that treasure island that'll be a nice incentive to get him to come out to build cydles and start that asshole with the fanny pack. Get some different people out there to see it. That'll be an incentive to tell all the true stories you want out there okay? You can even invite Al Goldstein to come out there and rip all of his friends. Oh. 10 27 at 560 WQA and let's face you. You've been here about fastening on this station until you ought to be an expert by now I would think. The facts are very easy. Even simple people out there which covers a lot of territory can finger it out. If you have the dedication fastening can provide you with the necessary training to get out of your dead end job to get out of that really low paying job and become a certified computer professional. According to Time magazine that the man for computer professionals will continue to explode. The average student completes the training and is to foreshare a must attend a school three nights a week. Once you complete your certification fast rate can help you out and obtain your great new high-paying computer job. That's what it's all about. Fast-trained advice you to come in and visit our train career counselor and determine which track is ideal for you. Is it CO2DOWNS? Is it Lebanon? Is it Jackson Hardest Raceway? Maybe it's Tavye Downs? Or maybe it's Mohawk? Call Fast-trained Tool 3 at 1-866 fast-trained a setup and appointment. With fork convenient locations there's Baudaby at fast-trained near you. There are Miami Kindle, Pembroke Pies and Fort Lauderdale, Tony Kruitt and Gratjermayat are waiting for you. Don't forget to ask the queer counselor for listeners to just like yourself who are currently in their dream jobs thanks to the great training they got at fast-trained. You can be a great new job before a spring. Call them right now. Tool 3 at 1-866 fast-trained. That's 1-866 fast-trained or check them out on the web if you like at fast-trained.com. Mr. Mouse? What the hell are you doing to me? What do you mean sir? Why am I reading in the paper? You're going to put a Disney theme park in Brooklyn? Well sir we're just scouting locations. Jesus I'm scouting CEOs you are killing me! But sir look what we've done with New York City Times Square. Point in seconds please. Hang on! Grimmit! Grimmit! Pull off the vacuum cleaner! Raman! Get that blue burn all the hair! Okay boss. If you guys are but sir look what we've done with New York City Times Square. I'm going to walk publicly I support it that but you took all the porn away you're telling me I'm going through Gamma's Conway Pads. We're just scouting areas calm down. I'm going to need but much don't tell me to calm down. Lucky would we low in state to $128 million. No you're trying to ruin the whole network. What kind of programming are you running? Hang on a minute. The big you go. Grimmit! Yes sir. You got blue burn crap all over your shoulder! It's way in your cell phone for heaven's sake. And can't open up your planer. Okay bro. Good God. Sir the network is fine. You could come up with American Idol. Good God. You're still running James Bob movie. There's 60 years old. Why don't you just put steam box rolling on and be done with it. We found make a couple of damn dollars. Well the movie division's fine. You mentioned we were when fishing now we have the new M.N.I. Chumman movie coming all later on. Oh I got signs. What the hell does that mean? Stop sign yield sign. You got to start swinging some of these titles past me. Please. Raman. Raman. Get evil. I know you can hear me. Raman. You're still running the bucket. Yes sir. I'm not going to run the bucket. Get out of here. Raman please take that blue burn crap. All right. I sir. Yes sir. I'd be very careful the next time I started my car. If I were you. What do you mean? I'm not done with you. What? What? Surveys? Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop. I don't like the theme. Do you want the dreamers? Um... What a wonderful day. Get out of here. You're not back. We have to get out of here. You're not back. We're not back. I'm saying you're not back. What are you saying? For me. I'm not back. I'm not back. I'm not back. I'm not back. I'm not back. No, those most qualified should always come first 25 82.3% of us said that. Yes, 31.31 people out there 12.4% say we support affirmative action, which of course is ridiculous. And only for college admissions 13.5.2%. Here is a great column. Not a good column, a great column by William Rasberry and yesterday's Washington Post. Ready? Ready. This is not too long. It's short. I got some long stuff, though, coming up. I bet you can't wait to hear about the bush dynasty in the Cuban criminals. Oh, yeah, well. From the London Guardian, but anyway, we'll do this first, please. William Rasberry says, I've been trying to figure out why people like Attorney General John asked Cross-Fritany. More accurately, I've been trying to figure out how to say in a way that makes sense. I think I know the source of my fear, the danger of an imposed theocracy. To those who don't already agree with me would seem fair to lump AskCrop in with a religious political right crowd that would shove its version of the religious truth on our throats. The won't seem fair. There's nothing evil appearing about AskCrop. He seems only to have the strength of his convictions, including his deeply held religious convictions. He doesn't rail at us. He doesn't preach fire and brimstone. He's mild-mannered and earnest. Yet he and people like him seem to hold a view of what America or any rate ought uh is or what are and any rate ought to be that is based not on the civic virtues of what we're so proud, but on specifically religious ones. And I fear that he would take every fair chance to make his views the American view. What's wrong with that? Isn't that one of the reasons people get into politics or become civically active or right newspaper columns? And I'm talking about anything beyond the fact that I'm on one side and people like the Attorney General are on the other and for now prevailing side? I think so, but I find it hard to express in words that make sense to those who hold a different view. Take the subject of what to teach our children about our origins. Evolution seems such an obvious truth, religious beliefs and scientific arguments not with standing, that it seems clear to me we ought to teach evolution perhaps with a mention that other people hold a different view. But suppose I don't mean to impute this belief to ask, Crop, you believe that a six day creation is the obvious truth and suppose you're in a position to help your belief become the dominant view. Wouldn't you want our children to have access, real access not just a perfunctory mention to this truth? Do you see why it's hard to talk about the why should I be frightened? Here's why. People for whom religion is the source of wisdom and truth whose religious and civic lives are seamlessly connected and who hold governmental authority must be greatly tempted to do what they can to place truth on the throne. Maybe they have to make the effort. But isn't that just the effort that was made by the Taliban? Doesn't that urge or something like a drive to religious zealotry that ultimately justifies much of international terrorism? Aren't those right-thinking clerics and Ijiri who want to still net allegedly adult or swoman to death? But who seem will we look the other way with regard to our sexual partner acting out of their sense of truth? We are a long way from establishing anything like the Taliban and America, but not far at all from having imposed on us a version of truth that would justify the suspension of our civil liberties and other constitutional inconveniences. We won't still need but a death for objecting you having their computers downloaded, or for declining to recite the pledge of allegiance or rescipping under God in the Adendum. But there are those who would extract the price for these breaches and evidence that the rest of us might let them if only for the duration of the crisis. It is silly, is it silly to fear that if religious-based political conservatism holds power for a few more years, we'll have more crises, more erosens of civil liberties and a dead-dense sense of resistance? Will some later they passed their name or have to record that they came for the terrorist that came for the sympathizers, the loony liberals while good people did nothing? Do I assume that the religio political right is so fundamentally evil that if given happen chance it will do bad things to the rest of us? No, I think power combined with the view that those in power must not distinguish between the religious and civic selves is dangerous whatever it's source, for now the source is the right. The genius of America, whatever made this polyglot, polycultural, polychromatic nation such as success, is that it is managed to devise a civic religion less doctrinally specific but no less devoutly held that can coexist with the gamut of our private religions. A civic religion in danger too, ask when you're mass-grain yesterday's Washington Post. A little bit nervous about John Asgroff, I can't imagine why. The bush dynasty and the Cuban criminals, I think I better do the break first don't you? Well how long is it? It's long enough. And then talking back to talk radio time to take back our airwaves, what a great column this guy is very long. I never ever it's like five pages I'm in well four pages plus by Tom Harmon, it's exactly what I've been screaming about right on target from common dreams new center. New law requires high schools to cooperate with Pentagon on recruiting are you where that? You had a blurb about that a couple weeks ago through that and not too many people noticed that they're going to stuck it in some federal and defederal education law. They stuck a little liner to in there about it. bankruptcy talks to Roman Boston Catholics there whipped up into a frenzy about that they see what it's all about. The scam? Let's just do chapter 11 chapter 12 of 1314 to our added. Or let's at least talk about it lots of we can scare these hot shot attorneys into making their client settle for like a fraction of what they ought to be getting. And you know something when you say what they ought to be getting there is no price no price to repay those people correct whose lives have been twisted and turned upside down by these pedophile priests and the institution has grown test corrupt institution that covered it all up and pretended to be looking the other way. And they're still doing the same thing by the way nothing has changed talking about a dog and pony show that was all a pile of bull crap. Twenty before 11 at five sixty wq and we got the mad dog from Shulostake two at one we got Hank with what's his name? Patrick Sir Tan will be in there three that I think I think after his performance on Sunday out of changes named back to Sir Tan O2 Carlos. Yeah in fact I changed my name to Joe Smith after that game he played and anyway Hank 3 to 7 you got her a cool warm up 7 or clock 7 30 a U. M. at F. A. You basketball with Joseph Gacky and whoever does cover on their river figure out who does cover on the basketball games Josh. Clarence yep. Clarence is doing cover on about how that's right current's did a basketball game the other day how did he do because Joseph Gacky was doing the football game in Syracuse. I've never heard of well let's get some spy reports on how current's did on the basketball game any K. At ten o'clock after the U. M. Gaman and Joe Mark overnight. Let me tell you about a great product for your health right now we've heard us talk about this on a show for a long time you ought to be popping out right now what are you waiting for? O'Leo Med. Great stuff. O'Leo Med Mediterranean for a musher advanced combination to the finest olive oil that you'll find anywhere with vitamins and minerals or rules. Other nutrients they're all packed in there in those little capsules scientifically designed to provide natural nutrition solutions to help you support specific health needs. Have one for your mind. One to help you control your cholesterol etc and now they have three great new formulas. One to help you sleep. One to help you control your weight and cook you 10 which is stupid and money important for your heart. All using the benefits like I said of the best olive oil you can find. By the way what did you say about the Parthenon and the Pantheon? Uh the Parthenon is in Athens and the Pantheon is in Rome. What are you trying to tell you? Cedarian go to French steel and once again steel and there's just like they stole the language from the Italians and then they've buttured it up anyway. Did they steal from the Italians? Yes it's Latin based. Understand it's like you've fixed the word but Lee at least this fix made a pretty sound in language when the Spaniards speak it. Not you guys. But he defraves the frogs when I got a roll. You don't like it because the Spaniards speak with the lift. I'm not talking about the casteons. I'm talking about the speakle over the speaker. Specs who speak as speaking a right right. The Fagnolis. Like Luis Miguel he'd be speaking a right. And he don't have no lift. All we probably should. All you might as a great new product that's available at public records and Walgreens if you like the ad moron. And by the way, Mariah the answer is still no. For more information call Oliomed Tool 3 at 1-86-Oriomed. That's 1-86-66-6536-3633. In order to their products online at oliomedamerica.com. And don't forget here's some of the most shocking news of the century. If you visit nearest public and buy you an Oliomed product in date or a Broward, you can still get that coupon good for a free Larry Coke or Babelhead doll. Okay. Well supplies last. Don't forget to visit their sampling pavilion at Sports Center every Sunday with the offensive plan home games like this coming weekend. Pick up some free information and Oliomed samples. And for your health, start popping some Oliomed in your push real soon. Rye in local. We are SportsWideal 5-60s you and you. The first. This holiday. Get your despised relatives and hated friends of fruitcake. They're even less likely to touch than ordinary fruitcakes. Get them a Christopher Lowell fruitcake. I'm Christopher Lowell and I've been working long and hard in my kitchen to bring you a fruitcake that's packed to the rim with sweet meats. Oh ho ho another one's ready. I just love the golden brown color that big hole in the mouth. I just want to wrap my lips around it right now. Don't you? Of course. Because there's a little bit of Christopher in every Christopher Lowell fruitcake. That's right honey. I hand-selected all the nuts and candy fruits in every one of these delicious concoction. And wait till you get to the creamy center. That's one fruitcake that's really got spawned. And that's all. My Christopher Lowell fruitcakes. Don't contain any cherries. So don't delay. Order your Christopher Lowell fruitcake today because Christmas is coming. Hmm. Don't I know it. To talk. I want to heat up Peter Clayton. 1045 at 5.60 WQAM. 277 votes on a pool. Do you support a Hermit of Action? No. Those most qualified should always come first. 230. Yes 33. Only for college admissions 14. Yes. The bush dynasty and the Cuban criminals this is from the British paper the Guardian. The brother of President George Bush, the Florida Governor Jim Bush, has been instrumental on securing the release from prison of militant Cuban exiles convicted of terrorist offenses according to a new book. The bush family is also accommodated to the demands of Cuban exile hardliners and exchange for electoral and financial support to book be sand. Last year after 9.11 while the justice department outs the sweep of terrorist suspects, Cubans convicted of terrorist offenses were being released from US jails with a consent of the Bush administration recorded the book, Cuba confidential, love and vengeance in Miami and Havana by Anliwees Bardack, the award-winning investigative journalist who has covered Cuban and Miami politics for the New York Times and vanity fair. The Bush family connections go back to 1984 when Jim Bush began a close association with Camilo Padrera Padrera, a former intelligence officer with a Batista dictator ship overthrow by Castro. Jeff Bush was in the chairman of the date County Republican Party and Padrera was its finance chairman. Padrera had earlier been a data 9500 thousand dollar investment charge along with a fellow exile Hernandez Cartaya but the charges were dropped reportedly after the CIA stated that Cartaya had worked for them. Padrera later played a guilty to defrauding the housing and urban development department of millions of dollars during the 1980s. The president's younger brother was also on the payroll in the 80s of the prominent Cuban exile Miguel Riccari who had earlier assisted the CIA in attempts to assassinate Padrera Castro. Riccari who went international medical centers IMC, employed Jeff Bush as a real estate consultant and paid him a $75,000 fee for finding a company in new location, although the move never took place which raised questions at the time. Jeff Bush did however lobby the Reagan slash Bush administration vigorously and successfully on behalf of Riccari and IMC. I want to be very wealthy Jeff Bush told the mommy news one question during that period of time. In 1985, Jeff Bush acted as a conduit on behalf of supporters of the Riccari when contours with his father than the vice president and helped arrange for IMC to provide free medical treatment for the contours. Riccari was later charged with massive Medicare fraud but fled the U.S. before his trial and is now fugitive. Jeff Bush sealed his popularity with a Cuban exile community by acting as campaign manager for another prominent Cuban American Indiana gross latemen, Rosanna Dana, when she ran successfully for Congress. George Bush senior famously appeared with her during her campaign in Miami declaring, I am certain in my heart I will be the first American president to step foot on the sole of a free and independent Cuba. She has since lobbied successfully for the release of several exiles convicted of terrorist defenses held in U.S. jails but who now live freely in Miami. Most controversially at the request of Jeff, Mr. Bush senior intervened to release the convicted Cuban terrorist Orlando Bosch from prison and incranted the U.S. residency. According to the Justice Department in George Bush senior administration, Bosch had participated more than 30 terrorist acts. It was convicted of firing a rocket into a Polish ship which was on a passage to Cuba. It was also implicated in the 1976 blowing up a Cuban airplane flying to Havana from Venezuela in which also many three civilians on board were killed. CIA and Iranians suggest strongly according to Barash's book that Bosch was one of the conspirators and quotes the then-secretary of state Henry Kissinger as writing that the U.S. government had been planning to suggest Bosch's deportation before Cuban Airlines crashed to replace for a suspected involvement in other terrorist acts and violation of his parole. Bosch's release often referred to in the U.S. media as a pardon was a result of pressure brought by hardline Cubans in Miami which Jeff Bush serving as their point man. Bosch now lives in Miami remains unrepent about his militant activities according to Barash. In July of this year, Jeff Bush nominated Raul Contero the grandson of Batista as a Florida Supreme Court judge despite his lack of experience. Mr. Contero had previously represented Barash and acted as his spokesman once describing Barash on Miami radio as a great Cuban patriot. Other Cuban exiles involved in terrorist acts was a den deonicio of SWATA's and Virginia Pazero Merrill who carried out the 1976 assassination of the Chilean diplomat Orlando Latte and Washington have also been released by the current Bush administration. The current administration also maintains a hardline on the continuing Cuban embargo despite the origins of many in Mr. Bush's own party to wind it. The president's adviser Carl Roeve has urged him to fully accommodate hardliners and returned for electoral victories for both his brother and himself, Barash's book says. For their help, many hardline Cuban Americans have received plumb jobs in the coronavirus administration. Mel Martinez, the Orlando Republican, who arranged for the shipwreck Cuban boy Elian Gonzalez to visit Disney World, was made housing secretary while Otto Reich was awarded one year of recess appointment for the Washington Hemisphere in the State Department. Ever seen him? No. Otto, Blon, Bluite, German, R E I C H, right. Right. Yeah. Well, he must have a little spick in him somewhere. In the grid. At any rate. So there's a little something for it. That's another good reason why Jeb got we elected governor. Oh, I was going there, Jeb's there. He wanted to become very rich and make a lot of money and guess what somehow he did. And good old meal, Bush's back in and again, what was great. He's got his nose in the education system. Just amazing how you people and Florida, you never met a crooked in the like. Let's stick him in here again, whether it's John Lamello, whether it's a Ronald Martinez, no matter who the hell it is. Never met a gangster a crook that they didn't love. Am I right about that or what? That's it. Now this thing, this is going to take me forever to read this. They're going to get very well, maybe I should take a call or two first. Do you think we have any? One call. We have a call. See this works out fine because then you won't say, well, Jeb already did what's due to those bedtime stories. Hey, well, I'm fine. Think a few calls and we took a couple so far. Here's another one from Palm Beach, hello. But just listening on hold. Yeah. That's what you're packed to. It is rich, Pat. What do you mean you're listening on hold? What calls that mean? I got jury duty. Somebody stored your radio. jury duty. Okay, hold on. I only forgot what I do that. He's got jury duty. Is this not holding an overage factor? I should have a little bit of a list of there. Yep. What about that? Paul Harvey Jr. Is he an asshole or what? I'm so glad you finally came around. But I'm more on. The worst. Somebody must have passed the warning that I was mentioned in my year he calls in. Oh, well, I listened to Tony Bruno every day. I've had forgotten what a sports nerdy is and he don't even know anything about sports. I told the years ago. He's an asshole. Okay. Hang on. There's a good buddy rich practice. Yeah, what? Not an aisle like rich. He's a good guy rich factor. He's seen when he facts his those. He's not a chronic fact. So they're just, you know, he don't even want his name on here. He just passes along stuff that's useful. Is it good guy? Yep. But you know me, I try to like pacify everybody. I try to be the peacemaker. You know, blessed are the peacemakers. How does that go? The cheese makers. Blessed are the cheese makers because they can really cut it. But at any rate then he was right. I was wrong. Paul Harvey Jr. is a major asshole. I should have known that. He was like a big stand major fan. That's where he came from, by the way. He wasn't one of my listeners. He was a stand major groupie. What does that tell you? Uh-huh. Man. Brother. Let me start this now because this is going to carry over from now probably into the middle of the mad dog show. But I don't care because this is a heavy duty crap. Talking back to talk radio it's time to take back our air waves by Tom Hartman, Common Dreams News Center. Published this past weekend of our 30th Saturday. All Democrats are fat, lazy and stupid. The talk show host said in grave serious tones, is that he were uttering a sacred truth. We were driving the Michigan for the holidays and I was turning around listening for the stations I'd work for for two and three decades ago. I turned the dial. It's a handy for humanity house at different hosts said, adding that the habitat for humanity home. He'd apparently hijacked for his own self promotion, but only be given to a family that's where it's conservative. No liberals are going to get this house he said. Turning the dial again, we found a convicted felon, ranting about the importance of government having ever more powers to monitor and investigate and prosecute American citizens without having to worry about constitutional human rights protections. Apparently combining a nationwide German police agency following the terrorist attack of February 1933 when the parliament building was set a fire into one giant anti-terrorism agency was a lesson of history this guy completely forgotten. Neither apparently the most Americans we call that the single most powerful device used to bring about the SS and its political master was radio. Is history repeating itself? Setting aside the shrill and its nonsensical efforts of colter Lucian Goldberg and others who suggest the media America's liberal. The situation with regard to talk radio is especially perplexing the most people, it doesn't even carry a pretense of political balance. While the ever subtle al-Gorrissian league came right out and said that much of the media are part and parcel of the Republican Party, those who listen to talk radio know the medium has won so far to the right that even why it has now were a very goldwater would be repelved. Centers to progressives across the nation are asking how could it be that a small fringe of the extreme right has so cap to the nation's airways? And done it in such an effective fashion that when the attack post like Tom Bashill he and his family actually get increased numbers of death threats. How was it that millions of Americans actually believe the pronouncements of ex-fehlens like John Pointext is protg Ali North and Nixon's former burglar G Gordon Litty? How was it that ideologues like Rush Limbaugh can propagate lies and have truths to the overed benefit of hard-write Republicans and avoid a return of the dead since Reagan fairness doctrine and get around the deserved American public for fairness by claiming what they do is just entertainment. And given the nomination of talk radio by this new right, there's that word again. Why is it that the vast majority of talk radio stations across the nation never want even an occasional centrist or progressive show in the midst of their all-white all the time programming day? Even with the right within the radio industry itself there's astonishment. Yes. Program directors and station managers claim they have to program only right-wing hosts. They point out that when the insert even a few hours of elect of center host into a typical talk radio day the stations phone lines led up with angry flaming reactions from listeners even advertisers get calls of protest. Just last month a radio station manager told me solemnly only right-wingers listen to radio anymore the lefties would rather read. Let me do the break. Okay. Let's go sound like but it's important because it's right on target and I've been screaming about this for a long time and then they keep going on there. Oh no you're wrong liberal media liberal media Dan Ratherinda and who else well. Right. Oh I never got the James Carville and Paul Bagalla. I know it's a funny balloony shows those contrived shows you know where they sit around and screaming each other and he audience. Whatever you know. Very very bizarre pathetic 298 votes on our pool. Do you support affirmative action? 246 say no 82 and a half percent. The most qualified should always come first period. 35 people said yes. 17 yes but only for college admission. That's where our pool stacks up at the moment. But I say 1057 a QA. I'm not enough. I just did. There's never been a better a smarter time to value a new home or refinance you're existing one. How about this? How about a rate of 3.95 percent? That's correct. Financial group can offer you an unprecedented 3.95 percent. You've got to call him to find out how this works. Confinential group at their tool free number 1 809 401 D. That's 1 809 4053 63 the money you're going to save is okay. Think about it you can get a hundred thousand dollar loan for 1 450 bucks a month. Get you a 200 thousand dollar loan for 1 950 bucks a month. The process is simple and you're going to save yourself a crapload of cash this year and every year. So college with friends at financial group can all the details call 1 809 401. There's never been a better a smarter time to get you a little interest rates of confidential group and you'll be on your way to big tax savings. Financial group is an equal housing lender. Credit restrictions do apply and rates is something to change. So column right now 1 809 401 D. That's 1 809 4053 63. My Okay, 11 o'clock in 560 Q I'm going back to pure articles on audio for one day anyway okay. If timeshick it or like it. That's my message to you okay, Tom. Go back and we need to funny papers. Packing up on paragraph it says program directors and station managers spend they have to program only right wing hosts. They've put out the winner in certain even a few hours of left of center to host into a typical talk radio day. The station's phone lines let up with angry flaming reactions from listeners even advertisers get calls of protest. Just last month the radio station manager told me solemnly only right wingers list the radio anymore the lefties would rather rather read. How could this be? After all a Democrat one of majority of the popular vote in the last presidential election with more votes in any other Democratic candidate in the entire history of the nation. How could it be that there are no democratic or progressive voices in major national radio syndication and only a small handful and parcel syndication or local shows. The issue is important for two reasons. First, in a nation that considers itself a Democratic Republic, the institutions of democracy are impurled by a lack of balance national debate on issues of critical importance. Demagoguery from either end of a political spectrum is not healthy for democracy when there are no posing voices. Second, for those progressives looking for good investment, what's happened recently in the radio industry represents a business opportunity of significant proportions. The station manager I talked with his wrong because of something in science known as sample bias. Here's why the talk radio scene is so dominated by the right and how can change first of very brief history. When radio first became a national force in 1920s and 30s, most stations programmed everything country western music would be followed by big band followed by Mozart followed by drama or comedy. Everything was jumbled together and people needed the newspaper program guides to know when to listen to what. As the market matured and drama and comedy moved to television radio stations realized there were specific market segments and niches within those segments to wish they could program. And they realized that people within those niches had very specific tastes. Country western listeners only wanted to hear country western, big band put them off in classical music put them to sleep. Classical music fans on the other hand became irritated when country western or early versions of rock and roll came on here and rock fans clicked off the moment Frank Sinatra came on. So all of the as those of us who worked in the business saw stations began to program into these specific musical niches and led to a new renaissance and profit when following the radio business. But to make money in the new world of radio that emerged in the 50s you had to be true to your niche. If when I was a country western DJ I had tried to drop in a song safe from the Beatles my listeners were gone ballistic calling in angrily complaining. Similarly when I was doing morning drive time rock it would have been suicide drop in formance of Mozart, smart programmers know to hold always true to their niche and their listeners. At first radio talk shows were seen as a way of fulfilling FCC community service requirements in the late 1960s and early 70s when I was reporter and news anchor at WITLA MFM in Lansing, Michigan we had an afternoon talk show that ran from to the 3 PM. Usually hosted by the station's general manager the late Chuck Drake and sometimes fill and hosted by us in the new staff the show was overtly run the Santa side of the FCC's mandate that station served the public interest. Thus our talk show focused mostly on public interest issues from local national politics after the lost dog reports and we tried hard to present all view points fairly as was then required by the furnace doctrine. In that we were following a long radio tradition. Modern talk radio was a major force in America started in 1926 when Catholic priest father Charles E. Coagland took the air waves by the mid 1930s as many as a full third of the entire nation and estimated 45 million people listening was weekly broadcasts. His downfall and the end of the 15 year era of talk radio he both created in dominant came in the early 1940s when the nation was at war and Hitler was shipping millions of Jews to the death camps. For reasons still unknown Alzheimer's is suspected, Coagland launched into hard-wired anti-Semitic tie-wraids in his broadcast, blaming an international Jewish conspiracy for communism, the great depression, World War II and most of the world's other hills. His sudden shift to the radical right discussed it as listeners and let us appear as the Catholic Church to demand that he retire from radio and returned to his parish duties where he died in relative obscurity. Many say the furnace doctrine came in about partly because of Coagland. A generation later a new father Coagland emerged in the form of Rush Limbaugh, an articulate and competent talk show host of Sacramento who came to the attention of a group of conservative investors looking to see the fabulous lead popper, popular liberal talker Alan Berg and to bring balance to America's air waves. In June of 1984, the year Rush began issues talk on San Crossec tomatoes KFBK, Berg was machine gunned to death by Wright Wingers. Within four years Rush rose to National Status by offering his program Fee of Charge, to stations across the nation. Station managers not being business dumb, he's laid off local talent and picked up Rush's show free leading to a national phenomena. The Limbaugh show was one of America's greatest radio success stories spreading from state to state faster than any modern talk show it done before. Coagland began on a national network, Rush still does never anything close to his listenership. And Station managers discovered there was a small about four to five million nationally but a loyal group of radio listeners who embraced Rush's brand of vitriol, fear and smear and overt heart rights spin, believing every word he said even though he claimed it was just entertainment to avoid a reemergence of the furnace doctrine. The sudden success of Rush led local radio station program was to look for more of the same. There was a sudden demand for Rush, Rush, or clone talkers who could meet the needs of nations Rush bonded listeners and the all-right wing talk all day radio format emerged dominated by Limbaugh in limbo clones in both style and political viewpoint. Thus the extreme fringe of the right wing dominates talk radio not because all radio listeners are right wingers but instead because it was the first with a consistent and predictable programming slant the first large niche in a new and emergent talk segment of the radio industry. Listers always know what they'll get with Rush or one of his clones and programming to a loyal line and fire of audiences both the dream and the necessity of every radio station's management. And Station managers know they face stray away from right wingers for the talk program they'll get angry listeners and lose advertisers which brings us to the opportunity this represents for progresses radio stations and those interested in bringing balance to nation's airwaves. Going back to the music programming is to think of Rush clone talk as if it were countrywester music. It's unique instantly recognizable and has a loyal and definable audience just like any of these specific music niches. This explains why nearly impossible to successfully program progressive talk in a halfway fashion that it's always been tried and often failed up to today. The rules are the same as in music programming any competent radio station program directly knows they'll get angry listeners if they drop an hour of rock and roll into a cup of Western programming day. It's equally easy to predict that if you would drop an hour or three of a progressive talker like Mike Maloy or Peter Warby and would date emanating by Rush and his clones the listeners would be outraged. After all those particular listeners thought they were tuned into an all-rush clone all day long station. But that response doesn't mean as conservative as in the radio industry suggests that there is no market for progressive talk radio. What it does mean is that there's not yet an awakening in the broadcast industry to the reality that they're missing a huge unserved market. But like with right wing talk for progressive talk radio to succeed it will have to be programmed consistently throughout the day and with talent as outrageous and interesting as Rush and his most successful clones. The key to programming per progressive talk is to realize that talk radio isn't a monolithic niche it's matured into a category like music didn't the fifthies and within that category there are multiple niches including the very large niches of conservative talk relationship advice talk and progressive talk and smaller niches of travel talk investment talk medical talk etc. Most station programmers who've tried a liberal talker for an hour or two only to get angry responses from ditto heads think this means only extreme right wing talkers and ideally convicted felons for those who declare war on liberals will make money for their station. But the irrefutable evidence of national elections and polls show so sucks to many is a mistake. All they need to do is when anybody with music program experience would recommend identify their niche and stick with it. By programming all progressive talk all day long stations can open up a new niche and write it to success and with workwing iid the logs in charge of our government the time has never been better. As Rush showed during the Clinton years the peak of his success issues talk thrives best in an underdog environment it's the American psyche to give a fair listen to people challenging the party in power. Those stations that take the plunge into while progressive talk all day long for a Marvel serve democracy by offering a lower lap position which Americans always appreciate in order to healthy revenues and industry words increasingly difficult to find a profitable niche. And whichever network is first to take time to educate station owners to this simple reality and provide a solid 24 hour day of progressive programming will do the American people of service while also building a strong viable and financially healthy business. If you're in the business consider seriously this advice from an old radio station programmer and if you listen to radio call your local stations and let the know that you want to hear progressive voices and will even patronize the advertisers of such shows when they run them. It's time to take back America's air waves and return balance to our national dialogues. This is written by Tom Hartman's author of unequal protection derives of corporate dominance and detective human rights. Pretty good huh? Love it. Sounds good to me Norma. Sounds real good to me. That's the same Norma can't that can't even get you your new contract the science yield and the liver? Even Steven Wanger got it science yield and liberty can see two feet in front of his nose. Pretty sad Norma. Pretty weak. Here's a call from Lake Worth you think they're there hello. Lake Worth. How do you like it so far? Great. Let's try Miami hello. Miami. Two for two yeah two for the excellent you wanted calls baby there you go and there's two of them and that's the only two we had. Ficed in probably a couple of ditto heads. 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. Man just like that guy said to the end of the show yesterday. How can you be in touch with what would the beaten the feel and everything at this time? When you're doing the show out of town man I can feel I can smell it. Boy I can hear it I can't it was last two. See I'm out of the room it's a very you know compelling argument he makes but I'm not buying it because let me sit again the people who are progressive or liberal whatever word you want to use today whatever word is permissible to be used. They're they're just that I mean you got old Jews you got your marches you got the some his fanics but certainly not in South Florida you got some facts that's it that's all it is in some feminists like Martha Burke but as far as the mainstream I mean you're talking you don't take a look again at that map take a look at what most of the countries made up of. Here's one in Miami hello. Hey how are you doing now? Okay. I don't want. Yes sir. Have you ever seen that Christopher Lowell show? No. You've never seen him? I've been to Christopher Lowell. I've seen him but I haven't seen his show. Okay. He's very flaming. You know Orlando Bosch is now an artist right? Great. Yeah yeah he's an artie guy and as far as a rush hope it does. Okay great call. See one of them centers three for three. Yep never changed never going to change. Great article Tom Hartman but obviously the place to start in in South Florida you're into that. Oh forget about it. In addition just like our good friend Lynn Samuels anytime anybody of any importance puts a liberal on a year the right wingers drum them off the air like they did to hurt WBC that's what they do. They call them a bitch and they mone and they scream and they complain and they do their usual because that's what they want. They want one voice on all day. They want to control the whole media. These are the same people are screaming about the liberal media and that was supposed to be bad but it's okay if we have an all right wing control media and all that propaganda nonstop all day all along like the article said and for us on this show forget about it. But I'm you know I'm happy to read some of this stuff because there might be two or three people out there who you know might have absorbed some of it and arrested my going. Woo hoo! When we talk about the dolphin game again. What are we going to talk about the huracles man? Are we I guess you're only half blessed this week you know after the game on Sunday in Buffalo? I guess we're only I'm the only half blessed. Half blessed and half cursed which leaves us between a rock and a very sad place. 12 minutes after 11 at 5.60 WCM and you shop for quality footwear. Let me tell you something right now. Brandease is the only name that should pop in your mind immediately about sooner because it brandease shows you a fine and unbeatable combination. People are weighed on you who really give you personal service who know feet inside and out and you find the top names and the shoe business at unbeatable prices. Rockports, SAS, Spiris, Timberland, Naturalizer and lots more which is why brandease has been going strong for so many years and people keep coming back over and over again and usually by several periods time they come in because they know they can't get a better deal anywhere. Brandease is open daily 9 to 9 every Sunday 10 to 5 and you'll find them in their same great location 1290 North Federal Highway in Pompano Beach and it's a great time to buy rockports even better than usual at Brandease because this week pro walkers are only 4990 and all other great men's rockports styles are 20% off this week at Brandease in prestigious Pompino Beach. And look all this is 43056 way too way yeah. And beat the jater meat. Number one movie at number one soundtrack. Tanny White Kid who thinks that his skin is black and stabbing and rapping and talking his smack. He gets more booty than the whole rap pack. Crazy in a trailer in the Motor City. Doesn't like Moby Boypens or K-T-T-E, and it's no secret it's easy to see. M-A-N-H-A-S-Y-B-E-S-M-E-R-T. He's shooting with Christina and you'll narrow. Speaking in reals just like joking Ferra. He's hot from New York to Minnesota. Welcome to the Marshall Matters-A-R-R. Tattie wearing lots of swearing. Hollywood at Bad Boy. When will he sell out how long do you think? Day 4 rejoices in sing. 117th episode of Los Angeles drops right off. 335 votes on a pool to support a affirmative action. No those most qualified should always come first. 279. 83.2%. Yes. 38.11.3%. And only for college admission 18.5%. We're going to have a full and maybe a regular response there or what? And then he puts on her India like we had a call from India. Yeah. Are you sure when your drugs with him too with Carlos? It was supposed to say Indianapolis and it was probably going to be a crank. So I see. And what about the other 28 calls we had all lined up under? They just all died at the same time. Oh you know they're too busy to wait for commercials. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on a 18. I mean I still got a whole ton of stuff here but I feel again after doing that last thing. You feel that sense of you for you like you've just said something meaningful, you know? And then all of a sudden they just they just pull a air right out of your balloon. It's a tremendous waste of time man. Waste of time in South Florida. You're like that fact I got from that lady over there on a west coast. The intellectual level of her fruit fly that's South Florida for you. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, you know that's that's a really interesting article. I wonder if you could post that to your website. I posted to our website. We're like, if I can get my name on my website. You know it's funny. I listen to you, Randy and whenever I have some time. Randy. Wow. Oh my god. Oh stop. You know you like her. No I don't. No I do not like her. I agree she gets a little too far to the left but that's not a quote. I don't have any idea where she is politically because I don't listen to her. She's not even on a talk about her. Okay, she's does strictly a small time radio. Anyway, not the Davis. When the commercial come on, I'll flip over to rush these here with they have to say why are you right? If you want to give everybody a fair shot and when I listen to him. Well, wait a minute. Why do you say you want to give everybody a fair shot? After all these years, you don't know what he's going to be saying or he's coming from? Well, I know exactly what he's going to say. And so the what's the point? Well, the point is that when I talk to my friends that are on the right hand side, I want to hear what they're saying because I know where they're getting from. Yeah. And then when I get my information that I know is accurate because I have facts the back it up. You know, I want to see where they get their information because she doesn't back any of this information up, which is why he just makes most of it up. He literally does. And he can get away with it because they'll believe every damn thing he says like it's gospel. That's his old-style stick. And the point that I was getting to about Randy's range is look don't believe me. Go look it up for yourself, which is what I like. But why do you worry about Randy? Randy is like for people I used to listen to the light bulb for talk show groupies. Those days are gone. That's up his history, man. That's ancient history. I understand the point I'm saying is that at least you're there you're looking through yourself as opposed to listening and following somebody, which is a joke. You say go follow anybody. Go find the information for yourself and this guy just preaches stuff. And then funny thing is that even people that are not for abortion or are against or for they believe anything that's what they don't have. And it's fascinating how well that's that's why every one of these articles I read, which I'm sure is a gigantic waste of time. But every one of these pieces I read, I tell you where it's from. I give it a website, go look it up for yourself. Read the entire thing or kind of background out of it. And as opposed to just sitting here rambling and making a bunch of stuff off of the top of my head. Right, exactly. But how the Clinton's killed this one and he'll read did this. I mean, the guy just makes up crap and it he's believing. And the funny thing is, is he gets away with doing that. Where is if anybody from the left, even slaps anybody like you did with kind of Lisa, come down on you like, why don't I just the most likely that's right. And again, the reason being because the people on the right now give him credit for it, they're organized. They, you know, they got all their websites. They all, they're dedicated. They're devoted. They're obsessive about it as opposed to all the rest of the public. And you see it in the elections just like in November. Everybody else is kind of sitting back. Well, what's the use who gives a crap? They're all in law online. I don't know what they're all doing. They're picking their nose all day. I haven't got any idea. How could Jim Bush get reelected Governor in Florida? How was that possible? He wasn't possible. He was well-financed. Not that he may have been well-financed, but when 61% of the people stayed home and didn't bother to vote, that's got nothing to do with finance. The one I just goes along with the fact is, and the very end of very same people were bitching about how they were excluded from voting two years before. Did they go on vote? No, they didn't go on vote. No. They're talking about it. They won't need it because they feel that they vote. It won't work right into his hand. Good luck, sir. Good luck, sir. Good luck, sir. Good luck, sir. You'll need it. 560, 505, 60, pound, 560, on the AT&T. Why did I breed all this stuff today? Did I learn my lesson yet? I thought it was some pretty interesting stuff. I thought it was interesting. What I want to know is why you decided to take calls all of a sudden when you said you had a stack of stuff. How did you just break it up a little bit? I don't want to send you to go back to doing what failed before was obviously a-and not successful. It was? No, it was not. It was not. You can see the browner right on our website. You can see the fact that we were at loss a sizable part of the audience there during the period when I was just doing it all day every day and shut off the phone. And then we took the polls on it. 34, I think, was 40%. They wanted to cause back. Don't you understand? We have a significant number of people out there who listen to this radio show because in their minds it's like watching a train wreck. Oh, yeah, absolutely. That's right. Oh, we want to hear the way Neil interacts with their callers. We want to hear the idiots on there. We want to hear a bitch of the month. Again, it's just entertainment. See, so when you try to get to the river, when you try to pass something along, are you going to do is get frustrated? Because I read some profound article here like the last one. You're sitting there. Like you, which is great, but what we're just farting in the wind storm, man. We're just talking to ourselves. You've been on the ear long enough to know that by now. You go on here and talk about eating ash. You'll get every guy there in line at a boardlet up. Okay, that's what they can relate to as eating ash. So nothing. Right, there you go. Something that can understand eating ash. Keep it simple, baby, because that's the majority of the public out there. Simple. Did I? Did I say that's very one moment, please? I'm sure I must have saved that straight from last week, because you were on vacation. Let's see. Here it is. I did save it. Nice going Neil. Thank you. See, I only saved stuff that's like really heavy duty, because if I saved everything, I might let's hold room and you throw to the ceiling. But anyway, young Americans get the in geography. Yeah. No, you read that one, I was here. Oh, you were there when I read it? Sure. No, you read it again, I think. Oh, that's right. I repeated it right. 13% of Americans between 18 and 24, the prime age from illiterate warriors could find a rack on a map. 13% means 87% couldn't find it. Only 51% could find New York State on the map. Americans could find an average of only 7 or 16 countries in the quiz on the map. Only 8, this is the fact that the public sits back. Oh, I'm big deal. What's the big deal? Only 89% of Americans survey. These are 18 to 24. These aren't people over the age of 100 who are seen aisle and have Alzheimer's, 18 to 24 year olds in the prime of their lives. Just by the way, coming out of the so-called education system, 89% could find their own country on the map. And I'm sitting here. I'm going to change South Florida. I'm going to change the world by sitting here reponentificating and reading all of these opinion things. Like I said, you're targeting any of a winster or what's the point? Exactly. Here's my knee beat, Chelo. My knee beat. Long gone. Okay. Try Hollywood. Hello. Hollywood. I'm crazy. Yeah, good. Good for you. We'll get you some help. Get a package deal. Here's Boca, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Some stories are good and they're interesting and I'm listening to my earphone and I'm out here working. And then some are so ponderous. Like the one you just did, you know, about them. I know it's interesting. No, that's right. That's where it wasn't ponderous. That's where it was outstanding. That's one of the best things I've come across. Yeah, I've come across something. You know, American society and myself included were leaning toward the right now. You know, we don't want to hear the left wing stuff a lot of the hits. So then go find another show. Okay, right. We'll be on in a half an hour. See, there's another guy. We don't want to hear your view. We're like, yeah, last week or the last week or the last. Same crap, same blue crap. We're all leaning to the right. We don't want to hear the other view. Paul, well, screw off. I don't need you. I'm doing this fine. Patients are clearing every two weeks. Up yours. See, this is the same. Remember the same thing we were getting. It was when I was down there about five weeks ago. Same crap. We had like three or three or four in a row. Oh, and you know, you're going to go back to the funny stuff. But my not nobody wants to hear that stuff because people are not in the, you know, they don't really politically above a bond. Right. Same. It's just a different technique. That's all. This less venomous than usual technique of trying to attack, you know. Well, crap, I'm going to continue the other side deserves to be heard. Okay. We're not just going to roll over and play dead. So you can go step your way through the whole goddamn country. You're all ready to do a pretty good job. But still outside of spot. Obviously. When I have every goddamn judge, every every judge is a right winner. When everybody in the goddamn country, what's political office agrees with them, then maybe they'll be satisfied. So we can all go take a nice shower. 1127 at 560 W. And I like I said those are the ones that call. There he is and rest in Margot. Like that. That's our audience. If you look at an mirror wondering not only were all the liberals, but were your hair went, would ever down the drain right with the liberals down the toilet. Charles Alfier, it can help you. I'll get your hair back. Charlie's been helping the famous the infamous and not so famous. Look, they're best for over 25 years. You probably have never even noticed his work because it looks so natural. You wouldn't think it's not the real thing. And that's the key. It's 100% undetectable natural hairline system. Looks like the hair's grown right out of your scalp. So if you want to wear a moussey-looking piece, if you want to have like a different one for each day of the week like a different shade, that's, you know, up to you. But if you want to look great, younger and better than you have in a coon zage, pick up that phone and call Charles Alfier and make an appointment for a free consultation. Charlie will show you just how much better and younger he can make you look. And be sure to mention your rages because you get you a special 200 hour discount off the regular price that's from mentioning my name. And he got nothing to lose but that big ugly shiny ball spot because everybody gets Charlie's 30 day guarantee. If you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells up to 30 days, and you're not going to get late at least 345 times a day, Charlie give your full refund no questions asked. So make that call today 1-800-321-2413 and get you back a full great look and hit a hair. 1-800-321-2413 or log onto their website, Charlesofferie.com. 1-800-321-2413 or log onto their website, Charlesofferie.com. 1-800-321-2413 or log onto their website, Charlesofferie.com. 1-800-321-2413 or log onto their website, Charlesofferie.com. 1-800-321-2413 or log onto their website, Charlesofferie.com. 1-800-321-2413 or log onto their website, Charlesofferie.com. 1-800-321-2413 or log onto their website, Charlesofferie.com. 1-800-321-2413 or log onto their website, Charlesofferie.com. 1-800-321-2413 or log onto their website, Charlesofferie.com. 1-800-321-2413 or log onto their website, Charlesofferie.com. 1-800-321-2413 or log onto their website, Charlesofferie.com. 1-800-321-2413 or log onto their website, Charlesofferie.com. 1-800-321-2413 or log onto their website, Charlesofferie.com. 1-800-321-2413 or log onto their website, Charlesofferie.com. 1-800-321-2413 or log onto their website, Charlesofferie.com. 1-800-321-2413 or log onto their website, Charlesofferie.com. 1-800-321-2413 or log onto their website, Charlesofferie.com. 1-800-321-2413 or log onto their website, Charlesofferie.com. 1-800-321-2413 or log onto their website, Charlesofferie.com. 1-800-321-2413 or log onto their website, Charlesofferie.com. 1-800-321-2413 or log onto their website, Charlesofferie.com. 1-800-321-2413 or log onto their website, Charlesofferie.com. 1-800-321-2413 or log onto their website, Charlesofferie.com. 1-800-321-2413 or log onto their website, Charlesofferie.com. 1-800-321-2413 or log onto their website, Charlesofferie.com. 1-800-321-2413 or log onto their website, Charlesofferie.com. 1-800-321-2413 or log onto their website, Charlesofferie.com. 1-800-321-2413 or log onto their website, Charlesofferie.com. 1-800-321-2413 or log onto their website, Charlesofferie.com. 1-800-321-2413 or log onto their website, Charlesofferie.com. 1-800-321-2413 or log onto their website, Charlesofferie.com. 1-800-321-2413 or log onto their website, Charlesofferie.com. 1-800-321-2413 or log onto their website, Charlesofferie.com. 1-800-321-2413 or log onto their website, Charlesofferie.com. 1-800-321-2413 or log onto their website, Charlesofferie.com. 1-800-321-2413 or log onto their website, Charlesofferie.com. 1-800-321-2413 or log onto their website, Charlesofferie.com. 1-800-321-2413 or log onto their website, Charlesofferie.com. 1-800-321-2413 or log onto their website, Charlesofferie.com. 1-800-321-2413 or log onto their website, Charlesofferie.com. 1-800-321-2413 or log onto their website, Charlesofferie.com. 1-800-321-2413 or log onto their website, Charlesofferie.com. 1-800-321-2413 or log onto their website, Charlesofferie.com. 1-800-321-2413 or log onto their website, Charlesofferie.com. 1-800-321-2413 or log onto their website, Charlesofferie.com. 1-800-321-2413 or log onto their website, Charlesofferie.com. 1-800-321-2413 or log onto their Chinese website, Charlesofferie.com. The baby dimension Frog's castle. Still beautifully Vadem to the four-fasting end, last this year, right? couple of them like back to back. Frickin' frack back to back. Played Fartsounds. There you go. And then we'll load to our anti-right wing propaganda. How do you like that? In between the Fartsounds. Ha ha ha. Yeah, they can't handle it. The fact is, they're gonna be, and you know what? That bears out. It was perfect timing because it bears out what I just got through a reading. That he said was so ponderous. Not because it was long. It was ponderous because he'd don't agree with it. If it would have been some good right wing propaganda, the same kind of stuff he hears from Ditto Man, it would have been great. It would have been sensational. He'd have been nominated for a Pulitzer Prize. 560560, palm 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Had dog had won from Shulos Hank from 3 to 7 with Patrick Sir Tan, from 5 to 6 and he Sir Tanley played a pretty crappy game on Sunday. Here's West Palm Beach, hello. Is this Neil? Yeah. Yeah, I was listening to your- It's your tool. We don't talk to old cochers on a show, okay? Call up Randy. We don't talk to old cochers ever on a show. 560560, palm, don't ever put those people on your credit. You know Carlos talks to go game about everybody else about Eric didn't do this, and this one didn't do that. But in the meantime, his performance lately between the guy from India and in this guy. On a scale of zero is like every treating. In fact, that next paycheck you think is coming sweet art. I wouldn't cast venom any too fast, okay? You better tell you drug dealer it's gonna have to be on the third payments from now on. Man, do you see what I'm saying with him? I do. What do you have? He had Dennis on 42 times yesterday, something like that. I mean, get with it man. Get some of the cobblers. You think he's gone out there to smoke a faggot through those breaks in the morning? He's doing more than that. Yeah. He's taken it right up the old nostril and I said, you don't take camels up the nostril. I don't think. How that go? It's easy to get the camel through the eye of your nose. Say how something like that. Just for a lot of slaughtered, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Good dear, your voice there and I don't know what it was you were a story or time out earlier. I called up something else. I don't know. Anyone brought up the show, Boston Public last night? No. I don't know if you watched that show or not. It's got some great issues. It would be great if all, I just want to get the kids out of the watch that show and talk. It's got several things like breast implants for young girls. Things, these issues that are important and the one they have last night was a kid who wasn't doing well on school, being a daredevil that called it a joke, who would be like fine-down buildings and stuff for attention. And each her got a sense that something wasn't right. And you let's go this and get at the home to see, hey, you know, I'm not that the type of to realize. Or maybe it doesn't, but the issue was important. And once there, some other said, oh, he's at St. Vincent. He's an altar boy there. You can see where I'm going. He went there. All the fathers, the father was kind of acting weird. He, the kid came to him. He got hurt. He went to the scene, the act of him. His and the hospital are in the ambulance. His father and he's going, you know, you know what's wrong. You know what's wrong, because he confronted the kid. And sure enough, he actually had that same freeze as a kid like 16 years before he did the same thing. So it was kind of like a clean, all that emotion and bring up that subject from him. And the kid and he went, that he said, you did it to me. Don't you dare go near him again. And the next episode, I'm sure it's going to go into his father. But I mean, there's no fact in the church. There's no fact in the church. I was waiting for that. That is so funny. And the guy is so sincere when he says it, the honestly believes that. I mean, what planet is the on? I don't know. But that's possible. Everything will make or everything will whatever is on. I want that. You learn a little something. I mean, it's hard all kinds of good. But it's got a, it's a nigger word. They brought that all out for discussions. Just a great show last night regarding three. Yeah. Okay. I'll catch you next week. Hi. I've found it. Thanks a lot. Yeah. What do you mean by that? What do you say? I doubt it. I don't know. I've heard the name of the show. But what time is it on? Do you know? No. See, there you go. I've just never had any idea what it was all about. A boot or where to help you find it or what it, what is that? Hi, why is he so skeptical when I says I'll try to catch it next week? See, I'll be such a skeptic. Maybe I will. And then the other hand, who to hello is? 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Marvellous Line. Here's the call from home, stead. Hello. Hey, man. Good morning. Very good. Yeah, I'm not sure a few years ago. I used to do a Roman radio appearance at the Balkans came years ago. I used to do one? Yeah, I don't know. So you used to do a live appearance in second with a Roman radio, a bigger WI would be, whatever the BQAM's radio. No, never did that. Oh, anyway, I was just kind of a bit yesterday. I was talking to a buddy of mine. I would maybe bet, and he said, if you want to bet, I would have to list a rush for about half an hour. If I, if I, what is betting with him, to list the UI one, he list new for about two hours a week ago. He was dying, laughing, and I said, okay, I listen to rush for about half an hour. You know, other people believe that crap. Because they're stupid because they're dumb. He's still breathing about 20 minutes. Yeah. And all these other people in it, I mean, if you, I mean, I couldn't list some order two minutes. I had to switch to stand up. It's just not the end. All of people, you said these got a lot of fans. These are the best of the lost from America. Millions, millions and millions and millions. Nearly. They're hanging on his every big fact disgusting lying word. They hang out every second of the show. Well, don't confuse the American public with the facts, man. It's too confusing for him. Have a great day. And thanks for the vote of confidence. Let's face it. He's got a, you know, that dynamic voice. And he's a big bombastic bag of wind. Who, you know, just keeps the, and it's the old thing. He keeps repeating the lie over and over again. And people pretty soon start believing it. I think I was Hitler to that. I don't know what your laughing about it. Why was it? It was a girl. There's somebody. Well, one of his hands been the same same difference. Gurgles. Gurgles. 20 till noon. I was just going to put that to girls of the clown. 20 till noon at 5. 60. Just don't get excited. Neil, just relax it back in a chair. You got like Eric up there in Orlando is taking drugs. He got bulk of Brian who's crazy. Then a bed bug. And you got a little Carlos there who's taking it up the nose. You know, what am I going to do now? I thought we're going to do just take the money. That's all. Take the big or increase you got new contract there. George, you just take it right to the bank. Take it right there on their Ophaloccan. Get some good crap. 19 till noon at QA and let me tell you where you get some really good crap. That's the pizza loft. And actually I've called a big lie to sit you down and tell you all about it. He knows his crap. I'll guarantee that. In fact, he's got stories that we couldn't even begin to tell you on the ear here today. Or any day. But he'll probably tell you if you get real close with Jeff maybe leave and share with you some of his secrets. And I'll take the secret to the success of the pizza loft is consistently delicious food. Big humongous portions and teeny tiny prices. Loving about the pizza loft over the years. Yeah, they raised prices a couple of pennies here. Couple pennies there. But consistently very low prices and enough food for like two people in every serving generally. Every Monday at the pizza loft both locations is Lazani and I every two day is egg time night. I one dinner is one of these days on these nights. Get the second 25 bucks. Did I say that right? Sure did. Every Wednesday kids eat free with the Dell sick and seed Jeff's famous magician. Thursday is bite night at the pizza loft come on a motorcycle by one dinner and get the second one for half price. All your favorite attendants. They got chicken dishes and meal and seafood. Three different kinds of great pizza. Every kind of pasta dish ever been invented. Calzone super subs. Then I say three different kinds of pizza. Yes, but I forgot to tell you about the great garlic rolls just dripping with garlic to best you've ever had in your mouth. We're taking out delivery in the daily area and don't forget they're right between Griffin and 595 in the pizza loft. Plas are right behind pure one imports tons of free parking there. We're taking out or delivering catering there called 954 9168880. What are feesine skipy lately? I saw it. Who's skipy? Yeah. Is he still alive? He's running around. Damn it. 954 9168880 and don't forget the great new the second-brower location for pizza loft. Right there in a quarter in Abhil and sunrise. Neville's trip shopping center in a quarter behind that drugstore for takeout delivery there call 3-8-2-1999. 3-8-2-1999. St. Great Food. St. Low prices you'll love at all at the world famous pizza loft. We're sports radio five six. You a yeah. Shannon, I thought nurse. If you like American Idol, then you'll love that cheesy talent hunt for those willing to sell their sold their to their star. It's St. Louis Idol. So, you're keeping a pop star. The ball down and horses me. St. Louis Idol. If you thought Simon Powell would be able to ease nothing compared to the Friends of Darkness. St. Louis Idol. That was horrible. Why are you wasting the other pop stars? You'll never have to be a star for less. You'll let your return be sold to me. Find out who's willing to make a deal with an apple for a start-up payment fortune. Tell me, Satan's Idol. I'm 47 at 5.60WQA. I'm sitting there like a little reverb there at the end of it. I like that. As opposed to the... That shot. Exactly. Anyway, you know that facts that nearly that semi-phantic fraction tourist ride for about the Pompato Park or copying in this spot. There's no Pompato Park spot. No, you're not imagining that. It's a business for tomorrow. Oh my god, what a maniac. You know, I must be gay in the day ahead. Must begin to, anyway, Arthur facts as me and no hearing says. Boston Public Monday, 8-9 pm on Fox, brilliantly and with much exaggeration written by David Kelly of the practice. Well, thank you Arthur, at least now I know when to held a son and we're on Fox, which I can see on a Fox Buffalo station. I didn't like that. There you go. I see it a couple times. That's not bad at all. Boston Pubac. 380 votes on a poll do you support affirmative action? Yeah, you're in A. No, those must qualify should always come first. 315, 80, 82, 28%. Yes, 44, 11 and a half percent. Only for college admissions, 21, 5 and a half percent. Overwhelming. The answer is... No. Can't cut the mustard, go, you know, cook some... Cook some burgers at Burger King. Would a big hat price do you? Do you see that there's some in hat price? Yeah. Not low enough. That means you can die twice as fast. Here's the call from Daniel Beach, hello. You know how you doing? Okay. You always been a champion for all that lights and just down here in South Florida. Nice. Oh, it's next one, but you've always done an excellent job. Now, you need to get on to a new crusade deal. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay, great. Now he's a chronic sports asshole, that guy. It's not a fake voice. That's him. Close the sports show. Yeah. He's got his stuff with his break. Go back where you came from. Okay, we're going to turn you into the queen. You jack ass. How do you do that, magic wand? Now his problem was too much spotted dick. That was his problem. And too much tot in the old back home hole. 560, 050, 50, 50, 50, 50 on the AT&T. So you want to think about the sports in the red span. Nothing will be true to them from their appointed rounds. Because that's the important crap. Make no mistake about it. Here's North David, hello. Yes sir. Okay, listen, I'm a little bit nervous. Okay, so so work with me. All right, I would have called yesterday, but I was nervous about my vicious hangover from the Dolphin game. Yeah. Okay, yeah. Anyway, so I wanted to call today because on Sunday morning, I guess around 7 am, I was, you know, in my car, I'll do a grab the morning paper. And I hear dimple on the radio and Joe Z on the radio. And somebody else, I don't know who it was. And they were talking about how, if his manager is going to, you know, do the buffalo game with the, you know, with the windows open. And the person says to them for, I don't think so. I don't think the, I don't think he's the one in charge. There has to be say about that. And then for Joe's, don't even get me started on that. So, fireport. So I let you know. Go on up. Thanks. Was that profound or what? What? Why? Well, I know you figured what all of that built up there. There was going to be something like really profound and, uh, something. Yeah. Even Zimfer's laugh is more profound than whatever this punk just said. That was, that was great. Little spy report. 560, 560, 560. Now why do you think I'm going to believe that calls from Sirasota? Here's Sirasota, hello. Neal calling from the old green line. The green line. The green line. He used to be on, uh, I think it was S.U. in back in the day. Oh, yeah. That's right. Just want to let you know, we're still enjoying you over here in Sirasota via the internet when we can. You really, you really are in Sirasota. I feel so sorry for you. I believe me. It's pretty bad. But we still enjoying you. We catch you when we can't on the internet and keep up the good work. Do they still have that Columbia restaurant over there? On, uh, Santa Marble Circle. They're on a circle. Absolutely. I'll be damned. Get in my drink a lot of sound whenever we're going to say. Great lot of angry in that place. 30 years ago. Absolutely. They keep up the good work. Okay. Say how to snooky Lansing for us over there. W.S.P.B. But that's, they says, on the year anymore. He's probably dead. That's terrible. And he's probably dead by now. Who? He used to be my boss at W.S.P.B. in Sirasota 1973. Click on Lansing's. No. Please, to come out now. His name was Cliff Lansing. He was back snooky Lansing. Who used to be on your hit parade? Kind of a Yahoo singer guy. I think. Touch member your hit parade was only like 30 years before you were born. Which is Elm McKenzie and Russell R.R. And snooky Lansing and Dorothy Collins. What a memory, huh? Yeah. He's standardized lucky strikes. I think on that show. When you cigarette advertising was, uh, okay on TV was kosher. Carlos would like that. They could have watched them all put away in the faggot's right there. What have inspired me to go out there and light them up twice as fast. On on the each side of his posts kind of like jot quenches in does here. Five, six, seven. I'm getting a scratchy throat. It is beautiful out there. They'll I'll tell you. No, I think I'm going to be okay. Let's see. Oh, look at that already. It's up to minus 11. Now let's see what that is in a conversion chart here. Thanks again, Sean. And we're going to be all the way up to minus seven today. Which is 19 above the Fahrenheit. That's not too bad in it. Not bad. Minus 11 is 12. It's already 12 degrees. Toss 12 Fahrenheit. So what's wrong with that? Don't be a pussy. You're not there in a mingle with the crowds. What's there in shop into the drop? Go down to Eden Center and Eden to the can't eat no more. And that may be the Eden Center at the Eden Center right. Here's a call from I'm you Beach. Hello. I'm you Beach. Going once. How do you go? Good job Carlos. Make a mistake about it. We want to refund. Here's West Palm Beach. Hello. Yes sir. Two things. David Kelly. Boston Public Pick Offences. All these shows usually talked about social and political issues. All these things. And the other thing and he's a hockey guy from Boston. Well, like that. And the Mandarin Chinese buffet. It's up in Toronto. Let me check that out. Yeah. Mandarin Chinese buffet. Where is it? I had so little off of the city. I was just up there a couple of weeks ago at the Eden Center. And a body of mine struck me there was about ten minutes from downtown. It's called Mandarin Chinese buffet. Excellent Chinese. I got all kinds of good stuff there. Check it out. Okay. Thanks. Yeah. I don't understand what he just said. He said he was at the Eden Center at Simmons North of the city. I don't do you follow him. What do you wouldn't because you don't know what he's talking about. Well, anyway. I'll check it out. I'll get to the phone book and find out where that is. I just can't find good Chinese. He really they got like three Chinatowns here. Because we have somebody Chinese people and people from all over the world. And you know something they all speaking, and pretty much everybody gets along. It's just amazing. Just astonishing. I realize it certainly isn't in the whole camp. It's kind of hard to hate everybody when they're all smiling. I just didn't like being polite and you know, speaking the same language. It's kind of hard to find a reason to hate anybody. Everybody is so damn polite. I used to think that maybe they were a little bit too polite. I've changed my mind on that. Five, six, seven. I got some more stuff for the new now. But I figured we take somebody's great calls. George here. Okay. You want to orchestrate the show. I've got a lot of time stories. A lot of people out there in the audience don't. Well, especially those right wingers who want to hear a lot of right wing propaganda. Like that guy. That's right. They don't want to hear the stuff the audience. They don't want that. That's sort of as too ponderous because it was too true because it struck right heart right to heart or your heart. Just like a Dracula man like driving a steak through his right wing heart through the right ventricle. Whatever the hell I am. Here's for Lauderdale. Hello. Yes sir. Yeah. This is Chuck and Colin before a lot of them. Yes, Chuck. Yeah. Actually, I'm new down in this area. Can I take it? Don't unpack Chuck. You want to stick around to law. This is one strange place. But anyway, a common out of general American voting public. You cannot underestimate the voting public in his country. I mean, these are the same people who voted for Reagan twice. Yeah. Once was bad enough. They went ahead and do it again. They loved it. Yeah. Well, they'd like to read. They'd like to research in so much that they made sure they had another one on the rise of vice president. Why exactly? George did it. W's the other again. Right. Power and copies. They can't even win. The can't understand what happened. So. Yeah. Good luck. So tired of the rushes out there. Nice. There's somebody saying something else for a change. Okay. Pelt don't unpack. Whatever you do. Okay. You'll need it. There's a guy from Connecticut. What else he do in his son for? Probably got lost in a highway. You know what? No burden it. Problem. Oh, brother. So sorry, Paul. Believe me. Another six weeks you'll learn to hate it. Like a jackass that set up quality of the show. Well, how come you're in Toronto? How can we do the show for MAMSTEM? Because soft Florida molo is okay. And because they built me these studios. And I like it. Okay. Do I have to answer that guy? Yes. Answer to. Okay. That's my answer. I am. I am. This is for 20 likes. Do you weigh. Yeah. That's what I'll do one hour. Ooh. Don't like. Oh, the heart burn. Don't don't don't. Every time I see. Don't don't don't don't don't move. But we're in a sandwich. No more. No more. I'm a TV. Please, President, come. We're a public and muscle. And in our kingdom in Italy. I don't so why. They won't want to die. But no need to. There's proof of that before you. You're a good president. You're a good president. You're a good president. You're a good president. You're a good president. You're a good president. You're a good president. You're a good president. You're a good president. You're a good president. You're a good president. You're a good president. You're a good president. You're a good president. You're a good president. You're a good president. You're a good president. You're a good president. You're a good president. You're a good president. You're a good president. You're a good president. You're a good president. You're a good president. You're a good president. You're a good president. You're a good president. You're a good president. You're a good president. You're a good president. You're a good president. You're a good president. You're a good president. You're a good president. You're a good president. You're a good president. You're a good president. You're a good president. You're a good president. You're a good president. You're a good president. You're a good president. You're a good president. You're a good president. You're a good president. You're a good president. You're a good president. You're a good president. You're a good president. You're a good president. You're a good president. You're a good president. You're a good president. You're a good president. You're a good president. You're a good president. You're a good president. You're a good president. You're a good president. You're a good president. You're a good president. You're a good president. You're a good president. You're a good president. You're a good president. You're a good president. You're a good president. You're a good president. You're a good President. You're a good president. You're a expert. You're a talented leader. You're a professional leader. You're a Java was always a national leader. You're a Representative of the human community. You're a group of cases. I think it's a cowardly act and they ought to face the music and do the right things at one parishioner. Sublegal Amalus suggested the report my reflect illegal tactic on the part of the arts dices. Designed a pressure plaintiff's into a green-glower settlement, uh-huh? The report came on the eve of the expecting filing today of thousands of pages of documents that will describe in graphic detail, these sexual offenses that dozens of Boston area priests are accused of said Eric McLean attorney representing dozens of places. Well, I've all of that for you tomorrow, by the way, will it all be there in detail on the newspapers and especially in a Boston Globe? I guarantee there will be pages and pages in the Boston Globe. McLean said the documents will provide extensive evidence that church authorities moved to use priests from parish to parish where they prayed that's within the E.Y.E.D. they prayed on children. McLean said it would ask to depose Cardinal Bernard Larr's Bishop of Boston based on these new documents in the coming weeks. Larr would not be required to give their positions in such cases if the arts dices would get their bankruptcy, see that's another thing, it's not just a financial thing, all of a sudden, uh, mums the word. A church spokeswoman played down a possibility but did not deny such a move could occur that reports that were in the media today are speculative and premature to say the least said, Donna Marisi, lawyers with a church have been in mediation with 40 lawyers representing some 450-led sexual abuse victims. Bankruptcy would end those efforts and halt consideration of the case for at least several months. If it filed for bankruptcy, the Boston Arts dices would gain a simpler, more defined process, a cut off for the final year claims would be imposed and the creditors would be assembled into a single class said CNN legal analyst, Kendall Coffee, for he's making around him. He's everywhere. A thought he was hanging out in front of Aliens House. It would also mean that Cardinal Larr would not be required to give further pre-trailed positions or release sensitive files and documents. On the other hand, it doesn't eliminate the possibility the ability of people to proceed against individuals such as Cardinal Larr himself, Coffee said. Removing control over the church's destiny from the Vatican and placing in the hands of a US bankruptcy judge would be an unprecedented move that could have negative consequences for the church, Coffee said. A plaintiff's attorney told CNN there was little possibility the R. Stasis would indeed seek bankruptcy protection since doing so would require it to lay bear its finances. Oh, that's the last thing they want to do. A Boston Globe study estimated the minimal value of properties owned by the R. Stasis at $1.3 billion more than 10 times the predicted cost of the settlements. Uh-huh. So in other words, where is the credibility? You all can say $1.3 billion they should have won half the cell all of that stuff. There's no fact in the church. Well, we know that. We're broke, but don't look at our money. The new law requires high schools to cooperate with Pentagon on recruiting. A little notice provision in a new federal education laws requiring high schools, the hand over military recruiters some key information about its juniors and seniors, name, address, and phone number. The Pentagon says the information will help at recruiting young people to defend their country, but the new law disturbs parents and administrators and some liberal communities they are exactly gunhoo about the armed forces. To say the law violates student privacy and creates a moral dilemma over the militaries, don't ask don't tell policy on gaze. I've planned an appalling that the school is sending out letters to do the job of the military said Amy Lang, the parent of a student at Cambridge Ridge and Latin school, where Cook was once banned in protest that's Cook with a capital C. Cooker Colour was once banned in a protest against the Sota's giant investments in a apartheid South Africa. It is clearly an invasion of my daughter's privacy, she be saying. To know child left behind law sign-lice January pumps billions into education, but also gives military recruit access to the names, addresses, and phone numbers of students in 22,000 schools. The law also says that schools must give the military the same access to their campuses that businesses and college recruiters enjoy. School systems that failed to comply could lose federal money. The measure also applies to private schools receiving federal funding, but quaker schools and others that have a religious objection to military service can get out of the requirement. Students and parents will pose the law can keep their information from being dirt over to the military, but they must sign and return an opt-out form. And of course, if you sign one of those, there's a little three in the morning knock on your door. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Has been promoted to a key post among the correct group of president Bush's national security aids. There's a word missing there, but I'll stuck it right in. All that's from the Tampa Bay of news paper. What do you expect? What is that paper? Tap a tribute. Abrams was appointed to leave the National Security Council's office for Near East in North Africa and Affairs. They seem to direct your job overseas, Arab-Israeli relations and US efforts to vote peace in the troubled region. Right. The government, which does not require a set of confirmation, was announced yesterday by Bush's national security adviser, Condoleezza Rice. An assistant secretary, State during the Reagan administration, Abrams was a fierce advocate of armed support for Nicaraguan rebels. Despite Congress's ban on military aid of the so-called conference, he pleaded guilty in 1991 to do misdemeanor counsel with holding information from Congress and court Abrams admitted he knew kept information from two committees in 1986. What he testified about is now to the Secret Conference of Plain Network and about his role in soliciting a $10 million contribution for the conference from the Sultan of Brunei. Abrams received a Christmas Eve pardon from President George Herbert Walker Bush in 1992. So let's bring back all the criminals and water criminals like Henry Kissinger. Right. And Eliot Abrams? Maybe only North is tired of that radio show. Maybe we wouldn't stick him in there somewhere until forget G. Gordon. He might want to write. Maybe he can eat all the rats that are bugging him at the White House. On a later note, I mean this is still disturbing. Too much disturbing stuff for the holiday's man you write. Tomorrow we go back to the semelakrap, okay? What? I'm not doing the show for you. I'm doing it for the vast audience out there to massage the cave. I'm pitching in. I'm getting ahead of it. Oh, I see. Oh, I didn't understand. I thought there was an editorial comment. It was. The New York Racing Association is investigating with an aqueduct security guard trying to tip off a race track giveaway promotion of $1,000 in prize money. The New York Daily News has learned. The promotion was the mystery mutual voucher giveaway last Friday. I didn't had a grand prize of 10 grand. And if the H.D. is underway concerning a security officer assigned the backstretched aqueduct, whose responsibility is the mail run starting in the morning and early afternoon. The Racing Association director of security John Terny said. I wonder if he was related to Gene Terny, you think? Hoop. About a month ago, Mr. Mutual pouches were sent to the 43,000 fans on the associations mailing list. Last Friday, fans brought their ticket to the track to redeem pouches worth anywhere from $2 to $10. $2 to $10. The pouches were redeemed either from a mutual clerk or an automated machines and fans could then be reimbursed and cash or could wage a divide to their tickets. Race track employees are ineligible for nirresponsible prizes and are not supposed to be on promotional mailing lists. Sources said the security guard allegedly collected 30 to 40 envelopes that have been returned to the track is undeliverable. Then took the vouchers and cash them in the automated machines. Most of the vouchers were worth $2 but then the guard hit the jackpot, finding the $10.000 grant prize vouchers sources said. Nice. That's pretty lucky, you know it? Yep. The probe is the second scandal to rock the horse racing industry in recent weeks. Last month, computer was Chris Harne, pleaded guilty to master mining the rigging of a $3 million off-track bidding went on the breeder's cup pick six. Then using the winnings to pay off his mortgage in car loan. Right-god, there's no hanky-panky in a horse racing business. Thank the Lord for that. Something we can trust. Speaking of that, speaking of things we can trust. You thought that the other story was long? Yeah. They even leave her men in yesterday's USA today. Millions of pirates are plundering satellite TV, direct TV and echo star fight back in court electronically. Now we don't know anybody would do anything like that, do we? No, not me. That would steal like with those illegal cards and things like that. Scoundrels, scalliwags, scumbags. I think a step lower than the people that steal cable TV. And I guarantee we don't have anybody in this audience that is doing that. We have an upstanding crowd out there. Go away. Four hundred and six votes on the pool. Do you support affirmative action? No. Those most qualified should all you see. I really blew this, you know. I never really thought about it. I was going to under-relay. Oh, here it is. Affirmative. Oh, yeah, see that would have been good. Yeah. Well, it's not too late now. Do you support affirmative? That's so. No. Those most qualified should always come first. 337, 82.3%. Yes, 50. 50 people support affirmative. That's so. That's 12.2%. And 22 people say only for college admissions. That's 5.3% of support affirmative. That's so. Four college admission only. That's going to let you. Whatever happened. I'll show probably be on one of those inside the behind deals. Very soon. 11 minutes past noon at 5.60. WQA, I'm out there. You're Carlos doing a hell of a job there on the phones. Erica's doing a spectacular job on the website. Let's meet the holidays, you know it. Volker Brian's doing a phenomenal job of being depressing. Is he there yet? No. Well, when he comes modeling in there, just slap him across the top of the head for me. Maybe not some sense. I'll probably be wearing that big wig. As a protective piece today, and you know something I wouldn't blame him. What a moron, you know what? I mean, great talent. But a bozo. Mr. Depression. Mr. Sad sack. Don't ever call me again, Brian. Two people on my list. Peaty Lenny and Volker Brian. Don't ever call me again. I was right at the edge of my balcony. Looking down all those floors. You know, right? I was close. I was right on the edge. Don't do it. It's the most wonderful time of the year. So they say, but if you're a need of a new mattress and sure it on time, you certainly don't want to be. Slip and all over town fighting the traffic lines parking crazy shoppers. No chance. And do what I always do. What George did and what even Miguel did called dial a mattress toll free. 1-800 mattress. Dial a mattress makes it so easy to buy a bed. Just make the one easy call 1-800 mattress right now. And an expert bed in consultant will help you pick out the right bed at the best possible price. The ordering process takes less than five minutes on average. Don't be fooled by the store. So called sales. Dial a mattress off as great low prices every day with no sure we'll Michelle games. Dial a mattress carries the areas largest inventory of ceiling. Sort of simins a king crawl mattress is ready for same day delivery. They care about you're betting watching have a great night sleep like I've been doing for years now with my dial a mattress. If you're expecting company for the holidays check the mattress in your guest room. If you do need a new one called dial a mattress right now. It'll be there in no time at all at 1-800 mattress. You rest a lot easier knowing your holiday guests will be sleeping in comfort. Avoid the holiday shoppers. Don't waste time slept in all over time looking for a deal. For the best deal anywhere called dial a mattress. 1-800 mattress for the easiest possible way to buy your bed. Be sure to tell that old meal and fat boy and George and Miguel and the whole of the got some Of Sporho. Put you to call dial a mattress. 1-800-MATTR-ES. Lime and local. Here's sports radio 560 QA. You a yeah. Ma, what's up with you'll go from a spoke. You love her. You need her. You can't live without her. She's your. Oh, so. This Christmas give her the gift of middle-earth craftsmanship. Give her a shiny bit of old gold from the Lord of the Rings Jewelers. I am the Dark Ward Sword on. Can I help you? Uh, yeah, let's see. Do you have three rings for the Elven King? Of course. Ray and seven rings for the Dark Lords? Just got a ship at the Zmord 8. Oh, good. And nine for mortal men? You're in a lot there I'm saying what do they go? I, yeah. What about one ring to rule them all? No, yeah. What of the Rings Jewelers? It's more than jewelry. It's more d'or jewelry. 12 16. Oh, that's got like a long tail on it, you know? 12 16 to find 60 WQAM. I'm not going to go do that story about the piracy on the set because nobody cares about that. Right. Do you think? Nobody cares about that. Nobody cares about that. They're all stealing them anyway if they can. And there's still a. And they're very at the very end of it. Where the hell is it? The very end of the story. I put a way to. I can't find it now. Why did you put it so far down your pod you jack answered it is? It's interesting because it says. Uh. No, who are they talking about? Direct TV is cracking down on users. It believes they're stealing the signals. It recently began to send letters threatening to prosecute thousands of people whose names turned up on invoices of rated companies. To avoid being charged with a crime they must pay direct TV. 4,500 bucks. That is said it chills through the hacker underground. Some say direct TV is also bullying people who didn't steal it services. Some people order these products are no doubt guilty, but direct TV has no way of knowing that said Lacial Law Center's Jeffrey Wollens was seeking class action status for a lawsuit against a satellite company in LA Superior Court. Their carpet bombing and a terrorist city to get one or two enemies strongholds. It's a classic shake down. Direct TV disputes that. Where is dead sure as dead sure can be that there's a violation of these people are stealing. They say you'd be astonished. Some of the names that it come out of this people have a lot to lose in terms of their social status. See that's what I don't understand. And I'll be first to tell you that years ago when I got my first satellite dish. Because satellite dealers are most of them shady people. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Most of them. I don't want to say all of them because that would be bad even though my petro. But yeah, it's kind of a shady business. Subrosa. Kind of like people at Petal Drug George. Who? So anyway, in years ago, I mean, you know, they had the illegal chips and this and then and it kind of came when you bought your system. You know, while here's this and it's not technically legal, but don't worry about. But after a period of time goes by and you realize when you're making a few bucks like some of us are, which leaves you guys out. But you just, it's not worth it. Because it doesn't really cost all that much to subscribe in a first place. Right. So it's just not worth it. But I think in LA what they're talking about is maybe some hot shot movie stars and multi multi millionaire stars are using, you know, illegal cards and stuff like that. Wouldn't it be embarrassing? That's not just embarrassing. It's done right. Stupid. Speaking of embarrassing and stupid, Florida Panthers left wing Peter Warrrell received a 10 day jail sentence. One year probation in a five year suspension of his drivers license after planning no contest in DUI, driving out of a influence. Brower County Judge Joel Lazarith issued the penalties yesterday. What did I call him Lazarith? I said, Latheroth. Latheroth's good. Ordering Warrrell to report to jail April 7, 2003 and after the Panthers regular season finale. What if they make the playoffs? Warrrell was arrested June 16 in charge with the U.I. property damage leaving the scene of an accident and criminal mischief. He also received traffic citations for failing to use Duke care, expired ties and no proven insurance. Other than that he was okay. Warrrell was not available for combat yesterday. He's a fine person and a good guy in the community. Panthers jailman's juror Rick Dudley said he's made a mistake and I do think he's learned from it. Warrrell was convicted in 1998 of DUI losses license for six months, attended DUI's school and performed 50 hours of community service. He's got one goal on TMI 62 penalty minutes for the Panthers this season. And I'll say it again. He's a hockey player like my little dog is a brain surgeon. Okay. But don't tell the South Florida community that because they wouldn't know hockey player. He's high stick him into post. That's South Florida for you. The real sports experts. Speaking of sports. You love this story. American football player spray themselves with non-stick oil. This is a true story. For Montana I heard. For American footballers at university maybe disciplined after spraying themselves with non-stick cooking oil. It's believed the oil may have prevented opponents in the game from effectively tackling them. The Sacramento State players are accused of applying the substance to their uniforms during a game against Montana University. Montana won a game anyway 31-24. Sacramento State athletic director Terry Wannless told the Sacramento Bee that the coaches had no knowledge of these situations. Mr. Wannless told the paper this can create a lot of humor for us. In fact I think the charges against us won't stick. Ha ha ha ha. Head coach John Volac added. This is the first hand of my knowledge this has happened. It'll be the last time it takes place. God dang it. Sacramento State could also face punishment from legal officials if it's determined that the coaches knew what was occurring. Well, the side of the penalty depending on who we find at the bottom of the pile. Lee commissioner Doug Fordson said I think it's a serious ethical breach. It's a planned activity. There were spraying themselves with Pam. I didn't like that. And she's pretty pissed off about. I wonder what's up. What's up? Five six seven oh five sixty. And of course you realize it's tabloid two damn got any my stuff. Because I hit it yesterday and we never got to that either because my pile was so thick. I got thick piles. Let's take a call from I'm a beach. Hello. Because I'm in the right line would be good. I'm a beach. Hello, ginger Roger. Yes, speaking. Hi. What happened to Moe? Why are you off his case? I'm not off his case. He's small potatoes. There's nothing to tell you. Oh my god. I saw this guy on the internet. It's picture. I can truly believe why you were. But we'll fit with a guy. No, no, no. See his picture doesn't tell you anything. Okay. It tells you nothing about him. Or he'll come on here. You described his closing. So I'll picture the closing into his face. Okay. Great. Have a nice day. Chronicle. Five six seven oh five sixty. Palm five sixty. All I'm glad he reminded me. We haven't played any mobots today. Or like because that whole thing about mobots that the CD. Maybe because that's going to get like a brain lock on it. Did Vokka Brian show up yet? No. No. When surprised me if he turns around right on a highway and goes back where he came from and hides for a couple of months. When surprised me at all. I'm grateful piece of turd. Five six seven oh five sixty. Palm five sixty on the AT&T. See he's too busy concerning with Eric up there in Orlando. They got through all business going up there. The only problem is it's not functioning. See. Like if you get a partner when you go to business and you open up a story to any problem. There's no merchandise inside. And nobody is there no financial transactions taking place. Did we hear that kind of business? Yeah. Here. Yeah. Well, we've got to go in. Those two. Here's Boiton Beach. Hello. Yes sir. Second time crawling like 10 years. Okay. Your number one. Watch the temperature. Shots. Shots. Yeah. Yeah. Your number one was fast. The movie is good enough for us. We understand. All right. I got you. The three dollar bill you read. About what? On the broadcast. Oh yeah. About what's limbon is right. We're happy about the fact that there are no progressive broadcasters anywhere. And it's very sad. And of course there's no audience for us either because you see the kind of calls we get. Nothing. Of course. The little brock has to zone. Yeah. We're done, man. We're coming home. By the way, we should, we should bridge it up. I think the name is. Yeah. Uh, she's not going to be action on any more because she did, man. Really? She'd be dead. Oh no. Ah, son. But her voice lingers on me. It would be nice to be verb at the end of it. I like. Well, since you mentioned that I'll pay it a lot more often. All right. Keep her alive. Yes, sir. Okay. Thanks, brother. Oh, you got it. See. Son. Son. Son. Come on. One more time for the vice coach to listen. That's what you need. You know that she was dead? No, I didn't. And you know that. So we just learned something here on the show. That's two things we learned today. Shocking. 425 votes. View support affirmative action, which the Supreme Court has taken up this week. I think tomorrow they start. No, most qualified should always come first. Come first. 150, 82.3% say, uh-huh. No thanks. Yes, 51, 12% and only for college admissions. 24, 5.6%. So it is overwhelming. If you're qualified, if you've got the brains, if you got the ability. Great. Come on in. Otherwise. Good luck to you. We'll see you at Vogueur King. How can how might of people go there? I mean McDonald's I can understand. I don't like McDonald's, but I can eat it like an Amsterdam because I know what I'm going to give. And it's tolerable. It's greasy. It's not great, but it's something, you know? Right? It feels that empty cavity and it's quick. The Burger King, I mean, the good-year tire company, they must take all their like retreads. What do they call those? The ones that are like off, uh, you know what I mean? Right? Now retreads. Retreads. And they must pedal like a wholesale, though. And because if ever anybody sold meat that tasted like rubber, it's Burger King. I mean it. Oh. God. Horrible stuff. I haven't even threw this before. Sure we have. And what did you say? Did you admit to me that you waited Burger King? Not for years. Hasn't it was little. It was nasty, nasty little things that they pass off as onion rings. Right. Those little brown things that they call rings. My God. I've seen better rings around the bull. Back home. Yeah. That too. Brother. That's a freaking onion. In fact, if you people go out there to Burger King because they're doing this big half-pricing to try to chip into McDonald's because I guess the business is down. And they end you by onion rings and they hand you, which I know what they're going to hand you. That's same usual. Just look at them and say, you call this a freaking onion ring. Huh? And we want to report. We want to know exactly what they tell you. Okay. I just love to hear it. You call that a born again penis? Well, whatever. That one just happened to pop up. Yeah. Twenty six past noon at five, sixty. We're changing the world here on QAM. Oh, let's talk about some ball games. Let's talk about the G. Fever. Let's talk about the Huracones man. And aren't we blessed? Sure. This is a six station. Really? Very sick. Have you noticed that? Yeah. Long time ago. Very, very sick. And let's not that bitch that I was wrong. At the end of the show, I said we had no women yesterday. I forgot that one. Oh. That's what I call that. Oh, let's we all have a project here. Neil and you're just the one to get everybody started. Let's everybody. It's out for the Kenny Dorsey and the Heisman trophy. How could we forget that call? From there. We've got it. Simple to bitch. Probably got a can Dorsey blow up though. Right next to where Larry Coco Babel had done. God, Mighty Honey, get you one. Get you a good cucumber at publics. 12 27 at five, 60. And by the way, can Dorsey's ugly is. Sin. He really is gross. I just mentioned that in passing. It's not to make a big difference. 12 27 at five, 60. WQAM. Let's face it. You've heard us talk about fast rate until you got fast train coming out of your ears. Well, the fans are very, very uncomplicated. They're simple. If you want to get out of your dead end job, if you want to start making some bucks. If you have that indication, fast train can provide you with all the necessary training you need to become a certified computer professional. Get into a real career. Make some serious bucks. According to the experts at Time Magazine, and they really know they're Schmidt, the demand for computer professionals will continue to explode. The average student completes the training in just four short months, attending school three nights a week. What's your completed your certification? Fast train will assist you in getting you a new computer job. Fast train invites you to come on and visit their train career counselor and determine which track is ideal for you. Is it aqueduct, Belmont? Maybe it's a rose about raceway. Rest in peace. Qualifying strain toll free at one maybe yunkers. One eight six six fast train to set up an appointment. And maybe free hole for convenient locations for so there's probably one near volume. Maybe the metal lands, Kendall, Miami, Power Pines, and Fort Lutterdale. Maybe Sarah Togan. Don't forget to ask their career counselor for listed students just like yourself or currently their dream jobs. Thanks to the nifty training they got at fast train. Say goodbye to your Burger King hamburger or a flip and job. And get you some real training and start making some serious cash. You can get a great new job before spring. But call fast train right now to get started. One eight six six fast train. That's one eight six fast train. They'd have probably out to board twenty one. My, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my. And look, this is Fort Lutterdale five sixty. You're a new way. Yeah. There are fair. See you tomorrow. How is it? Oh yeah, yeah, you too. Well, go the, uh, have a good day of paradise. Okay. There you go. Lost your fucking bottom. You, you are a David. Yeah, that's right. Star stage green and paradise. Say you look like a good day of paradise. You look like what can't be the. That's go as I is, we'll, jablin. Yeah, but you're dead. So are you right now. Get behind the car. Oh, why? I said, jakey, I mean, what do we, what are you doing? Quick. Come on. Come on. Hey, jakey. Hey, hey, hey. Get a better election tonight. It's free, five you want. Oh, right. All right, someone but smokers down here in the mirror. Okay. What the, you require of me. I require you drop your pants. Now. See here. Right now. Now, I don't know if I'm gonna go through the bed, drop it off, we found it. Yeah, you like it, now bed do. Okay, I'm gonna trunk here. That's a nice house. Shit, bed go over the top. Yes. Oh, yeah. That's queer like a pig. Queer like a pig. Right. Queer. Queer like a pig. See, that's kinda nice. Right. Yeah. Yeah. I get who. Hey, where you going? Don't I get a dinner? We'll table it, he's ready to ho it. That. 133, I'm glad I called her a mind of me. Wouldn't have no mobile today. Whatever reason we don't have any new mobile, it's because Book of Brian is having nervous breakdown. But you'll get him straight enough today. Won't you? I'll shake him. So anyway, any enquiry, if you're gonna have this, this is another one. You gotta pick up a public and lease leaf through it page 20 this week. And choir, at least next week, these every 10 months. And choir, the one you'll get in about four months. And we get a glaciers night of terror. I'm just sitting here while I'm playing. And there's a picture of Enrique, who looks, he looks like him. He looks good. Like he always does. And then there's a picture of model Emma Jones. You know who she is? No. Blime? Oh, that never the down. Well, no, I'm just saying she's a blind. And I'm just saying if you let me finish, besides getting so a psychotic. From the chin down, I mean, from the bottom of the chin, because even a chin is bad. She is sensational. I give her about a 42 from the chin, the face. She's gotta be one of the Mia's sister. I mean, she is so ugly. All over with your marginal taste sometimes, I don't know. But she, and I was sticking to myself if you could put Enrique's head on her body. I know it'd be unusual. Make a hell of a movie. I'll take it that. You see what I'm saying? I'm looking her up. Emma Jones. In other words, what I'm trying to say is he's a lot prettier than she is. Although she's got, I mean, she's got boobs here that are just, I don't know if they can possibly be real. And you can basically see the one, maybe she's only, in fact, I think she's only got one. Maybe she's kind of a riot carry. You know, maybe that's where her other one went. Or is that under were pushed? That's seriously. I'm looking at this thing and it looks to me like she's just got one breast, because the other part of her bra is like flat. You know what I mean? You don't see anything. You gotta get, uh, inquire. But what happened with our buddy that's sending all the tabloids over there? Let's go. Let's go. We don't want to be a bunch of free loaders over there, but let's get the good stuff. So I didn't do. Even Carlos can take a puke at it. You'd see exactly what I'm talking about. If you saw this one, one tremendous breast. I mean, it almost is worth the price of your mission, but the other one appears to be, uh, missing. Anyway, let and heartthrob is attacked twice in the same evening. Poor and wreakay. Let and heartthrob and wreakay. The greasy is nearly lost as good looks when angry strangers targeted his face in two, terrifying attacks in one night. On the sailor swung a bottle at the pocketer singers' head, but was stopped an hours later, another sock and wreakay in the jaw. It was quite a shock for him, reveal it in cider. He's a low-key guy, it does go out looking for trouble, but twice in a few hours it came looking for him. In weekdays, moment of terror came on November 14 at the MTV Europe Awards in Barca Lona, where he was partying with pals in some of the top names in music. A tack number one came in a VIP or in the luxury hotel arts overlooking the city's Ritzie Marina, in cytosay in Reakay and his pals recorded the middle of a wild west-style brawl erupted, and one drink crazed guest picked up a heavy booze bottle and swung it at in Reakay's post. His face that is. Miraculously and alert security guards standing near the singer, pounced and grabbed the thugs arm, just as he was about to connect, can you see this in vision this now? Sure, good to see this. Just inches away from in Reakay's post. Reakay was so shaken he fled with his pals to escape the Mayhem. Hours later, and Reakay walked out of an elevator in the hotel and right into a tack number two, who was heading for the bar of the hotel with gorgeous English model Emma Jones on his arm. When the two went two men started hurling insults had him reveal the insider, it looked I would like to hear jealous of and Reakay who was with Emma, although he's been dating tennis beauty and a corner covalently. Right. Right. Suddenly one of the are you guys ever going to get it or not? Jennifer Lopez and a corner cova. I mean, I agree with you about the JLo thing, but the Anna, we got a big giant post rep here that her legs look great. I don't know what you're talking about. I'm not talking about her treat wrong. So I'm talking about the men she. Oh, oh that. Like our governor would say dates like when quotes you want to make the things. Yeah. Anyway, that's fun. Suddenly one of these guys punched and Reakay in the face before this low life could do any more damage. One of the singer's bodyguard stepped in and pinned the guy to a wall while in Reakay was hustled away. A pal of the singer said in Reakay was rattled by the two violence assaults. He tried to make out that he wasn't worried, but because the punch of the face came soon after the first attack, it did get to him. He doesn't know whether he was in a wrong place at the wrong time, whether he was targeted because he's famous or maybe because something else, you know, that it doesn't mention the article here. Yeah. Well, maybe they were making comments that he might have been. But I doubt that. I didn't birth a loner where they speak like that. Yeah, I got a theory. Why the attack to. He can't think for a sh**. Are you picking out my good buddy again? That invited me personal. Were you going to a way when that happened? No, I think I was away. I was away. I heard all about it. Yeah. In fact Carlos came running out breathlessly. Wasn't that Carlos that had the message from Dorothy from Shirley Brooks? Yep. It comes breathlessly, wasting out in the parking lot. Oh, Shirley Brooks just got on one unit. Well, I was going to retract that night. I love him, Recap. Love you sweetheart. But no way. No way in Recap. Because. FUNNY. Bad for my image being at them concerts. But in Recap soon that over a scare thanks to his busty model pal, show business I'd say he spent most of the MTV Awards coming with Emma and later jetted from Bartholome to London for some more TLC from the 24 year old blonde. Emma's very aware of Enrique's relationship with Anna Kornalholya and Anna de Palavema, who's a familiar sight flashing a raffle charms on London party circuit, but she's flat or he's calling her so much. And you'd be infected. She and Mariah could get together. They'd have a nice set. You know what? They'd make a pair. Oh, I will say this. At least this broad is Emma. Herses like over on the side. So there might be another one hiding under the other side of the bra. I'll go find it. Though with Mariah, we know she just has that one big one in the middle of her chest. And a breast, too. 21 till 1 at 5 60 WQAM. We all have different lifestyles and therefore need different products to make us feel better and be in the top than the Pinker Good Help as they say. And here's one for you. Oliomed. Olimed formulas are advanced combinations of the finest olive oil you'll find anywhere with vitamins, vinnables, urbles. Other nutrients. In fact, this copy says 10, 10. I remember 10, 10 wins New York. I remember 10, 10 CFR V Toronto. It's over the 10th. It doesn't say what year. Look for Oliomed's three great new formulas. They have one to help you sleep on to help you control your weight and cook you 10, which is so damn important for your heart. All using the benefits of the purest olive oil anywhere combined with those other good things. Oliomed is a great new product. It's good for you and you can pick some up today. Anywhere all over time because more and more people are poppin it. Publix, Eckridge Walgreens, they all carry it. If you want to get more information about Oliomed's products and what you can do for you, just call tool free 1 8 6 6 Oliomed. Just 1 8 6 6 6 5 3 6 6 3 6 3 3 can also work their products online at Oliomedamerican.com. And please don't forget how could you possibly? Then if you visit your nearest publics and buy you an Oliomed product and data-brower, you'll get a coupon good for a free Larry Cochor, Bobblehead doll. Well supplies last. Don't forget to visit their sampling put in its sports time every Sunday when the offensive plan home games like this weekend. Pick up some product information in some free Oliomed samples and for your health start poppin Oliomed soon. Here are the longs were trimmed and cars had rims. It seems so very long ago. I dream and Hawaii neighbor with every force inside I ride. Your face may vary and ride. Well I hate to step on those last couple of precious notes. You must see. I'm paid 20. I think you agree with me from the chin down she rates highly on a Richter scale. I found one bad picture of her with her hat covering her whole face. She's a writer apparently so there aren't a lot of shots of her. She's a writer apparently. I see. Anyway, Gregory Peck's grave last days. This is in the Aquarron page 3435 this issue that you're going to be getting in about six months. On page 35 there is a picture if the last thing you do in your life is get this issue. It's worth it. I mean this picture is so grotesque. There's a look on this man's face. It looks like he died six years ago and nobody told him. I mean it's sad because I like Gregory Peck. He was good actor. Do you think today's generation has any idea who that is? No. Two people. I'm talking about today's people. No. To kill a mocking bird. Right. How the West was one? Great actor. What's wrong with you was he in gaslight? That was Charles Boyet. Anyway, he was in so many damn great movies. Great actor. Good guy. Good humanitarian. Friends fear the worst as beloved star vanishes from his favorite haunts. Screen legend Gregory Peck is in a shocking state of declining health and approve what they published these gross picture. I mean, do you. These exclusive and choir photos taken November 14 show the 86 year old actor looking disturbingly frail as he's been driven in the car near Cedar's Massion Emeckel Center in LA. And I wouldn't as told the inquire of his mouth wouldn't close and his eyes were just staring blankly he looked exhausted. Poor Gregory was practically catatonic. 86 could easily pass for one 26 in these pictures. Accordingly I witnessed others inside the car with the fragile actor attempted to hide the Oscar winner from sight, but Gregory didn't realize what was really going on. He didn't even turn his head to the awareness. The shocking glimpse of the honeywood icon comes on the heels of widespread rumors that his health is failing. No kidding. A family friend told the inquire of the belief that Gregory's presence did help is being covered up this for the he suffered a minor stroke. That's the story going around and the Hollywood swallowing loose another giant. So the watch is on, I hate to say that, but the watch is on. Fat boy or Gregory Peck or my contract. Ha ha. I already forgot about that. Jacko the secret battle to take away his kids. Here's some good news. This is pretty long, I guess I better save it for tomorrow. It's too long. Don't have time for it today. Damn it. I've been victim killer, Dr. Phil's henchman scared me to death. Hey, I got to this for it's a negative story that has anything to do with Dr. Phil Alreader. Good. He is, you know, you talk about politics the same as to an entertainment anything else. How is it possible that there are millions of stupid women out there that are watching this piece of crap? How is it possible? Oh, pertultum too. His act is so weak and so lame and so repetitive and so pathetic. God is he on and by the way, congratulations to Channel 4 and Buffalo, whatever the CBS of Phelene is, I believe, Channel 4 for taping guiding light and putting it on to your clock and afternoon everything because guiding light the last couple of weeks has been the best in the history of the show I would say. It's been spectacular. Outstanding. But in the meantime, down there, Channel 4 CBS, they put Dr. Phil on at the 3 in the afternoon and are writing guiding light at the CBS supported time of 10 in the morning. Who do I want to see there? Who wants to watch a soap opera 10 o'clock in the morning? It's just it's on American, you know what? Wouldn't you say? No, I don't care. Well, I don't care whether you care or not. Don't be knocking, guiding light now, Mr. Patience. Patience, you can knock because that's show. It's it's Pandriss. I mean, it's going nowhere. It just isn't going anywhere. Too many of the great characters are gone or the replaced the actors. It's just don't go anywhere. Hey Louise, you want to tell Antonio now or before he accrokees. Wow, we're still taking it about it. Oh, God. But guiding light is getting pretty intense. And Danny is still alive and what's your name? Don't know about it, but she suspects and Philip and Alan and Olivia and Newton John, it's pretty intense. So congratulations, Channel 4 and Buffalo, for taping the show and show to the three and the afternoon so I can watch it in my leisure. And I'll say it one thing. It's a damn good thing Boca Bryant didn't call between three and four years today. Because you think I ripped him an ass yet? Oh. That would be, that would be a cause for audio spurred dismissal. He could start doing bits for the most show. Well, I got the same haircut. 10 to 1 at 5, 16 WQN. There's never been a better time for you to buy a new home or refinance. You're existing one then, write this moment. How about a rate of 3.95% you heard right the financial group can offer you and unprecedented 3.95% and all you got to do is call them and they'll spend you how you can take advantage of this great deal. Call financial group toll free 1-800-940-LND. That's 1-800-945363. The money you're going to save is positively tick about it. You can get yourself a hundred thousand dollar loan for only 450 bucks a month or a two hundred thousand dollars each year. In fact, this copy is sold and don't even have a date on it. It says before Abelink and was a baby. So, call our good friends at financial group toll free at 1-800-940-LND. There's never been a better or smarter time to get to a low interest rate. And be sure and tell the Todd Regtoy did make that call. It'll be mighty impressed. Call financial group you'll be on your way to save in a lot of cash. Financial group is an equal housing lender. Credit restrictions do apply and rates are something to change if you wait too long. So don't wait calm now. 1-800-940-LND. That's 1-800-945363. 5-800-6656. 3-800-480. I wouldn't believe a word in the ill-set if this tongue was not right. I'll heard of rude, often his shiny nose. And we all know Frosty who's made out of snow. But all of those stories seem kind of gay. Because we all know who brightens up our holiday. 1-800-945363. Mr. Hanking the Christmas food. Small and brown he comes from mutes. Set out the toilet, dear. He comes. Squeeze and tween your festive buns. A present from now on below. Spreading joy with a holly. He's seen the love inside of you. He's up his shoes. Sometimes he's noticing some times he's quoting he can be brown or green his brown. But if you eat fiber on Christmas Eve he might come to your town. Mr. Hanking the Christmas food. He loves me. I love you. Therefore my care is leaving. He loves you. I can make a Mr. Hanking too. We're now where is he? And he's coming. Come on, good boy. And I'm joy. Come on, I can see his head. Here he comes. No! I'm Mr. Hanking the Christmas food. She's in three months. I love you. Let's sing, shant and I tap white. Now we're four and out of waste. Who's game I like to play? Stick me in the mouth and clap to see. Fouling, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Christmas time has come. Sometimes he's ready on point before. Sometimes he's badly bothered. Sometimes he hangs off the end of your ass and won't fall in the toilet. Because he's just clinging to your spink, though. And he won't drop up and see. She gets around, she'll get to drop in the toilet and finally it does. Mr. Hanking the Christmas food. Christmas leaves he must leave his. I shall now let his never go. His smell and his feet will bleed. He can't see. And back to a talk of the six and five, 60. Here's a lady in Boko. Hello. Hey, hi, Neil Rogers. Yes, man. I want you to know. I know Gregory. I can't believe Gregory Pekstow alive. I knew Tyrone Power Clark able for there. That's not what I want to talk about. What do you think about the ash crop? I think that's why I live in Canada and Holland. Well, you must have problems Canada has a government that has plenty to do with our dough. No. Everything is relative. Yeah. Right. Okay. Well, it's worth here. We're more powerful than Canada. Yeah. But what? I think the word you're looking for is dangerous. What I'm looking for is dangerous. No, America's more dangerous than Canada than that powerful dangerous. Right. Kiss and drink. What about Kiss and drink? Exactly. Okay. Let's have a great day and see how to Randy. Okay. Oh, my God. You have something Carlos. I'm going to tell you what I get back down here. Yeah. You're going to look like, you know, what looks like if there's somebody steps on a roadshank just like, I'm not talking about that kind of a roadshank. See everything within his drugs. I never knew that. Well, of course, you hired him. I did a thought to station hired him. I thought you hired him. Oh, he started. He just came in one day and started doing stuff and just showed up and talked. He talks to go to a game. Oh, yeah. Well, I'm going to show that Eric. I think or two. And I'm sitting him all these damn lengths. And he won't do this. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Put some two people to the easily between the two of them over the ages 600 easily. Easily. And of course, look at the great. Look at the threat. It's impact. He said on our website. Do you see the changes on there? Since he's shown on, remember that. That's her. Oh, that's right. Ericsfall. And you were an asshole. It's interesting. We got this for we got a four way deal going on. We got Eric the computer. Gap and Orlando. We got Volca Brian, little ballty. We got George and Carlos. And all of them. They're doing like a little Kazaski in the dancing around around around in the circle. I think it's called a circle jerk and putting the finger at your fall. No, it's your fall. And they're like, I'll run around. I mean, time nothing's happening on there. The website is his naked is. What's your name there? And that picture with a miki. Emma. I saved this. This is from not that far. About five days ago. Kuring that sneeze with more ease and a cousin would just with that very nice lady was talking about. Even though she didn't have a clue what I was saying. The US government approved over the counter sales of the popular allergy remedy. Claritan last Wednesday. Along anticipated move that'll save uninsured allergies sufferers money. But prove more costly to those with prescription drug insurance plans. There's a lot of experience with claritan and safety in efficacy. So they should be absolutely no problem with it being available. Without a prescription fee for in Cisco pharmaceutical consulting firm for in Cisco International tool CBS radio news. The decision comes four years after a prominent insurance company petition the FDA. The force perkins make it a seller without a prescription in the US. Just has been the case for a long time in Canada. A. That's one other thing that really kills me not only are the prescription drugs so much cheaper here. And many of the things that you can buy without a prescription. And I have to get ripped off and it's scamma going to the doctor and forcing to pay him like a blackmail the right you a prescription like a legwer for example. I take a legwer a lot. Do you ever take a legwer? No, thank you. Why not? I don't know. It's great for allergies and sinus and all kinds of it's good stuff. I'll go get some right now. No, you won't because you got to get a prescription. That's my point. Over the counter here, hey, that's the way to do it a lot cheaper. These cheap Canadian dollars. That's the way to go, hey. As the US continues ripping off the public and a public sits back and goes, Ooh, and lay it on me, baby. Lay it on me, I love it. I'm stuck it up. Take away my rights. Just stop all over my ass. I love it. 462 votes due support of affirmative action. 82% of this audience say absolutely positively. No. And a mad dog's coming up next in spite of it all. Bye bye. Bye bye. You got the sticker. I'm gonna stick your spoon of it. I don't owe it to the public. I don't owe it to the public.