Yeah Should we just hit it What wait a minute where is the promo where's the ID where is the promo? Where's the beef man? Where's the something guilty? Tell me turn like mode to you You're right to show us next. That's what was supposed to hear your guilty. You little swerb Ask you what what was that? What was the new one on the name he just got up and walked down? Maybe they didn't know that there was supposed to fire an ID off after that. I Stick motherfucker. I put one of my socks at night. So I smell like you're sister's cry to the morning What what happened when you get to got them put in the way back put down a goddamn fool already Fancy Conno Lisa Jeff run movie With your fucking yellow cheese so far apart Come Conno Lisa Conno Lisa What you be doing If you're not just like that, open schmots of stuff If you think of you a hat or bookly book If you can black it and you're not here. Who is smart? Does they like how you have their shoes from the Lisa Oh the way you wash and walk the white his cars Joseph Junior says he trust you completely To sell our allies of the greedy or a wall But then he make you clean all the white house bathroom The top of the seat the toilet and then scrub the floor Hey, fuck Hey, Jerry you don't wear sandals God don't leave you Your clothes you don't even make them all rich and you You're not being naked You just like it, people throw If you're be what you can be that don't kiss you When they while you be faking fat gay, you may be like That they're treating you just like your estero That's when you hit will move from touch to touch From the legal It's a bullshit rubber They be crackle asshole Yeah, I was pretty awake there, guilty You know something I don't want to start to bitch about him too Now just because he's under conserving with most mornings I'm glad he didn't get jigsmick to judge me Donald's job, you know it The guilty It was that spot What do you mean by that? I'm talking about firing all the idea I'm talking about the abruptly right before that You know, so if he took another five seconds Hey, the fat fag gets coming up next in Mad Dog You know, we got a whole line of people coming on here You know, that's just some little twerp talking about ball games How about those ball games? Now even George is excited about it Not that he watched them, but he feels it in the air Do you don't feel it? What? All come on Saturday and last night that had to be two of the most electric games in the history of the sports Even if you don't like sports there were games their hurricanes and the seminal all by the way You know what I forgot to mention of all the important things for it A steep sucks and I's gone Bobby Bob and should have gone for two you moron You got out coached you idiot, but anyway right down to the end And this time at least it wasn't wide right, which is Florida State Air But here against the hurricanes lately wide right would have feel real And the time it was wide left because of that bad snap Boy it's a good thing for the hurricane and have a good snap Because that kid would have kicked that right through the middle And then last night is if that wasn't enough excitement to keep it on Let me say it again greatest name in the history of sports even better than extra hip Ethnic sands The hurricane star receiver Ethnic sands he be having good hands That ethnic sand and it be filled ETH ENIC Ethnic Huh? He's kind of like racial shorts Is that racial or racial? Ha ha ha ha ha ha How do you be saying that and of course also in a game with Ethnic sands was roofest Jones Now I just I don't want to tell dark folks what you ought to name your kids Okay, but roofest is probably not a real good idea Even shoefro at least is a little bit humorous, you know I wrote yeah, Tyrone is but roofest just do not be good Okay, that'd be a good the dark name Ethnic sands, right? Okay, if you ever heard a name like that in your own, that's new one And then last night as I started to say, guess who the star now you can guess Who the star for that offense was last night? Ollindo Moray Moray Very good say George don't even follow sports and how about those peh uh I'll see Oh, I got off of that thing and I'm in the wrong place How about those freaking patriots yesterday Hey, stop Wow, talk about an embarrassment I don't want to get two sports intensive But it was a heavy duty week so for South Florida the Panthers win an overtime in Atlanta five to four On our ship, I should match a Matthew bill is the younger brother of Marty Barron He's the young defenseman on the Panthers and play the media Hey, Denny, uh, pot fan, we can't figure out what you're talking about Nobody has a clue what you're saying including yourself Matthew the home But anyway, so the Panthers win an overtime in Atlanta The Hurcouans win and a just nail biting gut wrenching fourth quarter The record crowd of the orange bull and last night in Denver right there in Denver The dolphins pull it out of their rest Denver kicks a 55 year Jason Elam kicks a 55 year field goal with just seconds left in the game 45 seconds to put Denver head by a point Miami gets the ball there's that Jewish kid with a big ears from a Dartmouth J. Feele Who nobody wants to give any credit and there's that the only of those whole season Right through that's farce is how mean the aligned backers hands number 51 That's a bad number to be where you know I'm saying You know who used to wear that number Brian Cox I could put the thing under but a one-leave stop for the Patriots because that was that was embarrassing right there in the winland okay boys You can't complain about their running defense because they don't have any man My grandma could run for 15 yards of carry through that defense But nevertheless so it was a very traumatic sports weekend and no chiffy in a year That's why that that I mean Talk about pulling the air out of a balloon I guess yeldy must have sucked all a helium out of the balloon. That's why it sounds like that Because it was done left by a nine o'clock. We get nothing man. We don't even get like a hey here's the asshole nothing even a monkey the organ grinder We got nothing is that in there. Would you put that on organ grinder organ grinder? We don't even get that now Like I said, well, do you backstabber I got a jugs drop. I'm gonna make damn sure that Well, I wish you a missed that little morning pool, you know I'm gonna talk about the first thing I'm talking about the morning sickness pool Ron Hershey highway Poor Caroline like I knocked up the hall I said knocked up the hall. I didn't see God knocked up Now who else And gilding Who ought to create that? Okay, we don't miss gilding. Not after that pathetic lead in this morning That was weak man. Somebody oughta be spanking you out in the hall right now, Gildy I'd like to see Duff put him over his knee right now and spank him In fact, Duff can put him over his knee and Clara's good spanking. Now that we got all these<|nn|> shots around here When you love to see that Nope I'd pay big bucks to see that Give him a little spanking. You probably enjoy it Damn 1193 votes on a pole from Friday and you people out there man, you'd just see this is another part of my being back here Which believe me I'm gonna last two long folks this ain't gonna last too long This place is the end of the universe and being here being in his building. I never up until this time Because the two previous times when I came back in April and in June when I was I guess was three It was for like five days was for a few and I knew it was only gonna be for a few days So psychologically can save yourself How big the undoing three shows I'm getting back out of here But now that I'm supposed to be here for four and a half months or at least a ledge It's like being on death row. You've got to be kidding me. You have to be joking me This place is like it's like the land of the walking dead You can feel it. You can smell it So the fact that we got all those big victories over the weekend in sports Even if you don't like sports it and it's got to be something Okay better than anything else going on here and being in this building just Heavy heavy duty even just having to see your close personal friend the other day. What is 800 suit? You know what I'm talking about? Yeah him that's depressing. That's mortifying. It's debilitating 1193 votes and a poll the tone of Neil show is well, let me do it after the break. Okay, because I'm gonna go into what a great length And we might just take calls for four hours today. I don't know that's what they want when I'm here When I'm not here see when I was in Toronto It seemed to me correct me if I'm wrong. It seemed to me like things are going along sensational We were getting phenomenal response on our website everything seemed to be really rolling along. You know Yeah, and then I came back here. It's like holy craft man. It's like It's like Eh and spite of what they say and a poll which will get to it's better there observations I Think things were going a little bit too well and this town doesn't like that. They resent it when things are going well for it when you sound like you're in a really good mood And then of course Thursday the first day I come back here and they're they're hammering downstairs and they're banging and they're SONG and they're drilling and I'm trying to do a radio show up here And then of course Greg comes in here your close personal friend Greg comes in And at that time I didn't realize that he was up to his old hygiene again Hi, he's an honorable man. He's an honorable man. All right. We should live so long. He's an honorable man And John Wayne Gacy was a funny guy too 10 after nine at five 60 WQM does this sound like you overwork underpaid or stuck in a really crappy dead end job Underappreciated We'll do yourself a favor and pick up the phone a call our good friends at fast train at this toll free number One eight six six fast train the demand for certified computer professionals has never been better And fast-tracking up your team of a new career in his little four months. You know when mufflers in here I forgot to ask you how to take a Greg's temperature today You know how you do that, don't you fast train the south floor this largest certified Microsoft training set of locations in Pembroke Pines for Lauderdale candle and Miami fast rain offers you can be in the day and evening and weekend classes They got a full-time job placement to vermilovative 30 years experience So if you are overworked if you are underpaid under appreciated if you're stuck in a really crappy dead end job working for some lying sack of crap Don't wait one more minute pick up the phone call fast train toll free at one eight six six fast train Think about it in just four short months You can be on your way to becoming a high paid computer professional and a career with greater and potential on I forgot about Patrick Sir 10 2 Hope I'm certain that's his name now. Sir 10 he changes name, you know because he's one of those hot-assish vases Take my advice pick up the phone call fast train at one eight six six fast train that's one eight six Fast train or check them out of the web at www dot fast train dot com and see for yourself what we've been screaming about for years now The Brown Find a new way to attack a bookbie go home and eat your whole home. Till you explode. Just like your fat fat choded ladies, I feel like you see it's on a plane. Spilling your fingers that have yellow stain from Cheetos and see your tools. Ask your piggy poo go. You have to be fat disgusting and tasty. Oh, you are. You make the show a bit when it's mild. I like the cows, that it's sassy. Things may be bad, so repulsive and mild. Your body cheese smells like a crab bun. The apple in was occupied by head past their dishes. You want to get into your car. The shirt you got in. Why? On a can squeal. On a can squeal. On a can squeal fat lady. It's dimmed with your numberless feet. Slaver in the store to the tree. Between the meat and the mashed potato. He's cute. He's great. It's most fishy to me. That's a food for you. That's for you, Zach. You tubby food, push your you. Come in here this morning with a little sack. He slips your little bag there with a chocolate. What is it? It's chocolate muffin. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. They want to deflect the agenda of the program. It's what they want to do. And then of course, sure when they're also the idiots of the Chronicson or Crank, who want to take the program over again, who feel that they've been disenfranchised. Makes no difference. We're going to show a 542-45 percent. The tone sucks. We want the caller's back. 458 percent. 38 percent. What the caller's back. Are you ready for that? Where are the caller? Do you see any? No. You know, here we head. Here this is supposed to be the sports station. And these people are supposedly such gung-ho football lunatics. Three times I went out there. First, when I came in, so that's four. Because I went out to take a league twice this morning. Just, there's nothing like your good P. That's what my aunt read. It says. Lunch dinner, nothing like your good P. They're cheap. Anyway, and I looked at the phone out there. There was no tremendous number of phone calls on there. Those phones should have been a lot of wouldn't you think? Hurricanes, dolphins last night. One of the great games in history of the franchise, one of the most Cidulating games. You've got to be on your ass after watching that game. And even after, uh, the e-lum kicked that 55-yard field. Well, I'm sitting myself. Hey, there's 45 seconds left in this game, baby. Uh, and ain't over yet. And not being any dolphin fan, which I'm not going to be a phony and jump on a bandwagon. I got to give them credit. Doing one hell of a job in Olando, Montrey. And I noticed that the TV announces here last night on, uh, what was that on? Well, it was on channel four here. But they didn't call him Olando, Montrey. None of them. Because anyone know why? Because that's not his name. I just mentioned that in passing again. Not that anybody here cares about my new shell like that. But are you certain about that? Oh, God. Ethnic Sands. It tickles my glands when I just say it. Ethnic Sands. And it's sports again. How many times have I talked about that in sports? You can have any name in Olando, our ridiculous citizen. And the sportsers. Oh, yeah. Ethnic. How you do? I would be doing Ethnic. Huh? Can you imagine having a kid naming him Ethnic? Nope. Well, what is that? It sounds like some kind of an ethnic reference to me. And then you got that moose guy up there in, uh, D.C. The chief of police. Any word that's got a THN that turns into a V. Maybe that's because they're close to Virginia. Huh? And it like, uh, together. We're working together to work on it. Well, what is that? Together. And this is the chief of police. Hey, you dark folks out there. I don't want to pick on you too much. But it's about time that you started like getting the boom box off your shoulder and getting with it. You know, maybe like attending one or two classes a year or be good in between crack deals. I mean, cut it out. Cut the crap. I know I don't want my car wash this week. Oh, WQI in. Deal. Yes, sir. I don't know if you heard the man that's last night when all around. Sir, I was watching the game on TV. I was not listening on a radio. Well, you should get it on a drop. Because he's not just like he blew a brain gasket when that they went through the bus. Yeah. I could not believe he was. I was listening to when that went through. I thought I'd say I thought it's how to explode. Really? It was the biggest RRF. And then the woo. It was real. I mean, there was a little bit sad. I mean, it was nice. But with a man that's in the course. And what do you mean it was sad? Well, I mean, he gets very excited. But I don't know how to say his low-powering was sad because more power was trying to scream over him. He's crazy. He's crazy. He kicks the phone. And the background, you just hear man just trying to get his woo out. If it was, it wasn't well done. I think that the two of them don't want to well together. If I could, as a mother was a big, you know, hard head and like to do that. Okay. Thank you. Have a great day. That was a good. What are you giving me? I looked like that. That was a good call. This fine took a little cheap shot at Moa and there too. And also even Maddoz. He's a little grace. You know, you're giving me a look like a, like that. Anyway, can I do the pool here? The show is best for Miami 118 9.7 percent. Best from Toronto 63, which is obviously the correct answer. 5.2 percent. And best from Amsterdam 20, 1.6 percent. Like I said, I did so few shows from Amsterdam. How would you know anyway? So, you know, excluding that, the correct answer comes up last. The best from Toronto. The show was smoking from there. It was great. Yeah. The differences like the difference between night and day. I crawled out of the sack. I got all my stuff there. I downloaded a bunch of other stories. I'm sitting there. I'm going to great mood. I don't have to put up with all these butt plugs coming into my place. Right. Yeah. Don't have to get into car and go through a bunch of assholes on a highway. I'll tell you one thing this morning. I'm coming on 5.95. I've missed 5 bucks for which is again a new wreck. All of a sudden they start jamming on their brakes. I mean, slamming on their brakes. Was there any reason for that? Oh, there was nothing there. Just for the halibut. And the guy in front of me, I mean, you could smell the rubber. It was like you'd walked into a rubber factory. The aroma was just incredible. It was seeping if you catch my drift. That kind of an aroma. So we have 129 votes out there. And 38% want the callers back. When he just had one, he was pretty good. I don't it doesn't bother me. I got a whole look at your witness. You got a whole pile of stuff here. This could take me to four o'clock if I wanted to. Okay. Killer when his truck on video restaurant manager charge in sniper hoax. You know, that story. Nope. Well, there you go. Steve Dunlevy. These are terrorists. He's talking about these because there's more than one in the truck in the white box truck. There's two. And he says they are terrorists. Vile crimes. Farx austere. The greatest tragedy in the history of those islands. 100 of almost 200 people did. Right. And I'll kind of done it. And some of their other some of your other good Arab friends. Some of my friends. Some of your terrorists, Arab friends. Your friends. The bombers. The crazy bombers. The people are all in always love bomba. And of course, it's interesting that you should be in league with them because what do we have here in Miami in the 60s and 70s. Bommings. If we come somebody got pissed off. Lobbomba. Of course, now it's kind of different. You know. I don't know. Don't tell me about those Jews. By the way, Puerto Ricans expand those. Aldin and Gerraco, our past looking at these rich immigrants expand donations to GOP and jet bush. There's another great story for all of you. Hulliose out there Puerto Ricans. George had a good point on them. Anyway, so at least he's not perfect. Meet producers. We called 27.4 million pounds of Delhi product. 27.4 million pounds. And guess where there are how far back they're dated. Since May. June July August September. It's only five months. Yeah. you want an awye because they got this stereo I don't want anybody get his stereo overless theory except maybe ethnic sands and you know something nobody will have one comment about that name because like I said the sports thirds they whatever it is that's what it is like what's his name what tells the receiver used to play for the jets I can't just have a brain fart now you know who I'm talking about with the ridiculous name they are all these other it's a new thing in markets part of the racist uh underpinnings of the society whatever the hell I mean it is name your kids the most ridiculous outrageous idiot it's either that or it's the Islamic names that we got Rashid Hashem ah Hashelam shorts all I crap right at least they got an excuse you have it it's a well maybe it's an ethnic thing I don't know ethnic sands I wonder if he's kind of Tommy sands you think oh it's big of a Tommy sands we got some bad news Raycona rhymes with gana for a kind of is dead he died somewhere I see we don't have the music we don't have any somewhere my love my Raycona great composer great fan later huh not even an even Christmas Columbia Records man he was there for a couponsay to shine 85 and he's dead okay I'll give you the new pull the second error just relax okay because we're getting way behind I have to take a lot of calls today I don't think we're gonna get a lot of calls today and of course the excuse is not only is it Monday it's Columbus Day see haven't you thought about that oh no and there's a lot of Columbus Day festivities going on out there isn't isn't there oh that's right how about a coyote or they celebrate in Columbus Day there how would I know wasn't he well he was with Queen he's a fellow she was a spick he was an authorized agent of Spain like I just said it's correct what I just say he's a spick I didn't say he was a spick I said Queen is a Bella was a spick okay what line would you be spicking out must you just pissed off as the Puerto Rican are supporting the jet mice there would you be I'd be embarrassed to I'd be more embarrassed I'd be more kind I'd be so upset not in the do with them you know I had you don't know I do your kid man there's a lot of audiences there's a lot of time and he has nothing to do with me 27 after nine at five 16 wqm let me tell you right now about our good close personal friends and dry concepts hey here's they got their own website now too by the way wwww dot dry concepts dot com you can log on there take a look for yourself and find out about all great things they do for you how they do that miracle on your floor that I've been telling you about for over 20 years on this program carpet dry cleaning which nobody else in the world does which is why nobody is as effective because they can make even the worst looking and spelling carpets in the world look and smell just like brand new and of course also a post reclaning leather cleaning or an or rug cleaning and repair water damage restoration and of course they'll take care of pet odors od white all about those and more in Broward column at nine five four three seven oh seventy seven seventy seven seventy eight nine five four three seven oh seventy seven seventy eight in data are palm beach called tool free one eight hundred two four eight five seven one one eight hundred two four eight five oh seven one and a matter what kind of work you have do for or they have for you a dry concepts you don't have to worry about getting ripped off because it could give you a written guaranteed price before they start to job column today you can clean today and entertain tonight it's not just a slogan it's their business at dry concepts my and look all this is for twenty five sixty and I'm in hornier path tantка I would sing the verses he wrote Stepping in fetching that the whim of his white man's old I would sing the verses he wrote He just couldn't eat Of the globalist records I would sing the verses he wrote And of the songs of the young cool I would sing the verses he wrote Up with sweet black sake who flips food Oh! For him how would his thermos as he wrote Yo! Call him big call him big call him big call him Be a slave to me he he wrote Yes For him how would he do? I'm 33 I wonder if he knows Ethnic Sands you think so? Huh? And I wonder why I call him to her Coo and so you people kidn't man Her Coo Ethnic Sands And you know somebody will call and tell us the origin of that name you know that Hey they might Here's the poll today while we're looking for all those calls man 38% of the audience wanted to call us back And so far we've taken how many? One? One? One And it was pretty damn impressive too And what is that? Memo? A memo saying Let's read the memo Let's get the important memo Maybe that's something to do with the end of the world is coming I'll tell you during the break What do you mean you'll come in during the break? I'll tell you during the break Well, what is it about? It's about somebody passing Somebody died? Yeah So I'll tell you during the break Somebody we know? I'll tell you during the break Here's the poll today Jesus, see another reason I don't want to be here He can't even keep a straight face about it and you're sitting there like Man is it it's bad news I guess it's not good news It's not good news I didn't say it was funny But I'm in the bus I'm in the dark again like condolizum and ethnic sands Here's our poll today President Bush is approval rating is about 16% What do you like about him most? Well, no, seriously His approval rating is 63% that means almost two thirds like the job season What do you like about him most here? I'll give you five choices His tough stand on a rack His handling of the war on terrorism His handling of the economy He's not a flaming liberal or absolutely nothing he's a disaster I got my vote President Bush is approval rating is about 63% What do you like about him most? Let's emphasize that most Let's underline and put it in a talist put it in a heavy duty print Eric Most His tough stand on a rack His handling of the war on terrorism His handling of the economy He's not a flaming liberal or Absolutely nothing he's a disaster Now getting back to a little into Maurey Stem cell science offers new hope to die of bedics See here's another thing I like about him is the fact he's helping to keep us in the stone age I like that a lot Type one this is from the ROIDers type one diabetic patients Maybe able to avoid the need for daily insulin shots through transplants of insulin producing stem cells But the procedure faces problems finding the cells and dealing with immune system rejection researchers said on Friday We've done 38 How do you say that? Islet? ISL-ET I guess that is yes, no, I have seen that. I've just never said it before Have you ever said that before? Not lately 38 eyelet cell transplant procedure since 1999 87% of those patients are free of insulin therapy or after transplantation Said Jonathan Laky University of Alberta or Alberta and Edmonton see I'm reading this too fast now because I'm just two eyes just take those great calls Research from Edmonton other eyelet stem cell transportation centers being presented the day diabetes conference in Anaheim So now in other words what will the mega long story short? It comes down to again the a research stem cell research In the slow down of a crawl because of the good old right wing Christians and they're doing it by the way The Christian coalition is firing up the faithful and proved that it is still as the cloud The coalition is open up a three-day conference in Washington aimed at raising its profile and getting out the vote November Republican Senator James Inhoff of Oklahoma Exordid those who gathered the vote to liberals out of office He called it doing the Lord's work because the Lord ate no flame in liberal. I'll tell you that right now He's a right wing Bible thumb and conservative asshole red neck who likes guns. Oh, it's speaking a guns by the way Support is also proclaimed their solidarity with Israel which many Christians consider partly biblical holy land They heard from Jerusalem as mayor if who would own mayor to said their support helps his rallies endure Palestinian bombings Right He never met a right wing boy. He didn't like his what he's trying to say so speaking a guns you notice If there's some like sniper out there who's like shooting at and killing people from hundreds yards away Have in your own peace, which is what the NRA people are always saying You ain't got to have your own weapons to protect yourself. It's pretty hard to protect yourself when you're out Pumping gas or walk into your school room or whatever and or somebody that you can't even see it's not like in a gun father Or you'll walk right up to him and put the you know bullet through his brains and right spill his guts all over your nice Ivy League suit It's not like that but a thing right They're killing people with his high powered weapons, which of course are readily available just like cracker Jackson Cheetos man Anywhere speaking of that did you see 60 minutes last time yes, I did I Sorry easy people right crazy people. We're demanding the way to minute But haven't I always said that America basically I'm as complicated there a lot of different kind of people America basically is crazy people with guns right But that guy from the mental health association saying oh, there's no indication that these people are gonna Commit future crimes just because they were you start up again. Sorry. Are you starting up picking on those good NRA right wingers again They're on the crazy people yeah, and they're with socials. What's the difference? People are in love with guns. They got some kind of a mental problem. No, hey Maybe they're just a scared and this business about and they're starting the same old crap again. Is it a serial killer is it a What's the other one? A terrorist? No, no, and forget about that but a serial killer a a spree killer They're starting to same old crap again like they did with Kunean and all the time Yeah, the labels make a difference and then this bill What's his name Bill Hummer on CNN is more he's really out of control? He's feeling in for Paul this week and not she's she's about a fabulous light weight in the world He makes her look like a water cranky He's such a lightweight and he's grillin this guy. They got one of these shrinks on he was trying to analyze these snipers and who they are What they're all about is if they have any idea which they don't and he's saying well, yeah, but wouldn't it be a better idea if we like Told them you're a coward and this and the guy is saying no because that's just gonna bait them and taunt them into like coming out and doing more after they took another weekend You know and he's like basically try to tell the cops how to do their job bill Hummer They're on CNN just read the news you asshole all of a sudden. He's a guy damn expert He's a freaking cyclist criminologist and I got them expert a forensic Psychologist and all of these things bill Hummer So freaking news reader is what he has stick to reading the goddamn teleprompter okay bill and stop at living You're making a jack ass out of yourself on me certainly not news network But like I said it sure is hell will help you a lot to go to one of those gun shows that we advertise on this station Lot pick yourself up a whole arsenal of weapons to defend yourself against some sniper day You can't see that shooting you from 100 yards away From out in the bushes somewhere or from his white box pick up truck whatever hell of his Man will get the job done crazy people would guns that's America baby Will it rate me Writing around with your windows now I'll us up on the show right now We've got a vacancy in the hotel We'll talk about men tell your penis well How fast they run and how good they look And pass along tips for your book eat a book Hello sports fans let's talk about Ricky well and over and over again and Elvis Good, but my voice that's hired hired though I start sounding like Don't Talking about friendly men and Oh loving it And some side issues like where are all the lighter trucks? Remember those housing and I use with a writer in front the smell of musty who was wankin that blended so well with eating a sandwich Cruising along in the afternoon Talking about ignorant sport old games Jucks dingle dangled their balls like a bell About how good their jackstraps spells How much talk about women except to say He's got a nice patch of real estate That he's from I have on the line my old friend like wrong Sorry about that I meant This is the old right all around whole trick They're not fooling anybody color I don't think that's kind of aggravation I make plenty of money Don't even need to give so blow it up your ass my friend But I can sit here relax and wear my car It takes a real man to do a radio show and wear a time 1945 at five sixty WQ a lot of thank you all again for the tremendous build up and promotion of the show this morning Did a hell of a job as usual and The U38% out there that want to call us back on a show. I don't know where they are it basically the same is when we used to take calls every day and Center and big form. I don't there's not a call on the board. You see any? No, what are you pounding on the thing there? I was just remembering those days The numbers in writing exactly Screaming in finding out that they got nothing to say and like I said even if it was just a ball game stuff now the one guy He was very entertaining about to the mad dog and ripping them a little bit but other than that these people had nothing to say 560 and I'm doing this to humor those 38% of the people out there and pretend to think and even the people I talked to Thursday and Friday They had nothing to say they wanted to tell me how to do the show. I would hope you're not conversal like that Let's see on a pool we got 21 votes They like most about bro. She's not a flaming liberal 7 absolutely nothing. He's a disaster six his tough stand on a Iraq 4 his handling of the war on terrorism 3 and his handling of the economy One That's probably Kenny lay voted that vote no just before just before they took him away That must have been Kenny lay he did that it was ethnic sands WQAM How you doing pretty good? Yeah, I've been wanting to get through to you for a while I got a good book to recommend about oil Yeah, that's you know playing such a big roll now. It's called The book is called the prize The author is Daniel Urgen YERG I am right that's a really good book It was actually a mini series on TBS Probably like two years ago It's a really sick it's really sick in the book too, but it's well worth the time and any oil too Yes, but I really enjoy reading the articles I guess that's about it. I just I'm gonna happen to be off today if I find one day able to get through okay You're one of those ten people go off for Columbus day, right? Yeah, excellent. Okay. Thanks a lot. Okay Here you go. That was pretty good and he enjoys the articles on here. You don't mind my reading those bedtime stories on here But a lot of people do I mean who do I want to hear some federal faggot reading on here for four hours every day? I don't really care while I'm here Which won't be very long when I go back to Toronto when do the show then I'll do it my show. I'll do it my way like Frankie would say I'll do it my way that's right and be very happy with it and we'll be doing just great As far as oil is concerned, I'm glad you mentioned that because I do have one of my bedtime stories and you're way down in a pile About we better would do this and we better do that, but we are doing it About how we better get rid of our dependency on oil like Europe is trying to do Where the hell is that article? I can't find a goddamn thing Christian coalition. Did I just do that story? Get out there and vote Also the Finland mall blast that was some teenage punk lunatic crazy people would guns crazy people with bombs And set up and so on fall while protests leads to riot you saw that. I'm sure no in India you see that no Alabama ban on sex toys is struck down as unconstitutional Where the hell is my story and here about how we better do like the Europeans and get rid of our tremendous dependency on oil But of course we don't want to get rid of our dependency on oil because all of these damn people who are a control of the government That's they're up to their armpits in oil. They're up to their nostrils and OIL okay. I just got what you're saying WQAM Neil yes, sir. How you doing buddy great? Don't take any callers. I get very little to say but love articles you're reading your own Anyway, how come they got so upset with fall while this time and then it make Such a big bro, aha when he came out against stinky winkies They did He he apologized for that he went out and bought one He's rubbing ticky wink on ahead right now you're right you hadn't didn't have too much to say it was okay though What he's trying to say is they made a bigger stink about this than he did about that Fag thing okay, but you gotta understand if it wasn't for us fags those right wing Christians wouldn't have any goddamn agenda They wouldn't have anything to talk about they'd have to find some other scapegoat like guys named ethanic They'd have to address ethanic issues as opposed to sex issues which they've heard big on sex issues because that plays big with a Christian right Five people were killed Friday when Hindu Muslim riding broke out at a protest against comments made by the Reverend Jerry fall while on 60 minutes Well last night they had a little brawman that didn't you see that on 60 minutes at the end where what's his name Bob Simon mentioned this no, I didn't and talked about the fact that the other that decent people have called on L. Presidente to this associate himself and the condemnos remarks And has he done it? No hasn't done it What's who will give in directions about an ego get that a second we in there so I have there pops me around in there There's another guy that just done I mean when the door open every time the door opens there's some big fat person in it there You know it now who else a good guy but Jesus Christ is he fat is he fat or what? He's in the right place we could start a club and then Zach and fat boy right and me and have a Humper and Howard who? David Howard's fat is the knee I don't think so it got does he really sure? I wouldn't call him fat All right, yeah, okay. I hope he is listening right now even though he would lie about it I hope he's back from Denver which I'm sure he is nice to go on the job by the way by a Linda Marek But the fact of the matter is you're the one about the plaid pants in a pad hair piece I say he had his pie think he had a good point and about his buraco's veins. I didn't say it either painted Whiten green jet colors and about his wife wearing the jet's cap in the crowd the day they Jets were here in town and dolphins knocked the stuffing's out of them that was one the song yeah Well, I don't know I don't want to get everybody over and I'm not jumping on a bad wagon because I don't like them But this I saw that before this last night and I'm saying to myself this could be it this could be the year seriously really I think they could do it this year Even with that juboy jf ealer in there, which this town don't want to give me any credit I think this could be their year. I'm serious because the league is so mediocre even Oakland was shown up for what a Crat team they really are yesterday. They're mediocre patriots suck the joy not Commercial switch the thing that switches the commercials off because that thing is still an issue Yeah, I didn't switch it back and We're gonna brought a lot of people out there who are pissed off a lot of people are relying and showed a kill for the best hours of their life Every guy damn day especially if they live in Florida Which is the greatest public service we do at the prices right at no charge and they can't hear the show right now Which just frost my fantasy. This is what happens when I come back here I'm surrounded by a see of technical incompetence now. Where does that take place? Brought has dot com broad cash dot com well, I'm gonna tell you right now broadcast dot com get with it First we're gonna go after Belle south. We're gonna go after them. Then we're gonna go after something lunch Right after lunch Sergio and highly it says welcome back to the nation's poorest big city Okay, thanks Sergio kind of terminal I get your points Sergio, but it wasn't there wasn't air worthy was great, but it was like I said we 5 670 560 let's go to this one WQAM I know yes, sir Hey, I wanted to say that I've been listening to from a 15 years and thousand high school and Calls back then although there were nothing the right home about in that past six years They've definitely have progressively gotten worse right especially All these angles are calling you telling you what to talk about say this don't say that I mean if I'm listening to something like let's say it's for you and I'm not interested in top You could talk in about Of which something up for a couple minutes up right back and then whatever if you're talking about something that I liked and all this keep a sad See they don't understand they feel if you're I'm gonna take calls I want to hear what they have to say now what they want me to say I want to hear them say something But the problem is as you obviously garnered his last several years is that they increasingly have almost nothing to say exactly And then just to sit on hold for that amount of time just to like say nothing is like I Beyond belief Anyways, I want to too. Thank you You I think initially a year ago Turn me on to small bill And that is like one of the greatest shows It is Hey, and it runs again. I'm warning brothers runs it again Sunday afternoon George and I were talking about we put the show What time is it like between five and six I think I think like I'm there. Yeah, Sunday afternoon This new second season like I think they're going to like the fourth episode Every single episode since episode one of this season hasn't fantastic yeah, and even the scenes for the scenes for this one Tuesday, baby dark the dark side of Clark In fact I understand he changed his name to ethnic To ethnic ethnic hit I wanted to share something I know you're like a big food lover and might you have probably the sugar and diabetes and all that up Yeah, I want some place to eat some brunch on Sunday and I ordered It was cinnamon raisin hola French toast Drows in Vermont maple syrup sugar powder whipped cream There isn't blueberries and I was about to blow up Stop with the nanos offer. Oh great. So I don't know if I could do that probably kill you about if it doesn't kill you. I'll just I'll just think about it I recommend you Okay, thanks. Hey, thanks. Okay, bye. So there's a guy loves the show. We just ran a kill me 27 after 11 at 5. 60 WCM. We got the mad dog was gonna be whipped up into a frenzy a day from one to three He's just gonna make gurgling sounds for two hours He's so excited for your hard field goal everyone yesterday's dolphin game last night in Denver a Simulating performance. It's gonna be a 53 yard attempt Yeah, oh, you want to move. I don't want anymore that that's enough. I don't want to I'm gonna put him on a show He won't even mention my name. We're gonna put that old uh funny daddy on his show stupid right 27 after 11 at 5. 60 WCM time layman is stupid. He's a genius done. I'll tell you just ask him and how it punty actually No tricks just treats this year for Halloween. That's right announcing the great zero percent Halloween event going on right now It held it that's correct with a proof credit from gma see you can get yourself 0% fine. Ancending up to 60 months on all 2002 Pontiacs and GMC models and select 2003s are take a wee bit of up to four grand here's even more good news no payments for 90 days Check out the complete line of GMC SUVs included the envoy voted by motor trend as SUV The earpluscy the all-new Pontiac vibe SUV that's got the power of a big fancy schmancy sports car But trust me when I tell you it ain't no corvette. Hall it's also got a great selection of use cars Trust in dependable SUVs and if anybody like always tell you it's turned you down for credit any other card dealer on the universe Tom Hall a Tom will whatever his name is lady will take care of you and hall it It's the great zero percent Halloween event on right now at Hall at Pontiac GMC 13411 South Dixie high with us US one across in the falls where they've been going strong for 35 years plus open every day of your life 7 days a week Hall at Pontiac GMC who do be professional great You Gordon gives a Florida a major blow job baby Launch a couple missile Earth Torned place we know And a moment of fell Who's first name begins with a Oh There's one thing we all understand Palcat who won't be finished until we blow up Pakistan Yes, we could chase them round forever With our tanks and all our troops that special forces are so tired of jumping through them Jesus Christ it Only need another play So let's cut out all the nonsense and we'll blow up Pakistan How paid on these a nuclear tank Why don't we stop pussyfoot and we'll blow up Pakistan Copy because they have that nooks might be one reason I would think when you think I have something to do with it Boom boom 33 at 560 WM so as usual we're trying to like do the best we can on this internet problem is Concert times we got again as usual it's back it's back The problem was on this end It wasn't broadcast calm we own a policy okay Don't we no But it was on this end because what's the commercial break in it's supposed to automatically kick in based on what's going on here inside this building and of course You know what's going on inside this building no shit crap. That's right If it has anything to do with radio broadcasting with anything technical it's crap pure on the double rated 127 votes on a poll today President Bush is approval rated nationally is about 63 percent what do you like about it most? Absolutely nothing easy disaster 210 64.2 percent He's not a flaming liberal 64 people said that 19.5 percent change it again change it again He's is handling it over on terrorism 31 9.2 percent his stuff stand on Iraq only 17 only 5 percent How do you like that it's backed up where do we're doing it baby? We're on top of it get out of here and Is having a decontomy 5 1.4 percent the economy five clowns out there five people and you want you know what? I commend those people because those are probably people lost their ass They probably had tons of in-run or Halle Burton stock crap like that And they're saying well my least keep my sense of humor you know don't cost nothing to laugh We take a lot of calls today because yeah, we're just I don't know I'm not so sure what anything you do with a poll. I took on Friday although we're trying to prove a point in a let's see 64.9 percent That's been pretty consistent 35.1 is the rest of them and 38 percent with that thing about they wanted to call us back Makes me very very suspicious you this oh why did I put this so far down my pile You talk about freaking hutsman and old man when I got them dress on wait I saw this I just saw the headline and it just frosted my fat all ugly ass in a Boston globe Cardinal respects Vatican will grant you as church waiver to enact hardline sex abuse policy They're gonna grant us a waiver and that nice of them Yeah, wave a back item, okay Wait a wait a like with a with a limp at risk. Wait like that Look at a jersey that very naturally Rome an American Cardinal city yesterday he expects Pope John Paul the tooth will grant the US church a waiver from church law So what can implement its new clerical abuse policy and other what they're trying to say is well we believe that our Canan law supersedes your law which they're full of crap about that but we'll grant you a waiver because we're such a nice bunch of guys Wait, does he have a lot of kutspa their law comes from God. Oh, I forgot about that Well our law comes from good. How do you like that? That says that pedophiles all go to jail directly to jail Do not collect the $200 do not pass going to not kiss the pubs ring or anything else Yeah, but what if there wasn't any passion involved? That's okay Cardinal Francis George of Chicago who is in Rome over weekend made the comments and interview with the A&P Those were suggestions by senior Vatican officials that the Holy sea yeah, hey hold up on fingers. They see this The Holy sea was laying toward accepting the policy on an experimental basis American bishops that after the policy in June after a wave of Sex abuse allegations which we already know about the bishops want Vatican approval so the policy is the full weight of Rome behind them. Thank you hour a year the best say how to Scott, but don't tell not to come in again A rejection will be an embarrassing blow US bishops who are struggling to restore credibility in the wake of the scandal It seems to me that we're a lot of other embarrassing blows and they were long before this a lot of embarrassing blows You know I'm saying I'm sure you do The provisions in the thanks hour have a great day have a happy Columbus stadium Good Italian boy He could be Italian did use the Italians to got a lot in common. He got there. They're why they're reviolis We got our creplos and then the chinks. They stole all of it was one times Well, that's right. I forgot we all we both you look from the tiny Oh, Marco Polo my ass. Okay. There was a good Italian boy Marco Polo. What did this he kick for huh? I wonder if he's really the oil into my egg They provisions in the new policy include requiring diocese to remove guilty priest and church work in some instances from the priesthood itself It also removes a statute of statute limitations for abuse claims Saying a guilty priest will be relieved of his ministry for even a single act of sexual abuse of a minor in the past Present or future That reminds me nothing and we'll make him Delaware in other words if we think you're gonna commit a crime sometime in the future Well, guess what US church lawyers have questioned whether they plan conflicts with cannon law and the due process rights of accused clergy and whether they Osses in labor view boards mandate in the plan have too much authority George who said not our George but Bishop George who said he discussed the issue with Cardinals and roll over to week and said expect to the pulpit accept the policy and we're grant the American church A waiver to get him on aspects of church law that make him flip with the new rules and the Cardinals are pretty excited about tying up the giants in that series For example, he said church law provides for a full blown trial. You notice how often Edward blow is in this lot of blow. I'm going on baby Full blown trial for an accused priest before it could be defrapped George said American press went to the Vatican April for a landmark summer with a pope to ask him to consider granting an exception to law Because the enormity this scandal warred in fast direction that a trial would allow in other words the heat was on man the heat was on And how the heat is off How about it gives a crap about this stuff anymore? The media there too busy with with a sniper The expert sniper And then with and the Iraq Not a question of if but a question of when and the al-Qaeda in which we've done a wonderful job again then have we know not to good Now there's another ral kato tentat shooting in Kuwait yesterday not to mention the thing in Valley of course that grotesque the worst attack in their history over there In the largest Muslim country in the world by the way, I should point that out I just mentioned that in past and we don't want to get too serious here today. We're trying to keep it light keep it light We're back on the internet everybody's happy We want to celebrate the dolphins great win last night the hurricanes climactic win Addible at the next sand you'll be going baby and roof is Jones whatever the names are You know when I knew fs you was gonna lose the game. I can't take it the name of the quarterback for fs you pretty good looking kid by the way number 16 the quarterback for fs and you for the Seminals When they scored what they thought was gonna be the winning field goal or touch now. I forget I forget how the game went He melt down and he crossed himself But that's right. It wasn't touch dunkers then the Bobby went for one instead of two guys go and Bobby you read neck you Yahoo man Bobby Boughton See the apple doesn't fall far from the tree. That's why he's done that theory Bob and is a Well, he sits in the tree most of the time and even he said daddy or more I should have gone for two But anyway this could when he got that and he showed the replay as they were going to commercial break The replay of the crucifixion of crossing his chest crossing his breast He was checking to see if his nipples were still firm how do you like that? I know mine work because he's pretty good looking kid But anyway, I don't remember what is that somebody let me know somebody will facet it in or call it in quarterback for fs you what do you got what's his name? So like I said it was a very exciting weekend, but every time you think this time is gonna be just pumped up into nothing Absolutely nothing man. This is the worst deadhead ass place. Let's have some hockey top. No Don't forget George is gonna be doing some hockey shows. What's his name? Chris Rex Chris Rex and Room where I'm hearing as he's akin to right five range of ricks From flipper was that his name? That was that yeah Chris ricks Chris Rex was crossing himself and like uh that was the kiss of death baby because once you do that that's it you're done 19 don't know it's five sixty wqm the best Chinese buffet in the world is beyond a shadow for doubt Am I doing the right spot? No Well, is this even on today It's not even on the Emerald coast is the best in the world I just pulled out an extra piece of copy. Well, what's wrong with giving them an extra plug there great my friend We'll recognize people in the coast they got three locations sunrise north by me reaching permark pines Then I have a spot on here today, but I just give them a little plug there because it's great go to lunch Animal coast say hey guess what Richard was from tomorrow is a good man by the way good old Richard go leave skull baby We lost the tough on the other night. We'll be okay actually they're playing pretty good Trevor kid played good Got a kick-pits versus ass again tonight Anyway, if you love your home, but you need more space here's the answer what you do you do what hundreds of other smart people like George or do What calls strictly additions how's that thing coming by the way going great? You should see I don't want to see whether you're having a baby like George did unintentionally and eat another room Or if you're converting a carport into our or patty when living space Maybe you wanted a business for yourself. You want to make a home or a fist call these people at strictly editions because they'll do it all for you There you're one stop shop your more space for your place place with an absolutely Possitively worry free approach to expanding your living space those know shows by the contractors ain't gonna happen In complete work no way Jose Jorge You know what I expected bills no worries about the job not getting done right and they take care of every last detail They drop your blue prints they get the building permits handle all the inspections for him They've got that easy five step approach to total customer satisfaction First they call the schedule a free project evaluation appointment at your home where a project estimator will determine the scope of your addition Secondly, this schedule a bit of home and there can be nature or more you'll get a detailed proposal and it is Sac price for your work third select your finishing touches go to contract fourth They review the Zonarch contextual drugs and fifth use it back and relaxes your dream edition moves ahead on schedule with Unbeatable quality. It's a piece of cake So give strict editions of call at nine five four seven nine one eight one hundred They serve all a brow and south Palm Beach County and we will own a check out their annual pages or maybe not if you don't want to call nine five four seven One eighty one hundred their license they're insured Professionals to care about doing a great job for you be sure and tell that old Neil and George told you to call strictly Editions and PD Lane to mention his name and also Steve M in Davy call nine five four seven nine one Eighty one hundred Too much you're in trouble You Got a great back for you He made a angry it's just a tan Let's give a little light so he can see my dad it's an American bomb It's an American bomb What's up a muscle dumb till he cut for his mom it's an American bomb It's an American bomb To keep your oil warm We're That's what I call like I'm the elevator that day. It's an American bomb Give me a dirty look he said boy you must be in a cloud in a fog 13 till noon at five sixty W to QA And this has been the kind of pleasurable today if you're okay, especially after I get my elbow all straightened out tomorrow Which I don't think it'll get straightened out on one day. They'll probably have to operate you think phone saw Your whole hacksaw when it does cut it out So anyway, I've got a kind of a chuckle out of that fact that we just handed him and it said something about if you blow too much you're in trouble something like that 360 one votes under pull the votes are pouring in today. We got the audio back on your rangers.com Don't panic we appreciate your fanaticism that's great, but just you know don't be played on us Although I guess the fact that they'd belly a broad error extension to it and we got the people's attention down here and the people's I got it fixed right right right I wonder and you think Eric at mixains is one of the people's 360 one votes. So what do you think of what do you like about present and bush the most? Absolutely nothing. He's a disaster 233 64 1.5 percent He's not a flaming liberal 68. He's his handling of the war in terrorism 35 his stuff stand on Iraq only 19 and his handling of the economy six Six people had a good sense of humor said that Here's the fact says all and I see we're trying to get everybody into a little more upbeat mood today This is more like beat up the upbeat I'm so depressed. We look like there's no way to save the world from religious zealotry and ignorance and it's overwhelming What part of the commandment thou shell out killed of the good Christians failed to comprehend also Jesus preached the root of all evils is the love of money You can just insert oil for money because there was no difference However, a feudal it may be Voicing we concerns of the few reasonable people that must be done if nothing else but to prove the positivity They're not everyone was taken in by the last promoted by both sides in this modern version of the crusades We started the dark ages the calls are okay in very small doses his dyslexia It also might enhance the joining of the idiot call is with classical music in the background like the old looney tunes and written Stimpy not not put no music in the back just because this you're like an auto auto Automoton auto matron just in case Says keep up the good work in George is still disgusting But it's so much better than anything else QAM has and an absolute genius compared to Paul and Ron and that other Schmidt know a shit Schmidt whatever Shit Schmidt A good book by the good trend I Such shit yeah, but you got a mouthful of food didn't sound like you said that it sounded like you said something no Said you like you had a mouthful of Schmidt or something like that See I can do that don't be trying to like emulate a little bit too much you know Mass decayed before you immaculate yourself before I right White house staffers gather for Bible study voluntary meetings embrace presidents emphasis on faith Oh, how disgusting in today's USA today by Judy Keen. I'm not too keen on this remember Harvey Keen. Oh Tigers no President Bush Opo talks openly and proudly about his active spiritual faith in another less known side of the religious devotion that permeates the administration Some might house staffers have been meeting weekly at our long prayer and Bible studies said it can't hurt But we got him in that crowd and they're all I can't hurt Bush a organize the although didn't have a workout for Chris Rick's you know, he crossed himself and I was the end of that game Because I'm a Hamid wasn't too happy about it. He was pretty pissed off and fired up. He had a hit up at on the Hurcunes Bush a organize decisions before his or an organization one group meets during lunch hour on two days no-one Thursdays attendance is volunteering although the lessons are are Christian and nature non Christians are welcome Barry Lynn executive director for Americans United for separation of church and states is the courts have not ruled that religious study in public buildings is inherently Unconstitutional if there's equal treatment among people who don't attend There's no pressure then practically it does violate the first amendment. He says we haven't got a single complaint for anyone in the White House Even from that phone. You are our Refleasure the Minister of Information What do you like that five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty? I don't understand We're all the big football fans are done here and then of course between one or three to become mad dog suckin his ass You know Which is fine. I mean he deserves to have his ass suck, but it's just I don't understand you people What does it take to get you whipped up a little bit? I would have thought that this town after this weekend would have been on fire flaming And it's just the same old like kind of deadheads, you know I mean he might be on fire, but you know I got to rock out of back where they might be I mean, but they're not on fire had a backward five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line taken calls today boys and girls W to Q a m Hey, you're doing all right Listen that's that was an interesting We play this week and one of them on that yeah, yeah, okay No, I was at you know something what see when Denver blew the game they were moving the ball like the dolphin defense wasn't even on the field You notice that and they come away from the first half they blew the last field goal because of the penalty on the West the time ran out So and when you only come away from dominating a half with only nine points and the door is wide open You know you're probably gonna lose the game and happens every time Yeah, you get a little discouraged like that's right In the other way absolutely You know, but The hell in there they thought they had to came there at the end of the night. Oh my god The feelers gonna get the chest to come back And then of course when you say when you're out when you saw the ball that pass go through the linebackers hands Number 51 I forget his name when you saw the ball He didn't have to catch it there Except that I had to was knock it down and it just deflected just ever so slightly off his hand and they get to complete on the 35 yard line You knew that the fates were on the dolphin side Yeah, well, you know, it's sometimes it maybe this is this is our year maybe who knows? I think it is I'm not different depending on that Israel Israel you know if Israel knew that Santa was in a biological weapons or capability of any familiar strike You think they would have Wait it for you know No, and the proof of the pudding is when they took out that nuclear reactor in the 80s I always they took a win and doubt they took it right there They don't they away from nobody's for a great They just doing on their own so this is all about oil and other crap that we don't know about oil and votes Yeah, I hope this guy loses in November and then we got his brother in two years. Okay All right Neil and back to it Because you give me up today because that way at times the last force now to read the newspaper Okay Let's see here's the fact this is when you were talking about priest you're might of me as something as everyone forgot about that kid who killed the none in Miami One of they got to expose that bunch of recruiting those boys from the Ukraine. They're not they're not they're not going to expose that They're not going to talk about it. I think already did expose it She didn't like it. That's why he's done. I see She don't want none 567. Oh 560. I don't I say I don't want to start pumping these numbers out again because if I have to go back to that again I'll sit here. I got a million things haven't gotten even close to getting to today and also I was distracted because George's heard me out of that MTV show again And you know what else see these two guys are really nasty Especially that bag right there. I mean that guy whatever he is, huh? Well, he's the the favorite. He's the one that they all like and he's the one that they all like Oh my god, thank god. I bet I side man. Thank god for real nasty I say because that show that preceded us when we're they're all naked in that big rubber raf going to Cuba man faming WQAM Ready road better. WQAM Speaking All right, I haven't mentioned about listen I'm curious how to how you feel about the little thing next in our lady with the Function where pants Okay, right gay It's a bunch of things sexual Feature gay Yeah, that's what I say okay, FM Besides everybody knows that it's Squidward that's gay. I don't I don't watch that crap Of course you don't I'm watching you run to Bowenkel 560 70 560 Pound 560 on it. I see I could have been watching guiding life between 10 and 112 Because now I I've lost track If we had any women listen to not make it a spy report from some lady out there about what happened last the three or four days on guiding life like Wednesday through Friday Because I can't see it anymore You think I'm gonna remember when I'm crawling out of a house at 630 and more and remember to take guiding life to think what I do that. No Very depressing especially since it was getting so tense so heavy duty so climbactic and Ben and I read was running around with his clothes off all the time WQAM Can I speak to the elderly? Speaking Neil. Yes Order a journey about something you were told me about your aerodopal Yeah, I was in the house. It was been about 30 grand thinking of a similar problem Then I called it back to us in Palm Beach and to natural medicine He turned me on to something called black walnuts Black white it's a black walnut extract black nuts They sell it up. They sell it at Help food or don't go to G and see go real health food store right about 10 bucks Hang on and I did it for you first day black walnut Black walnuts extract take four drops. Yeah a little one ounce bottle two ounce bottle Okay, four drops six times a day in a week. Let me know how you feel okay. Thanks. Thanks very much I'm gonna go find me some black nuts today. It's a matter of fact My Your sports radio five sixty two a you a yeah To stay Goldstein, but you can go and eat healthy whenever I'm in town. I listen to man I'm in town. It's the 12th to one hour this fall CBS launches a CSI spin off that resurrects the careers of a couple of former NYPD blue actors to form a hot new show That's almost unique under itself Introducing NYPD CSI blue Miami David Coruso plays a forensic investigator who pokes around at bodies even more dead than his movie career You know you never get used to looking at dead bodies like when I had to look at Dennis fron's and fair And why PD CSI blue Miami with Kim Delaney as his top but vulnerable partnering crime See an investigation every time I look at corpse It reminds me when I lost my NYPD blue husband Jimmy Smith Together honey this is a new show this right in a new town on a new network with all new stars Well sort of NYPD CSI blue Miami on the night sun CBS Covo two at five sixty WCM so girl Carlos who's evidently little off his feet. This is the second time he's done this in Two shows Hey Neil sir if you already have some of these but I've been able to listen to the whole show or if you're planting calls for the So we can set we why house staffers gather for Bible study voluntary meetings. I just got your right net Carlos you a little quizzling you Always used to like him you don't tell like him back and saw him and realize you're right. He's ugly And if that isn't more Exciting enough to get you going we discovered who the Insider is the one that taxes all this cronacrap Even though the previous one was very amusing now we get what it says don't be a pussy knee or read the facts PD Lenny beyond a shadow of a dot is the insider Biggest trouble maker in a building biggest chronic you know if he'd be out selling right now instead of sitting around Steering upon the building or maybe over its defense house smoke in it He could be doing something productive but instead he sits around stirring and stirring and stirring and whipping up all kinds of rumors and crap Because he's a crat this derber and he's very deeply disturbed In fact, you know something if I wouldn't have seen him this morning although Were there any shootings over the weekend? No don't take so no sniper Huh stop and think about it 391 votes on a poll president pushes approval rating is 63% what are you like about him the most? Absolutely nothing he's a disaster 250 64% he's a disaster He's not a flaming liberal 72 18 and a half percent oh I should mention that before because now those people are with rush or bill or Greta His handling of the war terrorism 38 9.7 percent is stuff stand at Iraq 23 5.5 percent and his handling of the economy stupid only eight only eight are a throw-over-the-ways handling the economy You think this hour is gonna be at the end of the calls? How would I turn all the two probably don't look to promising 567.0560 pound five 60 on a AT&T and Verizon world as long 38% of the people on our weekend pool I was started on Friday one of the calls back. They said the total of the show is is it sucks it blows it bites It blows chunks and they want to cause back and I would say so far It's been all right been okay. Not spectacular not simulating not real enthusiastic not just Dynamic not something you could a hey bring in sea span and CNN in here and let them hear these brilliant comments But they've been okay the spares these compared to usual WQAM Speaking yeah, yeah, man trying to recuperate from the regatta on the weekend man that was Yeah, I'll let them say regatta biggest party Yeah, yeah Yeah, I'll drop no to the bar out there. It's slippery for some Georgia like oh, okay good ready hit away a bad time Whoo like I said he's trying to recover from the regatta. We're trying to recover from that call Is Carlos vaccine me more Chris stop vaccine Carlos? Obviously not listen God damn it when you straighten him out I appreciate his enthusiasm and his attempt him does it look like I have any shortage of stuff here that I'm never gonna get to tell you It's a look like I have a shortage of stuff that I could probably go to like seven o'clock with that stuff. No I understand you're trying to be helpful Carlos, but go get a makeover or something and the stuff wasted our time in my fat's paper you little quiz link There's more coming there you idiot WQAM hello WQAM Yeah, this thing this thing ain't working over to twice again. Oh Well, that was in my desperation you're rid of it. WQAM WQAM Okay, like I said You reach the point you say okay, that's it throughout a material three hours after seven months of basically no calls on it showing in three hours the right amount of material And we're back to the same drugs the same Quisling the same simple ones the same people who think they're very amusing You have nothing to say about anything you'd a biggest bunch of losers that ever came down to pike in the history of mankind This is a place man. This is not a place to live. This is a place to to vegetate Vegetate Maybe veggie will call in from Boka because he's the epitome of what this time is all about maybe we'll talk to what's his name in poor saying loosely Greg oh yeah, yeah, that is name Greg Our close personal friend in poor saying loosely Greg and then we'll talk to Gilbert And then the guy with the eyes and then the guy with the out the eyes Mike you're gonna give me a taste notice before you do this right now. We're doing it right now this hour WQAM Get the honey and the guy with a fatty pack WQAM Hey, good morning. Yes, sir. Good afternoon. How you doing? Okay, great to talk to you How you doing? Let me say it again. I'm doing just as great as when I said for a second to go. I'm doing great. I just want to hurt my radio down I just want to mention are you still into the subplanos? Are you still watching as much as you used to? I want to watch it just as much as I used to. Yeah, do you have any idea who you're speaking to? Of course I do me. I'm kidding. Oh Listen thanks for the great call. What just happened there? Do you see that? No, there was just like a little flash. I wanted to lay out maybe it was under bulbs. They boost from his call 567. 560 pound 560 on a 1810 Verizon Wireless line WQAM Yes, sir About who? Arthur Fieleria Yeah, how long you think you'll be out? Who said he's out? Just because he's got a busted thumb call up mad dog. Okay, talk to him on one of them dumb sports shows We're not doing a dumb sports show or even a smart sports show how long do you think he'll be out? He'll be out Is he gonna be out? All I hear what do you think do you think they're gonna how long is it gonna? Yeah, what other who now give is a crap what I think? I don't care how long he's gonna be out Maybe I missed the rest of the season that I don't wish him any bad luck. He's a good Jewish boy from Dartmouth Got big ears big nose. I'll go in. Do you think it's gonna rain tomorrow? Yeah, I don't What about that asteroid when you think it's gonna hit? I know that this child is pretty good from Atlantic City subs Always you see you see that right there is one of the reasons that the sports shows are so stupid in the first place That's one of the main reasons. We side the fact that you know like What's his name ethnic science But that's one of the things well, what do you think what's your take? Me I Know what I take every morning real regular WQAM WQAM Neil I want to thank you for reading the great articles you read You are the voice of reasons. Thank God and People don't know it, but I think we're on the brink of a roll war And I'm stereotyped about it because if we go into Iraq that's gonna be the hotbed It's gonna explode in our face in retaliation could be and I was late that you hung up on a year ago when I said Bush was ringing his hands Gleefully over the 9-11. Okay, great 10 minutes after noon at 5.60 WQAM Let me tell you about dial mat for us. I bring my hands with great joy every time can you ring your hands with great joy? Sure, we're going to come together with Glee and joy and the gaity Every time dial mat Chris around away over to my house because I know I'm gonna have me a great new mattress Every time the old one gets lumpy and bumpy and you're not sleeping at my yalta just pick up the phone Which is the smart thing to do that's why I do it because it's smart not dumb The smart thing. That's why I'm a gilded it then he do it Call me the dial mat Chris at 1-800-MATT E.S. Stop me right in my tracks with that tape be the odds and it works every time And of course they got only the top brands in the world of dial mat Trist they got surdu and see Lee Simmons in King Quill and when you call that toll free number one in him Ridmatrix you pick the day and the two are one of your delivery any day seven days a week That's the way it works and of course they have accepted the way every day prices to so you can't be the price You can't be delivery you can't be the choice of name brand mattresses and on top of all that This that wasn't enough. They give you a 30-day in-home comfort trial to check it out to in your house by sleeping on it and doing whoever you like on it Pick up that thing and call them right now 1-800-MATT RASional Discover why they be the best this is the easiest the smartest way to get you a great name brand mattress and unbeatable price 1-800-MATrix or check them out of the web at matrix.com Yeah, it's that time you really got to clean up the neighborhood. You know what I'm saying? Sure you though you got leaves piling up and sometimes you got some bigger than leaves you got to get rid of That's when you need Surpraddles leave embody banks from the same family that made its name from all in trash rats and stool pigeons all over Jersey Hey, these industrial things bags are sturdy. They hold anything from leaves to live and ain't not for none I'm talking about three lives, you know Best of all Surpraddles leave embody bags in I don't only leave proof they're completely some Well almost they're falling give me that shovel Oh Anyways, like I was saying you had a problem we got a solution Suppranals leave embody bags the bags that'll make yard work around your house. Oh real hit it's getting I'm again It's a cropping team Hey, I'm finishing up the room. It's been here. Okay. It was very good. Thanks, I run Miami dolphin quarterback J. P. Lebroke is right thumb late last night in the game against the number Broncos But still my engine the game's winning drive I'm dolphin spokesman said there was no media estimate how long he'd be out. Well, I wanted Ray Lucas now you get your Ray Lucas And you're gonna be real sorry guys People was injured on the next last rabbit that often 40 24 22 went over to the Broncos on a past your wickie Williams in the flat But I came down on a helmet felt something loose in your feet listen But I was doing it with a grip the ball and throw it he was still able to grip it I'm a final drive after Denver's Jason Mabra to me, but a little bit a completed 17-year past remaining McMichael a 22-year to the Sidrick Ward sitting up a linda marries Cleansing 53 are a few little with six seconds look we'll find out today Meaning Monday meaning today. People said of his status. It's a right thumb fractured down near the joint He's got a fractured in your is joint. How do you like that? So might the outer while looks like You got a fractured near your joint. I think I might you think that's what it is probably well find out tomorrow Maybe chain I can get healed up together. What are you saying go get some good moves go get some good kishki I just saw the moose he was on we said I don't know waitra any day without a shooting is a good day They write them what we say on issue is any day without wolf blitz quick is a good day So get his ass off of there immediately So Jfealer we don't know see if Dave Feele or don't know how to how am I supposed to know this farce is calling up asking me how long Jfealer gonna be out so there's the info for you pali right you like his doctor or something yes WQAM Speaking This is Chris. How are you okay Chris? Hey, you should bring more Howard's neck. He's gay WQAM Well more Thomas does a douchebag WQAM Yes, sir. I want to talk about the dolphin broad guess real quick if I'm ready to take all the time you like Problem I have is I don't know if moose a good play by play guy or not I haven't yes, yes, yes, yes, I was just what I've played by play guys really make it judgment on that But the problem I have is you know what I do it into the dolphins I do it in for the color guy. I'm in German. It's always been the star that's showing my opinion Because you know I'm watching on TV. I'm at the game listening to it on the radio on my headset I know what's happening. I want to know why and I think this year that's been lacked to the why It was getting all the what and then the why we're getting all the what what we're getting all the what you know You just do for both you don't live you know give Jim enough time because he wants to be the center of attraction I understand it when they came up with that cock and me idea of putting Orlando I was a Gary out of sideline and the being a third man in the abroad cast Which would have taken even more time away from the mad dog? Mo was all a favor of that is what I'm hearing that's what I was told on Friday He wants to be the centerpiece man. He wants to be the superstar. He don't want anybody stepping on his parade I don't die into I mean whatever he might be good play by the fact is I just want more I want more color more man dog more man dog and less mo Mo mad dog. Okay. Thank you. I'll pass that along. I'm sure. I have no effect pass that long. Tell Geldie. Okay If you can get his head out of those ass. Well, that was terrible this morning. We just he just left this hang in there between him and the Zack Zack of course was having a big macatak He was probably like sitting there in mourning reconsidering that he gave you that last talk with muffin out of the 15 that he I still have it. There you do you was a little back Looks really chocolatey. There's a really Real sweater with it I should spit on it right now. How big is it? Pretty good. What do you mean you should spit on it? To keep you from getting it. Why wouldn't it would die by a set? I'm not gonna go to meet and she's that fan filled a sandwich The tongue's gonna swell up. You're gonna swallow your tongue. It's already swallowing up not the tongue though I was watching that show before an MTV and that's your phone. It's rolled up a little bit I know it's not easy to tell but believe me. Nobody Q. I am Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah Did you hear about the riot in the end because of Jerry fall off? Yes. I already had that story. I'm taking very much Sir, way ahead of you guys. Okay, head that on over an hour ago Five people died because Jerry fall and then the best part of the deal is they said on 60 minutes last night When Bob Simon came into that follow up a little piece of the other show Yeah, Jerry fall those comedies. He wishes that 60 minutes wouldn't have repeated his quote is not it? Instead of apologizing instead of saying hey, I wish I wouldn't have said that he wishes they wouldn't have broadcast it or even it came out the wrong way What are the disgusting obnoxious fat-faced son of a bitch? That's the best I can say for him. We're a facial putty, but I'm delighted that those facts moved in across the street remember I had that story right there in Virginia where but how it is? Sick disgusting bigoted nasty hateful. So that's what you are Jerry. I hope they catch you with a billy goat WQIM WQIM Who the more the meal or more him? Huh don't start speaking for languages on a show here. I'll believe we're happy you're taking calls again the whole bunch community You say the whole Dutch community. Yeah, by the way, how many of you people are so cheap? Well, I guess I don't know Yeah, I guess comes from the world trying to live up to that Dutch treat crap Yeah, I know We got a why Prince Frank's clouds though the husband of the queen is dead. Why didn't know that? Yeah, he died. Oh, brother. He died. Yeah, he died. Yeah, he could feel it from all of you. Well, everybody probably get drunk Hey, I can see him all sitting out there right by the grasshopper just getting stoned off their ass The boogock probably end the bulldog right And listen, it's good to mix up the show. No, that's okay. Tootsyins three 567. Oh 560 palm 560 got to get back to Amsterdam see this summer That was just bad, you know, it just between the flu and then the other thing that came back and then fallen down It was a couple of stairs which I didn't want to talk about because every time I go over there I fall down people are saying yeah, he's falling out because he's stoned out his ass right Well, they're gonna get her gonna come up with something, you know Because you were chasing some hot young guy Now I keep my balance when I do that now I keep her I'm very good at that That's why I got my new balance shoes as your balance for life balance for life That's right unbalanced for life. So what's that thing look like that brownie? How I mean that I just want to take a look at it. Okay, don't necessarily want to put it in my eye It looks really good like I'm always from the wild being Cafe oh the wild being well of Zack and he that let me ask you my as fat as Zach if I even in his league No, I mean his league no I don't even know if I've ever been his league. He's got a way like about 350 when you think he's a tough man Oh, that I don't want that all right well, maybe a little bit Don't put your tongue on it Jesus Christ now that I know where your tongue has been all man Every nook and cranny every nook and granny Every ass that's ever come down to pike George said hey I like No brother like I said have a good time with I might not cry crap. I'm doing unbalanced for life So I went off a little bit today because I didn't bring anything from my sack because quite frankly try it well W to Q I am Yes, sir What is it Do you have any idea what that was? Oh, Craig number saying what I was hello, why say W to Q I am I now yes, sir Hey, I must disagree with something you said earlier you can't do that And by the way, welcome back to probably a short lived for a phone line Yes, but that last night on Ian during the ball game you didn't hear sides They weren't saying Marae, but everybody is mighty mighty mighty. I think they have to roll the damn Arnold never that's okay because if you want to be out pretend you're like a tadian you want to be a little greasy It's best that we Columbus day coming up today. They were trying to like grease it up a little that's okay Well, I think it drives me nuts and joy until you used to do this seek perfect unbroken English While doing the Marlins games, they like leave on Hernandez with the play. Yeah, but see that that that was his southern California roots See that was his West Coast roots with his Chicano thing Hey, I guess your which his name is Joe on Hill, so he's one of them too, you know On the overnight sports shows was being like ridicule nationwide. It was being ridiculed Well, you know what screw them? Look the greatest sports casters Perry carry Bob Prince on their all home. We're okay We like our homers and our home. I was okay Right, that's right Yes, this weekend was a certainly an exception both in the college and the pro Yeah, and that's why you're the first guy that seems like all a hyped up about it. This audience man in debt is a door now Okay, I thought I was amazed I you know the folks the ringing all day and I was surprised that I'd be able to get in and make Oh, you know even get in on the line no problem And now that they're gonna probably have to play Ray Lucas and they're gonna be saying O. G. We watch a fielder back He was the best man, you know, that's a bunch of phony's Don't get that a little bit too much inflection there. He crushed it He crushed it. It's no good. It's often left a hurricane's win He's terrible man. I don't care what anybody says. I know he's got a lot of boyfriends in his building And it's not personal, but Joe I like to he's a good guy I said that the other day I'll say it again I don't know why I have to keep doing that because there's a difference. I'm trying to put out here There's a difference that with Mo as opposed to with Joe with Mo as business and it's personal because he's a major asshole With no sense of humor with the gigantic big puffed up eagle like a big buffalo-toe man A big big fat eagle. That's mode. That's why I don't want mad dog scene too much owner He must have cracked his panel. They must have had a changes guy then depends a tear to begin there Not because it often pulled it out in a window moderately kicked that great 53-yard feel good because when a mad dog went nuts And I'll say you know we thought that Rick weaver had a big you go with she did But at least he kind of like tried to blend in a little bit with a mad dog See see the difference I want to play that again All right our course he's dead now, but you know now he was okay, Rick. He just he was he was I got along with the fun he was a prick, but yeah, he's he also had a gigantic eagle But the fact of the matter is number one he was he was the greatest broadcaster of the dolphin's out of care What anybody says what he did when our pole except for those phony votes he was he was good He smelled very bad he had very bad personal hygiene It was number two and number three he was just a self self absorption self center But even on a personal level he was a better guy than this guy you could get along with him He had a sense of humor got along with him fine. Yeah, I did too professional right and Even you know I mean what a shock it was when we took our show over there to that station and he had a never any problem with it Even took his commentary out there in the beginning I don't remember when the beginning they had that noon hour loaded up there was Paul Harvey and there and I was I said hey guys Isn't it gonna fly like the second day even Bill wise that Yahoo took all that stuff out there he didn't care But he give it crap So see there is the difference folks between a guy that wants to be the center of attraction all the time and don't want anybody I'll say in five words in a guy who at least in spite of his pain and portion See see on sand that's a team 27 past noon at five 60 WQM if you're overworked underpaid if you're stuck in a crappy that and you have it under appreciated Do yourself a big favor please pick up that phone and call the nice people at fast train at their toll free number 1 866 fast train the demand for certified computer professionals has never been bigger than it is right now and fast Trank it up you achieve a new career in as little as four months Fast train a soft lord is largest certified Microsoft training center with locations in Pembroke Pines for Lauderdale Kendall and Miami Fast train offers convenient day evening we can classes for you too so you can fit into your schedule Fast trains got full time job placement to parlor the over 30 years experience So if you're overworked underpaid Underpaid under appreciated stuck in it and job any of these things are all of the above know wait another moment pick up the phone call fast train 866 fast train just think about it in four short months You can be on your way to becoming a high paid computer professional in career with great earning potential take my advice pick up that phone Call fast train at one eight six six fast train that's one eight six Fast train or check them out of the web if you like it fast train calm be sure and tell them that Todd Directed what did it call because if you do they'll give you the number for Steve M That Yeah Because they lack, are you shabby shoes from the leafs? As the way you wash and pop the whiteies' cars. George, if you were to say he trust you, God will leave you. To tell our allies of the greedy oil world, But then he make you clean all the whiteies' bathroom. The couple seems to toyle it, and then scrub the floor. They tell you, go with sandals, god will leave you. You'll go to go, they'll make them all over the kitchen. You'll not be naked, look you slide, it'll be very cold. If you'll be what you'd be that's open-stool. From the while you'll be stepping back, it'll make me laugh. That's the dream you just lack, your ester room. That's when your head will move from that to that from the leafs. It's just bullshit from it. They be crack-ass old. Well, pretty 4.560 WCM, the mad dog will be here at 1, And then you can call him and tell him, If you want Moa, what is it? Moa, mad and less Moa. And that's what they want? So PR roundfax is me. How come we didn't have any woman call to give me the information? The only woman we had all day was that one that hung up on again, Just like a year ago, it's going to be a song that ends about how bush was rubbing his hands together with Glee after 9-11. That bitch, which goes to show you, but like I've always told it, there's a handful of callers. Look it out out of 2 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 2, Calls are whatever it's been 3 1 1 1 1. Look at how many of these people. I'm not saying they're all bad either, but look at how many of them we know who they are. Follow them saying, oh yeah, know them well. Oh man, including ones that run for like about a half a second. Guiding light, Alan sneaks out of the hospital access to Sponi file saw that. And I changed my mind, John Collins is doing a good job on it show. I hate to tell you that. I know what you hate or like poison that I've just deleted too, but she's an obnoxious bitch and that's what she's playing. She's doing a good job. She's really hard on the eyes. Yeah. And, Alessandra finds Alan at home. Philip is done. May learns Olivia plants the Mary Ellen the hospital. Cassie dreams about Richard who tells her to thank Riva. Cassie paddocks when she receives another black rose. Cassie learns that Olivia spent the money she planned on for using a paying off the mob. Mara Mara moves in with build Ben and Rimi. Rimi? Gus Charm's Alexander. Tony else it didn't promise he worked with doesn't fire or Harley tells Gus that he's part of black. The black mealing ring Gus is furious when he learns Harley pretended to be eaten. It's learned about her press. There you go. That's it. When she was in the flop house there in Chicago. So that's the update. I guess we don't have any women out there listening. Release not they're going to call me certainly. Give me any information. Except that one I want to repeat the same thing I hung up on our a year ago. And I hung up on her again. Nice going Neil. Excellent. Silly bitch. WQAM. WQAM. WQAM. Hey, let's talk to Neil Blief. Speaking. Hey Neil, I worry you. Okay. I'm glad you're taking calls again although I don't have no complaints about that. You're the format. Yeah, well this one was nice too long. I got a couple thoughts about Falwell and the bombing is just in the health where. What? And I'm not a bush report about what a perfect opportunity this is for bush to come out. It's not only distance himself from the walker right wing of the farm. He's going to happen man. Not going to happen. You're dreaming. Not only could he distance himself from Falwell and all of this rhetoric, but he could also use the opportunity to. On the other hand, that's great. You know, why freedom is so great in America. And I'm saying the O.K. I can't stand what you're saying but I'll defend you. Sure. He's not going to come out in the early days. The constituency that put him there in the first place is not going to do that. That's where he's at now. He's he's. He's a little bit blocked in. David by Falwell is so so water. Yeah. You're moving from anything that you can. Well, let me ask you something. Sir, it was aired on 60 minutes a week ago last night. So that's eight days ago now. Have you heard of President say anything to repudiated or rejected? Not a thief. Right. And you won't. The other thought I had is it's too bad. It's the perfect opportunity to demonstrate what freedom in America is all about. Okay. Thank you. You said that about four times. That this guy don't want to get it. He doesn't want to understand it. Sir, you don't want to get it. Freedom used to be about an American. You're living in the past. Sir, it's all I can tell you. You're living in the past. They want to Christianize America. That's what this whole business about religious based charities and all. All of a sudden, bull crap. More tax breaks for the religious right. More opportunity for them to interfere in government. That's that's what it's all about. And that's why these people are having all the rallies and trying to get that's only three weeks from tomorrow. They're going to be the election boys and girls. And these people are out there troops all whipped up into a frenzy again. Because they got the keys to the kingdom now. They're going to run with it. On the road to Armageddon. See, that's another reason it's so pleasant to be in Canada. The radioactive cloud will fall in you just to save. No. Now, we got a block to see in tower. It's going to fall into Lake Ontario. Watch out and Rochester. You're going to be in big trouble. Here's the fact this is I'm scared, Schmittless. Over these cars, that asteroid can't hit soon enough for me. Todd and Holly would say, P.S. the cars eat big Alas. And then he quotes, I'm getting all the what and another why. Moe mad less moe. There you go. That's what we want less moe. In fact, I don't know why you people are such a bunch of pussy's. You're calling me in representative and ask which is okay with me. But the column up tomorrow morning and say, hey, listen, how come you don't want to let the mad dog say nothing? You check to ask right. Why don't you go along there like like Mr. Weaver did okay and be like a team on there. Oh, right. That's the way you do it. Now, now, did you tell that story on the air about why he lost that job at Westwood one allegedly? Of course not. I just found out Friday afternoon. Well, what's the story in a nutshell is that he was at the masters at Atlanta, golf tournament, right. Covering it for Westwood one. This is alleged by the way. This is the story we're hearing in the building. And one of the Westwood one big wigs wanted him to do a little bit of a cross over with someone. Right. And he told the know it wasn't part of this contract and the guy asked him again. Really nice. He said, look, I understand it's not part of your contract, but it would really be nice and helpful. Get a little bit of cross promotion something like that. The story I got and he said, no F that. It's not part of my F in contract and no, no, no, no, no, no. It's not because he's a big shot man and walked off and that was that was the beginning of the end. Ball started rolling right there. Well, how do you like that? I sure comes to the great surprise to me not, but that's just what I heard. And Eagle decides to the inverse again. That's just a ledge. We emphasized that, um,atically, but nevertheless, that's what the rumor is around town. 24, 1 at 5, 60 WQA and we all have different lifestyles. Therefore, need different products to make us feel better and be healthier. All of you might Mediterranean formulas are advanced combinations. The pharmaceutical grade olive oil with vitamins, minerals, or else, and other great nutrients. And I'm scientifically designed to provide natural nutrition solutions to help you support specific health needs. And you can go out there and look for your black nuts or you can try olio-med. Well, now what the guy said, black walnut juice. Look for olio-med's three new formulas, which are sleep, weight management and co-q10. All using the benefits of it. Pharmaceutical grade olive oil, oil, and nuts, and outstanding and exciting and effective new product, which he is available at publics, at Grids and Walgreens. If you'd like to get more information call olio-med at 1-866-Oliomed, that's 1-866-665-366333. And don't forget, you can also order their products online if you'd like it, olio-medamerica.com. And if you visit your nearest publics and purchase an olio-med product in Broward today, county, you'll receive a coupon for a free, Larry Cocoa-Bobblehead dial. All right. Well, supplies last. And don't forget to visit their sampling pavilion at SportsTime every Sunday with the offensive plan home. Pick up free olio-med samples and product information start feeling healthy right now. Get some olio-med and start feeling like a human being. Buy the local V6-665-60. The ring is on your own. QA-N. Rye! Rye! 5-16-W-QA-M. And classic games pointles are saying down with Ricky Williams. And up with Alex. Grubo. Like, like her mom. Like, I won't send it all up. Yeah, all this. Grubo. Rye is for those. Well, squeeze. My ducks have tied up. Well, squeeze. My sport hold bones. Yeah, man. Yeah, squeeze. Oh, then piece of ocean. Oh, then piece. And let go by the heat. Plays hit the doctor's room that you can spray my face. Eat this bird hole in your eyes. Probably claw the heat out. On a roof for his team like a sport, four day day. You want to sport, y'all clean. Clap your arms, your dick. You like metal anger. And smell the sweat. You want their brown hole. Close to your nose. You want us both. Y'all speak. Grab your dick. Spore, hope is one of the people. Ben, Spore, brother, chin. And they could get sweaty, chucks. Be feeling the rest now. And go and let it be. Oh, then piece. The Chicago band. How about the ocean breeze? Oh, no. How about the funnier funters for? Oh, what's the secret? You will be able to get your eyes out. Does it are so mad watching sport bag listeners? What is this? The new little bear-doodle. 560 W2AF. Brow to be your official Elvis Helm. This car box for no headgoater. Yeah, we were in the last time I played that. But I know he's not saying what it sounds like you're saying. But you know what it sounds like he's saying? What? It's Hall 45 at 560 W2QM. Our friend rich factor. Another one out of control. What? These people are something. Look at that. We've got to pay to our friends. He was one of the facts. Joe Angel is Colombia. And that's why he rolls his honor. Says, rich factor. Roll up the rim. Yeah, they got a spot in Canada. They're all rolled the rim to win. But that's Scottish. Scottish, where they have those kills. In fact, that seems to have those guys with the kills in the big socks. It was a Prince What's his name, Charles. Kills and high-slikings that come up to like their crotch up to their Ablack nuts. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon line. 452 votes on that pool. President pushes approval rating is about 63%. What do you like about him the most? Absolutely nothing is a disaster. 208,000. Come on. 285, 62.9%. 63% which leaves 37%. You follow him. You see this? Put this in connection with that pull. We had on Friday and there was a couple of real suspect calls. As transparent as a pain of glass. Oh, yeah. Well, you know, there's all the stuff you know. I really pondress all those articles about Bush and the fashion bush. Now that hockey season started, have we had one call about hockey? Oh, the undefeated ballad. It loses overtime. But the path is with three points to again. No. First not because there ain't no interest. There's no knowledge. There's no interest. There's no nothing. But please, please talk about anything. Don't you go on here and tell the truth. Don't you go on here and like this old, the bush, mysters. Because that's unamerican. And all the gun squeezers too. We never even got to tell those stories today. The snipers. Crazy people with guns, man. And the public, oh, yeah. Well, that's, you know, not going to take away our guns. WQAM. You come for it? WQAM. WQAM. WQAM. Hello, Neil. Yes? Always get there. Here you Neil. Here I am. So what did you talk to you? Did you see those commercials voting on smoking whether to ban smoking in public restaurants? It's like, I don't know that's going to happen here in Florida. In Weston, you can't even smoke in your house. You can't smoke in a boys room. Because I keep on seeing commercials saying, Vogue yes on this number or something about whether to ban smoking in restaurants. I was just wondering if that pertains to South Florida or somewhere else. They're going to, all these anti smoking in these militants are going to do it everywhere. Pretty soon smoking a cigarette will be like smoking a joint in public. You want to go to jail for five to ten? I mean, I have nothing against smoke because I mean I hate to smoke myself. But I mean, when you're in a restaurant and you're enjoying a good meal, the last thing you want to do is smoke smoke when you're enjoying a good state. I like it to go to the car. I mean, it's a bit of a typical, but I think that people with smoke smoke on the, you know, they're that way. That's a bad attitude. There's that way. Yeah, there's nothing more with the actual smoke. People with smoke cigars are gay. No, no. Did you just, you know, that, much more, you know, you know, you're like me. Fuck me, I'm pretty much, you know. You're an exception, you love you. Yeah. And another thing that's pretty good book about, it's called Cuba Confidential. That's a pretty good, uh, objective, uh, unbiased look at the, the hardline make laws and to no cash. Oh god, I don't want to hear about them. Oh, that's one of the reasons I despise being back here is those freaking exos. I saw Rosanna Danon earlier than I wonder, Puk. Actually, I mean, which I'm a pretty young guy and I didn't realize that there actually a lot of hardline exos that were actually put in jail for bombing places. I mean, you know, getting. I mean, well, I totally did not know that. And I, you know, I really don't want to know that Cuban stuff. Something in common with these crazy Palestinian, you know, and actually we do. No, no, but you see, no, but these people weren't suicide bombers. These were people of just the, they were just, they were smarter. There you go. But still, you know, like that, uh, wacko, what was the name Bosch? Well, that's because the Cubans couldn't find seven virgins. Have a great day, pal. You too. See. Five, six, and now how come this thing is acted up again? I don't know. I don't know. I'm ready to take this guy dead. In fact, machine and shrimp can't even know it's mine. I can do whatever I want with it. God, damn it. Christ. I left here in August, I think was working magnificent. Just like, uh, clockwork. So I don't know what you did with it. Yeah, through to the floor. I don't know what Carlos did with it while I was going. God, I wonder. Must have posced it around with a man, Carlos, that the Center of the State, a little by little more slowly, but surely. Like big chunks of paper are coming out, instead of one sheet, then it's two and then it's five. And it's like the, then the whole Reem of paper comes through. There we time a fast print out. Ha, the Reem. When it's out, Reem it out. Now here's one, five, we're going to that. Oh, it's big, Dix halfway in. It's side of Luis, so you, I guess. Well, you know Luis, all those guys, what are your people? They're looking for big Dix, highway in. WQAM. Yeah, sir. The Joseph Gackie, J.P.L.D. People, who'd rather play play? WQAM. Hi, Neil. Yes, man. I just want to talk about some that's really fast in my flat ass. Yes. You mentioned the sniper. Why the media types have to give these people moniker? Have you heard of like a fox? They can, they have to be calling them the, what's the, No, I'm six ten this morning. I heard the taro card sniper. Oh. The beltways, um, killer. Yeah. You know, they have, it's the same thing with the guys that, that kid that was bombing mailboxes and stuff. Right. So they was trying to make the pattern on the map. Mm-hmm. It's like a self-fulfilling thing because they want to have more and more of these copycat can't ask also, they have more to put on the ear. That's good for where they're ratings. Do you like it to help out? That's all I want. Okay. Thanks. Watch out for the, what was the guy, the, and can't California the stronger with L.D. call him? Oh, that Julio. Whatever. Well, I'll come with whatever it holds name was. So they, they call him the, uh, the crazy spick. 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T and Verizon world of slime. We got the mad dog coming along with a clock who's pretty fired up and pissed off. Not only because they feel he's got a broken thing, but also because of the fact he got stepped on there at the end of the game. He's acting a little. Yeah. Yes, me. Him and more having like a little a countertops. Aren't they? No. Thoughts you think that would be great. While getting into a brawl right in the middle of a dolphin broadcast, like trying to grab the microwave for me to run. Yes, my turn. Oh God, damn it. Hi, listen to that. Yeah, yeah, even George Witton and for that. Hey, don't forget to join the overnight guys. You're in Mark tonight for our Monday and football, uh, extra began to nine to 11 of gas bees in Boca. Stop by for prizes and joy specials on Cron Royal. It's the 49ers at Seattle tonight at gas bees in Boca. Kind of an unapatizing matchup, you know it. Maybe they'll show you some good naked pictures of Moses. Hey, you know, there's never been a better time to buy a new home. A refinance of existing home. How about a rate of 3.95% that's correct. Financial group can offer you a non-present and 3.95% by picking up that phone. And calling financial group toll free 1-800-940-L-END. That's 1-800-940-5363. The money you're going to save is on Believele. Think about it. You get yourself 100 grand, uh, for only 450 bucks a month or get 200 grand, for only 950 bucks a month like I said. The process is simple. You'll save thousands of dollars each year. So pick up the phone and call our good piezons at financial group 1-800-940-L-N. There's never been a better time to get you a low interest rate. Confinantial group and you'll be on your way to saving a ton of cash. Financial group is an equal housing lender. Credit restrictions do apply and rates are subject to change. So call right now toll free 1-800-940-L-END. They'll explain it to you how this works. 1-800-940-5363. We're spoils when you're 5-C3. You a-m. I can dirty. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. And that's why I think the jet will have a chip-been chip season. The jet? And where did I tell you? You don't talk to like, say you can talk. This is the beast. I said shut up, fatso. But you're like a father to me. You don't talk to Lam, don't talk to him. When I'm done talking, then you talk. Okay, I'll make me, come here. Come here. I want you to know me, the friend of I. Mr. Golf Club. Why are you all out of here? I've got to show you the business and the mistake coming. This court sentences you to 20 years in hours. Would you invoke? I had to detegue off my mattress. Looks like we'll be your bookmates. The names of our holidays, star-restage screen and paradise. What's your big old me, coffee? You've got so panless. Thank you. Hey, get out of here. So panless. Do you want to make you my woman? Hey, nobody wants to stop. God! God! Who got you? I'm sure. God, we got 10 minutes. Who's to be safe beneath? You're both at. You're mad. We'll load our new in the blau, but at. And so, we're in the blau. Okay. Put them powerously like that. You know who I am? No, can't. And then don't make it up now. I'll be a bloody idiot. All right. I expect a printin' the policy of my customer. That bro, man. A book down there. A book down there. I'll take the front. This is a gift. Yes. Yes. Lord, I'll see you now. Thanks. Well, Mr. David. I'm a woman. Jack, Jack ordered. How can it help you? Well, you see more than. Yeah. I keep getting raped. Two. He's a vatician. Jall, who can do it right away? Thanks, one. It is now drop your pen. I said drop your pen. This is odd. Favours, no come, Jesus. No, no, no, no. Let's rape, old. Read, you big child. I'll ask now. We pass the time away. If the Giogea lost. I'll ask. Prophet V7 at 560 WQMAD Docs, then by Hacobito and Ashada, Chulas' and Seppnoon, with that more five to six. I don't see Patrick Surtan. On the agenda for this week, like I said, he, once you change your name like that, like Tony Dorset becomes Tony Dorset. Once you change the way you would be pronounced in your name, then you get to be too big to be coming in for these hour here and hour there. You know, the kind of rates are playing in this place. Forget about that. Then we got her a cool hotline tonight with a scintillating. Who I'm sure will be like whipped up into a frenzy about that nail biting. Her a cool victory over the seminals on the Saturday. Pretty exciting stuff. All of this crowd dead as the door nail is usual. WQM. Hey, George. Yeah. George, listen to us. A bunch of those are going to start to know how it's less mean to bid until he can get more raise name right. Howard Dovid. Howard, how it's, how it's, how it's a bid. No, dovid. Dovid? Yeah, dovid like Morgan Dovid. See, obviously, I'd go ahead, huh? You don't get it. Morgan Dovid. You get that, don't you? Sure. WQM. WQM. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hi, can I speak for the old? Speak for the old? Yes, sir. Hi, can I speak for the old? Speaking. Hi, Neil. How you doing? Great. Neil. I heard last week you were having problems with your DSL and Vell South and whatnot. Yeah. And somebody had sent you some information on M power. I tell you what, be careful when you change because these companies, they all go through Vell South and we use M power. And anytime we have a problem, they send the Vell South guy out. And usually the right hand doesn't know what the left is doing. Right. It's been a while. I already got that here at QA. I'm so we don't need somebody else who don't know what they're doing. Well, that's great. Neil, I just wanted to warn you. Thanks for the good news. Hey, thanks buddy. So whatever you do, don't call that in Power Guy. He met well, I guess. We think, although you never can be too sure. I call that. You're a good company. It's just a bunch of Belsau, except children. And then, of course, Spirall can't honor a Belsau. He called left a message and you're trying to get back to him. He kind of like a dance around it and didn't bother. Okay. Once we pass the blame off on who was it? Oh, net escape. That's right. There. I'll tell you everybody's having the internet problems. There's something going on. You don't want to get him by panicking or nervous. Something like that. But there's something going on and believe me what I tell you. It ain't good. You have his day when I'm saying. 472 votes on a pool and 63% percent plus a Georgie W. Absolutely nothing. He's a disaster. They can't find nothing like about him. Even in big years. Bye. Bye. If there's a buck, I smell it. Yes.