since South Florida's onlyุonds 2018 I can't wait ya Thank you so much, N His skin is black, snapping and wrapping and talking is black. He gets more booty than the whole rat pack. Raised in a trailer in the motor city, doesn't like moby boy bands or p-d-d-d-d-d And it's no secret, it's easy to see. M-m-m-m, hazes, life and his mommy. M-m-m-m. He's spewing with Christina, agulara, speaking in reals just like yogin-farah. He's hot from New York to Minnesota. Welcome to the Marshall Matters, they're all tattoo wearing. Not some swearing, Hollywood bad boy. When will he sell out how long do you think? Hey, for each one! Insane! Alright. I know to let five, 60, but I sure end the rubbed on us, show enough. I like that, though. You don't like that? Yeah, it was great. I think we're going to. Oh, he's up here. He's up here, digrata. I hope cares about the end, okay? By the way, don't forget, we draw the line at the end. Yeah, that's right. I said that yesterday, sometime during the show during that psychotic rambling, I was going on a butt, and that's going to be the new approach. We'll still play all those book of randvits, including a guilty, what's that one called about his balls? Gildy's balls. We'll play all of those because they're great, but as far as this other crap that's going on, we draw the line at the end, which means as far as I'm concerned, the radio station exists from 9 a.m. to 6 a.m. All of our pyzons, you know, the mad dog and the Humper and Eddie K. And even the big, oh, and my good friend Joseph Gackie, who's got a sense of humor, and Joe and Mark, and who would I leave out? Anybody else? I think that was pretty much it. And that's it. In other words, to make a long story sure, if the other one, the unmentionedable one, he just, he don't exist anymore, my mind, because it's after the last couple of days, what's the point, you know? No more overtures, no more dressing up. No more trying to please grumpy old people. I just, I'm not going to waste life is too short. So that's our motto, I want to show. We draw the line at the end. Yeah, I got it. Got it. Right there down. Mark it down, put it on your forehead, give everybody like your colors. Branded on his ass. We draw the line at the end. Yeah, that's it. Thanks, Robert. See, I knew that would come in handy someday with it, would you? Huh? It was only a matter of time. Good old Robert. I've told him once I've told him. Yeah, I've learned how to speak. Can't do it. By the way, before we start with a regular stuff, and even the pull result, this story from the Brit daily mirror at the risk of getting a little bit too newsy already. George, a war, whatever, Bush AIDS is inspections or not will attack. In other words, they're actually so brazen now. They're coming right out and saying all of this, uh, posturing now and sending Hans Blix in there and all these inspectors. This is just the dog and pony show as they've predied to the fact we're going in, with the elected or not. George Bush's top security advisor last night admitted the US would attack Iraq even if you went inspectors fail the fine weapons. Dr. Richard Pearl stunned MPs by insisting a clean bill of health for, from UNC weapons inspector Hans Blix would not hold America's war machine. Evidence from one witness on Saddam Hussein's weapons program will be enough to trigger a fresh military onslaught from one witness he told on all party meeting on global security. Former Defense Minister and Labour backbench, your Peter Kilfewel said, America's dupping the world into believing it supports these inspections, President Bush intends to go to war even if inspectors find nothing. This makes a mockery of the whole process and exposes America's real determination to bomb Iraq. Dr. Pearl told MPs, I can't see how Hans Blix can stay more than he can know all he can know is the result of his own investigations. And that does not prove Saddam doesn't have weapons of mass destruction and otherwise just because we don't find him, don't mean to get it doesn't have him, which of course is true. The chairman of America's Defense Policy Board said, suppose we were able to find someone who's been involved in the development of weapons and he says there are stores of nerve agents, but you can't find them because they're so well hidden. Do you actually have to take possession of the nerve agents to convince? We're not dealing with a situation where you can expect cooperation. Mr. Kilfewel said MPs would be horrified at the admission, he added because Saddam and so hated in Iraq would be easy to find anyone someone to say they wouldn't as weapons building. Pearl says Americans would be satisfied with such claims, even if no real evidence was produced. That's a terrifying prospect, Kilfewel, be saying, how do you like that? So they're now starting to admit it. That's how brazen they are. Pick up my national post this morning, which is really crappy newspaper. And on the front page is a picture, well you talk about a great match. There is El Presidente, there is George W. on the right, and there's Froggy, John Krichen on the left, and they're like, they're like, and how can they be like, what's in that one glass? They're clinking champagne glasses. Sider. Yeah. Oh my god, I sure hope it's not that Dickens sider. But anyway, the headlines says Canadian officials called Bush Moron tell you, has divided out of defense debate. How do you like that? We'll get to that eventually. I just thought you might be interested in the fact that Richard Pearl has not come out and saying, this is all just a dog and Tony show. And if we can find anybody, some schlepper out in the middle of the desert to say, he saw this, he saw that, that's it, that's all we need. I mean, anybody knows that, anybody with a brain larger than their thumbnail knows that. This is just all posturing. By the way, 54 and sunny yesterday, and it's going to be partly sunny in 52 today. How do you like that? Oh, are you amazed? I'm a spusty. In fact, yesterday, if I could package lots much warmer than usually this time of the year. For example, the maras going to be only 34 for the high up here. But yesterday, if you could package one day, bright sunshine, not a cloud in the sky, 54 a little chill in the air, but just, I mean, magnificent. 900 four votes on yesterday's poll, and I apologize for real crappy poll. They can't be great every day, okay? They can't be award winning polls every day. Which group has made the most progress in US and the past 100 years? And you people at the Palm Beach post, it would probably be a pretty good idea. If you want to take a poll, I'd silly ask golf, Augustus, Dijk thing. Don't put it in the sports pages because women don't read the sports section. So needless to say overwhelmingly, because men hate women, which were finding out more and more every day, men hate women. They want to use them and abuse them and screw them and whatever world. And that's it. They hate women. They don't want to be around women. Except one they're in a mood. Dinner time in bedtime. Which group has made the most progress the past 100 years? Women 284. So what are you Dijk's belly again about? I think the whole thing is amusing. The fact that there's so many people whipped up into a frenzy about golf. Ha ha ha ha. Oh, blacks 266. Now let's see, women got their right to vote in 1920. And I'm a little bit fuzzy on this. Because first they had the black school vote because they didn't own property. Right. That goes back before the Civil War. Was that a wonder that change? I don't know. Ah. When did blacks get their right to vote? I'm sure before women. Yes, oh definitely. Because women didn't get the right to vote till 1920. Right. So women 24. You come a long way, baby. But we still hate your guts as the message. Black 266, Jews 106, Hispanics 96, Gaze 86. We still have a long way to go and Catholics on a bottom 66. Even though we had we have an other Jewish president or that we know a gay president, at least not out of the closet. Who's the one that they're always speculating was gay was the Franklin Pierce or James of U.K. And one of those. Yeah, they, I mean it was a pack of you, can it? Catholics only 66. So they got a long way to go and spend a JFK. Al Smith, 1928. Got beat by Hoover because Al Smith was Catholic. Did you know that? I had no idea. Well, now you know that. That's the main reason he heard Hoover were a one at election. Because Al Smith was the first. I think he was the first Catholic ever to be nominated by one of the two major parties. Got his ass whipped. But then JFK came along in 1960 and with a help of daddy and a couple of fixed uh thing, a little fixed with Dick Thaley and Chicago and a fixed in the primaries. Uh, we got JFK in there. That great. And like they say, pay back his abition or write about that. Do you think we ought to take the first call right now from Boko? Sure. Because we don't want to do the tone set at a time when we're not really prepared. When we're off balance. Here's Boko, hello. Yeah. Yes, sir. Yes, listen, long time this and this. And um, I was going to make a comment. Last night, I was watching the Donnie. You shot a little of your call. I saw I'm sorry, son, that that was quite a show. Let me tell you something about Tony. I know good show. George over the summer did a wonderful job. You know, he spoke about the church and everything else. It is unbelievable how these Christian coalition supporters. Yeah. They want to control everything. If it was up to them like you said before, I think there'll be no electric. That's right. That's right. And you'd be you'd be goose stepping in line, maybe you'd be doing everything they tended to or else. On something because I cannot believe that in the state of Alabama, that there would actually put a big I asked about the ones they called it. But it was, it had the commandment. The best line in the whole, the best line on the show is when Phil said that if America could vote on segregation, they would pass it. Yeah. And then he's right. He's absolutely right. I'm telling you, it's just I just have to call. I mean, it's just I just wish it's if we have a, if we have a, if we have a few. We have America's more aware. Yeah. Well, all of all, all of them and how some of these groups, now they've come to the public to brainwash them to the God squad out there is, we're outnumbered man. They're all brainwashed. And then they got him. I was the same. He was on the screen, the TV screen. Follow. He was on Chris Matthews. And he said that he did not believe that the Palestinians should even have a state. He doesn't believe in the power of the Indian state. I mean, this is just unbelievable. To follow you, talk about, okay, got around power. Have a great day and calm down. He's a little bit too whipped up, you know. Jerry Falwell has all over the place because like you told me before to show the reason they put them on, it's because everybody hates him. Right. That is fat. And he's fat and just like all these other rattle rouses like Ferrican and Al Sharpton, Jesse Jackson rattle rouses. The media loves to put them on there. But if Phil would have been doing shows like that one and the one he did with Michael Morphe, we'd still go if we didn't have a lot more thought of that. He would have been still on the air a couple of months, but he won't be. What a shame. That was a damn good jump. Red, is that amazing right over the box? Somebody else saw that show? I can't believe that. Uncellisted in no less. Yeah, and now what else, Barry Lin was on there for Americans, United for Separation and Church in state? I thought he was kind of, I mean, and I thought he was a little on a week side. And then they had a rabbit, I mean, just a rabbit right-wing bitch about the God squad. Then they had the kid with all that I told you about. They had the the the Merrill and Manson outfit on. I guess the best way to describe what the painted fingernail and the elisp. I hope that whole bit. But he had like one successful battle in his high school to get that under. They all the good God stuff out of the mandatory crap. We used to have to do that in high school and I just frost my ass. Why isn't that supposedly, and again, underlines supposedly tolerant people, refused to understand that you just don't do that. You don't put people in a public sitting where public dollars are involved. And you require them, you force them to bathe a bunch of religious words. In Jesus' name, I'm sitting there mumbling, is that every guy they have assembly in our school, okay? What kind of crap is that? And now religiously there's demand fuel-efficient cars. That's the best one. We'll get to that in a moment. In fact, our poll is about that today. You think Jesus is going to like come and drive it into town? Oh, sure, I think he wants to make a splash. I'll tell you right now what I'm going to vote for. He's coming in a nice shiny Corvette. Not a brand new one, like in a stingray, you know, a recondition stingray, like with a paint job. Just like a cherry, cherry red, red cherry. Can't you see that? It would look lovely. Oh, and then a convertible no less. Oh, it's a pretty stingray. They make them in convertible. Can the apple red? Oh, man, I can see that now. Jesus coming back and out. Parking that right in front of the radio station and putting his sandals up there on the edge of the um... I can see it. Jesus Christ. Right. And let's just like him to me. What teams he playing for this week? 913 at 560 WQM on a great Thursday. You know, everybody needs something different to help them get healthy. And there's a great new product and just about everybody. All the old men. We've been talking about it until I'm blue and the face. Get some. All the old men that are turning in formulas are advanced combinations. A pharmaceutical rate, olive oil combined with all kinds of good things. Fidemans, minerals, urbles, all of these things that other nutrients are in there. Scientificly designed to provide natural nutrition solutions to help you support specific health needs. Look for all the omits. Three great new formulas. They have one to help you sleep. One to help you control your weight. By the way, four pounds on atkins in two days. And co-q10, which is great for your heart. All of you using the benefits of the best olive oil you'll find any place. All of you might's an outstanding product and speaking of places you can pick some up all over town at your public's records and well-green stores. For more information about Olimit what it does for you and where you can stick it called tool-free, 1-866 Oliomit. That's 1-866-6536633 and you can order their products online at Oliomitamerica.com. If you visit New Year's Publix and vinyl-o-ligmed product and data-broward, you can get you a coupon for a free Larry Coco Bobblehead doll that's lost supplies last. And don't forget to visit their sampling committee in its sports town every Sunday when those red hot dolphins are playing home games. One in a row. Pick up free Oliomit samples and product information and pop some in your post today. I know that the Lord even loves Neorodress. He's a man from the land of KELOLAND SINGER to Ophel. It did it come dead, it'll be stuck. He's good. He's good. He's good. He's good. He's good. He's just water into one. The next thing I knew we had a lemon on his feet sing and to Ophel. It did it come dead, it'll be. I'm not gonna sing it and the dumb I'm gonna scream to Ophel. It did it, dumb did it, it'll be locked on. Walk down to my dog. My dog walk down to my dog. Then he killed a leper source. Whoa, whoa, whoa, some say he's the son of God. Yes, they do, but there's other people who get so out. But now he's the reason that we haven't East the day sing. To Ophel, it did it, dumb did it, and he's the reason that all the Christians pray sing. To Ophel, it did it, dumb did it, they praise him. Praise him, kneel down, kneel down. Praise him, kneel down the man in order of 40 crown. To Ophel, it did it, dumb did it, dumb did it, dumb. To Ophel, it did it, dumb, he's the reason that all the Christians pray. My 20 and 5, 60, WQM, almost Thanksgiving, maybe a week of the day, a week ahead. And a week from the day? Yes. And then pretty soon we got Chinooka and Christmas coming up and New Year's. Little something for everybody in there for the Jews, the Goiim. Of course we got Ramadan, is Ramadan still going on for the Muslims, right, and that January or something? No, Ramadan's going on right now. You've had to get, was it, Mr. Yusuf? You should have known your Muslim. Your Islam, whatever the hell that is. I love this story that you've facts me, but I already seen it, and I didn't end up down because it's too long by, I actually may get to it eventually. Yeah, Washington, DC woman, believe to be dead, was placed in a body bag by a team from the DC medical examiner's office, taken to the Morgan, put in a refrigerated box and until an investigator was called, officially declared dead, found up pulse. Zebra Wilson 49 was found Friday morning in her bedroom at the Museum Square apartments, 401k north, uh, street north was, apparently suffering from cardiac arrest. But what happened between the 9, 11, calling for hours later when she was finally pronounced at Remainson dispute, and just to go on later, it says when the body was removed from the bed, she's side and moaned the source said, the supervisor from the medical examiner's office heard the noises and said, oh, it's just aspirations, no big deal. So we bagged her up and came back with her, it bothers me because the woman may have been alive when we put her into the amplastic bag, I don't want to feel like I had any partner death he'd be saying. Yeah, they put her in a refrigerated box. Yeah, I'm sure that Ted Williams of Finger too, not just a head, but the whole antibody, she was just chilling. They put in the head and everything and now she's dead. How do you like that? She'd be chilling, is that what you'd be saying? Surprised that it hadn't happened down here. Yeah, for a little dillin. Religious leaders demand fuel-efficient cars as the religious nuts again are, well, well, well, like that, don't forget all your young people out there, religious people are the crazy people and the more religious they are, the crazier they are and the more dangerous they are. A group of religious leaders came to Detroit, Motor City yesterday with a proposition for US automakers, start producing vehicles that are kind of to God's creation and we will urge the faithful to buy them. Oh, I hate to break the news. The folks market down 1922 on November 21st, 2002 America's lost. You've lost it. It's been completely taken over. The coup has been completed. Am I right? Oh, no question. There, there's no hope any mole, baby. The delegation was included represented as a variety of Jewish and Christian organizations, members with executives and top officials at Ford Motor Company General Motors and United other workers. Earlier the group introduced a what would Jesus drive TV at campaign which is going to be our poll today, sponsored by the Pennsylvania-based evangelical environmental network which I didn't even know there was one. I'm 30 yet. We already learned something very depressing. The ad to begin airing in limited markets next month is too many vehicles are polluting and then asks, so if we love our neighbor and we cherish God's creation, maybe we should ask, what would Jesus drive? Now can I interrupt this story by just asking, aren't these the same people that always vote for those right wingers who would do everything they can to pollute the environment? Right, but this might be a different group. Those oil grabbing, know it is not. Well, Jerry Falwell is a get him. Oh, he is. Yeah, that's right. He said he should come back in a big limo. He said he'd rather big gas guzzler. So this is a good thing. Well, he's an asshole. Okay. Something. You represented as of GM and Ford said they look forward to a dialogue with the interface climate energy campaigns leaders to explain advances and challenges near for to improve vehicle fuel efficiency. The religious groups which include the Korean press veterans, the United Synagogue of Conservative Judaism, the Men and I church are promoting hybrid and fuel uh, cell vehicles as well as other fuel saving technologies framing their arguments in both no moral and economic terms. If you and the American out of industry manufacture market more clean cars, we and the American religious community will not only tell our people about it, but will have prepared them to embrace such a change, said David Sapper's theme, directly religious action center reformed Judaism in Washington. Oh, I can't ping me to say the effort is not aimed at any specific products and no boycotts are planned. Ah, GM said it's committed hundreds of millions of dollars to develop non-polluting hydrogen fuel cell vehicles and hopes to have a significant number on the road by decades in. Every major automaker is working on some sort of fuel cell vehicle, but considerable challenges such as costly ahead. Not for my son, all that oil we're going to have from Iraq that we're going to have to use up. Many vans, SUVs and pickup trucks accounted for half the new vehicle sold in the West last year. The average fuel economy for all 2003 model cars and passenger trucks dropped to 20.8 miles of gallon. And I'll tell you I get a hell of about better net in my corvettes. As many as 100,000 corporations in Sydney, Arizona, should be contacted about the cost and more notifications by lettering email are planned so the Reverend Bob Edgar, General Secretary of the New York-based National Council of Churches of Christ USA. How do you like that, huh? You can serve that fuel for Jesus driving a smaller car or compact car for Jesus. Carpool for Jesus. How does it sound, huh? Sounds good to me. I got the nice ring to it. Do some walking for Jesus. Park it on the side of the road. On the water? Now here's what the appell is today. What would Jesus drive? If Jesus came back to work, what kind of vehicle would he drive? I got eight choices under. Do you think it's enough? Sure. Well, you didn't think it's enough. We're not going to get specific like what he'd be driving like a Toyota, a Celica or Super or whatever. SUV. God forbid. Corvette. All right. He'd ride a camel. Cadillac for old Jews. Now, of course, Jesus was Jewish and by now he's pretty damn old. I would assume, you know, like a couple thousand years old. Right. So Cadillac, because that would let the old Jew canoe. Humvee, which is almost like riding a tank. You know, which might not have had idea. He should have thought about that a long time ago. Sub-pack compact car to save gas. Who's Jesus or motorcycle? Those are the choices. SUV, Corvette, he'd ride a camel. Cadillac, Roll Jews. Humvee, sub-compaq car to save gas. Who's Jesus and motorcycle? Those are your. I think it's close a little bit better than what we had yesterday. If you asked me, which isn't saying much. Pretty weak pull yesterday. It didn't say enough. It was too non-specific. It was all over the place. I don't like that. I like having a pull where you can put your thumb right on it. 926-560 WQA. There's never been a better time to buy you a new home or refinance you're resisting home than right this moment as I speak. How about this rate? How about 3.95% sounds pretty good? That's correct. Financial group can offer you an unprecedented 3.95% all you have to do is call them. Enough that you have to do is call them. And that's how it works. Confinantial group with their toll free number. 1-800-940-LEND. That's 1-800-940-5363. The money you're going to save is... Unmalatable. You can get $100,000 loan from the front. I was going to actually save. You can get $100,000 loan from the $450,000 or $200,000 loan from the $250,000 that's all you pay. The process is simple and you're going to save yourself thousands and thousands and billions of dollars each year. So call our good friends at financial group at 1-800-940-LAND and you'll be amazed at how much you can save. There's never been a better time to get you a low interest rate. So call financial group right now. You'll be on your way to big savings. Financial group is an equal housing lender. Credit restrictions do apply and rates are subject to change if you wait too long. So call them right now. 1-800-940-LEND. Tell them all the authority call. 1-800-940-5363. 1-800-940-5363. We're supposed to be a 5-6-1-800-LAND. You a-yeah. Oh, yeah. She just crashed for extra strength, Dex-Edron. When you're getting crucified, the last thing you need is headache. There's so much pressure hanging around with the whole world since weighing under shoulders and the f*** gladiator sticks this fear in your sight. Yeah! Jesus Christ that hurts. So in this thorny crown feels like a vice around my head. That's when I reach predicts, Edron. Well, I am. I don't reach forward. Hey! Anybody got any dex-edron? Hey, Jonas! Could you throw a couple into my mouth? Come on! I'm the savior for Christ's sake! Extra strength, Dex-Edron. Because the headache is a heavy cross to bear. It is 931-560. I've made your programming news for Thanksgiving Day, a week from today. Does Carlos know who's going to be filling in? I don't know. Does Carlos work on that day? I assume you are, aren't you? Yeah, I thought it was going to be the tapes. Not going to be so this is a surprise to Carlos and the audience. The beast! I love him, Nas. We'll be doing a show next Thursday. They call nasty a stay. Ask me he was sitting right there on Clarence's left, by the way. I'm not sure if he's going to be walking too good for a few days. The beast was sitting there right on his ass and like, you know what you think? Tapes are the beast, tapes are the beast. You know what I feel about those best-of tapes. That's only one day anyway. Anybody with life on Thanksgiving Day shouldn't be listening to some stupid-ass radio shows. You gotta, oh, please. Well, I am now. That I know that. In addition to which I think we got football or something starting at noon, so it's going to be in abbreviated show. You are what? You're going to be listening to the beast. Well, it wasn't going to be listening to the football, but now that I know there's going to be an exciting live program on. But I thought he was unprofessional. That's not what I said. Oh. Don't start again. The line draws up. We draw it nine. You started it. Now let's see. I'm voting for Corvette. I make no. Usually I don't tell you about off the bat when I'm voting on the pole because I don't want to like tilt it. There's my vote just popped up there. Would you vote yet? No. I'm voting right now. Poll is up there. If Jesus comes back, what kind of vehicle would he be driving? Okay. Let's say, I mean, this thing would have religious nuts. It's just not a control. I will say this for anybody else that may have seen Donahue, or even if you didn't last night. Very Lynn, who I thought was a little on a weak side, who's this Americans for separation and church and state, he comes up with his line about why, you know, there's a, there are more religionists. More religious people in the West, any other country in the world. I guess the way he was putting it. So he had the point he was trying to make was that there's all these religious freedoms and you can practice your religion and church and temple and the mosque. Get your home and your backyard and the toilet where we want to. But see, I wouldn't be bragging about that very, because like that kid with the, uh, Maryland Manson outfit, uh, the audience said, and I noticed they ignored him real quick. It was the religious nuts that were behind 9-11 and it started all this crap. It's the religious, it's all in the Bible, all through the Bible and they just kept rolling long, even fill, you know. Phil was worried about what he's going to do after December when it gets canned. See, once in a great while Donahue's old brilliance shines through it comes back, you know, but not often enough. And of course you got, you got all of these people did heed up the non-right wingers. Those, those people most of them over the age of 100 anyway. Go watch these kinds of shows. So you've got CNN and SMBC, uh, and then whatever else the regular programming, entertainment stuff that's on and sports. And then you got all of the right wingers gathered around there with the, uh, the, uh, the factor and all of the crap on Fox. They have a captive audience that's growing by the minute I should point out to you. America is lost. I don't want to be the bearer of bad tidings to you, especially a week before Thanksgiving, but America's lost. You guys have had it. You know what I said, you guys? I know. Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty pound, five, sixty on the AT&T and Verizon line. How's it going, eh? Huh? Well, I see that picture of John Critchin and, uh, George W. And I realize that Critchin is actually like a little bit on the brighter side. It's really scary. It's making a scary Queen Latif or Weston D.Y. George, see that? No. Yeah. What great news? How could you be saying that? Are you starting again? Can't stand it. Yeah. This is the great facts. Nice going, John. No, I like that. This is cute. Well, what Jesus drive a Christ lurk. Of course he would. Oh, oh. I love that. Jesus Christ lurk. Oh, I think I saw that on C.A.M. yesterday. Some little kids sent that in. But Sean probably ripped it off, but that's good anyway. Sean, thank you. I think he stole that. Then you see that under yesterday? No. But I would have forgotten all about that if Sean would have mind us. So thanks anyway, Sean, you're okay. He would have been driving a Critch lurk. That's very cute. He'd be driving a candy apple red corvette, baby convertible. Make no mistake about it. Trust me what I tell you. Oh, there's the votes coming. Who's Jesus ate? Oh, oh. This poll today is going to put yesterday's to shame. I can smell it. Can you smell it? Oh, man. Who's Jesus ate? Motorcycle six. What was that thing? Was that a bit that somebody did years ago? Jesus is coming back on a motorcycle? I don't know. You mentioned that. I don't know. You've never heard that before, except from me, I guess. I guess it's before your time. Maybe some old Tom, my earthing. Anyway, he'd ride a camel five, which is better than smoking one by the way. Don't you be smoking him? Faggot saw you kids out there. As you, as Don Cherry would say, oh, you kids out there. And boys, is that getting stale? Oh, it's getting almost as old as he is. As you be three, Cadillac world Jews three, come be to subcompact car to save gas to and Corvette two. So only two people say, be driving a car to save gas. So if that's the case, he can look camel is the most gas-efficient of the month. How do you know? Do you ever sniff a camel gas? Oh, good point. I don't think you'd get over the hump. Good, God. Can you imagine camel droppings? I guess camel's probably due like horses. You know, is there? I don't can't think of too many other animals. Poor like an animals that. Poor as they're walking, as they're moving. Oh, how many of you observed? Well, dogs don't do that. No, no, no, let's say, uh, I'm not going to walk. I'm not going to walk. Right. Let's think I'd love to have the very trots. No, seriously, think of any other four like do mice? Oh, no, why don't know. I don't know. What about any other four like animals? You think that a lion is dumping as it's walking? I don't think so. I think it stops and takes a very deliberate, you know, posture. And like when a dad cramps it out, I really wouldn't know. Wow, but stop and think about that. Now horses, you are aware of this aren't you? Of course I am. Ever been to the race track and that's always warm to very embarrassing things. Nobody, everybody can like, titters, you know. Oh, the eight horse just cracked his brains out. Don't bet on him. Let's put many an hour on a horse. I know all about it. Do you really? Matter of fact, you can, you can tell when they're getting ready to because they change their, their gate. Do they really? Oh, yeah. Uh-huh. And they list their tail. Yeah, they list their, they list their tail. When horses are warming up and you see them like, and makes you wonder, what those guys shouldn't be behind there, you know? A lot of them like to stop actually. What would Lou Williams think? I don't want to stare with those harness racing names again. We'll get Dickens Steve all fired up there again at Pompado Park, WCN and more of these wild shirts. Can I get back to poor Queen Latif again? Oh, to be honest, we got sidetracked with harness racing and horse crap. Hip hop star and actress Queen Latif has been part of Wednesday and jail after being charged with driving out of the influence in an early morning traffic style. Latif, who's real name is Dana Owens, was pulled over by officers in LA at about 15am, so an officer Alex Delgadillo of the California Highway Patrol. He said she was driving a 2003 Cadillac escalate north of Adagre, Jesus would like that. North on US 101 when she deserves their making and unsafe lane change, several field sobriety tests were conducted in the performer's arrest and taken a jail. She didn't resist arrest in any way was cooperative with the resting officers Delgadillo said, she posted a $2,500 bail was released from custody with a December 12 court date. Latif at 32 BC the 1994 Grammy for Best Rap Solo Performance for Unity, she's also started TV show such as Living Single, a period in movies such as Living Out Loud and Brown Sugar. There was a movie Brown Sugar? Okay, now that they used the Skone Song as the theme. Oh, I said, in case you obviously she didn't know there was such a movie, we will have to fight all these things out. Just like about when I was asking about when did Blacks get the right to vote? 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Here's Miami, hello. Neil, yes sir. Good morning. When is the S? I was a weather. It's not bad going to be in a 50s again today. Oh, that's great. I opened up my Miami Air this morning and now in the metro section. Yeah. Two opponents of gay rights named as school diversity board. Right? Oh. The first person is Margaret Hoss that are a baby real estate agent. The next person is your first real friend. Not Mr. Eagle. Steve Kane. Oh. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Now I know this has got to be in the set no to. Okay, and the second thing, Jim Defeat. Jim Defeat. Yeah, he put an article in the paper about that, Riley, and that Mickey Erison. Yeah. You ought to read how he ripped them. Okay. I saw it, but it was about Pat Riley so I didn't bother reading it, but in case if it's that could, I'll take a look at it. Oh, it is fine. I'm gonna hook in it. He swarled him. Well, you're going back to what I just said before. Steve Kane on the, what is it again? Not on the school board on the what? He's on the university board. Diversity board. Oh, brother. Yeah. Got to hell in a hand, Vasuke, baby. Everybody's having heart attack. I grabbed my passport right now if I be you. I would do. Okay, I'll see you at the aborter. You have a good day. Okay, patrol. Can you believe that? Just tell me what your problem is. A man who's a refurbished is created by talking away. Handful of old, the homophobic fart so you could fit into a broom closet. A man whose whole life has become professional rampant homophobia. And that's what he lives for. That's his whole thing, including his little core of sicker fanzards around him. Shocking. So like I said, unfortunately, that's the bad news because everybody else has been sleeping. And like sitting back, they've made liberal into a dirty word. Nobody else just sits back and lets these people run rough shot over the constitution. Everybody's liberties. And over everything. While everybody else is snoozing. That's right. You're snoozing in your loser America. I've paid it right now. It's just like these poles, you know, these right wingers. They freaked this pole. They load up on this pole. What's the last time you ever saw our liberals do that? Maybe once in a blue moon we've seen that, but very, very rarely. Because the right wingers are motivated. They're getting the done, baby. They're getting it just like the election. They got it done. Because everybody else is sitting back. Well, who the hell cares what can we do? I guess you can pray a lot. Okay. It's safe to pray. 1941 is 560 WQAM. Oh, Victoria's Secret on TV, SoftPorn. Question Mark, we'll get to that. They're starting with that crap again, you know? Because the religion is starting to control America. Pretty soon, not Roy, would you be able to have, not have sex, but you ain't able to think about it unless it's to make babies. Thanks, given it's coming a week from today. It's amazing. Everybody's going to be flocking home to be together again. Gather around the table with delicious homemade food and family traditions. After all, it's not the turkey that makes the meal special. It's the people. Getting ready for unreduced can be a real pain in the ass, especially if they're staying overnight. If you're having a household list Thanksgiving, let our friends at Donald mantras make you holiday preparations a little bit easier. Now's the time to call them toll free at 1-800 mantras and get the new app for the house guests get there. If they already told you that they're coming, even if you don't hear from them to tell the night before. Donald mantras can still delivery top quality, Seagully, service him as a king, or mattress the very same day you be calling them. I've been sleeping on a dial of mantras for years for a coupons age, and I guarantee they are the best all the way around for comfort, for price, and for delivery, which is unbeatable. Call Donald mantras right now at 1-800 mantras and talk turkey with the bed and consultant that choose from the very best mattresses at even better prices. So rest easy this Thanksgiving, knowing that everybody in the house is resting comfortably even the mice. Get ready for the holidays by calling 1-800 mantras. That's 1-800 MATT-RES, tell them that old Neil Pertidae call and be sure to tell them fat boy mentioned his name a couple of times too, they'll laugh their ass off. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras brand name beds, saying they service column now be sleeping like a baby tonight. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. Welcome back to the particular model of the model of the model, how are they doing? 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RES for a dial of mantras. 1-800 MATT-RESnt or just think it's too muchtracking off there. 0-ADE 1-800 MATT! 2-C up-and-us, septus! 1-NEXT! 1-800 MATT-RES Marketing starting now in May! 2-S We're living in our full-booting butts that were driving ahead of Romand nuts. He got more than any cornerstone, all I still see doing is all that's gone. Aaron must be tired and the fella bring a call for days. No! No! It would not surprise me if that thing comes to right off. He was doing every lady with a heartbeat, touching a mall from head to feet. Better than the last guy that's no doubt if you want to win his love, he just put out. Aaron must be tired and the fella bring a call for days. No! No! Yes, but not surprised me if that thing comes to right off. I like it in here. It's fun. I like to stay like another six years or so. Aaron's got a fat smile. That's great. That's great. That's great. Aaron's got a fat smile. Night of tacky TV ends with marriage proposal it says. Broke got a broken heart for Haling got engaged in the final showdown of the hit romance reality series. The bachelor, you see that? No, is there a lie? Dropping to one knee, Aaron Burgy put the ring on Helen, Helen, a sticker which is finger of the ABC shows closing moments last night. Would you marry me he is? Yes, I will she replied without a doubt. I'm reloading forward to sharing my life with you said Burgy a 20 year old banker from Springfield, Missouri. The proposal on the two-hour finale concluded Burgy's eight-day episode is eight-episode Odyssey test driving would be partners while the audience eagerly looked on. Test driving. In other words, try and amount right. Though blasted by critics is a glorified escort service, the series generated buzz and one viewers 16.7 million last week enough to put a dent and B.C.'s hit drama the West Wing. But many bachelor fans approached the finale wondering whether there'd even be a bride. In the first edition of the show last spring, Harvard educated management consultant Alex Michael picked his favorite bachelor bed, but held onto the ring in his bachelor's standing. Fewers didn't have to worry, Burgy not only popped the question, but also paid for the ring himself read them up to shows producers by and from all we're here and he's loaded anyway, right? Yeah. By then, Burgy's runner-up candidate for wife had been sent packing. It breaks my heart tattooed as Burgy hit told Burk Smith a moment earlier. It's fine, Smith said, brave it and broke up in the limousine as it wished her away. Why didn't he know I was the one for him? She is. She broke up in the limo. It was a battle to the finish, but in larger clash of techy TV, the ladies of ABC's the bachelor were challenged by a herm of skivies as CBS aired that Victoria's Secret Fashion Show. Along with supermodels, the Victoria's Secret Special Boasted Pop singers including Phil Collins and Mark Anthony. Oh, for not Anthony. I thought it said singers. Consomer tips when shopping for lingerie consider speed of access and 34 racks of bras and patties waiting for the runway. Meanwhile Burgy was wrestling with one of the toughest decisions ever made he said. Having wittled a field of 25 candidates, it was turned between Brunette Helene, a 27-year-old grad grade school physiologist from New Jersey. A sucker. Well, grade school psychologist? Gratschool. It says grade school here. Well. I'm reading it right on a C&R Tomis C&R and made another, uh, typo. It says a 27-year-old grade school psychologist from New Jersey and Blondbrook, a 22-year-old senior at University of Alabama, or maybe at the fancy school. They help him seal the daily took each finalist home to meet his family. Do you work when you're not having a good time, Grand My Estoline? The next day, Burgy's dad warmly greeted Brooke, a pretty name for a pretty girl he said. Thank you, she'd rather wish you could see the weather's written out. He had a NG, K-E-W-W. Thank you, she'd roll. Then Burgy had one last laid back day with each contender. You want mushroomy, Estoline offering her pizza? I thought what he said you want mushroom, maybe. Why are you reading my mind, she'd chirp, but so far, David, no reading Burgy's mind. I'm still in the fancy camptime to camera. No one was on the fence about the Victoria Secret Fashion Show, first there last year by ABC, scoring high ratings in controversy. How do you like that? Several women's groups of media watch-lock organizations in CRCBS not to air the new special tough crap. But like the fashion being modeled in the broadcast had one, I'm gonna say a little bit of virtue of brevity. Last thing, just an hour, it predatory is to join the Bachelor at midpoint as viewers got their TV tackiness both ways as CNN. How do you like that? I said that bachelor's crap at least that episode is over. Thank the Lord. Oh, they'll be back with more. Look at that phone, they smoke an iPhone or what, huh? It must be busy lighting them up. I think the stories between Aquina and I McDonald's thing met, that was the end. That was the kiss of death. Our pullout, no, Susan, they don't care about the royal family. You don't you understand? They don't even know where the hell the British girls are on a map. Much less the US. No, I, I, I, I, I, I, go back to that thing about the, the geography deal. If, if, if there's anybody in the country that can't find the US on a map, they should be immediately sent to get them over the Alkai to people. Okay. I'm serious. They got to be reported. When it's out, throw them out. How can you not know where you're at? Jesus Christ, man. He knew where he was. Speaking of that. Yeah, he was in the desert without a map. What would Jesus drive if Jesus came back to work, what kind of vehicle would he drive? Who's Jesus? 73, how many votes we got? 3370, nothing, nothing, they're not to have said about this boy either. 370. Cadillac, as in for Old Jews, 68, he'd ride a camel, 67, motorcycle 42, subcompact car to save gas 40, hum V37, SUV 26 and Corvette only 17 pretty weak. Here's our only call, a better big good. It's from Northwaterdale. Hello. Hey, how you doing? Okay. Listen, speaking of geography when I call, I told the guy in for an iPhone out some wild manners and he said, where's that? So I guess we don't know where we are around here. What do you want from him, he lives in Dave County? There you go. Listen, I'm a reporter for a magazine that covers the fast food industry. And I can tell you that the lowest selling item on every fast food menu is the so-called healthy items. You know, McDonald's tried the McQueen, it's bomb, it's always tried a veggie sub, it's bomb. Everything they try, that's healthy, bombs out. There were a lot of history chicken last for about six months that bomb. Bottom line is people order what they want, they want fast, they want the double cheese burger, they want the milkshakes. Right. They don't care what's in it. They only care about as what is it tastes like. Exactly. And nobody's going to order some string beans and carrots with their sandwich at a fast food place, they want the fat and that's what they go for. And these places have tried to still follow. So don't offer a salad and people get too back for blue cheese dressing. So they stay in business by giving people what they want. Exactly, that's right. And the second thing is, okay, even a hamburger of a hot dog has some nutritional value. If a case like this held up, I mean, you could sue publics because they have a candy aisle, they have a chip file and they have a cereal aisle. One of those foods, especially candy, have any nutritional values. Well, I can be in stores. Every convenience store in a world has got nothing but crafters, nothing with a nutritional value. Maybe an apple, some of them carry a couple of apples. But they're all the nutritional value right. So I'm sure that's what they're selling in soda. So it's just, I just hope the case doesn't hold up. Not to defend all the quick service chains. But, you know, they give people what they want and that's how they say in business and the see-only way they can stay in business. Amen. I'm out of here. Thanks a lot. And he's right. That's the point. How could it possibly be a lawsuit against the place where you've got all these different choices? You've got health food restaurants. You know how long most of those lives in five minutes. And then they try to help food chains, you know, fast food health food. Those most of those lives in about two minutes. That's not what people want. If you're going to be in business, I mean, we're talking about private enterprise. We're talking about people in business. Give people what they want. You don't go to Ruth Chris, for example, to get seaweed. And he's like he says string beans and avocado. As you go to get a big fat juicy steak. Right? Right. God. 560, 750, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T. And Verizon Wireless Law. And steak. Yeah, nice big juicy thick steak. Fatty. You know what I'm saying? A little bit of fat in there, little grizzly. It's not that horrible. I like when it's cooked like medium well and the fat around the edges is like a little bit still on there and it's like grit, Mr. grizzly. You know, grizzled around the edges? God, I love that. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. How are you doing? Sensational. You know, even though a lot of people don't think so, I think it shows hilarious. Yeah. Oh, what do you mean? Who is it? Doesn't think so. Why do you say a lot of people don't think so? A lot of people don't catch it show. They just don't understand it. Well, there's a few assholes out there with no sense of humor. What can I do about that? That's an understanding. Yeah. But now that we're doing McDonalds, do you think they'd promise it'll be happy we sue Wendy? I don't know because Dave Thomas is dead, but other than that. What do you think, George? You think he'll be happy? I think he'll jump for joy. Oh, look at this. Another great facts. Yeah. That's a good day for that. Let me pass the long-sum information about the Ibuoyen guy who I've known for about 30 years. I'm the federal prosecutor whenever lessons when George hosts the show. Ever since I've included him in on your show last year has been listening via the internet become addicted to your his idol. He comes from a lot of money so he doesn't work. I guess his wife got sick of him doing nothing around the house of the listening to your show. So he cheats your way of his ass out, originally with the ultimatum that's either Neil or me. So down to Miami he came and stayed with my wife and me for a few days. Needless to say he was heartbroken when Chudier Ward you didn't return from Toronto to me to meet him at the Panther game. He was running back to his wife. He went and she took him back with open arms. So you said that him a favorite I guess. But alas I don't think the abudian guy will call the show anymore. You know guys and rejection but seriously he's interested in buying QA. I'm making appropriate changes like acting low. He didn't find any humor when more review is ginger. They who should he contact. I like the picture. That's a fact as well. The few things we do like. But see, no, can you start again because I want to remind you one more time we draw the line at the end. Right. We draw the line at the end. Transmitter maintenance 6 to 9 a.m. I mean life is too short to go through it. Try to satisfy to pacify to to modify old carmuggins. So can't do it. Can't do it. I'm doing my show and take it or leave it. That's it. That's why it works. Just like that Capriita thing. You know this is the garage show. This is your brain. This is it. Take it or leave it. Period. 1156 at 560 WQM. I'll tell you talk about a place where you can get all kinds of food. You can get fat and including get the challenge. You can get everything at the pizza loft, right? Everything. Now we'll say this if you have enough of those garlic rolls. That's probably not like dietetic, but man is it good. Oh, God. Pizza loft has got the most incredible garlic rolls. The best I've ever had in my life. Just dripping with garlic or they'll also make them for you with like no extra garlic. However you like that's what you'll get. Everything is cooked fresh to order at the pizza loft, which is why it's so damn good. No rubbery spaghetti. No overcooked anything or undercooked. They got three different kinds of great pizza glue, that extra spicy food Gaza pizza. Every Monday is lasagna at the loft. To his eggplant, I thought one of these dinners these nights get the second 25 bucks. Wednesday kids eat free with the Dils thing and see their famous magician do it. Every Thursday like the night is bike night at the loft. Come on a motorcycle. Scourge court by one dinner. Get the second one for half price. And don't forget they've got all kinds of your Italian favorites. Chicken dishes. The old seafood, cowzoan, super subs and lots more. And now two great locations for you. The original Broward pizza loft is in the Davy right between Griffin and 595. I'm University of York. Do you hear what I almost said? I almost. I almost heard it. I almost heard that. Anyway, lots of people are working right beyond pure one imports. And now the brand new pizza loft location in plantation right on the corner of Navhill and Sunrise. And boy did we need them or what? I got too much out by me there. But the right behind that drugs to run a corner. Navhill and sunrise. Share the full numbers for take-off or deliver your catering which they do as to Pena's job. By the way, especially with the holidays coming. For his lowest five bucks per person. In Davy called 9504-916888. 9504916888. In plantation 9504-382-1999. 9504-382-1999. In plantation. The pizza loft locations equally outstanding. My life and low. This is 42056. You can weigh 2. Just a gold steam. But you can call me down. Whenever I'm in town, I listen to. Wait a minute, I am in town. It's the 12th of one hour. Oh for the finest and online casino given. Call 1-800-800-Kalbets. Remember him? On a read. It's a junk-bitter for the fence. You're so old. Oh, crap. Get out there! I'm still spry. Now listen up, boy. Remember that bomb I dropped at him who malfeces toyed by England. Oh, man. You sure show them. Show them what. Yeah, but I ain't throw it at me at sea. It just so happens I got another bomb to drop. Like this? No, not that kind of bomb you moron. This was a big amount of war. Okay, what is this? We'll let you know. Ginger Rogers does show up in tenor days. Yeah, but what you don't always. Ginger flies us love and that faggot the corn. But there are every weekend. Yeah, for Huck Gays and all. And the nothing. Don't believe what you hear in here. Then pour the grab any of the deep eggs for years now. Boy, that's some bomb. I ain't throw yet, stow it at the top. Now I paid a great deal of money to a fellow staff member who loves it admire me. The leave ginger spot open last weekend. You see? What you're about to hear is that Pike's smoke and ginger Rogers and that train monkey faggot the corn. Dancing again. Ginger Rogers and that train monkey faggot the corn. Dance in together. In a romantic embrace. One, two, one. Faggot the fish. One, two, one. One, two, one. Come on. Come on. One, two, one. And we're here to find out. One, two, three. Come on. Come on. No, you've got it. I'll take that one. I'll take that one. I'll take that one. I'll take that one. I'll take that one. I'll take that one. This is a bit of a bit of a... They sure us to win on each other right there. Ah, that's a great sign. I don't know when. Oh, God. Oh, God. A big boy. Oh, God. Here. You don't want to pop me. Come on. I've got to go for God. I've got to go for God. Oh, God. Oh, God. That train monkey is where. But it's weird. It's not weird. It's just milder. Woah, this is milder than anything League of bad guys. Probably 4-5-60 are being onion to one hour, man dog at one. Hank Ohm briefly before I let Herkun stuff get started. Prosecution claims for more FBI agents for fatal wrong way crash. Seems like this story is hanging on for about a 100 years, however it's forever, man. What long do this happen? 1999, almost three years ago.. Prosecutors said yesterday that a former FBI agent was directly responsible for the death of two law-to-heal brothers in the Interstate accident. Closing arguments began on the trial of David Ferrell, 39 charged with the vehicular homicide and the U.I.man slaughter charges. As system-fed attorney Michael Hurwood said the scientific evidence presented in the case proved that Ferrell was traveling in the wrong direction and was drunk. When his car plowed into another vehicle, killing the men on an I-95, no one has the right to violate the rules we all share Hurwood said. Ferrell accused of being drunk, driving the wrong way in I-95 and killing youth minister Maurice Williams-23 and his half-rother Craig Chambers in 19-year-old college student, Ferrell could face 30 years in prison if convicted. A rye! The former agent insisted in testimony on Tuesday that he was not impaired and was driving in the right direction before the near-head on collision of 23rd, 1990-9. I probably thought about it more times than I can count he said. The fence attorney Bruce Yutelth was to make his closing argument later in the day the case would then go to jurisdiction for deliberation which it already has. I'm a cross-examination on Tuesday Hurwood's hands furl repeatedly about the poor judgment showed by drinking and driving, Ferrell had admitted drinking beer to Davey restaurant before the crash. I think you'd drive better when you're not drinking, but I wasn't in parity said, so it makes no difference. Ferrell said he knew where he was going would not have driven southbound in the northbound lanes, experts for the prosecution testified that only Ferrell could have been driving the wrong way when the vehicle's clotted head on. The FHP initially botched the investigation by blaming one of the brothers as the wrong way driver and not formally charging a changing that fighting for a month. Quidditch charged that the FHP jumped to the wrong conclusion because the victims were black and Ferrell is white and was a law enforcement veteran. A separate set of investigation found a evidence of racism or a cover up in the FHP's handling of the crash, but FHP training has changed in response. The family of the brothers is suing in state court the FHP and the restaurant that's your FHP's who are suing the FHP in federal court. We're still in everybody. Ferrell had a blood-app called Aquila out of point 14, well above the legal limit of point 08, after drinking more than two pictures of beer investigators concluded he was fired after the crash. The offenders have contested the test saying investigators relied on the medical use of blood-serim rather than the legally preferred use of whole blood. Did you ever get a verdict yet had done? Eventually, after Jesus comes back, I think. Did Jesus come back in his Honda? Dashal says, Shriall talk radio spruised threats. Shriall and Shriall commentary from some talk show hosts has led to increased threats against public officials, Senate Majority Leader Tom Dashal said yesterday, counting himself among those who received such threats. Dashal dentequed a South Dakota would not elaborate on the kinds of threats against him, but said that his Republicans criticized him throughout the year the threats went up. And I was accused of being an obstructionist, there was a corresponding a very significant increase in the number of issues that my family and I had to deal with, he said, and I worry about that. Said Dashal was office last year received an anthrax-laced letter. Dashal credited Republicans for a success in getting their message out, saying that definitely they definitely blunt politics entertainment and use talk radio to rev up the listeners in favor of their issues. But, as he had in his pretty sloppy honor, a lot of typos on here you idiots. Dashal said that ton of some commentaries is led to increased threats on him and his family. Rush Limbaugh and all the Rush Limbaugh wannabes have a very shrirel age, and that's entertainment. We were told that even people would only agree with him, listen because they're entertaining Dashal said. But what happens when Rush Limbaugh tax those of us in public life is that people aren't satisfied just to listen, they want to act because they get emotionally invested. And so you know, the threats to those of us in public life go up dramatically on our families and on us in a way that's very disconcerting he said. Inbal played Dashal's comments on a show yesterday telling his listeners, la ta la ta la ta la. I'm sorry. Every 10 that Democrats lose either elections on our or major issue, they blame me, they blame talk radio and they blame you. The outgoing majority leader said the ability of talk radio show host to get up and most among their listeners is the kind of religious fundamentalism outside the US. Unfortunately not on this show, though. We must be doing something really wrong, you know what? And amazing how we don't have any ditto heads. We don't. Not like they do they have no opinions. They can snap their fingers and if they have 400 phone lines, they'll be lit up faster and you can say right wing. You know we see in some poor countries we think, well my god, how can this religious fundamentalism become so violent? Well that's that same shrill rhetoric that same shrill power that motivates said the Dashal. Somebody says something and then it becomes a little more shrill the next time and then more shrill the next time and pretty soon it's a full man that becomes physical in addiction to just verbal. Despite his concern, Dashal said Democrats have to learn to emulate Republican tactics to some extent. We were just talking with some experts a couple of days ago about how if we're going to try to break through his Democrats we have to have the same age as Republicans do he said. Dashal has said Democrats were hurting the midterm elections because of their inability to get a clear message out to voters, but he dismissed costs to be defined to party in the wake of defeat. He said the range of liberals to moderates in Democratic Party makes it hard to clearly define. Oh there you go. Make a long story short. The people are not part of that conservative, um, maniacal thing. They're just not motivated. That's what have come. Boys down to. They haven't been whipped up into a frenzy. They haven't got that good old time or new time religion. Whatever the hell it is. Just like our audience. Here's a Colin Pemberpine. Hello. Hey Neil, we're going. Okay. Neil, I want to ask you a question. You said you had a problem with Fox News, uh, talking about your content of your show. Yeah. A few weeks ago. Yeah. Why? Would you agree that there's a double standard also that you're able to say certain things on the radio and get away with it with the bit. And by the way, I get it. And I have a sense of humor and I don't know. What's the double standard? Well, what did you have to agree? And you know what I'm going to say. Wait, wait a minute. Wait a minute. Okay. You can't have a conversation. I don't, I don't have those kinds of conversations where people say to me, wouldn't you have to agree. Just tell me what you want to say. And then I'll tell you whether I agree or not. I don't have to agree. I'll let you know. Fair enough. Um, if you got a white error set to have a sexual, um, angle, say the kind, kind of thing that you say about fix and black and whatnot, I don't want the problem to say. They wouldn't be crucified. And it's no, no, no, they, no, they would not. What is a, a head of a sexual head to do with it? Well, you're able to, wait, wait, wait, wait. You're able to batch anybody, like, uh, called gay against dogs and all what not. But you know if somebody else would have do that, it would be considered a big, it, I don't have a problem with a meal. I'm not saying I'm not here. So it, it all depends on the way you said. Everybody who listen to the show for more than five minutes, those, when I use the word Faggot, what I'm doing, it's, it's comedy. I agree. I agree. That's my point. You're exactly right. But what I'm saying is when you have a regular guy that's not, or, uh, I got it's not any of that's the background. Let, let, let, let, let, let me give you a big example. It's like a conversation we had about the word, nigger and nigger. Okay. Right. If you, if you say, look at that dumb nigger over there and you're saying it in a big in a way, of course, people are going to say, man, what are racist piece of crap you are? But if black people are even white kids are calling each other nigger in, uh, humorous, amusing friendly way, because that's just the, the way they would speak to each other, then there's nothing wrong with it. All the pins on the intent and the usage. You can hear the injury. I'm just asking you, if you ever thought, because I, uh, a, a while back, uh, this guy, um, I forgot his name. He was on the fan a while back. I made a comment about Serena Williams looking like an animal and he got, and he was called a big, and he was kicked off the shows and that show with that, that old guy that you're, you're always making fun of too from New York. He's a touch of old. He's been around forever. Um, I don't know. Like how it turns, uh, peer, what's his face, uh, God? Don't, don't, don't, don't, don't. Mother face. He was kicked off the show. I had to give him a apology. I'm saying, you could make a comment like an inch. He was making it in Jeff. There was, I didn't think there was any malice by it. Well, then he, then he shouldn't have been kicked out. Well, of course, on that station, what difference did it make you know? Okay. And I don't know what, you're talking about the fan in New York about I'mus? Yes. That was it. The, the other right. One of his, uh, coals that he had on there with him. Yeah. That made a comment about Serena Williams. This is about six months ago. And he, well, I, I, I didn't hear the comment. So, you know, get it second hand. I really don't know what that was all about. No, it happens on the way. No, it's not. I just wanted to. I just want to. I think I think that the whole thing with race and people, I got to run for the break. But I think that the whole thing, just like Jimmy DeGreek and all these other people would make a harmless statement. No matter who the hell it is, uh, and all of a sudden they get canned, they get ostracized and branded his races just because they're expressing a viewpoint. You can criticize gay people. You can say anything you want about women. Look at this thing with the Augusta deal with all these dice there. I mean, you can say anything. They're making a difference. But if you make any comment about blacks and I guarantee if Congelisa Rice was white instead of black, there'd have been no think about that. If we would have been talking about Congelisa crackers and jam or cracker, what the you want to say? What do you say? And by the way, cracker, quit eating them crackers and jam, Congelisa, and good for your uh, brain. I think I got my message across tonight. All depends on the intent. And when you take something out of context and you try to paint somebody as a big kid who's clearly, and let me also say the same thing I told her all the years I've been on the year here. We had in all the months we played those bits and he complaints about him. No. And when I asked her who these people are so upset, she couldn't name me one, not a group, not an individual, not anybody because the people that started bomb barred in us with all kinds of crap, they weren't in this market. They were out of the market, which is why it had no impact because everybody knew that. Now they're on to their next, uh, you know, whatever their thing is. Everybody said 1214 at 560 WDQM. There's never been a better or smarter time to buy a new home or refinance you resisting home. At this amazing, we low rate of only 3.95% you heard right. Financial group can offer you an unprecedented 3.95% all you got to do is call him. Coffinantial group tool free at 1-800-940-LND. That's 1-800-945363. The money you're going to save is positively. Think about it, you can get yourself $100,000 loan for 1-450 bucks a month. Or get you a $200,000 loan for 1-950 bucks a month. The process is simple and you'll save yourself a crap load of money every year. So call our good pizons, our buddies. At financial group at 1-800-940-LND, tell them a Todd Drectour to you call by the way. You're on the set of good mood? Why? I haven't heard or seen or won word from him and so long it's just a pleasure. There's never been a better time to get you a low interest rate than right now. So Coffinantial group when you be on a way to big savings, financial group has an equal housing lender, credit restrictions, dual-ply, and rates are subject to change. So call them now and tell them that old Todd Drectour and the authority to call 1-800-940-LND. That's 1-800-940-5363. You're on my life and low-altz, this is 4-3-05-16. You can tap when you're 15, fucking minutes is that so much to answer. First you get down on your knees, fiddle with your rosaries. Now you're ahead with great respect and you check the quick, check his legs and your legs. You're what ever steps you want if you have to clear them with the pontam. Everybody say his own theory and your layers on to an abandoning an arat. Yeah, in line in that procession, I'll step into that small confessional, there a little guy who's got religion. I'll tell you if your sins are original, if it is, cry, play in it, say for, drink the wine and chew the way for it. You're too old for six, eight times a transubstantial. You go get down on your knees, fiddle with your rosaries. Now you're ahead with great respect and you check the quick, check his legs. You're right, I'm across, I'm on your abdomen when in Rome, do like a romant and our bhameria. Cheers, good to see you. Get an extant against our command, I'm going to do an abandoning an arat. Let's see my second power speaking, and again, I had that cue up to play. Both of those things that you just heard there and are looking to facts machine, and he would just ask me this time on a hand thing. How about that? Domino's Pizza Fondro Plans Catholic University in near Naples. And we're not talking about Napoli in Italy, we're talking about Naples Florida. The founder of Domino's Pizza Nons Plans just a bit of Roman Catholic University in a college town called Ave Maria in Florida. A college town. Tom Monahan was devoted himself to Roman Catholic causes since he sold a pizza chain in 1998. Said he is entered into a partnership with the developer, Berrin Colour Coss. Why? Berrin Coss. To build a town near Naples. And exchange the developer will donate 750 acres for Ave Maria University. Catch you here, Johnny Mattress right now, singing Ave Maria. Can't you hear it? I hear it. Oh, Honahan, the door's up. Monahan said he founded the Ave Maria Foundation in 1983 to help give as many people in to have it as possible. Oh, he added the best way to achieve the goal of the foundation is through Catholic higher education. Not a good spankings. Officials did not disclose the full cost of the two projects, but said the first phase of the university will amount to $200 million with money coming from the foundation. They said the first phase of the town is estimated at 100 million and will come from Berrin Colour. Among his projects are Ave Maria School of Law, Ave Maria College, eight grade schools and Convette All in Michigan. He had sought to expand the college in Michigan but was rebuffed. Monahan said the university will also include a strong sports program. He said he hoped to finish construction by 2006. Kick those freaking fighting averages. That's right. Right? Probably not. How about Boston College? I think they can beat them. Oh, holy cross. Well, got to start somewhere. Scientists planning to make new form of life. This is really kind of an alarming story, you know? Why? Why? Pretty neat. Why? Pretty neat. Why? Who else? Like I told you this morning before the show called Jean Wilder and see what it's going to be. And what's his name? And what's his name with the eyes? What's his hearty felt? Marty Feldman. Love him. What are you feeling? He was great. Rest in peace. Scientists in Rocker ladder announced today that they plan to create a new form of life in a lab dish, a project that raises ethical and safety issues but also promised. To illuminate the fundamental mechanics of living organisms. I thought we had a new form of life. It's the one we don't talk about anymore. That's an old form of life. The one that's answering transmitter maintenance. See there you go again. I'm sorry. Jay Craig Venter, the Jean scientist with a history of pulling off unlikely successes and Hamilton. Oh, Smith. A Nobel laureate are behind a plan. The Nintendo's create a single cell partially manmade organism with a minimum number of genes necessary to sustain life. If the experiment works, the microscopic manmade cell will begin feeding and dividing create a population of cells unlike any previously known or resistant. And you don't find this a little bit alarming. I think it's spectacular. To ensure safety. To ensure safety, Smith and Venter said the cell would be deliberately hobbled to render it incapable of infecting people. It will also be strictly confined, which is what they always say. And designed to die if it does manage to escape into the environment. More worrisome than the risk of escape the acknowledges that the project could lay these scientific groundwork for a new generation of biological weapons, a risk that may force them to be selective about publishing technical details. But they said the project could also have advanced the nation's ability to detect and counter resisting biological weapons. The project funded with a $3 million three year grant from the energy department will start as a pure scientific endeavor, but eventually could have practical applications. If Venter and his collaborators venture to create a minimalist organism of the survey envision, they'll attempt to add new functions to it one at a time, conferring on it the ability for example to break down the carbon dioxide from power plant emissions or to produce hydrogen for fuel. The more immediate plan is to try to puzzle out an eventually modern, modern, modern computer, every conceivable aspect of the biology of one organism, a feat that scientists never come close to accomplishing. Because all living cells are based on the same chemistry, we were in very striking resemblances to one another. That could shed light in all the biology. That could one another to each other, who'd help our Washington post shame on you. They don't very striking resemblance to one another to each other. You want to be, huh? You're right. Now what do you want to watch and post a right crap like this by just in Gillis? And this guy writes like, go be Gillis. And it's supposed to be like an intellectual scientific story. We're wondering if we can come up with a molecular definition of life enters that the goal is to fundamentally understand the components of a most basic living cell. How do you like that? Ask Robert Blake. He can tell you all about his cell. Is it alive? It's dank. Wow. You know that one another that's kind of like that side by each crap they say. Side by each. What's that mean, eh? Oh, and speaking of side by each, Jennifer Lopez already thought so. And people magazine agrees. And you're right. This is it. To be a lot worse. He's not bad for whatever he is. People magazine agreed. But he sure is how isn't this year's sexiest man alive. Then afluck? He's no Sean Kaoi. Thank God. Because he's not a big deal of a hundred first of all. And he's 30 year old. Ah, see that goes back to that. Like, they did a lot of women thought Jack Palance was real sexy to it. He was a weird one. No, seriously. He was a free seriously. He was his only assada man. He was growtask. Looks like a granite statue. The 30 year old star been afluck in these semival fears and Proarvers been everywhere lately. Most of the because of his romance with an engagement to Lopez is that Jennifer or Hector Lopez. The singer and actors told people he'll still be the sexiest man alive in my eyes when he's 100 years old. Oh, who you kidn. Fadass. Afluck stars with Lopez in the upcoming movies, Digley and Jersey girl. Previously winners of the magazine, Sex and the Lord of Cloud Tom Cruise. George Clooney. Red pit. Oh, right. And Pierce Brosnan. Well, one out of four ain't bad. I mean, Pierce Brosnan's is a good look in man. But to say he's the sexiest man alive. Come on. And the only reason he got that is because he was doing the James Bond thing right. And it says, who was Halle Berry's favorite James Bond? Brosnan Pierce Brosnan of course. Very who co-stars with the Irish actor and Diana the basses. Pierce is my bond. Really when I started to watch Bond movies, Pierce was the man. Run a repirdasco winning actress is Sean Cotterley, who she admirers for her the Lightness and silliness that he brought to it. He obviously didn't take himself too seriously. He caught everybody by the way. It's also way former sexiest man alive. Very evidently his or her standards. And silliness on, don't they? Oh, I don't. I can't read it. No, I don't. I'm I'm don't forget I'm in Canada. Okay. We're on to that bitch here. I'm not going to read no silliness on. Well, maybe after the break. I just thought she was real big there. Oh, no. Let me say it again. We're on to her here. Okay. And Marie we like silliness on. Forget about it. Can you hear that drilling? No. Speaking of good reasons not to be here. I don't hear angelic in my building. It's as quiet as like a church mouse. Peaceful calm. We got to noise out of the way with that fire drill this morning that you heard before the show. For it's it's pleasant. Not here. You know something. I'll be honest with you. If I didn't have like obligations and read even with a crappy weather here in a couple amongst January and February. I don't I would. What would I come back there for? You know. I mean, I got friends there and obligations and responsibilities and stuff like that. But I don't really feel compelled us need to be there, you know, how about for the ambiance. Like I said, hey, listen, if you love your home, but you need more space. Here's the answer for you. Do what hundreds of other people are doing. If I pity Lenny tells me that Zillions of people are doing it. They're doing the smart thing. Thank goodness. They're calling strictly addition. Just like George did. Whether you're having a baby like George did. And even at the room, maybe converting a car porter petty with living space. Maybe you went into business for yourself and want to make a home office. Call the people who do it all for you. There are one stop, shop more space for your place. Place with an absolutely positivity worry free approach to expanding your living space. No shows that you hear about from other contractors. Uh-uh, not gonna happen. Incomplete work. No way Jose. No one expected bills. No worries about the job nugget and then right. And they take care of airway. Last detail for you. They drop out your blueprints. They get the building permits and all the pain in the ass inspections for you. Strictly, this is got that easy five step approach to total a total customer satisfaction. Watch the bouncing ball here. Number one, call the schedule of a pre-project evaluation of Permanent Your Home, where a project estimated about a terminate scope of your addition. Second, schedule a bit of employment in an American-beauty-neature where you get a detailed proposal and an exact price for the work. Third, select your finishing touches. Go to contract. Fourth, review the design our architectural drawings and fifth last and not least. Sit back and relax as your dream edition moves ahead on schedule with unbeatable quality. These are professionals who want to do you a super job. Look for the ed in the oil pages. They serve all of Broward and South Palm Beach County. Call them right now and tell them that Neil and PD Lenny told you to call strictly editions. 9-5-4-7-9-1-80-100. That's 9-5-4-7-9-1-80-100. Writing around with your windows down. Dial us up on the show right now. We've got a vacancy in the hotel. We'll talk about men, tell your penis swells. How fast they run and how good they look. And pass along tips for your pokey to book. Hello, sportsmen. Let's talk about Ricky Williams over and over again. And Elvis, you're a cop. And my voice is higher and higher. Do I start sounding like a son? Add us. Talking about friendly men and... Oh, loving it. And some side issues like where are all the lighter cuts? Do you remember how the young men were the writer? The smell of muslim over-dyncid that blended so well within a sandwich. A bruising along with the afternoon. Talking about ignorant sport hold-gones. I've got single-dangle their balls like a bell. And I've got how good their jocks drop spells. She must talk about women except to say. Please, thought I'm a nice patch of real estate. Hey, man, are you doing a picture? Hey, Steve, you fool. What do you believe? I got a pink belt that he put to this. I have a line. I hope friend but bra. Let's go! Let's go! No! I'm sorry about that. I meant six free. Stop that! Be so f***ed smart, Sam. We're going to be always great. All around full trick. I'm just gonna be not fooling anybody, call it. I don't think that's kind of aggravation. I'm going to put in your money. Don't even need to give. So blow it up your ass, my friend. Because I can sit here and relax and wear my car. Get fixed real man to do a radio show. And wear a time. Pro 34 or 560 mad dog coming up. Here's a piggy port, don't belaca, hello. Hey, Leo. Yes, sir. How are you doing? Okay. Yeah, I got a pig report for a block of police. I'm 26. Yeah, I'm 27. I'm a new soft down. But soft down. He has a, he has a speed trap going. 149.27 with Avenue. How's standing? Yeah, he's, he's picked off four already. He's sitting in the vacant hot front. From around 27 with Avenue. You can't see him, but he's sure he does. You can see everything coming. Well, we see him now. Yeah. Okay. Thanks a lot. See you. How do you like that? Another pig report. That porters listen. Okay, doing his duty. Castle all you people. How is that pull coming? If Jesus came back, I'll be coming back. What kind of vehicle would he drive? 120 two votes? Kind of a marginal response? Who's Jesus? 86 of our heathen crowd said that? Who'd hell is Jesus? Don't be saying hell in Jesus, okay? God damn it. I'll be driving a Cadillac for old Jews. 80 in course he'd be like a 2000 year old Jews. So that fits right in. I wonder if it would be a Cadillac escalade? Like Queen Latifa. I'll maybe show you a little bit of borrowed it. He ride a camel 74 motorcycle 48. Subcompact car to say gas 46. Humvee 40. SUV 31 and Corvette 17 last place. That's okay. I'm still proud I voted for the Corvette. All you dead beats out there to drive like you. No mustangs. Oh man. Is that really getting me? I mean if you're like 17 18 19 maybe even 20 you'd rather to Mustang. I grant you a lot of my fast cars lot of them are all souped up great. Some of those convertible Mustangs look pretty good I'll be honest. Well you know something no matter how you slice it a man how you cut it no matter what you do it's still a Mustang. I thought I wanted to say. Oh yeah. So I feel bad for it but I understand not everybody can afford a Corvette. I mean it's kind of the new with a cost it's just the idea that these people are there's just something about it. I'll pull up next to me to stop like an airwasting the engine they're looking to me like what is wrong with you. Who are you kidding okay? Who are you kidding so you got a fashker or the other thing you'll do is like you know you'll floor it which I at times do like every time. And you know you'd be like a hundred car likes to hit them on sunrise. Yeah. And all of a sudden like they're going 70 miles an hour they can blow a fire like you're saying like that proves something to me. Well I can go 72 ass. So you know I can go 130 I can go 150 after you've already given up they come flying. Right. Well it's not a question to give it up after I've decided I'm reading that I'm just didn't get in the ticket just to prove a point you know. Well you've already proven it. Exactly. Well not to them. In fact yeah you're not just people and Mustangs but I'm talking about people driving like subcompacts. Yeah. People driving what are those the little begins with a K what's that car? Kia Kia. Kia. Yeah people drive it a little Kia's that cost like about 50 cents. And it comes zoomed up here. 75 miles an hour they're going by I see house show you. Yeah you show me a real piece of crap. Celine Dion, Donna, Navy Blue vapor in the surreck list. It doesn't development preschool students had McDonald's restaurant in Jupiter Florida to raise money for the Ronald McDonald house charities. The onset of Ronald McDonald house in Montreal was an incredible help to her family members who stayed there years ago. Ronald McDonald houses provide lodging for families of hospitalized children. On a less serious note they singer confided she enjoyed that the golden arches. What is it dining as a child and age 34 she still does dining as a child. But you ever consider going to McDonald's is dining and dancing dining and dancing as would you a car would tell you dining and dancing is he still around. I sure hope not. The worst commercials in the history of bad guys. I like car and subtle. Oh my god dining and dancing and you think that it's a put on but the worst part of is because I met him. He takes himself seriously. I think he was on one of those awful Kendall Toyota shows that I was on years ago or some show I was on. And I met the guy he takes himself seriously. And how come his name is Joey Carr and his brother's name is Steve Cohen. Can you explain that to me? Show me. Oh another big report where we got to run on these hello. Oh, poor Emily yes sir. Do you sound like you? Okay, there's a bigger point. Oh boy. I'm 35 and it's just east of northwest 19 Avenue is behind the tree and he's on a mark. Okay. Are you sure it's not Jesus now and I'm motorcycle? I'm sorry. I say thanks a lot. I don't like the echo and I call anything what I said he wouldn't it maybe wasn't the listen to the pull he might take that the wrong way. Maybe he was Jesus on the motorcycle. How do we know? Oh, likely it was some pork around there trying to make your life miserable. That's another service we provide for your charge on the show is the pig reports and have been doing so for years and will continue to do so even though they get all better to shape an uptight. Don't let me forget to read this story again and I'm glad you reminded me. About young Americans get D in geography D is in dumb as in dumb and I can't handle it. I can't stand getting worse because every time they come out with one of these things the numbers just keep getting higher. I mean 11% of these 18 to 24 year olds couldn't find the US on a map. And only 51% could find New York state. See one thing about the states and I'll say this if you took some states off the map like individually. Like the Dakota's they're both shaped the same I mean how would you know what I mean when you're on a map and any two hard to tell which one is right or the code. Which one is not like North Carolina South Carolina even though there's shape nothing like it all in South Carolina's like you know small but I mean. It ain't too hard to find north in South I don't think I mean I could be wrong about that too when you can write down with. That Frankie bit about you know stick him in the desert and don't give him a map. What's the name of that? Is it Frankie Panky? I don't know. I want to make sure we get the right word of it. Now it's something about the Sodom who's saying stick when the desert no give him a map. Well we'll find it. That's kick the crap out of you. It is? Yes. Well we'll think about it okay. How do I get sidetracked with that? Twenty-two one is five sixty WQM guys you want to have some serious fun? VIP Sportsburg.com is serious fun. That football but against the heat that ought to be easy money. Bad hockey or anything you want. That's the path there's the tie. Log on to VIP Sportsburg.com now see how easy the site is to use. You don't have to be a high world or to play the best sportsburg in the world. And VIP Sportsburg.com you can bet as little as five bucks even George could play and maybe call us someday. Maybe someday not made. Seriously have some fun you might even win some cash at least to be treated like a VIP. I bet your horse players out there are going to love this VIP Sportsburg.com pays track odds plus 10% You'd be crazy not to bet horses there. VIP online casinos way too would blackjack. Crafts slots with the minimum wage or is low as 10 cents we're talking about. Serious fun that's what Gary Sarners says. And man if there's a guy that knows his fun. It's easy to sign up online just go to VIP Sportsburg.com or give him a call tool free at 1-800 VIP VIP bets VETS 1-800 VIP bets sign up now gives you that 15% sign up cash bonus. So go on have some fun with VIP Sportsburg.com. We're sportsburg.com. You a M. Edge 1, but no the Afflack casting call. All right Tom Broker. I'm a rocker. Afflack. Again Tom. Afflack. One more time Tom. I'm losing a second part. One more. Afflack. Next. My Tyson. My Tyson. Yes my Tyson. Stop saying what I'm saying. I pay what I pay. I bet. Again. I bet. Next. Jesse Jackson. Afflack. Jesse I'm sorry but the duck is white. Next. Woody Allen. Just nuts him into ducted torques. Stay to the script Mr. Allen. It's crazy to send me. Great the line please. Why would it duck speak next? The great Sean Tanary sir. How welcome. Sir welcome. Sir welcome. Sir just read the line please. Afflack. Excuse me sir again. Afflack. Sir I'm sorry that's second part of the line I don't. I'm simply saying. Afflack. Next. Oh god. I guess we got Gilbert got freed over here. All right. Give it to me Gilbert. I'll work time Gilbert. I'll work. Well Gilbert I pretty much hate you and I think you're terrible but you're the close thing we got. You got the job. 46 to 56 you WQM. This is from Melatzy. What's the date on this? June 19th 2001 last year. The story about that you just thanks to me the sportscaster. Yeah. And in the movie which proved once again the don I missed the morning hosted WFAN came getaway with just about anything sportscasters said Rosenberg fired from I missed in the morning program two weeks ago. Because of racist remarks about tennis playing sisters Venus and Serena Williams has been given a goal slap on a back totally could continue giving updates on the morning show. So we didn't get fired. Last Tuesday Rosenberg and living one of his sports updates that he couldn't watch the William sisters play because they looked too muscular in masculine. He went on to describe Serena Williams as an animal and said that she and her sister Venus were more likely to appear in the. And the much celebrated TV show National Geographic than the Playboy magazine he claimed as your marks were not racist. Just a zoological. Oh man. Good come back. On hearing their marks I'm a apparently taken up a period to be taken up back and I'll see if fired Rosenberg. This was just a moronic thing to say never mind believe I missed observed. After that point I'm a section seems responsible. What's transpired in these following the controversial marks and subsequent firing Rosenberg have called into question I'm a sincerity. Three days after the much publicized firing of Eisenberg, Don I miss an ounce yet invited Rosenberg coming on his show to explain himself with a possibility of a return of the show. And trying to explain this blatant attempt to serve Titiously ease Rosenberg back on a program I miss his Trump was. Look someone gave me about 50 chances. His opening game but was it's one thing to say something racist. Another to actually feel that way. Then he welcome back the cover with the words I would like to have you back on the program the only thing missing from the skit with usual hugs and tears. I don't see I missed doing too many hugs and tears now. Dead man can't do too many hugs and tears. Well, how do you like that? There you go. Anything that happens on this show peels into when signal I mean the National Zoological Society. Good. That would be like calling know what's his name the great ape. What does it say it? This is a very sad thanks from Jeff to read this. Yes. So I just want to take the 10, 10 how much I appreciate your program. I'm 27 start listening to sure around 1980 when I was in middle school and about the same time I got a pet that I grew to love very much. She was always a sickly animal but some of my men's to pull through all the scripts you got to do. Well, she finally died last that I've been through me 14 years ago. Sorry Jeff. Believe me. I know what it's like. I had to put my golden retrieved asleep last December. Very sad but you know, just that comes the time. You don't say no, you're mind. You know that time is going to come and it just happens. I'm glad you and George are still around because it's a tremendous opposite to a voice or reason at this time of my life. But the right way with you and I you always come to it here conclusions rationally and stick to your gun. So to speak when the idiots mung suckers and bad hair piece wears come after you. You're the best of the best. Yes, I am Jeff. I recently moved from Fort Lauderdale to Colorado. Unless you want to enter it. I'm it is made to transition that much easier. Wish you happiness and help you to George take your enjoyed your money and you to Jeff. Be well. That was very nice huh. I mean I said no to there but I'm assuming a dog or could have been a cat. I don't know but 14 years is as long I keep looking at tiny and thinking that he just turned 14. I keep saying, no, 14's pretty old tiny just laughs. He just laughs and helps them refer to her because he's got that one bad cataract. It's going to cost me a grand to get a cataract operation next month. Yeah, and I'm going to do it like a schmuck. I'm going to do it. Hey tiny. What's that on the floor over this? We've already made and took see rolls again. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. It's the truth, old man. Dogs are your best friends. It's not just to say it's the truth. People. I mean there's some people are good friends but boy they're few and far between doing and course of your lifetime. How many people of you know in your life who you could really say, here's somebody I could always depend on. Yeah. I don't think so. Yeah. I wouldn't say that. Not only one place, not only one time. Oh, I see over the course of your life. Yeah. About. I've been around a lot longer than you have. I'd say maybe three or four. I'm carrying it to a greater degree than I think you are. I'm talking about somebody I really like, you know, you could take your life on them. Let they give you a kidney. Yeah, something like that. Or a kidney bean. Or maybe five. Here's Miami, hello. I'm glad you're talking about animals, Neil, because I was just, I want to bring your attention about people who are going cattle and horses with the cause that really shouldn't be doing those kind of trailers. I see people on 95, going horse, two horses with a station wagon. A Ford station where you can't be doing that. You don't know what you're going to do. You don't know what you're going to do in the capacity. Yeah. People really don't know that. Telling capacity. It's something you really just know when you purchase a vehicle. Okay. Well, I'll keep that in mind. Do you know you're towing capacity? No, but I'm going to run right out and find out. There's a little time at front. I love that. It doesn't look as soon as you're there. I think we made a comeback today. Oh, this was fantastic. I put it in that anesthesia guy out of nowhere. No, this guy. We had a sensational. That's one of my favorite calls all year and don't forget. We draw the line at the end. Yeah. And I think that kind of helped us turn the corner today. Forget about that. That's Stazio. I just can't deal with the life is too short to share other people's misery. I'm having me a wonderful time. I enjoyed here. I'm going to go out and have me a real nice lunch right now. Right now. It's matter of fact. Right about nine minutes. How many? Yeah. Well, that's your payment. That thing is like five years old. You know what? Well, I think it was back to our days downstairs on the second floor. Where's the way. Those grotesque days. And that was cut in the old building. Was it really? Yeah. Well, we were the only ones down there. Remember? And he still can't save. By the way, for Robert. He has a whole day. A little bit on this good side because every now and then he like, you know, I know. He's back in for the flip flops, depending on what mood he's in on a given day, depending on how many right wingers of just one election. 442 votes. What would Jesus drive? WWE JD. That's the big story. The last 24 hours. What would Jesus drive? Which is so pathetic. Only in America. We would dribble like this. If Jesus came back to work, what sort of vehicle would he drive? Jesus 89 of you. He then bastard said that. Nice going. Cadillac for old Jews 84. Oh, he'd ride a camel 75. A motorcycle 51. Some can park. What is it? Some compact car to save gas 43. 48. Humb V 42. SUV 34 and Corvette only 19. Maybe Jesus couldn't afford a Corvette, you know. He was a modest man. Humbl didn't have a little bit of a capacity. Probably drive a Mustang. 1252 and 56. WWE QA.