I was a little saddy, did I? You sucky? My short fat idiot. Daddy, your loser. She was sad here from heaven, and she's dead as little girl. I went back home in my pants. I got for all of the time. I think mommy cheated on you. I just had to read time prayer. Still a little white flower all of the birds. My eyes are now man-o-be's here. Oh, I told that I'm done wrong. I must have done something wrong. Daddy, why don't you get a job? To deserve a whole new year, and what if like it's a lie? Daddy, you smell like beer. Sweet 16 today. I'm dropping out of high school. She's looking like a mom, a little more everyday. Daddy, I'm pregnant. One part, one, the other part, girl. I don't know who the father of a film and maker from ripping them up. I have to turn chicks back in time. I'm waiting outside in a graveyard. I drove the climb to a tree. Can you just send me some cigarettes? What if my kisses are not? Hang out by the toast for the brightening road. You change your name today. Dad, I'm getting married again. You make a promise and I'll give her away. Dad, that's my ass. Standing in the bride room, just staring at her. I think I have to. I have to be what I'm thinking. And I said, I'm not sure. I got to let her go. But I'm always in the mirror. Hey, pop, we're moving in. I'll give her more. And butterfly kisses. Dad, I have some news. I'm a lesbian. All right. Hey, but guess what? Let's be in the zoo. So it's not all bad. 9.03.5.60. WDQM happy Monday, too. Yeah, you know why I played that? Father's day coming up? No. Because this week we're going to be doing the one hit one thing, which somebody suggested. Somebody facts that in several days ago. And I think that's a great idea for a poll. I'm not going to do that poll today, but we'll eventually get to it. Now you know who did the original of butterfly kisses? No, I don't. How do you like that? I'll give you a clue. May 10th, 97 is when it first hit the charts. 97? Yeah. And you never got to know because it was a one hit wonder. Bob Carlisle. Never heard of him. Exactly. That's my point. See how great these one hit one is. Although if you go on the internet, you'll find anything on the internet. It's amazing. And I just typed in a search for one hit wonders and show enough is all kinds of crap. But real good one. Classic rock list. I'm going to have to go out and buy the book. The billboard book. They got a whole separate book of one hit wonders. But this list is mighty impressive to me. Question mark in the students, 96 years from Saginaw Michigan. Question mark. Did you know about him? Her. I know they did that song. I know that song. Right. She was a threemer. Question mark. And boy, do you agree with the set of the mind? I got a lot of these. No. I already told you were head up. See, the thing of it is these are one hit wonders. But boy, the songs, man, the some pretty heavy duty stuff. Right. Blue chair, summertime blues. I could live without that. Blue is image right kept and right. That's one of my favorite favorite songs. Well, we'll get into that eventually. Shocking blue and paint a Venus. Stealers, real stuck in the middle with Jews. Stuck in the mall with. We have them. We have them. We serve correct. Do we have a temple? Yeah. Yeah. We don't have time for a right now. Here's our pull from over the weekend. What do you smoke? I wonder what somebody smoke it in traffic. They're a QAM. We don't have any program log today. I wonder what they're smoking over at balance for life. The beast who lost two more pounds. Let's hear it for the beast. Oh, even though he is a little stupid. 32 pounds he's lost on balance for life. And just to show how much they appreciate the great job he's done. They don't throw a shot for that he fool this morning. For his memories. For either Joralee. I mean, you don't count. I know. Who the hell is that? What the hell is that? I don't care. Although I will say this, George had a bonding experience with Mo and a hallway by the T-Rom this morning. And I've been at least didn't have too much impact because he's still in mention our name. My name, your name, it didn't make sense. Well, maybe he doesn't mention anybody's name when he gets to one of these moods, which is like just about every day. He doesn't promote anybody else on a station except sucking up the Hank. And it's not going to work by the way, Mo. I keep trying to tell you that. Talking about how even though Hank's a genius, he couldn't pick Syrava to win the, Melmon on Saturday the 70 to one shot, who did? Nobody. That's why he was 70 to one. Wow, I mean, how can you see it's the same old crap. I'm just sick and tired of it already. They're by racing sucks. Warimblin goes to his knees at the start. Almost fell down. It's a miracle that I just but no said it in fall off. Had no chance. And then, of course, people don't understand the game. We'll say, yeah, but he moved up there on the inside. Actually, had the lead a little bit. Well, of course, he had to use all his horses to get back in contention and didn't have a chance to one his race, which that's not the way he runs. Anyway, and then by the time he got the lead, a little bit on the inside by about a neck, he picked his guts out. He was done. He was finito. So it just wasn't meant to be. It just occurs. There's a hex over Belmon. Then, of course, Tyson got the crap kicked out of him. So we're not going to talk about all that sports stuff. That's been exhausted. We're very pleased that he got the stuffings kicked out of Meldesur, delighted. And then, what else was there? We're going to wake him up. And, oh yeah, in the Japan-D Russia one, nothing, and it were like burning down Moscow as a result of pissed off. They were riding in the streets. They set on fire, Japanese restaurant there in Moscow. Quite by the Kremlin. I guess it'll teach them to try to export that sushi crap. Anyway, we had 1262 votes on a poll. What do you smoke? What do you smoke and right now? What's the water Nazi smoke and that our logs are disappeared? We don't even have a log for this show today. Maybe we got one here and took the logs and the balance for life's acts. Yeah, that could be. Somebody stole our balance for life's acts and the logs too. Anybody buying that? No, I don't think so. We have crappy security in this building, especially over the weekend. And everybody's in here. Anyway, we asked, what do you smoke? I don't smoke anything for 153. We got a healthy audience man. Almost 36% of the audience isn't smoking anything. They're not going to damage their logs. Just because George keeps trying to influence them. Well, he tries to influence him because it's good for business. Uh, 102 people smoke pot just pot that 16%. Of this audience, so just a bunch of potheads. cigarettes and pot just make sure that they're the square they just squirt their lungs. 120, 9.5%. cigars, my kind of people, 119.5%. I used to smoke cigarettes but quit 110, 8.5%. I used to smoke pot but quit 94, 7.4%. Probably with the economy, or they couldn't afford anymore. Or maybe they're just going to fart. Although a lot of the fart smoke pot don't they? I don't know. Yeah, sure they do. I don't know what I need to do. Oh, come on. A lot of old, you'd be amazed. I would be. cigarettes, 90, 7.1%. cigarettes, only. But if you take cigarettes and pot that's 210, it's almost 17%. And cigars and pot. I'm not done when you come down. cigars and pot. 56, 4.5%. And I used to smoke cigars but quit and just like I told you, very few of us smoke cigars and actually quit. Well, what's the point? You're not going to inhale them. And it's not like really smoking them constantly anyway. Only 18 people, 1.4%. Of course, we used to have like a real good cigar sponsors over the years. And then of course, so we had problems with that. It's big enough problems. What are we going to do about that balance for life thing? With no black sack today. Try your really shooting yourself in a foot baby. You make it a bad, bad mistake, Troy. Because the beast is really doing it 32 pounds he's lost in less than three months. He's a shadow of his former self. He started, I believe, the 286, now he's 250. No, he started a 284 or he's 250 too, right? Yeah, right. Got my numbers right. See, I haven't lost contact just because I'm up here. Those assholes down there. Oh, he's got to lose contact with what's going on. In fact, I got a story today. That's the epitome of everything that's how Florida's all about. What's about? I give up. It's from the Sun Sentinel. It's about the condo turns it else only and then they're trying to kick out the Luba couple just had a baby, the young couple. Yeah. Yeah. Same old, tired garbage because that's what South Florida's all about. It's not a place for living and breathing people for young people. It's a place for people who are either brain dead actually dead or waiting to die. Because it's just a stupid place. That's what it is. I saw that story. I said to myself, Jesus cried. It is really behaving or what? Same old tired crap over and over again. The one hit misses, I think is going to be good this week. But we don't want to do that today. One hit misses? Yeah. One hit wonders. The hits and the misses. I didn't get to that part of this website. There's really good website. It's classic rock.about.com. And then you click on the hits. And it's got a list. There are 39 that I counted on here. Classic rock. One hit wonders. T-Rex, Vanga Gong. No, yeah. Zagre and Evans in the year 25, 25. There's not, well I won't say there aren't any. But generally speaking, this list of 39 almost never. I'd say like 35 of my really like a lot. Looking glass, brandy. It's like they poured everything they had into the one song. And then when I can't stand, is a mungo jury in the summertime. I hate that. Oh, come on. Oh, nobody was blocked for it. You liked that song, mungo jury. I did a hundred years ago. What were they waiting for today? You mean I hate that. A piece of turd. Speaking of turd, log out at wqm.com and start playing the Toyota Baseball Trivia Challenge. Weekly prizes include, Go for four, it's Shulas. The grand prizes that trip for Tune in the Yorker of Labor Day weekend. To see the Marlins play the Metz or log on and start playing at wqm.com. You welcome Clarence and I'm probably thinking for Clarence. Who always gets me my checks early. I should help you remember that today was payday. You know what? Today's the 10th. I just mentioned that in passing because he clearly said like our permanent program director like Muff. He's not going to come running in there and say, Oh yeah, it's already was mailed out. It should have it by now. I don't know. See if it was Muff, he'd be running in there like with tears in his eyes. Because he kind of acted stupid once in a while, you know. 11 minutes after 9 at 5.60 Wqm, here's a simple question. If somebody offered to give you several thousand dollars over the next few years, would he accept it? Yeah, I'm sure you would because it'd be a little stupid. Not to do it. Stupid. Don't be stupid. Which makes it really foolish to pass up an opportunity to refinance a by-home just 3.95%. Here's the deal is a fanning a program out there. 3.95% both for refinancing and for the purchasing of homes. Think about it just 3.95% and all you have to do is confidential group. It's a toll free call. 1-800-9405363 and they'll explain to you just exactly how this works. It's 1-800-9405363. To be more specific, you can get yourself 100 grand with payments of only $475. Or get 200 grand with payments of $950. You'll save yourself a crap load of money and it will be downright stupid to pass up an opportunity like that. So do the math and do the next logical thing. Get all the details by calling financial group toll free 1-800-940-940. That's 1-800-9405363. There will equal housing letter, queter restrictions, do apply and wait to some... We'll be there. No portion of this program will be the advantages of our property. No, no, no, no, no. I'm WQA and BZ-Vodka Scroobe Incorporated. You're up, yeah. In the wind, say it long here, you know people eat now a pot. Wow, look, my food footballer, my cool, with here is an agricultural pot. This is a new black-a-ploss, with a young man and a whole crew. We're now opening my jacket at the house, neck. I feel a thing as room. Time's time, way hard inside. I am a silly program in my mind. In this story, you'll have me in the house. And the wind's in all the sluggers will fire outside. While I jump the fence around, you'll shout it. Way to really bite. Home for a fair, sweet, full of people who share it. And the new and new lives have a good face. They've made me some kind of old, blind blind when it happened. I am so proud of my mind. In this story, you'll have me in the house. We'll kill the baby. Oh, man, how many of those kids you read? Can't both will be the most free. You should talk in times. What means the most you've been? Clear the green, clear the long hair. In the wind's in all the sluggers, cause you ran out of teeth. I know I already have. In the 1980s, 560, WQM, I said I want to go away and he may not pick the release of his Consistent. He was an asshole when he came to town and he was still an asshole. Maybe just a little bit bigger, a lot bigger than he was when he got here. Now that's not true. We like him for about five minutes. Remember those days? I remember. You like padded on at ballspot and said, bro, we like you. You like sandy claws. Now we turn out that he was like, an asshole. So a science by the five-man electrical band. That's another one here wonder. Right? Human beings, nobody but me. That's a great song. That's been used for about 8,500 commercials too. And every movie and all over the place. Yeah. Do you need a center of the mind by the Amboy Dukes? For that was out freaking standing, you know? Yep. Never heard from them no more. Amboy Dukes, they're probably like 85 year old. In fact, they're probably a little bit cemetery village by now. What year was that? That's not out of the... Oh, I forgot up in the book. Not gonna pick up that book. It's right down there on the floor. Not gonna bend down. Here's our full question today, Eric. Speaking of people that won't bend down. How do you rate the job president portion as administration or doing? This is kind of a gap of filler before we start the thing with EO. One hit wonders. Come on. Okay. Fuck that's because I don't have the book. Although I do actually have enough here to start. What do you think? About starting it today? Yeah. We certainly have enough to start. You don't want to do the thing on Bush. You don't want to do a little Bush bashing today? Oh, it's fine. Are you kidding? Both are here. Here were the choices that I was going to give. Excellent. Okay. Fair. Poor. Or he's a bozo on a disaster. Sounds great. Yeah. Let's save this for tomorrow because I want to get a little more organized with a one-hit one. There's I want to get the book. Here's our full question, Eric. Like I said, how do you know what I mean? Everybody's talking about the failures of the FBI and the CIA and that thing with Carl Roe vapping up his mouth and Eskvar magazine and all I don't know wasn't the car was Andrew Card. I'm sorry. Uh-huh. Warning about Carl Roe taking over the whole place. Now that Karen used to go off to Texas and this guy has got any idea what does going on. We're talking about the president. What the? Like that. Oh, it's speaking about NATO. You assholes that voted for Ralph Nader. I got a great Ralph Nader story too. Eventually I'll get to it. You know something I just have too much stuff today. We might have to for and I don't have a schedule either. I should point out. We got no schedule. We got no log. We got no black sack with a fool from balance for life. I think the whole place is going to hell on a hand casket if you ask me. There's sure a lot of stupid things going on there. Man, I think I'm not there. By the way, there's a building wide search for the logs. Yeah, I would imagine. You thought we had an inquisition before what those emails. Man, we got a gigantic inquisition going on now. They got the hell out. In fact, we probably had to bring over some of the people from power so we could make it in an end Georgia, we could involve two and a girl. We could make it an authentic Spanish inquisition. All right. Miguel's not here all week by the way. Why is that? We're seeing on the patient. Yes. Well, good for him. We'll be back till Tuesday the 18th. What kind of vacation is that? That sounds like one of those long extended jobs. Like I'll get a vacation. He must be catching on. Nice going, Erma. Here's that pole again. One more time. Just in case Eric was busy with the Eggmuch muffin. I found another McDonald's yesterday. Not that I ate there, but oh, God, disgusting. They're everywhere. I mean, like, you know, if you're cleaning out like a cabinet similar to home, you might find a Golden arch in there, somewhere when you least expected. They're all over the goddamn place. You try to try the new grilled chicken flatbread sandwich. No, I did not. Now, why are you talking about food just because your sack is there? And already, Georgia's trying to sabotage your weight loss. Here's a guy that's done so well. We're trying to save his life. Was just a big blob of turd. Now he's a somewhat less well, he's lost 32 pounds and doing great. And just because the black sacks didn't show up before the show this morning, George starts talking about, Wow, I wasn't even hungry, but all this food talk. Well, what are you going to start? What are you talking about me sabotaging it? You guys were the ones bringing it up. I never talked about food. These suggested way in Arnold's and pizza loft. Yeah. And we're not here. I can eat the one of them. I'm telling you right now, you're not getting to one of them. So he actually suggested that we get something healthy in here. And so I'm going to work on that. Like balance for life. I think that if that would be good. I think if we rip him a nice enough, certainly Troy's got to be listening right now, would even his bad haircut. Hey, Troy, there's no black sacks at QAM. You asshole, you idiot. You psychotic idiot, in basil. How do these people supposed to stay on the street? No, thank God, they're spot. Now, look at that. It's coming up shortly. 940. I don't think that the sack's going to show up by 940. How about some fried chicken? Fried chicken? You crazy? Are you nuts? How do you rate the job on it? How come I'm asking this to pull now when I heard that voice? How do you rate the job president portion as an administration or doing? Excellent. Okay. Fair. Poor. Or he's a bozo in a disaster. That's all one by the way. That last. We don't want to have two separate categories. Excellent. Okay. Fair. Poor. Or he's a bozo in a disaster. I'm thinking real hard about my vote. So already it's not even 930 yet. You learned that Bob Carlisle, the one who sang the original butterfly kisses. They didn't sang it. He talked to that guy. And I forgot that already. Well, I'm mentioning that again for you. Bob Carlisle. One hit wonder. And that wasn't one I sound as list by the way. It's when I discovered myself in the book. I was just coming through it in the book too. I could do that right now. Only while let me get to some of the stuff I got. Please. I got a story here by Mark S. Rose from a new book. This is from the New York Post. Except from his new book. Michael Rose. Good bye, good men. About the priesthood. Man, it is just enough to make your flip your your thing. That's a gay club you more. I haven't told you for a long time, but it really, it really spells it off for you. And grizzly terms. Speaking of grizzly stories, Girl refused bathroom past May so teach you. Did you see this story? No, but good job. Sue away. This is in the hero of no less. Oh, here's the schedule. Let's hear it. All right. Let's see if we had more this morning. He's done. I mean, he's show is done for this morning. Joe Rose for a see. It's a good thing. We got this schedule. I wouldn't know that. The mad dogs off today. Boy, you were ticker was like summertime or something the way everybody's like school off. And I'm sitting here. I didn't even realize. And I got a big smile on my face. We wanted to watch already the tenth of June. Rims would spoon. And come like July 2nd. That's my last day before my two months summer like today we think starts. Yeah. Tussed as a whole, there's like a week off before that starts July 9th because the fourth which would be my first show from Amsterdam is July 4th. It's a holiday. Am I working on a holiday? No way, Jose. So that sounds very promising to me. Speaking of vacations, Little dog Joe Rose this afternoon for a mad dog will be back tomorrow. We got heck of chillers at three this afternoon. Josh Friedman proving that not everything is nothing is perfect. He'll be on just for half an hour, seven to seven thirty. Marlins on Dec. 730, 805, the Marlins at the world's Kansas City world. What is it, great rifle? No, brother. This inner league play. Some of it's okay and some of it really blows. Ed Kaplan right after baseball and then Joe and Mark the Judy boys overnight to talk about Amber Lynn. And a lot of other crap like it. Well let me get to this story. I don't have time. Don't let me forget girl reviews bathroom pass, Mason teacher. This is a positive young middle school. And guess what you did. And then we're guess what she was forced to do right in class. That's a little clue for you. Okay. All right. Is that enough to make you want to scream? I've been close. So enough to make me want to sue the guy. Damn school. Let's how pissed off and fired up. I am about that. Kind of teacher is that anyway. What kind of a freaking school is that down there? Does anybody speak English at that school? No, probably not. It's from my mom went to middle school. You know something. I don't know if it's because you're working at morning show. And I've been studying to sound like Robert now. Is he that was cruel? You know something. If I've told you once I've told you behind times that he started to sound a little bit like Robert. He is. So what are you getting for lunch? Right chicken. No you're not. You better not get paid out of the pipeline. Look if anything will get a nice salad. Maybe a chicken salad, chicken Caesar or something. No dressing of cool. Yeah, about to know what he's meant. Sounds good. I want to see that guy then. Troy walking that door. And the next five minutes with your black sacks is what I want to see because they screwed up big time. And there's one place of all the delivery spot. He's got that he shouldn't be screwed up until a QAM because let's face it. Let's face it when your car puts good crap. You can do a lot of different things. You can help out the other pages and play Russian with your valuable company. Not a good idea. In fact, it's kind of stupid to do that. Or you can pick up the phone or call our good friends to dry concepts. That's the smart thing. That's what I've been doing for over 20 years now. Every time I finally get fed up on a carpets looking smell bad enough and you finally say, Uh oh, can't handle this anymore. And of course not only they look and smell bad, but also the dirt and the germs and the dust. The cause your allergies to really swell up and get out of control. They're all buried down there in the fibers of your carpet. So if you want your carpets looking and smelling just like brand new, do like I said, the smart thing called dry concepts because they dry clean your carpets. That's why it's called dry concepts. It's the same concept that used to dry clean your clothing. And your carpets drying just a couple of hours. They smell a lot of fresh. And because they get out the deep down dirt, weight on it and the fibers of your carpets. Your carpets stay cleaner longer. They last longer than a, uh, are just phenomenally looked just like brand new. And of course, don't be fooled by those 599 specials. Believe your carpet soaked for two days. And when up ripping you off a day of the job by tacking out all kinds of extra charges. Because dry concepts of a written guaranteed fee right before they start to job. No bad surprises at the end is the beautiful brand new looking carpet. And they also do a Spanish job with in your future furniture and drapery too. Like I just said, so picture yourself in your carpets to a spring cleaning today in Broward called dry concepts at 9.5.4 or 3.70778 in date and Palm Beach, column toll free 1.800, 2.485071, 1.800, 2.485071, clean today and. Same. But the same Bernard. The mad dog, we tasted one unsports retail 560. The UAM. I don't care go back to Canada, you're too bastard. Put on my final ones and out, head of full street. Just to doubt the best of hustler and out, start a movie. I'm so liassie people, check it out my fun vassie. Yeah, I got a first class riser, it don't pitch the 10-months. They're all sporting a movie. I'm finding it impossible to look and see how I'm sporting a movie. I feel like an absolute hour will. So the ghost of the sea, he was sporting one to follow him up to the gate to the prison. Just to see what he would do. Just close the face to the demon. As he headed for his room, he's screaming. There's a prison that goes straight and follows post. Down in the jungle room, we're sporting one to his and man fest. It's still impossible to conceal a sporting one to his and man fest. I feel like a match-o. Without a wheel, sport food isn't bad for this. It's almost impossible to conceal. It's going to go in his and man fest. I feel like a match-o-bout. Okay, I'm sure you know who to do with your old bad, don't you? Walking in Memphis? Oh, I knew the guy was named, but I hated that song twice for got it. May 25, 1991, that's the week it hit the chart where you got it. It's number 13, no matter a fact. I give you a little bio and then of course you'll absolutely still not know who to help was, right? Born in 59 in Cleveland, pop-ops rock singer, a writer penis. Said he had a great penis. On the 1991 best new artist Grammy Award, which goes to show how much they knew. Nothing. Mark Cone. Oh yeah, C-O-H-N. That was a medley of his smash, walking in Memphis, and I was hit. That was the end of him. Don't see him no more. Maybe he's hanging out with Elvis. He's either hanging out with Elvis or maybe he was. Jesus Christ. One of the other. But one here, no Mark Cone, no more. Do you want to know another one? Okay. This could be a lot of fun. We could, we could grab this out all the way to the third of July. I love it. I love it. But as well, it feels like a holiday here in the building. Yeah, what's going on there? Do you want to first of all, you come in much later than usual this morning, which is really nobody's business. But I found that to be a little bit of a district. Yeah, I got hung up. He got hung up, and probably I made a deal around the corner with one of his Jamaican friends. And then he tells me that there's nobody there, and there's no log, and there's no black sacks. And there's no cars in a parking lot. And what else? It seems that some of the stuff may have been removed from talents and mailboxes in the control room. Some of the stuff may have been removed from talents mailboxes. And there's right here's the logs. Oh, so in other words, there were people in there like thieving in the steering over the weekend. Maybe because it's not certain. We're not sure. Well, that's the preliminary evaluation of our acquisition. Okay. That's a strong word though, thieving. I like pulvering better. There were a lot of people pillvering over the weekend, and they're in the yank and stuff. There was a lot of yank and going on. Well, who the hell would do that? For how? No, seriously. How can they get in? I got an idea because these are the other people have those shows on the weekend. You don't have all the little boyfriends and girlfriends and in-between's come in and hang out. Uh huh. Never while with those people, see when logs and things like that. Maybe maybe she's kids winner this weekend. That could be it. They're a little old for that now. I would think. No, I don't think they're ever going to outgrow that. Less crane. Desitter water. Remember that? No. Nineteen 71. Less crane. It was like a talking thing. Don't you remember that? No. Originally. No, I don't have it. Originally a piece of prose. Desitter water. It's a thing where he talks, uh, I don't know. Anyway, he was a less crane was a TV show. Hosty was an ABC's nightlife, not nightline in 1964. Do you remember that? No. Desitter water? I would have heard it, maybe. How about Tom Cochrane in life as a highway? Okay. I don't know. Not a bad song. How about 1985? Cochrane when your heart is weak. So who killed Tom Cochrane? I don't know, but I must have been right after you or they recorded that song. Pop group from Los Angeles, Cochrane. Oh, there are so many. There are so many. We could kill months. Norman Conner's. You were my starship. 1970s. I remember that. Chris Conner. I remember that. Wait before your time. So, how about your vocal Brian remembers that? What year? 1957. On Atlantic Records. Chris Conner. I miss you so. Wait, Conner. Somewhere in my love. 1966. That was from a doctor's job. Remember somewhere in my love? That was the first. I actually had a doctor's job. I was talking to my brother. I was talking to my brother. I was talking to my brother. I was talking to my brother. We could just kill a whole rest of the show. The Dan Lears and one summer night, 1958. One summer night. That was before your time. Great song. I still remember it. Do you? Well, I mean, in replays obvious. How about David and David? Welcome to Bloomtown. No. Welcome to the Bloomtown. That was 87. You should know that. It wasn't that big. Bobby Day, rockin' Robin. We had the Cochrane. How about rockin' Robin? You remember that? Sure. Corny but still. Can't rate Corny? Okay. I'll work on that. That's going to be a mammoth project. I'll tell you that right now. A gigantic project. Almost as big as the acquisition that's going on a QM right now. About who stole the logs and who did all of their buddies' meal. And maybe even some of the emails. An attorney for Ponce Daily on Middle School of Students found notice the pseudegural's Math teacher and the Dan County Public School System. Because the girl says her teacher refused to let her use the bathroom and forced her to have a bowel movement in class. This is one of the worst stories. The suit seeks unspecified damages for humiliation that seventh graders so FIA Goudira such E. suffered, Coral Gables attorney Jason Sechtin said. So FIA 14 says she had a stomachache April 24, but her teacher Edwin Victor Lewis did not give her a bathroom pass. So FIA says she acts several times until Victor Lewis was an emergency. So FIA also says Victor Lewis humiliated her in front of the class by saying, if you can't hold it, you should be wearing pamperes. Can you imagine if your daughter had a similar situation in class and the teacher said, if you can't hold it, you should be wearing pamperes? I don't want to imagine that. Yeah. I guarantee you'd be right down there with a piece. Yeah. So if his mother Judith Goudira was furious when she heard her daughter's story, she says she wanted Victor Lewis to make a personal apology to Sefe and front of the class, but that never happened the family says. Goudira's went to the school and talked to one of the vice-principals demanding the school of apologizes well, who request wasn't taken seriously, she said. I was totally upset by this Goudira said and she should be, by the way, by daughter's never had a conduct problem. The teacher had no reason not to believe her if she said she need to use the bathroom for an emergency. Officials with the United Teachers of Dates say that Victor Lewis, a union member, laid defended by school district attorneys even if she's also named individually in the suit. Who she? Huh? I don't understand that. This is in the Harold, by the way. So if you're trying to follow that, I don't know. Victor Lewis did not return from Carl Seek and come and like Greg Reed. Sophia who had a B average racket and mixed an A's and B's in conduct under last report, heard? Seach had been uncomfortable with the school since the incident in this more than 12 days. School officials say that Victor Lewis is the teaching for more than two years as a complaint free record. Ponce principal, a manual girl, C.S. is teaching the Ponce can give bathroom flat passes. During class at their own discretion for emergencies, he added that some teachers are more strict with passes because some students use them as an excuse to get out of class. If the parents for valicum fourth district can become more responsive to parents, said Bernard Prolemotid, director of the Children of New York, when it could be you who I'm law school, a student soon their teacher is not unprecedented. I've never heard of a case like this in date, but with a fourth largest school district, so I wouldn't be surprised if it happened before. All she added to was take like a, like a crap, that's all. They choose calling, maybe it happens to the best of us. She met happens, man, and he said, you know, if you can't hold it, you ought to be wearing pamper's. I have to go down to and just slap the crap out of him, you know, that hyphenated piece of turd. 20 children imagine. Sorry. So let me ask you since it's time for a 20-tilted QAM time for the valence for life's time for the black sac show up here. You got a fax from Troy who's very upset and he wants us to call him so that he can get to the bottom of it. He ought to be upset. He's going to be alone or I'll tell you what I rip on ask. Did they show up at my house Friday night to leave me the stuff when I was down there for five days. Did they show up? Leave me the weekend food? No. I could add Saturday and Sunday. I could lost actually a couple of pounds. Didn't you show up? We love valence for life and the beast is doing great on it. The food is delicious. In fact, the stuff they brought me from Monday through Wednesday was great. Didn't I rave about that great or that fantastic egg for young with your tummy, whatever was in it? That was unbelievable. Did you get that too? It was great. In fact, I wish I had that right now and also the wraps. I'm going to tell you the wraps are phenomenal. There was like a turkey pastrami wrap or something like that. There was sensational. The omelettes in the morning are great. All kinds of good stuff. They provide all the food at valence for life. They bring you three hormone-ly balance gourmet meals. Two delicious snacks, even a 60-ounce bottle of water. So you have plenty of food to keep you going all through the day. It's in that little black sac. You don't have to worry about shopping or making any choices. Accounting calories or carbs are doing anything because all you do is hopefully the little black sac is right there with you doing at home at your work by 60-clock in the morning. Believe me, they will never ever screw up again. At least not with us at QAM or... Or... You know what we could do? We just call them stupid. Right on the air. That's what we do. Of course we have any other choice, stupid. Anyway, if you want to be smart, call balance for life and start losing weight like crazy like the Beastness doing. Here's a man who right before your ears is saving his life. 32 pounds off. He's like probably can almost breathe a little bit right now. A little bit. Even in spite of the who are cool loss over the weekend. They're well too bad about that they suck, okay? So get with the real control and proven weight loss and eat healthy lifestyle. And don't forget they've let you choose between 12 tennis, reach, Melee did the joint program. So with great news if the black sac shows up. Get in shape for some are starting right now called balance for life. 9-5-4-5-6-832-29. That's 9-5-4-5-6-832-29. Or check out their website at balanceforlife.com and say a little prayer can... Barland's travel to Kansas City to battle with a royal scum with 36730 on sports video 5-16-Q-A-N. Me on God. Are you ready for the blues? This weekend your PBS station presents the famed Kansas City Blues harmonises. No tear Johnson in. Get ready for the blues. Yeah, did you think? You don't know why they're ready for the blue, yo. What's the best thing to do you guys are doing the balancing wine? Do you think they're ready for the bath or the bath? Yeah, you can't see a woman with your best friend. You know what the blue is all about. It's not easy to get ready for the blues. That's why, nose hair, Johnson and others take three hours talking about it without ever actually playing any music. And then you guys would get thrown out your mum a few. Fine, I'd you got a bonus sensation, you mojo. Run out of spray paint. Is that a huff and wall of color, man? Then you know. You ready for the blues. Get ready for the blues. This weekend on your PBS station. Make possible by a grant from the Chub group. If you had the kind of money they do, you'd have a Chub too. 9.45, look off at them, blue with baby. I think that's a good point in there. Anyway, here's the fact that says I tuned in the WQM for the first time in a long time this morning and I said to myself, Joey Reynolds is back. Come to find out later it's Howard David. They both sound the same. I don't think Howard used to sound like that, but then we'll table it right me. And it had an effect on his voice. I don't think he sounds anything like Joey Reynolds. No, no, not at all. No. Thank God for that. Thanks, Alfred. Small favor, small. I just talked to Troy from Balance for Life. And what did he say was he apologetic? He's very out of breath. He's very upset because he and he well should be because I'm going to carve him an ass. He knows that. According to his manifest, everything was delivered on time. He's talking to the driver right now. Make sure and check up. But everything was delivered according to his record. Well, now wait a minute. Just a second here. Let's let's get involved in this inquisition a little bit right on here. Is it possible that the food was delivered and somebody dick with that also? It could very well be knowing this place. Since we have all these things that have vanished, the logs are disappearing and people's mail be disappearing and maybe the little black sacks be disappearing. Not that anybody even probably even knew what was inside. Just out of spite. Maybe we got some O'sha on provocative tour in that place going on now. Maybe. But Troy is he's very upset. Or maybe he's a delivery guy just wrote down, you know, bunch of stuff like he delivered to him. He didn't do it. Maybe that's it. Maybe he ate it. Or you'll destroy the benefit of the doubt. No. Okay. Absolutely not. You kidding me? He's been clever. Have you ever seen him? Have you ever seen that haircut? No. Got all mighty. Anyway, here's a thanks from Ron. Who says he's the Camerole SS guy. Do we know what that means? No. I know what that means, Ron. But thanks for he's got a good list for it. Anybody that's got one hit wonder stuff. He can start facts made in today at 305, 65 or 190, even though we're doing a different pool today. We'll start that tomorrow. Once I get the book and then not only that, I'll give me some time to do some homework. I'll go through because you'll notice just in a couple of pages and go through my top 40 book. Look at all the good stuff I found there. But they're all a crap. 44 votes on our pool. How do you write the job that President Bush in his administration be doing? He's a Bozo and disaster 21. Excellent. 12. 12. Okay. 7. Okay. Fair 3 and poor 1. So here's the list from Ron. A little bit of soul by the music explosion. See, I'm going to have to verify those and find, you know, by looking up in the book, making sure that was the only hit. But I'm sure in that case, Tracy by the cufflinks. Yeah. You remember that, don't you? No. Tracy that and then. Oh, that wasn't it. That was something. Something don't be hero. Was it what was that call it? Billy, don't be hero. But it sounded kind like that. If I had it here, you'd have recognized it. Winchester, a cathedral and Ron didn't know was by the new Vaudeville band. He has a question mark. Shame on you, Ron. No one did drive a Cameroon out of Corvette. Bonnie implied by Georgie fame. Excellent. Reading himself there real quick. Get together by the young bloods. Very good. That was a big hit. It's a special by Terry Stafford. And Elvis sounded like that was a good song. It's a special. A little green bag by the George Baker selection. I got one of those. And double shot of my babies loved by the swing of the Italians. For this is excellent. I love that. I love the music shows. Because it kills a lot of good time. Speaking of killing good time, this guy damn Ralph Nader. And I'm going to say it again. You ask holes out there devoted for Ralph Nader and help make a bush president. Be scientific. They stole Florida. Just you people frost my ass to show you what a total asshole Ralph Nader is. I read this to a couple days ago was right after um, Game six of the Western Conference and B.A. did you see this beast? He let the room. What do you mean he left the room? Oh, don't tell me he had a. Gee if he can't hold the yada where a papar is said to work. Okay. He didn't tell me why he was leaving. He just left. He left very suddenly. He started at a little bit stupid. Better watch it. Better watch it because he's producing a mo show and if he looks at mo cross side one time that will be the end for him. He'll be finito. Ralph Nader, this is in New York post today, editor by the process matter of fact. Ralph Nader, the self-sile consumer affairs crusader and green party presidential candidate, has a new cause cleaning up officiating a financial basketball association. Huh? Yeah, a poll by the number of fouls called against the Sacramento Kings in Game Six of the Western Conference Championship series with the L.A. Lakers, Nader's demanding an official review. Nader believes that the public's confidence shaken because of corporate misbehavior demands greater impartiality and professionalism in sports. That sense was severely broken during Game Six he complains in letter to when B.A. Commissioner David Stern. Actually, the Kings received more fouls in Game Seven, but couldn't hit their free throws grounds for another investigation? It's quite clear what's going on here, Nader almost single-handedly made the trial orders what they are today. His dubious probes of the auto industry in the 60s and 70s and his hordes of public interest research groups helped ignite the litigation explosion in our hobbles legitimate business. Does he need to make pro sports next? Last year, one baseball fan sued another one over one of Barry Bonds record-breaking home run balls, will later now help spur lawsuits over calls from referees and umpires? Whether it's the assembly line or the basketball court doesn't matter, Raph Nader is unsafe in any arena. What a great short but right to the point editorial in the right way in New York Post today, I love it. And a lot of you clowns out there, it's not a lot, but some of you bozos out there voted for Raph Nader. Remember some of those old grizzles for its colleague and after the election and trying to defend the indefensible about how come why they voted for them and so on? If I live to be a thousand. Shame on you people, shame on you! Who did that song, shame on you? Give me a moment. Now you're looking at up in the guy, no no, I had no book, be still verified. He is that guy. You got a book there, but I haven't had nowhere near me. Well, I have my book in my hand right now, just put them on. I made it around the other side of the song, and shame on you, the rest of the one me, by Bobby Bear. There is no such song, shame on you. No, I'm thinking of it. I've made you think of it, but that's because I just painted the scene you brain. No, no song, please. Go song or soul or something like that. I heard in my head. Shame, shame. You know something, I think you're right. They're shame. Shame on you if you can't dance to, I'm thinking of it. It's some shame by Evelyn Champaign King. Maybe that's it. And then Zane also recorded shame, but it wasn't called shame on you. Well, whatever. See, once we start getting the music, it's just enough to drive up the wall, go to your nuts. You can lose it. Let's see, making predators, I better not start doing this one right now, because it's too long, but it, believe me, the leave me will capture your attention. All here's some good news. My home all level, since everybody's concerned about my, my costwell was only 207, which isn't that bad. Not, it should be under 200, but 207 for a fatal swab like me, and I'll add bad, especially all at nestleys, total, which I did again this weekend. Also, I got that, I couldn't resist. I'm in my supermarket, and I'm looking at it, and now why did I stop and look in the ice cream? Why did I do that? Because I went to my dominion store, and I walked, I marched right past the ice cream cooler, I flew by there. Although out of the corner of the eye, I did see the half gallons of nestleys, short life, and all that will be the end for you. I flew by. But then in my other supermarket, I walked in here, and I, I'm looking at the ice cream thing, and it was like, nestleys flavors, but not total, and I thought, okay, I'm safe. But I looked on the labels, you know how in the front of you looking at the real small print there, they label what everything is supposed to be. Right. And it said nestleys, total. Well, some other kind of flavor, so I moved the first one out of the way, and low and behold, guess what was right behind it? nestleys, total, God damn it. A leader. I said, take me to your leader. And of course, you're going to say, well, you didn't bring it home, but you told the thing, I want to see it. You're right. That's like a little more than a chord. A chord of ice cream, is that, is that disgusting or what? Sounds good to me? It was good. It was outstanding. You'd love it. But my home-all-level, since I'm taking my full-acassied with these, that the sundown product, which I gave me the wrong name, I'm going to have to go look at a bottle. Now, normal is 4.3 to 15.3, but you really wanted under 10. And in spite of a lot of the cardiologist out there who are most of my real assholes like my former doctor, like Dr. Dick, who are obsessed with cholesterol levels, it's quite a batch. Just like Dr. McColley, a Kilmer, a McColley, a Culkin, a Weber's name, is says, Homocysteine is the real marker for heart disease, baby, for heart attack. And my homo level was 7.4. I think that's the second best they've ever had. How do you like that, huh? Awesome. Not because I'm doing anything all I write, but because I'm a little not bad at full-acassied everyday. I popped those things like crazy. See, I'll tell you, there are two or three things. So make a fish or else, I don't want to get on this nutrition crap because I'll audience likes to eat. But the Omega 3, 6 and 9 fish or else, the CoQ10 and the folic acid, those three things when you can actually see a difference in the way you feel and also your body chemistry based on supplements, then you really can pull through these asshole doctors and other jerks. And I don't know what they're talking about, who say, oh yeah, that stuff, all of a dozen video healthy, toilet pool. It doesn't the way I think is your pee right out. Wrong. You wrong doctor. By the way, I got to tell you from now until a little about October to find a doctor down there, you think there's a chance? There's a chance. See, the good thing is I don't really need you to doctor that much anymore. Now that I got my friend in there, lab there or a collaborator, it's thanks again, I'd you the best baby. 9.56 and 5.60 WQAM. If you're tired of hassles with your cellular phone service, if you're tired of that $50 a month, then you thought you brought, which winds up really cost you hundreds of dollars a month, then get on the team with team cell tech at cell tech communications. You're authorized next-to-ell representative. For over 25 years, cell tech's been providing cell photo with the best service, they take away the hassle from dealing with the cellular company, not to mention the expense too. And right now, next-to-ell shared rewards plan, nausea to share 4,000 monthly minutes with free incoming calls for only 54 or 99. Cell tech's got a great selection of other plans, no matter what you're budget, with most including free incoming calls, nationwide long-viscence, collar ID, voice mail and, next-toes unique direct connect to a radio feature. So whether it's one phone, a thousand-a-resilian phone, take it from me in our very own, starting quarterback J. Fever, who's all over the place. He's got his finger in every slot you can find. Cell tech communication, you authorized next-to-ell representative is the only smart way to go. Call 1-800 cell tech-2 today and get yourself connected. That's 1-800-CEL-TEC and the number two. Cell tech communication. 5.8 WQAM. 1.8 WQAM. 5.8 WQAM. 5.6 WQAM. What wouldn't believe a word Neal said if the whole room was no surprise? I sound kind of like Gene Hackman, but I'm not. And the name of our company kind of sounds like Lowe's, but it's not. It's Lowe's. The Lowe'sik home improvement store. Whether you're looking for a cheap nail gun that hits the mark about 80% of the time or so, So, or advice from a numscal who doesn't know what that hell he's talking about. I can just grab the saw, and I'll squeeze the trigger. Go ahead. Everything you get from blows blows. Who gonna help next? Heesh. Remember, I'm not Jean Hackman. And we're not Lose. We're flows. Ploes. Proving. We don't know home improvement. 10 out to 5 60 WQM now. Our audience blows. Look at these effects. You just facts to me. Do you think they're having a little difficulty understanding when I'm talking about? I'm talking about one hit wonders. Facts me are suggestions for one hit wonders. And we had a couple of good facts. And now here's one that says, how about F2P rat patrol, Father knows best and leave it to a beaver. And here's another one that says the untouchables. Maybe it affects the wrong side. Right. By the way, an update on the inquisition? Yes, they're now going to the video tapes from all the video cameras. Good. Excellent. There's been some real dittler around in. You know what it strikes me? Probably a disgruntled X employee. Is that what usually happens? A lot typically. Somebody that still has access to the building. Because no stranger, no outside of would come in there and dittler with the logs. They wouldn't even know what a program log looks like. I mean, they'd see it. They wouldn't even know what it was. Am I right? No. Or the value of it. Think it's all in the black market. Yeah. You mean an EDR? Maybe that's what they did with the black socks. Yeah. Maybe they took everything that was black. I don't know. But it looks to me. Now, see, this is a question of who do you believe? You know, do we believe Troy that is delivery guy showed up? Because they didn't show up at my house so that a weekend Friday night. He's so up for a straffer. They're not telling him you were going to be back Friday. That's a lie because George knows better. They fact me sample menus to fill out. And I told him to George. I said, tell him, bring it. They know what I like. Bring whatever they want. I don't need to fill these up. Remember that? I remember it. Yeah. Troy was here. So I don't give me a song to dance about that. They didn't know that I was going to be there. They knew I was going to be there. They screwed up. They f-top. Okay. They f-top. F-trupe f-op. Speaking of f-n-up 89 votes in our poll. So far, how do you rate the job that the president and his administration is gang of Nazis are doing? So I mean, his administration are doing so far. He's a Bozo-Eyes, a disaster 40. Excellent 21. Okay. 17. Okay. Fair 7. And poor. Four. New York Post making predators. How did the Catholic Church wind up with so many predator priests? Some shocking answers can be found in good-bye good men. Michael S. Rose's new book I'm now f-n-s in the Church's seminaries in American and Europe. To preserve confidentiality, some names are pseudonym. The issue was never one of my subillicitability for the nation. Rather was the gay click that, but given veto power for who got ordained, says Joseph Kaleni, former seminarian, Edmundaline, seminarian Chicago, this is to put it mildly. That's a gay clump you moron. How can any healthy heterosexual seminarian expect to be properly formed and prepared for the Catholic priesthood when he is constantly subjected to that which is so clearly contrary to church teaching and discipline? How many heterosexual seminarians or the Oxford not have decided to leave the seminarian abandoned their vocations because of the gay subculture they were forced to endure because they've been harassed or even molested? We're not talking here about the presence of a few homosexual oriented men who conduct themselves with perfect authority, rather they exist and intents and often threatening atmosphere. According to former seminarians and recently ordained priest, this gay subculture is so prominent at certain seminaries that these institutions have earned nicknames such as Noter Flame for Notre Dame seminarian New Orleans. And theological closet for theological college at the Catholic University of American Washington, D.C., St. Mary seminarian Baltimore is earned the nickname, The Pink Palace. Yeah, I'm with you. Father Andrew Walder ordained for the D.C. of Bridgeport, Connecticut in 2000, spent several semesters at the Baltimore School as a seminarian for the D.C. of Patterson New Jersey. The problem was so bad he explained that some of the students and faculty used to get dressed up in leather to go to the block. Waldermore's equivalent of 40-second street man, hadn't. Seminary and sometimes accompanied by faculty members would do this regularly while to explain they would meet in the foyer and then head for the gay bars. The situation is not new and the claim is not uncommon in March of 2000, Father Andrew Greely, a well-known liberal presocialologist from Chicago, testified that seminary professors tell their students that they're gay and take some of them to gay bars and gay students leave with each other. Walder said he tried to explain to his bishop Frank Wattimer what the atmosphere of the school was, with such an open acceptance and sometimes encouragement of the gay subculture. My constant thing to the bishop was that this is not just about homosexuality, this is about an agenda in a celibate seminary, it's something directly and conflict with the teaching of the church. These people are promoting this conflict. Father John Traglio of Harrisburg-Pencil Vagnodize, remembers visiting St. Mary's in Baltimore when he was a seminary in Pennsylvania. There was no discretion at all he said of the gay subculture there. The few times that was there, some of the seminarians would literally dressed like Gays from the village. They would even go so far as to where pink silk it was like going to see La Cajja fall. In my day at St. Mary said father John disparred now a religious order priest from the southeast down the hall there would be two guys together in the shower and everybody knew it. Seminaryants who accept the churches teaching on sexual morality have not only been dismissed from seminary as trouble makers, they've also been threatened by classmates and faculty, especially in religious houses, that if they did not submit the homosexuality to a spouse and defend homosexual acts, if not take part of them, their priest they careers would be in jeopardy. In the mid-30s James Dessegar attended a Midwestern seminary in his mid-30s from the time he first arrived there he found that his Orthodox views of the church were outwanted. He was even accused many times of leading the younger seminarians away from what the formation staff was tried to win still in them. But they were trying to stick in them. During the second year of a seminary studies it was visited late La Al-Bon Knight by three of these younger seminarians who looked up to the Dessegar some of an older brother and role model. Taken off guard Dessegar was frightened by what they had to relate. They began to describe how the college director had been forcing them in a sexual situation and how they'd be gunned to wish they were dead he'd be called. Having a background in social work, Dessegar took to sight of the seminarians and spoke to them as any counselor would about the empowerment of rape victims. My main instruction then was that they had a right to say no. He also advised that none of them informed the director that they had spoken about the sexual abuse because it would mean vocational death to them all. Eventually however one of the young seminarians let the information slip. From that time on my life became a living hell at the seminary he recalled, Dessegar soon asked his diocese if he could transfer to another seminary. At first they seemed happy enough to accommodate however one dessegar we see this final evaluation it was terrible. I'd always received glowing evaluations in my prior reports he explained. Dessegar figured that since the college director knew of his knowledge of sexual abuse of several seminarians he had decided to sabotage Dessegar's vocation. The vocational death he had predicted some months before came to pass at least for him. Charles Enderby a former businessman from Ohio was in his 30s when he began his Novit, what is it? Novit Novitiate? What is that? A new guy? Some Catholic thing. For an East Coast religious order in the early 1990s he was immediately struck by the outwardly homosexual mannerisms of some of the other novices. One of them Joseph Mercado had worked as a massage artist before entering religious life actually brought his massage table to the Novitiate interviewer called. While Mercado was only mildly open about his homosexuality, France, Asher was militant. Enderby described Asher as a little man in his early 40s when a highly inflected voice. He had ascetic humor said Enderby but consistently mocked church teaching on celibacy and particularly like to mock mother and jelica. One they he even said he wanted to make sudden dresses out of the altar linens. According to Enderby Asher began almost at once to harass Jeffrey Raymond who Menderby regarded as the only novice other than himself who was definitely not part of the dominant gay subculture. Feeling threatened Raymond confided in Enderby, he told him that Asher first was trying to convince him that he Raymond was a latent homosexual who just needed to accept being gay. With Enderby's assistance Raymond was in early 20s brought a complaint of sexual harassment of their novice master father, SIX this. I wonder if he knows the asdicous. Although we act of concerns of a thetic said Enderby the novice master took no action. Asher's harassing behavior continued in a second complaint was made of father's sixties. This time the novice master appeared less sympathetic. He literally threw up his arms and asked his related enderby what he was supposed to do with the vocations office kept sending him gaze. When Raymond and I complained the third time said Enderby father's sixties threatened the kick us out. He was very angry with us and we realized then that our novice master would do nothing to solve the problem of homosexual harassment. A few months later when a cold night in March of 1994 and we recounted, Raymond and Asher were watching TV in a community room and each had been drinking wine. After Raymond retired to bed that night Asher ended Raymond's room uninvited the doors had no locks and sexual elicidum. The next morning Raymond angry and rejected told Enderby what had happened and informed him he was leaving religious life after a few brief words with father's sixties, Raymond bought train tickets and left never to be turned. Although Asher later attacked and raped another novice at Enderby he emerged again with impunity, not only was he not asked to leave he was promoted to the position of dean of novices, a position that hadn't even existed before that said Enderby. In other words he knew his positions. The orthodox seminary in his presented with another predicament in this regard if there's anything devied or immoral going on with a seminary, it abresented the attentive of his superiors he's likely risking expulsion. Many members of seminary faculties don't appreciate those who go to the superiors with complaints especially about sexual foibles. Reflecting on his experience at Mount Angel seminary in Oregon, father John Lewandowski remarked many of my fellow students reminded me of the three monkeys, one with his hands over his eyes one with hands over his ears and the other with hands over his mouth. The maximum sceno evil here no evil speak to evil seems to be a standard survival tactic in the seminaries. Yet that type of information doesn't exactly prepare a seminary in to be a bold preacher of the gospel. Nevertheless that's the environment in which many priests are being formed today. Those are excerpts from Goodby Goodman, a brand new book by Michael S. Rose and New York Post today. Going to go on by the book? Me? I sure am. Okay. It's a 12 minutes after 10 at 5.60 WCW. Don't forget logout to QM.com. It's their plan to do it at a baseball trivia challenge. Weekly prizes include golfer forward chulas. The grand prize at trip for two New York over the day. We can see the Marlins and the Metz. So log on and start playing with it at WQAM.com. You know, mattress shopping is really stupid. At least the way most people do it because they waste a lot of gas. A lot of time and a lot of energy too. Why should you want to do that when you could just sit there on your lazy ass and make what easy phone call to our good friends at dialometres. 1-800 mattress. Easy to remember easy to call 1-800-MATT-RES. You'll be immediately if not soon or connected to a betting expert who's only job is to set you the best name at present on VDB price. They're not selling a lot of lamps tomorrow and sof is on Thursday. And take it for me when you call dialometres or be talking to people. We know they're crap. They got all the top brands in a business. Certainly Simmons and King Coil. So do like always do when your mattress is lumpy and they're giving you back all kinds of heck. Pick up the phone call dialometres and get the best new mattress in the universe. Like I said at an unbeatable price. And don't forget you pick today and the two are wonderful delivery when it's convenient for you any day seven days a week and you also get that 30 day unbeatable in home Comprehendation and test your mattress the only smart way by sleeping on it. So whatever you do don't pay stupid by the mattress the smart way by calling dialometres toll free. 1-800-MATT-RES. Check them out on the web if you like. Add mattress. Any 100 grill up. I am a hammer and it's easy free. I'm sports ready. 5-6-2-A-M. New. YAH! Come in to me, too. Where are you? We got some work in the town. Hey, school! Pick up the beat. Pick up the beat. Pick up the beat. It's not the same time as now. It's not the same time as now. Okay, school. Let's get with me. Looks like we've got another misplug. We'll screw that. We'll take the girl this way. Yeah, I know. And screwing a male going the other way. Cool! Hey, school, we smart the glue. There's a school we start school. No, no, no, no. Yes! Yeah, that's it. Let's go. I can get girl-be. I think it's girl-be. Girl-be, guys. Really? I think it's girl-be. I think it's girl-be. You're saying it once, and you're saying it again? Girl-be, guys. Really? This is a girl we did for us, no fail work. Yeah. Why don't you try dancing on it instead of my feet? Oh, no, no, no, no. I can't do it. Oh, no, no, no, no. I can't do it. Oh, no, no, no, no. Oh, no, no, no, no. Oh, no, no, no, no. No, no, no, no. Oh, no, no, no, no, no. Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no. Oh, no, no, no. You're moving control. Just fell on the floor. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey, hey. Hey, school-be. I promise I have a phone. I'll be right back. I'll be right back. You'll be right back. Shut up, you'll get a hole in yourself. Come on, shy. Come on, shy. Let's dance. Let's go. Wait a minute. I think I found the clue. Why? Nothing will get him in without creepy voice. Not even a few seconds. Well, almost. Cheers. Go, Scooby-go. We'll be done. Mr. Rea's house will Scooby-go. Be ready, boy. Don't hold back. Let's Scooby do it. You come through. You go and I have this up as Scooby's dad. Scooby's dad. Hey, Scooby. Pick up the beat. I'm thinking this mystery is pretty close to being soft. What the shit. Oh no, cheers. Come on. Almost cooked. Almost cooked. Not gonna do the dishes. I don't know. Scooby does the dishes. I think you're. I It's true, but in this way, in the track, they're off take your go. 18 at 5.60 WDQM Happy Monday, too. What a great day, man! As sun is shining, it's beautiful. It's going to be like 26 today, what's that? 79, Fahrenheit? I guess. Last time I turned it. What do you mean you guess? You better get it. I don't understand. I know what you're bringing. You're bringing a little bit. If you're going to be, if you're going to redeem yourself, you have to be the one that solves this mystery that's going on that building now. I'll be shaggy. Isn't an amazing harmony in positions if you're going on there to last several weeks in at the QAM building? By the way, something. Yes. I just talked to Troy from balance for life again. His driver swears the food was delivered, so he will make new sacks and bring it on over right now. How do you like that, boys and girls? The food was delivered and the sacks had disappeared. The logs disappeared. The mail. The mail disappeared. Nobody has been dicking around in the QAM building and believe you me. If you think that Greg went nuts the last time with his inquisition, there is going to be an investigation going on right now that even Shilak Holmes would be embarrassed by it's going to be incredible. It's what it's going to be. So have us been dicking with all the stuff down here at QAM. You better watch it because you're going to get it. I say we nail him up to across right there. Right there, kitty corner, Chuck Subcenter there. On a corner of Ivory Road in 441, we have a little chunk of lawn over here. That's part of the building. I'd like you right out there at the intersection would be good. Real heavy duty crap going on. Here's a suggestion for you by the way. Don't pass me any more stories. Any more pre-stories today? Oh, I only fetched you a couple of the 10 that I've just got. Well, don't pass me any more. Because I got enough pre-stories here. I got pre-scuming out my ass. Okay. I got enough stories here to take me until seven weeks from circus. By the way, before we get to that and also the area in a huffington, which I can't stand or but once in a while she writes something pretty interesting, did the drug war claim another 356 casualties and 911 she writes, which I think I'm going to get to that in a second. But before that, our sugar hunger was out of control. This is the examiner, one of my very favorite tabloids. Guess how much we eat and this is a good one for the beast. Guess how much sugar each American eats every year. It's an average number, of course. How many pounds? How many? I said 800 pounds. Not seen how you just being silly. Stupid. 212 pounds. The average American, we're not doing so bad. The average American eats 150, 2 pounds a sugar year. That's 30 more pounds in just 20 years ago. I'll see the beast said, how much did you say 212? 1212. That was you before a balance for life. No, that was, that was more like 312. Food companies took out the fat, but then they replaced it with sugar. You'd be surprised at all the healthy products that are loaded with sugar. Everybody knows about soda and candy, but not a lot of folks realize many foods like yogurt and power bars, cereal, sticks, gelatin cups and putings are loaded with carbohydrates, which convert to sugar in a potty. So a lot of those sugar free, like chocolates and a lot of those other sugar free products I've been trying to tell you for years are going to kill you because they're loaded with carbohydrates and convert immediately to sugar in a potty. They're going to kill you, baby. I'm telling you that right now. Don't blame fat all the time when you're croak on your deathbed because I warn you by the way, how about some Nestle's turtle sounds good? Sounds good to me. Well, as long as you're going to croak anyway. And why are they making a bit all of this? This son of a bitch, this richard, what is his name again? Also his stick clots. He's clots. Oh, god. I like him. You like him? I think he's quirky. He is the most obnoxious human being on the face of the earth. He even makes Osama Yamama look like a good guy. Richard Quest. This everything that's wrong with the Brit. He gives me the schmets. I'll tell you that right now. Richard Quest. Who used to be on CNBC the European version. That's why I saw him first over there at Amsterdam. And now we get the great players since he jumped ship since CNN has picked up every loser that ever came down to Pike. They got Richard Quest down there. Bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, man. You like him? I think he's a quirky funny guy. I think he's a family. So John Lesley, you know, and as Jack, he was the one who gave the game away earlier. Last week. But he said he's a pro that he did. Yeah, I'm out of here. Anyway, Arianna Huffington writes, the Phoenix memo the Rauley letter, the Oklahoma Red Flag, all of them elements in this true and tragic story of fumbling feds that has more smoking guns than a Quentin Tarantino movie. So why did the FBI whose job it is to find smoking guns fail to see the smoking guns popping up all around it? And announcing his big reorganization plans, director Robert Mueller seemed to consider the FBI's tragedy of errors, a question of flawed management flow charts, note nothing that re-a re-geared PowerPoint presentation couldn't fix. But there was a much more fundamental problem plaguing the Bureau before 9-11, and it wasn't one of office politics but of office-wide priorities, namely the agency's crippling addiction to America's war on drugs. Is this exactly what I've been screaming? Yes. While Osama Yamama Vin Laden is al-Khaida, minions were diligently preparing for their murder resmission, the FBI was looking the other way with equal determination. More than twice as many FBI agents were signed to fighting drugs, 2500, and fighting terrorism 1151, and a far greater amount of the FBI's financial resources was dedicated to the war on drugs. And this pathological prioritization of the drug works that it well beyond the allocation of money and manpower, it was ingrained in the culture. Counterterrorism units were treated like the Bureau's ugly stepchildren, looked down upon by FBI management because they weren't making the kind of high-profile arrest that's Bruce Upper Supervisors resume and make the evening news. Let's face it, cambetsing flight schools and searches suspicious students is nowhere near a sexy as one of those big drug busts with a bags of coke or bales of pot-piled high for the cameras. It's now painfully clear that were tear-warning signs of plenty, but they were disregarded by distracted FBI officials who had their eyes on a very different prize. In Phoenix were the now infamous Ken Williams memo originated. Counterterrorism agents complained bitterly about the reference being given the lowest investigative priority by a supervisor who preferred glamorous drug fighting investigations. Even though the anti-terrorist squad was understaffed, having been a sign only eight of the division's 200 agents, it had managed to infiltrate groups' suspected terrorists through the use of paid informants, including a man with being trained to be a suicide bomber. They had also uncovered local men with ties to the World Trade Center bombing Sheik Omar Abdel Rostman, and a very lengthy anti-American Muslim organization linked to Al Qaeda. So what was their reward for all of this? Regular head-butting sessions with higher ups who blocked it having to allocate resources for information that didn't lead to immediate arrests. Albed W.S. to donuts that the Phoenix agents, donning out cash to drug casings, is very rarely ran up against the same sort of resistance, or one veteran terrorism squad member described as micromanaging, constant indecision and stonewalling. Meanwhile across the country in Boston, ride hijazzy in a minute al Qaeda member who would become an informant exchange for avoiding jail, trying to warn FBI agents about a terrorist and sympathizers, particularly not be a lot more robber member of an al Qaeda terrorist cell who was arrested in the wake of 911. But the FBI wasn't interested in hijazzy's terror leads, the only wanted to hear what he knew about heroin being smuggled in New America from Afghanistan. And it wasn't just the FBI, this drug war overallist mindset infected the entire law enforcement community starting at the top. I want to escalate the war on drugs set at Attorney General John Ascroft and his first interview after being nominated to the post. I want to renew it. I want to refresh it. And he was true to his word, witnessed the $43 million dollars the Bush administration gave to the Taliban just four months before September 11th, which we talked about a lot on this program, by the way. Sure there was a small detail of harbouring a guy named Bin Laden, but the Taliban had agreed to ban the production of opium poppies, and so the drug war was trumped the terror war once again. So this kind of thinking was, is this kind of thinking finally a thing of the past? Yes, I'm not so sure. Even after last week's highly touted reorganization, which included the reassignment of 400 narcotics agents to counter terrorism, there will still be 2100 agents spending their invadible time and energy fighting a fruitless drug war. This despite the fact that combatting drugs didn't even make direct or Mueller's official top-end list of priorities. Which raises the question, if the drug war is suddenly low on the FBI pecking order the cabani white collar crime, number seven, protecting civil rights number five, and taking on public corruption to all levels number four with a bullet, then how come one out of six agents will be still working that beef, the numbers just don't add up. According to high ranking FBI officials, Mueller originally intended to pull the plug on his agencies, involvement in the drug war, shifting every one of his counter narcotics agents to counter terrorism activities, but was talked out of it by drug war generals who can admit defeat. Not only should the White House follow through on Mueller's instinct and choose the war on terror over the Oregon's drugs, they should insist that the FBI are new kinds of people to fight this new kind of war. Nearly re-assigning traditional FBI agents to fight terrorism isn't enough. Former Senator Gary Harder co-chair the US Commissioner National Security told me the new counter terror team should be more like the Delta Force, not stand at issuagents and dark suits and ties, but young imagine in a 21st century investigators recruited from outside the bureau. At the same time, we should make sure the administration doesn't just transfer the drug war and it's attended lavish funding from the FBI to the DEA, which will note doubt show up on a hill any day now looking for more money to take up the drug fighting slack. As the sering budget deficit reminds us federal coffers are not a bottomless will, everything comes with a price. Sadly it's looking more and more like the price of the drug war may have included the 356 lies lost on 911. Excellent. 1027 at 560 WQAM. You heard me talking about a big one, everybody wants to have a big one and you can have a big one too and just a few short months of big paycheck. The demand for certified computer professionals is through the roof, fits scar rocketing, so pick up the phone and call our good friends at fast train, toll free. 1-866 Fast Train. Some of our classes are forming right now if you call you can be certified in a brand new career before the summer is over. Fast train offers Microsoft certified instructors, for convenient locations including the brand new campus and Kindle, job placement assistance, they may even be in classes too. And for people whose job was affected after 911, fast trains and operation paycheck training provider. Call a fast train even to call us free. The Lancer Audio question is 866 Fast Train or check them out on thewebetifastrain.com. They can have you certified and ready for a brand new money making career in as little last four months. So, call em today and get you self-starter on the road to make some cash. Call 1-867 16 OR Telecom 966. Wanna laida pop little boys? Nevero aptInTV A prejudice I had my share of marginal bras, but you're more ugly than the Budweiser brawl. You said I dropped my pants and gave it a lift, but I'd never show it to a skinky bush pig. Monica Lewinsky is more mom-tase. She looks like Linda Ross neck with a smaller waist. A one-door thing, a morango. What comes out of my ass looks just like your nose. A liar liar, a handsome bar. You're not the confirmation that I would desire. You know, no, no my top. I do see you. And somebody facts as me a list of, uh, number one hit, uh, best one hit wonders. You got that right? I got it right here. And I was on it, original iron. Oh, that's right. You got how I already saw that. By the castaways. This is pretty good list. Time will let me by the outsiders dirty water by the stand-ills. Earth angel by the penguins. Roll watch your by the occasions. Weanard lady by sugar loaf. Double shot of my babies love swing him a dead end. Great song. Outstanding. Remember that? Yep. Be purple. No tempo name for Stevens. Lairlier. My bell on me by the T set. We have to find what? We have that in here somewhere. Well, don't, don't, don't knock yourself on. Sorry. I ran all the way home by the impalas. More today than yesterday by the Sparrowster case. Little star by the elegance. And a little bit of soap by the Jarmels. Outstanding list. Thank you. 27 to 11 at 560 WQM. Your inquisition station for the new century. Where the crafters keep going on. It just, I don't want to go into it. But it does make me feel very glad that I'm not there to see the fall out from what happens every weekend. I mean, this weekend was extreme. You know what's going on? Thank you, AIM. But every weekend's a nightmare. Speaking of what's out Florida's all about. Here's the epitome of it. This story from this come Sentinel. Pines condo turns adults only. Then targets couple with new baby. Pembrpines. Where I used to live and where George also used to live. Maybe if the beast is lucky enough, someday he'll live in Pembrpines. Maybe. Yeah, when it gets to be like the five, maybe he can live in the cemetery of villager there in Pembrpines. So, uh, take that, take the T-set to the T-Rollman flush it. Right down the turret. Okay, hate that. Look what else we got here. Green Eyed Lady. You just said sugar low. I think that's what we're bringing in what Troy's bringing for lunch, by the way. Yeah. We got a low for you, Troy. We're working on a big one right now. Now, see, don't be blame in Troy. Yes, to take all the heat for last fall. Although I'll tell you one thing, nobody stole the food from my doorstep that he did not deliver last Friday night. He said Troy straffered, said to him that he'd be here Monday. I don't want to go back into it. Okay. I don't want to go back into the whole place. He's very upset over the whole thing. He should be. And I was upset too, because I expected my goddamn food and look at all the crap I had all over the weekend while I was there. I like a goddamn pig. And I want to have my black sack. I'm gonna edit, I'm gonna edit minutes to my life. Troy, I blame you, personal. Songwriter George Whiting was living in some Florida condominiums when he wrote my blue heaven under another one of my favorites, fat's domino, but not a one hit wonder. My blue heaven in 1923 love song that says in Baby Makes Three, had even here he would have had a right and baby makes zero. Just as Daniel Cruz, 27 and Elizabeth Cruz, 24, condo owners of these sprawling Hollywood golf and tennis club. They bought their units for 49, 5 and 1998 when they were newly wedged. They love the amenities and the fact that their mothers lived in the complex. It meant that when the time came, there would be two nearby baby sitters. Just a little leftover flim from last week. Though Hollywood was known as a havin' for active retirees, active retirees. It had no age restrictions. As original owners died, their air sought to unload the apartments at low prices, which was learned younger couples. Two years later on February 4th, 2000, the complex voted to become an adult's own community. Current residents were grandfathered in, but babies were not. Babies were not. Six weeks ago Elizabeth Cruz gave birth to megan their first child. Now the association that runs the 1932 apartment complexes telling them that either the baby must go or they must go. What would your choice be? I'd leave. How about forcing a kid down the toilet? Well, why sell an apartment to a young couple that just got married, put them through credit and background checks, and expect them not to have babies, Daniel Cruz said, that's what young couples do. That's why they screwed their brains out and they make babies. Ah, sometimes even when they don't want one. Last week the Cruz has received a letter from the Association telling them that they were in violation of the rules because a child under 18 was living with them. A lot of the child remained a letter said compromises, Hollybroke status as an over 55 community. Federal law requires at least 80% of the units in a complex to have at least one resident over 55 to be considered adult only. I got to read that again. Federal law requires at least 80% of the units in a complex to have at least one resident over 55 to be considered adult only. You follow that? Okay, I guess that's the rule. Well, give them a 60 or 90 days to find a place to live association president Carl Sheckler said if they don't, we'll turn it over our attorneys to get a quarter. I remember stories like this years and years ago when I was on WS News 20, some years ago. I remember grotesque, horrible stories like this, and it's still going on. The Cruz's attorney Leonardo Renault said he might try to fight the order, although he'd prefer to resolve the situation amicably. They are owners, not renters, it's Callos he said. Their daughter is just born and they're telling him to move. In fact, I remember the one story where some people had a pet monkey in the association said the monkey was okay, but people had a baby and a head made them move out. That's the true story. That's the true story. Old enough to know better. Oh, maybe the monkey might have been a senior citizen, I forgot that's right. But the board's attorney Gary Polyakov of Fort Lauderdale said a January third ruling by the Florida Supreme Court makes it unlikely the Cruz's could win in court. The unanimous landmark ruling upheld the right of condo association to change the rules, even if they have a negative impact on some owners. A rule change doesn't harm anyone's rights to court said, because condo owners are aware that rules can be changed. Yeah, right. What kind of a stupid reasoning is that? What about if the condo says, if you're under 90, they're going to kick your ass out. The Supreme Court has said that when the covenants are amended properly, it's binding and all owners even those who bought with the expectation of having children Polyakov said. Although the Cruz's dispute to the equality of the vote result in the age restriction, shekker said everything was proper. 83% of the people voted in favor of banning everyone under 55 and everyone had the opportunity to vote he said. If you have a child before the effective date, the child is grandfathers and checkers said, any child coming in later by birth or any other reason can not live here permanently, period. The Cruz is called a station, the situation, and the station ridiculous. Both grandma's live here, there are sitters, so the baby will be here anyway said, Daniel, file clerk for law firm, who hopes to get his bachelor's degree in Information Technology in October. This was our little paradise because it was affordable, has everything we want, and look at the beautiful view of the lake in golf course at Elizabeth Cruz, a student at a local fire college, and a unit coordinator at Pemberpine's hospital. Did you know we had a fire college? No, I did not. Well, now you do. Elizabeth said she'd been told several times by doctors that she couldn't get pregnant at megan's my little miracle. The couple's looking for another home while I try to sell theirs in case they lose. We put it on the market two weeks ago already. We had nine calls, Daniel said, but everyone's under 55 and everybody's got kids. Well guess what? It was about three months of unpaid maternity leave, but she's going back to work six weeks early because they'll need the money to move. Shector said the condo association got no choice, but to force the family out. We're not commandos. We're not doing anything to try to hurt them. We're just enforcing the rules and prove my own, as you said, if we make one exception left to do it for all. You are commandos. You asshole. You're a commando and you're a fricking asshole. How do you like that? You disgusting old fart. Oh, I hope you get bleeding. Bleeding hemorrhides. Okay. Check ass. I hate condos. I hate the P.I. to all whole thing. How's mom doing, by the way? Twenty-be-four, eleven and five, sixty. Oh, wait a minute. The David was just discussing of using one of those radioactive disbursement devices. A dirty bomb. These senior officials saying they have no evidence that those radioactive material. Yeah, this guy that they just named asked cropped me to big deal. They just named the guy who was like planning on doing a dirty bomb deal. We got one. Let's hear it. Now let's get back to the war on drugs. You know, summertime's here, man. Now what's it like down there today? Is it the run? And hot. And a rain and thunderstorms were... Hot suffocating, humid, unacceptable. Well, all of you, men's a product that will make you feel your best to keep you in good health even in the Hades, even in South Florida, in paradise. All of you, men's a soft gel capsule that contains pharmaceutical grade olive oil along with vitamins and minerals and rebels to promote health for all different parts of your body and your system and your thing. They've got one that helps you prostate, one for your heart, one for your blood pressure and one for your cholesterol. Oliwebeds also got supplements to promote health and your circulatory system. Your digestive and endocrine system, your skin and bones, even your mind, all using the benefits of pharmaceutical grade olive oil, the best of money can buy. And Oliwebeds got products to both men and women too. It's available all over time because more and more people are starting to pop it in their push so pick some of today's Walgreens at Whole Food Market's in rural pharmacy or sedanos. And you can call this number to get more information on the products how they work and what they do and where you stick them. Call 1-866-Oliomed. Or to the products off their website, it's easy. Just log onto it. Locations. Another dick in the White House? This fall on Fox. We can slink sound here so now you can catch Ann Robinson on a whole new game show. You are the week of thinking about the news. From the producer of celebrity boxing and the director of who wants to be a millionaire. It's two ones to beat the crap out of Ann Robinson. Oh no, what the face? Who wants to beat the crap out of Ann Robinson? I am black and blue. Goodbye. Good. 1045 at 56. They hope she winds up like Mike Tyson. 277 votes on a survey speaking of dumb. Speaking of stupid things like that. We asked how do you rate the job that President Bush and his administration be doing? 94 out of 207. That's 45 at that percent. He said he's a bozo and a disaster. 42 said excellent. 41 said okay. Okay. 18 said fair and 12 said poor. So not took good in this crowd anyway. Now the Bushies, they're all over there with what's his name with Bill O'Reilly and with Fatass Limbaugh and with Norma Kent. Don't forget that Norma Kent show it's almost over today. Did you take a look at this before you affect this? This is just a 1970. No, I looked at it. The one hit wonder thing. I think I've bitten off a little more than I can chew. Like I don't say. 500 entries were going to happen. 5000. This can go on for next like four and a half years. Oh, things like to me. The five stair steps, who child? Pipkins give me that ding. I don't know from that. Do you know give me that ding? Nope. Wadsworth, manchin, sweet Mary. I don't know that either. Norma and Green bombs spread in the sky. I've already got that Jaggers and the rapper. Shocking blue and Venus. Marmalade reflections of my life outstand Edison Lighthouse together. Mountain. Mississippi Queen. How about to marmalade on the beast's head? And it's freshly shaved, too. I don't know. Really easy. What the marmalade of the head. Does he wax it? I think he oils it. I'm old natural baby. Don't step on it. Mountain, Mississippi Queen. Mungo, Jerry, I already told her, hit that. Frigid, pink house of the rising sun. It only teach them to rip off the animals. Frigid, pink with a J. White planes, my baby loves love and boy. That was a great song. Remember that? Of course. Lynn Anderson and Rose Garden. Hate that. Can't stay in country music. Titer retired by life and kicking. In the end, it wants me by our Dean Taylor. That could be the one. Don't you love that? The sirens going into background. Sounds like something we ought to be playing a QAM. With the big investigation that's going on right at the inquisition. It's enough to give me to play that bit again. As the years go by by Mash McCon. I don't know what that is. Do you know that song? Nope. Mash McCon. Never heard of it. Bobby Bloom, Montego Bay. Terry, I don't want to hear. Don't play that. Not a few value your job. Free and all right now. And the T-Set, my bell, my bell. What am I doing that? I'm tearing this up. Oh, none with your list. That's what I saved it. Eric suggested one hit wonderscentral.com. On that, that's the website. One hit wonderscentral.com. I have one no one said yet. Yes, and all time favorite. From the great song, Tom Pony's. Close. Um. Uh. Yeah. What's it, Stunnel? Stunnel. Very good. I know the song. I can't think of the name of one hit a soldier by Colman. What's it? Soldier by. Cove and. Oh, yeah. Covent. Or is it covent? Yeah. I actually saw that in the book. It's funny you should find that because I had to be a middle thing. Because I saw that in the book before I forgot to mention that. One tin soldier by Colman. Very annoying song. It's not like the stone ponies. That didn't. Different drum was that's sung by the stone ponies. Yes, Linda Ronstan. And then two thirds of an estimated 50,000 respondents support the use of medical marijuana. I said, this thing that somebody sent me about medical marijuana. We don't care about that. We don't care about that. I mean, that's not the important thing. The important thing is that this war on drugs is killing us. Crazy. It's insanity. Speaking of killings, US based al-Qaeda agents may attempt it to subways of New York and other cities with a lethal nerve gas by independence day. A federal source in Washington told the New York Post yesterday. State and local law officials around the country were warned by the feds about the possibility of a new, of a subway attack allegedly intended to bring America to its knees and independence day. Said a new report by Philadelphia TV station KYW, which obtained the internal warning. NYPD sources said they were warned too weeks ago about the potential of attack by July 4th. But city cops have been on guard for a subway attack ever since 9.11. The NYPD and the transit authority beat up patrols and tightened security. It made your subway stops or terrorists could do the most damage. The transit authority could not be reached for comment from New York Post. Tom Jicker writes, I bet you shocked that I'm reading Tom Jicker thing you thought about radio. Of course, he never writes about radio. Very seldom. That's a good idea during the summer holidays. Let's all chip in and buy a radio for Tom Jicker. What do you say? Anybody want to donate? No. We can get to say people are donated to buy Moja Howard as a birthday gift. Yeah, there was a memo circulating around last week for everybody to chip in by Moja Howard a birthday gift. Anybody a cop up any cash? No. I did actually. And did they go to the get him? We got him a gift to get for a Tommy Bahamasher. Me and Dorine, Piston. Oh, you and Dorine. Yeah. Two fat people. We'll table and rate me. ABC's bachelor brings cattle called a South Florida. Would you like to choose a potential mate from a herm of 25 women or be one of the women? Opportunity Beckham's rights little Tommy. And yesterday's son, Sentinel. The bachelor book and duck casting calls for would be bachelor's and bachelor's rights from 69 PM today. At the Miami Beach Club level 1235, Washington Avenue and from five day PM tomorrow at Southwest forward out there by me, 145, a one-centromised bullet of art. You know where that is, don't you? What? Right by I 75. You know, right out there by the end of the sunrise. The second edition of the ABC program will be filmed as summer probably in LA for Erringing the fall candidates must be between 21 and 35 and of course single. Those have been previously married. Our eligible, but only if they have no children like at that condo place. Dress is optional. However, being dressed is required as crashes the bachelor might be. The auditions are public events. Anyone who wants to supply a picture presenting himself or herself and most platter we like is welcome to do so. There will be photographers on hand for those to wish to have a new photo taken to be considered by the show's casting directors. Candidates will be asked to fill out a questionnaire with pertinent details about themselves. There will also be asked other questions such as why they want to meet a potential made on the bachelor and to list three adjectives that best describe themselves. The application can be previewed on ABC's website ABC.com for Waterdale and Miami are among seven areas across the US at which the first stage of the adiritions will take place according to every representative of the show. That's the night 69 at the Miami Beach Club level 1235 Washington Avenue and 5 APM tomorrow at Saurgrass Ford 145-01 sunrise Boulevard. And good luck to you because I've seen some of you and most you'll need it. File of never again, but Murphy regards sexual revolution as factor in the abuses news day. At a special service of healing and forgiveness yesterday the leader of the Long Island Catholics said there were no excuses or justifications for sexual abuse by a priest but that the so-called American sexual revolution with all its permissiveness has certainly been a factor. As he stood on the altar of St. Agnes Cathedral in Rockville Center, Bishop William Murphy vowed never again the criminal be carell of trust and destruction of innocence of a child. However, he emphasized that the sinfulness of the human condition can at times overwhelm the best efforts in the total commitment of even all of us striving together. Similar masses which included special prayer songs and petitions were held yesterday throughout the diocese for victims of sex abuse in their families with more than half of the Long Island population that had been in fact in themselves as Catholic Rockville Center's the nation's sixth largest diocese. Recalling how Catholics responded to terrorist attacks of 9.11 Murphy said now we face another reflection of tragedy of huge proportions that a struck at the heart of the church and her life. He said the church needs to honestly face the problem, correct what is wrong and through penance, pardon and forgiveness we start the church to its true purpose. Making money. Only half the cathedral was filled for the 1030 AM mass which was televised live on the IC's cable channel celebrating the mass with Murphy was Munseni Robert Brennan, the new vicar general of the diocese. During his homily Murphy repeatedly said only a few priests were involved in abuse just like what Blutcher said on CNN yesterday I wanted to puk. What a suckhold you are wolf, you're a piece of crap. While saying there would be no excuses in no justification for at Murphy's cities, sought to explain how the church got in self into this state. The sinful condition of humanity is certainly at the base of this tragedy, more than three decades of the so-called American sexual revolution with all its permissiveness has certainly been a factor. A false sense of freedom and on healthy and sinful desire for self- gratification are all part of the problem he said. At the end of the surface his Murphy greeted personer's outside the cathedral, most wished him well and said they would pray for him however one tall metilage woman her face taught with anger confronted him. Your timing was off she said both my brothers were molested by priest before the sexual revolution the woman told Murphy before walking off. She declined to identify herself in an interview afterward but said she had traveled from another perisc specifically to hear Murphy. His talk was watered down it was mostly excuses she said what did the sexual revolution have to do with it people didn't go around molesting boys because of the sexual revolution. Other priesters offered little reaction to Murphy's mention of the sexual revolution and said he hit the right tone with his address which was applauded usually after unusual after homoia that's conclusion. They like this tone. This is exactly what we need to ask for forgiveness from victims and victims families to say there will be no more tolerance to this said NASA District Attorney Dennis Dylan regularly attends the 10 30 a.m. Dylan's office is investigating how the IC's handle abuse complaints praise Murphy saying he made significant changes he's been a positive influence during the crisis it's about time to acknowledge all the rumors and go to the pulpit ask for God's help they need help said I'm a great a church usher he and his wife will write a left a service. How do you like that? I see as they left I thought maybe they like walked out I guess not. So there you go more covering up like the dog at a backyard trying to cover up its tracks. 1056 and 560 WQM don't forget log on a QAmen sir playing the toy to baseball tribute challenge weekly prizes include go for 4 chillers grant prize at trip for two New York over Labor Day weekend to see the marlins play the game so log on and start playing with it at WQM dot com and don't forget Joe Rose for the mad dog one to three this afternoon. Aren't you excited about that very much so yeah I hear that Joe wants to get back into a radio full time. I keep it all you fat people yeah you're the one spreading the rumors what I'm here and all you fat people out there here's a still where you can shop and buy all kinds of great stuff and I worry about the same fan and that's the lights of West Boca and now it's splendid coming out. A lot of these dad products if drop those sweeters that were harsh on your stomach before me just sit on the magic throne all day long that's right now you can pick up all kinds of goodies that are almost no carbs and don't affect your stomach. The likes of West Boca carry thousands of dad products supplements vitamins that folks everything you need to lose the pounds you thought were so hard to get rid of a lot of the lights also carries the biggest selection of bakery products like pancake mix breads cookies cheesecakes brownies muffins and eclairs and the lights all clear sounds good you know I know place here where they got some real good and the lights also carries low carbon sugar free products like pasta sauces catch up crackers candy and champion life chocolate and their famous caramel ice cream too head to the lights of West Boca no forget you can try before you buy that is correct taste anything the store for free before you be buying it. The knowledgeable staff and the lights of put you on the right path to losing that weight call 1 877 low carb or check them out on the web at lowcarb.com or ready to give a visit hop in a car and head over to the store northeast corner of Glades in 441 the show until the PD lady sent you by 2D lights of West Boca. Thank you. Now rules just right. The manager I am a pussy. Hey do moth do moth do moth do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do Do do do do do do do try do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do people do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do you do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do that do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do you do Guess what name well, that all depends on which name you want to believe either his Arabic name is Islamic name or the name He was using here Jose Padilla Okay, yeah Jose Padilla with two elves baby and he was Apprentite was flying from Pakistan to DC and guess who turned him in his brother Abu Zubhata Really yeah, we're finally starting to get some useful information. Let's hear it good old Abu Zubhata always liked him. Okay, is that's one of the few we can pronounce the name And this is an asshole who was like working on putting together a suitcase bomb a radioactive bomb in a suitcase and that he was gonna unleash on Washington DC I like it when they call it a dirty bomb. Yeah, a dirty bomb a radiological bomb a suitcase I don't know how you want to call it. He doesn't have all the same legal rights. He does have the rights of a of a prisoner of war Yeah, well, that's fry is ass anyway. Okay, right just fry is ass. Give him a quick trial Oh You're gonna like this oh In fact, we're gonna hold rest of the story. We should probably mention yes Troy showed up with our food Why should we mention that because it's good and it's great and it's here and now we're all happy here Oh, thanks, Troy get out of there. Is he there? No, he came in left But to support a guy up and down inside ways that the food was delivered. Oh, I believe him. I believe because there are too many things missing their QM If he tuned in late, we have an inquisition going on now to try to understand and figure out and put together the pieces of the puzzle How come the program logs all disappeared and everybody's mail was all school and over the weekend and and the black Sex for George and the Beast disappeared So there's a major imposition going on right now making the most recent acquisition the Moahawan inquisition Pinnon went significance Speaking of inquisitions if I can get the story eventually from newsday Citizens armed with shotguns will patrol the streets of the heavily Jewish Brooklyn neighborhoods because of comments is suspected terrorists made about targeting them a rabbi said Jews with guns, baby The patrols that begin June 16th are in response to comments Abdul Rothman Yasin made to bring in everyone CBS 60 minutes June the tooth said rabbi Yaka of Lloyd found her in present of the right wing Jewish defense group Yasin who is sought by the FBI in the 1993 World Trade Center bombing said in an interview from a compound in Iraq that he and his accomplices originally targeted heavily Jewish neighborhoods in Brooklyn Boy They later decided to attack the twin towers because they believe most of the rock depends were Jewish as and said six people were killed And more than a thousand injured in the night. This is the 93 bombing. We're talking about the largest segment of the population in the Burrow Park and southern flat-boosh neighborhoods is Hasidic and Orthodox Jews there are 297 dogs in the area Hasidic Just bite your tongue. I'm trying to Lloyd said the street patrols will include 50 to 200 people of various religious faiths mainly Jews carrying shotguns in bags along with people licensed to one and carry other types of firearms Others will carry bats Pipes cell phones and walkie talkies and will patrol the streets daily from 9 pm to 3am except Friday, of course, the Jewish Sabbath Of course, and certainly not on your kipper This will be a very effective determine against terrorism directed at American Jews another targets Lloyd said The rabbi criticized the police department for not adequately protecting neighborhoods and said the only people of US is vigilantes already look at us that way anyway It is illegal to carry an exposed shotgun on city streets in your police department spokeswoman Valerie St. Rose said she said it was unclear whether carrying one in a bag is illegal Maybe that can do that in sunrise They can carry a piece in their bag I think they may already have a piece of that in there well monitor the patrols if there needs to be police action taken it'll be taken sets of same rows who declined to say how many offices routinely patrol the neighborhoods a community leader from Williamsburg another heavily Jewish neighborhood in Brooklyn City of poses The are patrols the Jewish community condemns such a thing We don't need it. We can't have civilians running around with guns. It's gonna look like they root here said Isaac Abraham What a great name that is a Isaac Abraham The Jewish defense group is a group of men and women who are proud to be Jews and committed to defending Demonstrating and rallying for Jewish causes and against anti-Semitism according to its website The JDG founded by Lloyd and Queens in 1985 says it follows the principles of the lay rabbi America honey founder of the JDL. Oy in January, JDL Chairman, Erf Rubin and a group member were charged with conspiring to blow up a mosque And the office of an Arab American congressman in California Rubin and his co-definite Earl Krugel pleaded innocent as scheduled on trial October 1 That's rural no relation to potato Krugel Hello, you do like potato cool. Don't you have any more that yes? We love potato cool on this show. I'll tell you that right now and home and talk So let me ask you now aren't you glad you didn't go ordering a bunch of fatening food that truck came by with your sack. I knew he'd come through I knew he'd come well better come through I'll tell you that guess who writes a peon posture like the New York Post even though it's real for more It's interesting to me my two favorite papers are the Toronto Sun and the New York Post and they're both politically very right wing But they're both great papers and that interesting I guess not I don't care about a new's papers politics if I want to read the opinions I'll listen to my own. How do you like that? Murdoch is a funny character because he's an asshole. Yeah, but he puts on good programming He puts on good very ultra liberal cutting edge programming and his politics are all ultra wide with all I do notice like I said a couple of ways ago Fox news has moderated quite a bit and As long as you view what like I said is a bunch of cartoon characters and you don't take it too seriously at least it's entertaining It's sure a lot more entertaining than CNN. Oh, CNN just absolutely blows and the sea will blitzkrieg on our yesterday with a story on the priest And he is his panel including that wouldn't benefit it. What you bet it is they're like their house more or less done there top a crap And that the closing toward the end of the piece wolf blitzkrieg says well, of course We want to make sure we emphasize it's only a very very tiny tiny just a handful of priests and the overwhelming majority of them are good upstand Yeah, right you should live so long you idiot you you pandering suckhole God, why hates CNN In fact, I'm gonna go on the other room and watch MSMBC right now You know if I had more time left doing the show from Toronto this year and for next year What I'm gonna do is I'll get the digital cable in all the rooms here Because I don't I don't have MSNBC on this is just a regular cable Okay, that's that's the only reason I want CNN is because I don't have a Fox news or MSNBC in here So we got this crap, Bodge area so it is not a nuclear explosion. Good. Thank God for that Guess who writes this thing? I'm gonna read Nick Mark Furman one of our favorite people Skakele family dump Michael he writes in the New York post yesterday Michael Skakele's family and their lawyers abandoned him. They threw him away They didn't have compassion or love for the convicted killer of Martha Moxley He would just someone who could turn his to family name They victimized Michael and in doing so they created the most most of the evidence that convicted him On the day Martha Moxley's body was found Ethel Kennedy was overheard saying this can't touch the Kennedy's That's as it all right there They don't care about the child they want to cover it up because it's just another dirty little secret They'd rather hide kind of like the Catholic church And last time I checked aren't they? I'm sorry First Michael was sent away to the Elon treatment center in Maine Then the family told people at Elana confirmed Michael about Martha's murder that was incredibly self-serving What they were trying to do is find out how much you remembered and what he would say and this is not his father rushed and senior This is attorneys Because Michael was confronted about Martha's murder other kids at Elana knew about it Which encouraged Michael to talk about it? He talked about it with his roommates when things were quiet. He talked about it with friends Then pathologist Henry Lee started making overtures about whether there was any DNA in the Moxley case Again the Skickle family responded with we can't have anything touched the family So they heard the investigative firm Sutton associates They didn't do this to help Michael either to make excuses for evidence that Henry Lee might find They had Michael changes story from I came home at 1120 went to sleep and woke up at nine the next morning to a most incredible story They actually had Michael go back out into the community Peep and Martha's window climate tree yell out Martha's name feel something evil in the darkness He went to all places where Martha was beaten killed or hidden very very crafty attorney stuff But at backfire they sharpened themselves in the foot Now we have Michael's cake. I'll put himself at the crime scene and every place that Martha was struck murderer hidden without it out Michael's cake will in the Skickle family convicted the Kennedy cousin The state did not convict him Michael's cake. I was supposed to be somebody's son and instead his family abandoned him because of his name Because they wanted to protect it and now all the people actually caused the cover up our free Someone should go after the parents the attorneys and the neighbors these people actually ruined this man's life He probably would have gotten two years in a secure hospital facility He might have gotten help. He might have done something with his life. How do you like that? Right Mark Furman and today yesterday's New York Post grew him anyway Not Furman, Skickle. Oh, I agree But the point he makes about the Kennedy cover up. That's the most important thing. Same old tired crap Very sad speaking of politics to 162 votes on our pool about our president Hey, how do you rate president bush and it's administration so far? How do you like the job there? Do you want? 262 votes 116 say he's a bosom and a disaster That's 44.2% of this very perspicacious audience if I say so myself 53 say he's doing excellent job 50 say okay 27 said fair and 16 said poor So if you take the city you got like 50% who say he's doing like your crappy job and then you got the the other 50% who say how can that be? Oh, I see fair work County fair and I'm out whatever And I got a nice back there for my close friend Bob Eisenberg. He said by the way my week still looks like a dead musk grant That's what it's in right to bottom of the facts But he said thank goodness. It's not the worst looking here piece in the building now anymore Tom layman's headed again, baby my good close personal friend Tom layman who loves me loves the show loves George and loves the beast. How do you like that? Huh? In fact, I think Tom layman intervene on your behalf George. Take it Tom. It's how it's 2002 neo Rogers Neil Deal blow out sale when it does blow it out. That's what I always say Stop a hall at potty at GMC 134 or one South, Dixie Highway. That's on US one across from the falls right now Where the lowest sale prices marked on the invoice on all 2002 cars and trucks in stock choose from 1.9% fine Answering or get you up to a $3,500 rebate if you like check out the complete line of GMC SUVs including the envoy was voted by motor trend as the SUV the year It's pretty nifty plus see the all new VBS UV as we've been telling us got the power of a sports car at a much lower price Hell, it's also got an unbeatable selection of dependable. That's the operative word dependable pre-owned cars trucks and SUVs If you've been here in town for credit at some scumbag car dealer because you're not good enough for them You're good enough for how it'll work you deal don't forget going on right now It's the 2002 neo Rogers Neil Deal blow out sale going on at Halipoddi at GMC 134 or one South Dixie Highway on US one across from the falls the same great location They've been treating people right and making great deals for over 35 years open every day of your life Seven days a week for more info call the new Rogers Neil Deal hotline He just wants me to keep saying that the new Rogers Neil Deal hotline at 1 888 534 42 11 That's 1 888 534 42 11. I'm gonna get you Tom Helled Pontiac GMC So far didn't allowing myself to go you, but I Any slashing tires on my cattle And help a deeper mission from that back gate you I confess Stockboard Rippons towards All I like that Rippons Rippons Rippons Rippons Rippons Rippons Rippons Rippons Rippons Rippons Rippons Rippons Rippons We contention Ripe assures All stolen Paint defendant Prince Ford Oh Helegant How a lot Hey Craig I was Georgia's younger-s I'm talking about women like he does every day Talk about women What Of course Creating positions Sport assholes where they can get some old ground holes Can't get permissions to make your choice go away So I set my feet in Gucci shoes And they do the times that they refuse At least that means suspending For a day I'm going to be responsible for this thing They're checking a video tape right now boys and girls They're going through the monitors And a video tape from over the weekend to see who didle with the logs And who didle with our black sacks That should be a piece of cake find out who took the black section Yeah, I'll be cameras right out there Because there are cameras right out there in the lobby So evidently whoever took this stuff was either so stupid Not to realize that they were being photographed as they took it or Didn't care Or we'll find that they were never delivered in the first place No, okay I don't believe that No, I don't believe that either I'm just being a crap head Yeah, you are, you know they they delivered special Which you don't even need that goddamn stuff You're not fat and they deliver you that every goddamn day And instead of being I think most got a good point about you I think you are Jesus Christ I'm just busted choice you ought to be stuck in choice ass man right now You ought to have his your tongue all the way up all the way to his colon It is a hamster tongue that I just keep in there. Yeah. I'm serious I mean they treat you pretty damn good They're balanced for what you just get one What the hell are you? I'm just gonna couple snacks. I'm the guy You know you're not the guy you're just again You're you're clinging on you're just again clinging on to my name and to my existence You weren't here when they first came on and so for two weeks I did the thing Yeah, and we just got in the head Bring it to the free food, but you know that could be cut off real easy if you don't watch your pees and cues I'll tell you that right now That could be stopped immediately if you're not sooner See how quiet it got all of a sudden? We'll table and rate me. Well we'll talk about that tomorrow at a later date But what I was starting to say before you came up with that ridiculous suggestion that they never even delivered Well, we will find that out Because the cameras will show if it was ever sitting there. They're always sitting right on that desk Where goofball sits where Carlos Frikey Carlos sits In fact, maybe you know something maybe the black sacks got up and crawled away Because they didn't want to be there where Carlos was They would want to make sure that they got other before he came in Maybe they crawled right across the floor got on the elevator and he tailed it out of there They grew some legs before it came in there Maybe they grew up here. I don't think Carlos will but so anyway the investigation goes on a tremendous acquisition of QM where we just can't keep things going Sounds like we got some real problems there, which makes me very grateful I'm here in beautiful Toronto where the sun is shining. It's nice out there baby. Oh 79 today At least 300 church abuse suits have been filed since news day At least 300 I've got so much church stuff here. It's got to make you want to get on your hands and ease and look for wafer's At least 300 civil lawsuits alleging clerical sex abuse have been filed in 16 states in January When the case of a pedophile priest in Boston spur claims against Roman Catholic Dicees across America a nation might review by the APS found Lawyer said the rush of litigation is truly dramatic for such a short time and that several hundred more cases Several hundred more are being informally mediated between Dicees and accusers That ensures American bishops will remain under enormous legal and financial pressure from the scandal even after they overhaul their abuse policy and that meeting In Dallas starting this Thursday It's off the charts Said patched shilts a Minnesota turn used defended Dicees against hundreds of abuse claims Daniel Holden attorney for Orange County, California Dicees said would take a couple of years for their cases of loan to be resolved and more will certainly be filed in the coming months Oh, but it's just a couple of bad. Yeah, right. That's what will blitzkrieg would have you believe just a couple of bad apples New York attorney Michael doubts that he was still preparing about 60 molestation claims against Dicees in his area Chicago Cardinal Francis George may sell the mansion where the city's arch-pissive to live for more than a century acknowledging some of the proceeds could be used to pay legal fees In abuse cases. I hope on you good Catholics out there feel good about yourself every Sunday when you go and put that money in the collection plate Knowing it's going to pay off people with bribes and hush money and a settle abuse cases because you got a bunch of perverts in their abusing kids Almost 250 the nation's more than 46,000 Roman Catholic priest have been either dismissed from their duties or resign since the scandal began in January I think I have another story here that says it's like 21 now this one says almost 250. I think the numbers 211. Let's be up to date Beyond the toll and loss and of staffing credibility the financial cost of these cases has never been fully calculated estimates of what the churches paid out since the first major scandals broke in the 80s Range from about 300 million to over a billion AP report is across the country interviewed lawyers and reviewed court documents last week The count the number of abuse lawsuits across the nation the telling does not include a handful of cases alleging is countered by lay church workers Dicis and Kentucky face the most lawsuits 122 With more than a third involving claims against one priest to refer to Lewis e Miller who denies any wrongdoing hit that corn sure especially in it Lewis Through other suits alleged abuse by lexington bishop can't record him swath he was a Louisville priest. He's also denied any wrongdoing the bulk of the remaining claims were concentrated in states hardest hit by the scandal At least 73 suits have been filed in Massachusetts where some of the most notorious abuse cases involving former priest John gig and Reverend Paul Shanley have been winding through the courts Gagon whose case sparked the crisis was convicted this year filing one boy the more than 130 others have accused him of lasting them Another 41 claims have been made in New Hampshire where Bishop John McCormick has been out of scrutiny for his former role in supervising a coos priest in Boston And for his response to abuse claims when he became head of the Manchester Dicis at least 25 additional lawsuits have been filed in California In states where no new claims have been made many old suits are pending the dicey's of Providence Rhode Island for example is a defendant in 38 abuse lawsuits filed before January And some of the newer lawsuits has spilled over in other states Wisconsin has got no recent claims, but a suit filed as even California named the Milwaukee Arts Dicis is defending Intense media coverage of the scandalous probably responsible for large number of suits lawyer say the volume of causes increased dramatically said attorney Daryl Papayon Abatt and Libertina, I'm truly talking to someone every day he said, Papayon Lawyers on both side of the news somebody some people may be coming forward with false claims hoping the cash in unavulnerable church But she'll submit a subtle analysis he believes the number of fake allegations was likely very small Steve O'Bino the jersey attorneys brought hundreds of abuse claims against the Catholic church since psychologist vet clients for him using polygraph examinations and other techniques Shills believes the scandals brought forth what it calls marginal claims people may not have been sexually abused but experienced some as caught by priest in the past And the women have let it go before they learn how bishops protected the abuse of clergy When I started doing this workout often point out the bishops that most victims would come forward first of the church And when only turned the court system of the church didn't act responsibly she'll said there's a lot they can do to prevent claims from turning it a lawsuits Yeah like harsh money Rubino agreed that a bishops reputation for dealing with victims often determines if claims are mediated or lined in court Each bishop has a different approach to dealing with this each day it's got a different statute limitation he said there's a variety of variables that impact how dicey's are addressing this No one of the church has an official Italian number lawsuits filed before this year Sylvia Demerist and Alice attorneys have been tracking abuse claims says at least 1500 US priest have been publicly accused since the 1980s 1500 Even with the scandal dragging into it six months new claims are still being made every day. You're not going to be able to stop this for being ill said 1126 at 560 WQAM If you look at for a big one maybe father tool We're talking about a big paycheck of course. That's what everybody aspires for making some serious bucks get out of that dead end job and pick up that phone to call our friends at fast train today because the demand for certified computer professionals has gone through the roof Call fast train toll free the answer all your questions get you on a road to a real job making some serious money like I said call 1 866 fast train Summer classes are forming right now if you call now you can be certified in a brand new career before summers over fast train offers Microsoft certified instructors For convenient locations including the brand new campus in Kendall job placement assistance they need in classes to For those individuals who job as affected after 911 fast trains in operation paycheck training provider call them at 866 fast train right now or check them out on the web at fast train dot com fast train can have you certified ready for that brand new career like I said only moments ago and as little as four short months So call fast train today and start putting some real cash in a bank call 1 This is probably a 430560 QA M come on baby come play with these cities Little Monica story coming up Little's the cause in Monica for China She lets out a gigo When he makes a wiggle Monica is not the kind you can do in the behind but a cigar and her vagina she don't mind Well he don't know where her stoke goes I can see how there was some confusion between human door and human horror And then I can saw the term cedar box means saw her naked She's reporting lead to go and blind That's when he was working hard late nights in the ovary office working on a practical joke He took a mac and noodle put an explode in loading for Monica was blowing rings a slow There's a cause in Monica's vagina She lets out a gigo Every time he makes a wiggle Monica is not the kind you can do in the behind but a cigar and her vagina she don't mind Oh people feel that Hillary's been made a full of buyer husband Feel that Hillary was wrong Up in the linking bedroom she was moaning More and now more was doing her with bills all gone Bill's the cause in Monica's vagina She lets out a gigo Every pregnant time he makes a wiggle Monica is not the kind you can do in the behind Recto Oh, can't even say the thing Yeah, touch master is faster Oh, yeah What you gotta do is take a tip of it I promise they are sure one Monica will whiskey found an effective way of getting out of jury Do any Manhattan last Thursday by turning on the waterworks the New York Daily News reports Sources said a tearful of whiskey played with quote officials to let her go home saying she was still scarred From her dealings with courts during the Clinton impeachment scandal she clearly was traumatized by the system set a court officer official was booked at a former White House intern She was in tears she was doing a what's her name on her passions of when it's crying all the time I give up The little scrawny mouse you look at when it's crying all the time that no not tablet the tablet is a witch you don't know your passions mister What you want to know she's a spick. Oh, yeah, I know all the spicks. Yeah, you should that her mother is Pilar and her brother is our Luis and Miguel and what does her name? Okay, I got it. Well anyway the lawyers on the case involving a firefighter swimming in the city asked potential jurors if anyone would have a problem being impartial The whiskey indicated she could not be impartial sources said a lawyer took her aside and grilled her outside the presence of other jurors Lewinsky tearfully told court officials she felt the firefighter's lawyer was being abusive during a questioning she was finally exudes from serving on a case get that a lot of here Teresa that's the name I'm looking for Teresa Teresa she's always squirting him and I guess Monica probably watches passions when you think oh, yeah In fact wouldn't surprise me if maybe like another he's back on a show Julian with sort of big stoichi this week and goes after Timmy with it or maybe total or maybe both You know I'm thinking of myself I'm playing at the Monica bit and he says something about your favorite topic I'm doing it right in the behind and you know the Catholic church I just amazing to me how well they break watch their flock Because basically everything is sinful anything having to do with sex is sinful other than of course Man and wife missionary position got him I'm gonna try to make a baby sex everything else is sinful right I mean anal sex which is kind of a music is always talking about how the Julios are all big bigger than anybody else in the anal sex they like their act And yet the Hispanics almost every one of Miss Catholic So on your people you keep showing up there every Sunday you keep doodifully doing your thing in mumbling the words and the standing up there And let them stick the wafer in your post and drink into wine and do it all the other idiotic crap going through the rituals And then you walk out of there thinking hey, it's all a bunch of crap Why are they going why did they continue showing up? Great washing like you said God everything Certainly, I mean anal sex and we are gonna make no babies that way masturbation can make no babies that way Procex out of marriage sinful everything is a goddamn sin God damn it Hey I'll tell you something that's a real crime that I missed a boom bait festival Actually what I thought I would do over the weekend that this coming weekend here go to the little Italy go to the boom buff festival probably a lot more fun Which reminds me nobody has facts me to warn me won't that the carabana fest is coming up here in Toronto whatever weekend That's gonna be I hope it's not until July Because I sure don't want to be here in the middle of that again two years in a row. I made the mistake and I wasn't even living here then I was just like you know coming up on a weekend Oh two years in a row. I hit the shards best Anyway, speaking of that coconut a grown now you guys probably were there this weekend working. Oh, yeah the whole weekend I can't doubt to stone throws from my apartment Yeah, how many rocks do you throw? For Haitian born Miami resident LA regne a few South Florida vents bring people together the way the coconut a grove boom bait festival does Look at everyone in the crowd said regne who grew up into Bahamas before coming to Miami everyone is here Not just Hispanics or Caribbean people or others, but everyone's here together Helled annually in the grow for 26 years now the festival drew thousands of his ears to the stretch of grant Avenue between Douglas Road and McDonald Street this past weekend Copy it and miss that Regne a music teacher a date County public schools proudly displayed his heritage and the wildly colorful costumy words when he plays saxophone with the Bahamas jukken who review Oh, maybe they're gonna be on our list of one hit wonders Bahamas jukken who review I have Haiti here regne is said pointed the Haitian flag embedded in his sparkling headdress Then pointing to the blue yellow and black of the behavior himmy and flag on the back of his costume and I have the Bahamas here he's got it on both ends Junk and who is a performance style based on Afro Bahamia music and dance that started in the Bahamas when slaves were given a three day holiday from their masters after Christmas The wild and hyper kinetic junk and who we've all dreamed these periods See you learn something else on his show today How about you never heard of the junk and who before did you never there you go Goom Bay organizers said they return to the festival's American Bahamian roots this year by joining forces with the Bahamian government to offer authentic entertainment such as Visage one of the most popular club so bands in Bahamas A lot of people believe here with an understanding of the Bahamian American cultures and how they mix for everyone's benefits at marsher jackman I want to see you related to Sarah jackman President of the Miami Bahamas goom Bay festival in the Grove the all volunteer group that sponsors the festival. We also wanted to make it a family-oriented event Let me ask you the seriously I'm not being sarcastic is there like a Like an attack in American festival that takes place anywhere in south Florida in south Florida right not that I'm aware of or like a Polish American You see what I'm gonna wear of I don't think we have large numbers of those kinds of people in south you've got you've got the spik thing there But tell they call you chio chio chio and then you have this boom bathing right how about like a I don't know there must be large groups of other kind of people who like a Chinese festival No, of course you don't have very many Chinese people not here In fact, I got a good suggestion for the politicians from malasmen and the people the powers that be in Toronto this year It's not too late replace the caravan festival would like an all Chinese festival Be sure boy, but they got a lot of Chinese people here or what man incredible Which is fine with me and spidey all your cost of comments about Chinese gangs and all this here. You always conjure up the worst in every group, you know Every time I mentioned about what nice people the oriental people are and they are oriental we decided Remember that argument. Yeah, remember hey, you want to rock all the same you need no no you're on a wrong side of it because you kept saying their Asians I wanted to be going by right today. We're saying oriental is people would like the slided eyes I have to say that but that's a rental like Asian Asian can be Indian Indian people are not oriental Pakistanis are Pakistanis are regional so oriental orientals are orientals, okay Twenty till noon at five sixty I'm all over the place you want to know why cuz I got six hundred more stories here about the church in the priest I'm just loaded with it. I'm loaded with it. There's no end to it Here's a simple question for you if somebody offered to give you several thousand dollars of the next few years would you just take it Huh? Of course you would be stupid not to do it which makes it really really stupid the pass-up of chance to refinance your biohoma 3.95% Here's the deal when you calm down You know most gonna get you next time you meet you in a hallway. I'll guarantee that Here's the deal. There's a fanomate program available 3.95% for both refinancing and purchasing of homes Think about it just 3.95% already have to do his confidential group at this toll free number 1 800 940 53 63 That's 1 800 940 53 63 to be more specific you can get yourself a hundred grand with payments of only 475 bucks a month or get you 200 grand with payments of only 950 bucks a month You'll save yourself thousands of dollars and it would really and truly be downright stupid the pass-up of chance to do that Do the math and do the next logical thing get the details by calling our good friends at financial group At 1 800 940 lend be sure to tell the Todd director to call by the way 1 800 940 53 63 There were an equal housing lender queda restrictions dual ply and rates of sub-to-change if you want Marlins Freedom and say cheese Well, Stephen I go in for a lap dance and all I get offered is a laptop It makes your head spin your sexual conjures are easily solved by the folks in half just give them a call No, hook you up with the right woman for you at the right price for you. Hey, Stephen isn't this your dad's car? No, you're gonna say it aren't you? Yeah, I guess but I think he knows dude you're going to hell Let me say it again Stephen you're annoying baby get off my TV said you know in the beginning of those spots were you know They were kind of cute. They were okay and now I don't know if you see him as often as I do Yes, we do every time another one of those come on I just Pop my head up into sentence screen Jesus Christ God Stephen get lost 145 at 560 WKM. We got Joe Rose for the mad dog today only one to three live on me today only, but I mean this week Am I right about that this week did we get the whole schedule? Yeah, no, no look at that Friday. I want that all about I guess the mad dogs figured out like the rest of us had a good nice busman schedule He's only working three days this week tomorrow Wednesday and Thursday today. You got Joe Rose, then Friday Joe Rose at Hooters Get in a really good assignments Hey, go over to Chulos at the three this afternoon Josh Friedman Rounding out a very fat scheduled at 7 o'clock then of course you got Marlins on deck at 730 Marlins at Kansas City 805 etiquette After the baseball game Jula Mark overnight Josh Friedman. I whatever happened with his stapling is pooping. I guess it all came back. Yeah Neither the the smell load income back right 14 till now I thought you were always telling me when we first came to QA and you tell me that the bad smell was because he had a stomach staple It was like the pus from his intestines. I don't want to say this right alongside I say that oh I that was the impression I got before the stomach stuff But so another is he always stunk what you've seen So there's another thing you learned on a short not even quite noon yet you already learned a Josh Friedman still those things Two brothers who say a pre-sessionally touched them 13 years ago Father lawsuit Friday against him the dicey's of Palm Beach and New York dicey's I'm gonna tell you that Palm Beach dicey's man If they had troubles or what okay? The brothers both of who were adults when the alleged incidents happened say in their lawsuit that the two dicey's new or should have known a Father Matthew Fitzgerald's dangerous and exploitative propensities as a sexual abuser Dangerous and exploitative propensities as I say I love that Fitzgerald 59 said Friday afternoon that he's innocent of any allegations of inappropriate behavior and believes that the lawsuit is motivated by money Fitzgerald had been active with the Palm Beach dicey's from 1987 until two allegations of inappropriate behavior with adults came to light The 97 accusations came five years after another misconduct allegation involving an adult had been level against them an accusation that I see said was not proven He was forced by the dicey's to take a leave absence in 1997 under retirement in 2000 Subsequently joining food for the poor South Florida's largest charity But an April he was fired from that charity and stripped of his right to act as a priest and in April 22th statement that I see said to be both his credentials because his presence as a priest in the area where his pattern of behavior is known would continue to cause for their scandal Prior to arriving in Palm Beach County in 89 Fitzgerald over the dicey's have rockedville center on Long Island after Fitzgerald had a misconduct allegation of against the 1992 the dicey's have Palm Beach reportedly contacted his former dicey's and learned their repriar reports of inappropriate behavior The two brothers filed the lawsuit in Palm Beach County circuit court on the names John Does to shield their identities One of the brothers who filed suit held a news conference Friday afternoon a 33 year old said that when he was 20 years old Fitzgerald grabbed his crotch and whispered a crude sexual convent to him and they were loaning his family's house At the time Fitzgerald was serving at St Ignatius lawyer La Cthema in Palm Beach Gardens Fitzgerald also once suggested they take a trip to New York City together But then they would have to share a hotel room the brother said wow Oh When contact that as poppin will be chill on Friday Fitzgerald said he has no idea who's making the accusations against them He's never behaved as legend lawsuit. He said he believes the suit may be Financially motivated but declined elaborate. How do you like that? Come on. Let's go on a trip to New York and we'll share the same hotel. It's only a one-bed deal by the way, but it's a queen And here's a great one from the Aboston Harold. I love the headline Cuz this is a story from Jackson, Mississippi, so the headline says Miss Period miss conduct southern priest abuse case cases hot law Miss conduct Jackson, Mississippi, Amanda says he settled a priest sex abuse suit here two years ago for $43,000 said yesterday his mother asked Bernard Cardinal law to intervene to remove his molester more than three decades ago But law did not act on the request The allegation is the second direct warning to law the one-time figure general of the diocese of Natta's Jackson about a molester priest that law failed to remove The allegation also brings to four the number of alleged molesters who served during his tenure here I told my mother when it was going on my mother went to law. She told him about but he didn't do notton Mark Balenciu 46 of Hadith'sburg said about his alleged molestation at the hands of Reverend Bernard Hadakin who died in New Jersey 1996 after numerous reassignments Balencius said Hadakin sexually abused him for about three years beginning when he was 12 and that his mother may reach out for help from law Who she said he'd gotten to know and both worked in the civil rights movement in the turbulent 60s Boston art's dices officials declined comment on the Mississippi cases referring questions to the diocese of Jackson Those officials did not respond to repeated calls but are expected to wish you a statement this week The new allegation follows laws reported admission last week at a Boston deposition that he failed to keep the Reverend George L. Broussard his post-frient in classmate and Josephineem Seminary in Columbus, Ohio away from children after being warned Broussard was molesting children Witnesses at the deposition said law also acknowledged discussions about child sex allegations against another priest But similarly did not act Alossus how come he's not in jail yet by the way carton a lock and you answer that question for me like I can Alossus being filed here early as today charted that's in the Jackson charges law with negligence resulting in ongoing molestation of Kenneth Morrison 37 now of Chicago and Morrison's brothers all the molested by Broussard a Second suit on behalf of a sole plaintiff Angie Phillips charges that the Reverend Thomas voice now of Batesville, Mississippi repeatedly raped her in the 1970s beginning when she was 12 and Phillips lawyer Anthony Simon said law was in charge with another priest The Reverend Paul Madden molested a Mississippi boy while on trip to Ireland Bernie law was at the homeland happened said Simon was also co-conceling the Morrison suit In the Morrison suit Roussard was left the priest to now lives in hornal Louisiana It charged from the lusting boys at Jackson St. Peter's parish a prestigious cathedral kitty corner from the governor's mansion The law was warned by Dr. Francis Morrison that Broussard was abusing boys at the time Morrison had no idea his sons were among them Logged in not act before we left Mississippi to become Bishop of Springfield Cape Gerardo Missouri in December 1973 Simon said And this story goes on forever anyway because not for long ways But the bottom line is he still didn't do nothing over and over again. He just shuffled him around if he did anything at all This is from the Aboston Harold advocates for priest abuse victims will withdraw from lawsuit hope the participating viships meeting that dig meat their holding their meat and Dallas on Thursday An advocacy group for victims of sex abuse by priest said yesterday It'll withdraw from a lawsuit that prompted Roman Catholic viships to bar them from this week's meeting on outstanding predators from the priesthood David Klohassy national director of survivors network for those abused by priest snap said his group monitor We'll any obstacles to talk symbol formally withdraw to lawsuit today We don't want anything to get in the way of genuine dialogue that might ultimately benefit children Klohassy said and let it a bishop Willton Gregory present in the US Conference of Catholic bishops We hope you see it as a tangible step toward reconciliation and toward making the church safer Or did he say the church and how they say in the England beast the church? He's on the phone. Oh, he's on a phone with who I don't know well Let's find out maybe it's a bookie He still doesn't know we're talking about him. Maybe it has to do with the interrogation the the inquisition that's going on You know that whole thing is just fascinating to me. Yeah, that places out of control if you wait Josh is looking at the tapes right now. Good Josh is checking the tapes out right now And if anybody can put his thumb on it. It's clearance clearance dero baby Systemary and Walsh a spokesman for the bishops conference that you could not comment until today when conference administrators Whatever their first chance to review the group software Klohassy had been scheduled to address the bishops during the opening session of the 3d meeting at Sartzer's day in Dallas He had members of snap along with other victims and also been invited me privately with three cardinals and rest a close session of the bishops panel to bicing a national policy on disciplining abuse of clergy A clergy what I just say clergy will finalize last Thursday that same day snap to under class action lawsuit Minnesota against the bishops conference in several DIC's seeking to avoid confidentiality agreements and settlements with the victims Gregory said the litigation created a legal barrier to discussion he would do his invitation to Klohassy and snap and Said he was very disappointed that his efforts to meet had been met with lawsuit So they're trying to iron that out today another developments In Baltimore the Reverend George low-scarn was placed on leave of absence after he was confronted with an allegation of past exibuster's day and Invented to it the Baltimore our sticy said he'd be admitted in Kettering Ohio a priest and wonder when treatment for touching a boy and appropriately a 19-idd Was suspended after new allegation surface they Cincinnati art flies. You said the Reverend Lawrence strip matter 69 is not the Ideal occasions arch-precious Daniel Polarchan told first-nures during masses yesterday You think that's it isn't Massachusetts priest who from post Right, but like well, let's quick said on CNN to a worldwide audience yesterday It's just a little tiny handful Yeah, maybe that's all they want to get is a little tiny handful At least it's tiny when they start Worst-your-mass now the beast knows Worst-your-right-dalk in the West-your-in-central mass There's he still on the phone. He's on the phone Well, why this is he's not in stuff and now he's always clearance updating me on the search. It's all and what he's saying He they're still coming through the tapes and they are on a search on a building wide search and inquisition looking from They're going worldwide room or office by or office. They're going in the church They're looking in the dumpster. They're looking everywhere man. They're gonna do fingerprints Whoever's screwed around with us this morning man. You're screw it around people screw the whole radio station So kind of all under control. He's got to stuff together and By screwing with the logs, you know who they screwed with this time The water Nazi oh, I'm petty one thing. You don't screw with the not a water Nazi whose favorite saying is don't efflame my logs Is never to reflame your expressions Right, so somebody not only screwed with their logs, but they stole them. They they they they yank them Got some real heavy duty crap going on a QM see everything was doing long too well The trend just came out the other day. We had those gigantic numbers are we don't know how but the numbers just keep going up and up And I did it just great everything's going along too well Moe actually spoke to me a couple of words when I was there last week actually spoke to George in a hallway this morning Didn't promote our show today or anybody else's on a station, but at least they know he's on speaking terms with George now Which is a step in a right direction stupid 1156 and 560 WQM thinking of painting your home or business don't paint protect your investment with Liquid ceramic Liquid ceramic the technology board and NASA space program is available right now in South Florida Liquid ceramic is the most advanced exterior interior and roof coating available You took and have the same high-tech ceramic technology that shields the space shuttle protecting your home or building and you'll never ever have to paint again That's correct liquid ceramic is guaranteed for as long as you own your home or building So forget about repeating every few years Liquid ceramic won't fade it won't peel its guaranteed this state of the art coating yields an R 24 installation equivalency helping you bring those electric bills down to liquid ceramics available no for 1800 different colors so check out liquid ceramic today call 305 347 5122 liquid ceramics been manufactured and sold for over 40 years in the good news for the people in South Florida is It's available right there right now call 305 3475122 That's 305 3475122 Revisit them on the net at liquid ceramic dot TV and when you call be sure That's good is they sound only participating locations This is how it did when I take my fell bean I listen to the Neil Rogers 12 the one hour not George because he stupid Thank you. Thank you to John and man. You got a great show The night my first talk show set to stay Colin Powell will be dropping Dick Chany will be here President George Bush will be here and I know I've get you guys were so damn golly and think those guys were really gonna show here My anyway, you know last been pretty good to me after the presidency I still see Hillary now and again we went to a baseball game all the day Picture came up to me and whispered something in my ear and I leaned over to Hillary and I said be to see to go off The picture said wait a minute. I said throw out the first pitch Now you know that I bet I met some nice women a metal woman nice girl speaks eight languages nice part is she can't say no and any of them Oh, you know I still like to stay fit. I went out jogging just the other morning. I tripped and Dog on the fell right in the river and this little kid can swim in over me and drags me out and I said how can I thank you when you said well How about a new wheelchair? I said when we sure don't look handicapped you said I will be when my dad finds out. I saved your ass Farm glad I got a talk show here, you know, it hasn't been easy to talk though I've had a little problem with my voice while I went to a specialist and I asked the doctor the best way to stop losing my voice You said stop eating your words I hear something weird. You know I went skiing out west and I'm looking in the snow there And I say someone had relieved themselves and written Clinton must die in the snow So I called the cops and then they took a sample of that yellow snow and called me the next day And they said Mr Clinton that yellow snow belonged to one of your best friends. I'll gore and I said Dying I knew I couldn't trust him. What could be worse than that? And they said it was Hillary's hand right Ha ha ha ha ha Children go away. We'll be right back I've made a one-tone. I guarantee I wouldn't hate watching stupid ass fight they had this weekend A lot of people are belly aching they wasted their money on but nevertheless 12 out to a five 60 WQAM Massachusetts priest removed from post-wester can I get back to this please that interrupted myself about 20 times Because you're gonna like this one a central Massachusetts priest has been removed from his assignments after the Worstly Dying cease was notified of an allocation of sexual abuse against him The Roman Catholic Dices on Friday removed the Reverend Raymond P. Messier from his duties in Athol and Peter Schum After a lawyer told the Dices that must in that right a thaw Asked a be from How's that? A T a well Athle He don't know and Peter Schum after a lawyer told the Dices that a woman led his Messier molested a nine year old son in 1980 Messier is the sixth priest in the Dices that's been removed since February that's just in Worst Six just in Worst is in February Our Sticy spokesman Raymond L. Delile told the telegram and cassette of Worst that Messier will not be engaged in any public ministry in the Dices or elsewhere In keeping with our policy will cooperate fully with the Days office and investigation desalligation he said a message left yesterday at the rectum where you have St. Francis of a Sicilian Athle seeking comment from Messier was of course not immediately returned Messier was also assigned the same Peter church in Peter Schum and was chaplain of the Athle fire department According to lawyer Carmen Durso, Messier was caught sexually abusing the boy at a child and camp owned by the priest family Worst of Bishop Daniel Riley said he'll meet with personally. There's to determine what additional assistance Has needed bites the communities and asked for prayers for the alleged victim in his family Messier's removal can the same day that two men filed suit against Reverend Lee F. Bartlett and the Worst to die see selecting sex abuse when the men were there early teens Joseph P. Cody now knew Hampshire and Kevin A. Donnelly now California said they were forced to participate in what they called The Greek Olympics while staying with a priest on Cape Cod They alleged that while they were guests at Bartlett's East and Home They were given alcohol Photographed and pressured to run naked through the streets The allow said that I see hasn't seen the suit and wouldn't come at a message left at the Furley Bartlett and Worst of was of course not immediately return Nobody's returned enough and okay including our sex of food Riley removed Bartlett from act of ministry and march after allegations of sexual misconduct surfaced Now let's run naked through the streets. That's really geek and Greek Olympics Now here's the the facts from our friend Detroit and balance for life who's apoptlectic over this hole It's seeing us it wasn't bad enough. He stiffening over the weekend on Friday and Saturday for setting Sunday. That wasn't bad enough But then of course he winds up looking really stupid with this whole thing that happened day even through no fault of his own The balance for live driver reports the bags were dropped off between 7 and 7 15 this morning. What sounds about right? Yeah, because that's about the time when I'm there that I usually come waterling in and you two and I do usually sit in out there in that front desk It says many power 96 fans were parked in front of the building at the time. How do you like that? Yeah, as we try to put these clues together on the disappearing black sex and the disappearing logs and The disappearing sanity of QA and that seems to be falling apart of the seams Oh Ron Ron is back where I run get a life with you. Okay. I'm appreciate all the oldies, but we're gonna start that tomorrow Ron is out of control and in this to which we really don't need that much help from the audience I don't think on that do we not if you have that site We got all these websites including a one-and-a-error recommended one hit wonders. Send full dot com is that right? I forgot I Hope that's it if not the straight me out of it that would be it Now here's a facts from Toronto no less But this isn't what I'm looking for oh, see that this is another wonderful thing They have they have all kinds of festivals that go on here cuz there's all kinds of ethnic groups They have like an attendin festival and they have all all kinds of things. It says each July on the first week and after Canada day a They celebrate the celebrate Toronto Street Festival transforms a series of key intersections on the same The city's famous young street the longest street in the world. It was series of amazing A festival sites The celebrate Toronto Street festivals created an idiot as part of mayor last month vision to bring the people of the newly Amalgamated city to run together and spread a celebration instead of pride yada yada yada yada This is not the one this is I searched for a carabana carabia the only thing that I could find was this which was near the dates that you mentioned now Now this is not the one oh, this this is one for like white people and Asian people and You've had a warm saying right I searched. I'm not saying that there could be any affercooners in this There might be like one or two we would hope not but there might be a couple might say I found Associated with this they had some guy beating on a drum Leading me to believe that this was the one mm-hmm. I'm not touching that you just keep digging your whole deeper and deeper stupid what Cuz you make it sound like a like a jungle thing And if you find the jungle one that's what I'm looking for anyway We got a real asshole by the name of Glenn Garvin who writes a you know those papers dear I think I'm gonna start a new policy not even check the herb of the Sun Sentinel anymore Cuz you got such a bunch of Yahoo's that right in those papers Now Glenn Garvin is the I guess new are you familiar with him writing TV stuff and here I never heard him before don't read the Harold the new TV Sex corpses and Volguerity and it's a very lengthy thing But it's worth reading because it goes to show you the kind of goody two shoes that write crap in your newspaper down there That he's the Harold TV critic Glenn Garvin So let it credibility that it might ahead before reading this piece of swill He says 50 years ago when a married Lucille ball was having a baby on I love Lucy the network senses wouldn't allow the use of the word pregnant This year on friends Rachel had a baby resulting from a one-night stand and on the day it was due Try to speed up delivery via a quicky sexual encounter with a male roommate 40 years ago, Ozzie and Harriet had never had a scene of any kind take place in Nelson's bedroom This year on Buffett of Ampire Slayer a fist fight between Buffett and a vampire turned into rough house sex So violent that it literally knocked the house down around them 30 years ago network official told singer Helen ready They would cancel her show unless she started wearing a bra this year contestants on fear factor War to the strip naked on camera to stay in the game 20 years ago and I'll read denBC sensor vetoed a certain night live sketch where Bill Murray and killed the radnars Nurti characters put on a dopey high school nativity page it you can't give newbies to Virgin Mary You can't give newbies to the Virgin Mary this year Cameron Diaz hosted SNL and sang dirty children songs that reported to be about her her suit selfish and rain so kitty cats what that was her suit? Look it up H.I.R.S.U.T.E. Oh see here. This is our women. Oh, yeah, it's not pure pure in paranoia This is not your father's broadcast TV TV once expected to be a polite guest in our living rooms as turned into more of a drunken party crasher blend Garvin you're an asshole man Sex violence and language that in earlier days would have triggered FCC threats and congressional investigations is now routine Says show business during an aquatic Michael mevid who's a real you know Michael mevid a real right-wing asshole A real goodie too. She's like the bill vented television He says I'm not sure I'd use the word shifting. I think the word collapsing might be more appropriate You think he exaggerates comedian George Carlon used to do a routine called 70 awards You can ever say on television the ones that'll curve your spine or hair on your knuckles five of the seven and now been out at on prime time Air and no one doubts the last two one referring to the female anatomy the other to oral sex around their way Every week the CBS crime show CSI features mutilated corpses that would gag a magnet televised urination has become a seroutine that when FX is the shield had a cop wizard on a suspect Producer Sean Ryan bragged that we shot it in a very tasteful way as peace scenes go That's a sort of comment that I'll raise Laura Mahini vice president of the conservative parents television counsel Which is lobbying advertisers to boycott this shield What you've seen is a run to the bottom of the barrel where the networks are seeing who can put the filthy Stuff on the fastest you never would have seen references to oral sex or inferences of oral sex even five years ago. How about during public aid huh bitch? I guess that was okay when Ken Star was talking about oral sex and put the filthy as crap that he possibly could there the titulate the public Now on you know you hear it all the time even on shows that a p.m. It's like a freight train run on mock Everybody's getting blow jobs everywhere you look how do you like that and it's all because of television It's all because of the president. It's all because of Monica Lewinsky and that's God damn cigar And then it goes on a great lengths as whether or not you share Mahini's discussed a hard argue with her fact A brief chase lesbian kiss on the 10 p.m. LA law scandalized the country in 1991 This season when lesbian witches on the 8 p.m. Buffet of ampereslay Levitated because the oral sex was especially good it passed almost on notice see I hate to break the news to you Letting Garvin whatever in on your name is but time is moving on okay. It's passing you by Sometimes I feel that life is passing you by Glenn So the fact that Jack par almost got can't for saying water closet on the tonight show on NBC about the 40 seven years ago whatever it was Now not only don't they say water closet anymore, but they actually talk about diarrhea and taking a crap and mr. Whipple squeezing the shaman all the stuff Okay, how come aren't you bunker? Could say God damn 20 odd years ago, but he can't now yeah Glenn Garvin you're a goody two shows You're a real fossil is what you were I like to know how old I guys Probably not all probably a young punk cuz all the older guys about some real money And you can be sure he works cheap if he works for the hero right in the column like that being the TV critic Whatever happened to Terry Jack as memory Terry Jack asked at what for the hero was the TV critic He probably got a real job at a real newspaper not that he was all that great, but sure surely wasn't right in the soil like this Get a live Glenn 12 minutes past noon if I sixty w q and I'll be honest with you. Bush is doing pretty good on our poll considering it's our audience 357 votes how do you rate the job he in the administration be doing now? He's a boson and disaster is leading 163 45 and a poor job is got 26 of but you put those two together to elect 53 percent right So 47 percent's easy they're doing fair okay or 68 people 19 percent say excellent They like bush I do something you won't like his shop and around for mattress especially now and it's 170 to degrees outside What's the point what what what do you you try to be a professional you I mean that's I guess You don't have to run around all over town. This is I mean if you want to go to the supermarket by groceries I guess you got to do that But mattress shopping you can have him come right to your door and bring you a great new mattress take away the crappy old beding if you do the smart thing Call dial a mattress just make one easy phone call 1 800 mattress and they'll give you stupid a service You want to even believe how great it is because first of all you talk to somebody who really knows their stuff You pick out exactly the brand and kind of mattress that you look and for and I got the top makers in the world Sir, silly Simmons of King Coral they have unbeatable every day prices that are just amazing and They offer you delivery whenever it's convenient for you any two-hour window that you pick like between noon and two or between one and three or two and four or three and five or four and six Etc. Any day seven days a week and of course because they've got such a fantastic stock the mattress you're looking for is always in stock When you four-minute delivery to no bait and swish and they give you that 30 day in home comfort trial to check it out To buy sleeping on it to make sure it's great for you in your back So if your old mattress is lumpy and worn out if it's headed get you a great new mattress in a great night sleep for years to come like I always do Call dial a mattress the smart way call 1 800 mattress 1 800 mA T T R E S or look them up on that wicked worldwide web How are they moving in Steve Goldie Goldstein? With the morning trip? Oh, I think it's about 4'25. Oh! She weigh in. It's home and T-A-Y as you see the S. Hi my name is Pha Daymiz. Mum, my name is Meng Bayli. My name is Humb, my name is Humb. My name is Meng Bayli. my name is Meng Bayli. My name is Meng Bayli. Can I help... My name is her. But what, that's it. My name is Humb. My name is Meng Bayli. Hi, darling. Do like my eyes. Wanna get some night in straws and duck down to my tires? I've been working out. Wanna feel my size? You'll fly high. How do you know if you never tried guys tonight? I got a date and I'm trying to get my head straight But I can't figure out which spice girl I want to impersonate and Dr. Gates said Sweetie you're a queen Oh, look at that wing boy you're on the team well since age 12 I found out that my first now and ever since then never failed a chase in that tail got pissed off And ripped my ex-boyfriend's nips off kiss him and said I didn't know Blitzdeck made the This dog look at that pound of pole than hate on my mole or gas make control is my ultimate goal Come here slide wait get away from me. I'm your bro dog. I don't give up. I take them so take your clothes off Every diamond I ain't mine Hills sixty-three dollar c U AM Here's a facts from Jay and Paul Medo Bay who learned his lesson this weekend Says I turned on the radio Sunday afternoon heard this guy called the crow. How about you? M and B but trob the me but the blop okay, but Jay says he sounds like Gilbert on a bad day Gilbert on a bad day I thought it was a joke at first and I realized it was I will never listen to the radio when we kids again still in shock Says Jay in Paul Medo Bay going to let Locker room in pump pump pump pump Yeah, that's that's great. We had idea of radio right there. You got it. You got your thumb on a J Don't make them a stick again So how's the acquisition coming? What seemed by now? They would have seen something? Well, is this huh? What can these say find out the exact time when the bags were delivered now? They're gonna go find that tape and look and whatnot Oh Good now my first explanation I don't want to start putting the finger blaming anybody, but I will anyway for fun I'm thinking somebody from power 96 especially since the roll-o's vans out front Why would it be a whole bunch of QM fans out there were they there when you got there? This morning right all of our vans are always here when we get here oh So another it's Troy try to be a big shot over there bounce for life. He's trying to play like cojack Oh, it's big in a cold check guess what's on that scream channel? You can't get that time my digital cable the night stalker the night stalkers and every Sunday I saw yesterday Sorry sorry you can't get scream. It's a great channel and also driving classics It's got some of the campus movies ever made great stuff Rhode Island government complaint of teasing A culture of ripping among employees at the Providence Journal's production facility may have contributed to the frustration felt by one man who allegedly opened fire on three co-workers killing two and one to another in Providence Carlos Pacheco a 20 year old employee at the Providence Journal's production facility had cried this week about his job and said three men a work We're taught him said Patricia Vogue as Pacheco's former sister-in-law Police said Pacheco 38 went on a shooting spray Saturday morning And wait a minute Wait a minute. Okay. Oh, I see a 20 I'd for minute. I thought was 20 years old a 20 year employee He was 38 when on a shooting spray Saturday morning of the journal's production facility and in the nearby suburb of Warwick Police later found what they believe was his body in a burnaud vehicle Pacheco was accused of killing a supervisor Robert Benetti 38 and leaving the building and shooting coworker Charles Johnson in the face The body of coworker Matthew Fendetti 29 was found shot to death in his home a few hours later Eric Reynolds and insert her at the plant who had known Pacheco for 18 years described him as a good quiet guy He said it'd always be where of good quiet people He said there's a culture of good-natured rimming among employees at the plant somewhere along the line. He just flipped out Reynolds said Bob Vera and who supervised Pacheco for about 15 years also was a long-time friend of Benetti the supervisor was killed There's always good nature of teasing but one day a person can come in and take it and the next day Doesn't want to hear it, verance and of course that's the American effort way now Whether it's kids being bullied in school or somebody being ripped on a job is you get pissed off You can't take it and you just start blowing people away Yeah, that's the new way Because guns are good guns are great. That's what America's all about America was built on guns On a sea of guns This probably got 50,000 dead people every year because guns are great That's why it makes me nauseous to look at the results of our poll here on the president today on the NRA president On the in-ron president, but nevertheless hey you vote however how do you feel okay who'd hell am I? We had a terrorist arrest in Washington today that to spick is spick aka Muslim whatever it hell is County issues thousands of anti-radiation pills not don't get nervous not they'd broader Palm Beach Why not I know why not? Because you know you're not getting any just be glad you got your black sack finally from Troy today You're not getting the radiation pills a Suburban New York County Saturday handed out thousands of pills meant to give residents limited protection from radiation in case of disaster It ain't nearby nuclear power plant Now we got turkey point and why how come you're not getting any? That's what I said Westchester County officials are giving out free potassium iodide tablets known as KI not to be confused with KY KI 21 who lives within 10 miles of the Indian point nuclear power plant about 35 miles north of New York City About 140,000 people live in that 10 mile radius People lined up outside a Yorktown Heights school to pick up the pills which can prevent thyroid cancer If taken within 24 hours of a nuclear exposure the pill works by preventing the thyroid gland from absorbing radiation Officials said the pills would protect people long enough for them to be evacuated from the area, but they warn that it's not a panacea Why check your county spoke to them in Victoria hotman told the AP that 2617 people had picked up over 10,000 KI pills by the end of the day Saturday These are not protecting it's everything in the nuclear accident. I think it's really important to emphasize Said Dr. Lauren Wissner green a thawwitz specialist in NYU medical center What it does do is decrease the ability of the thyroid gland to pick up this radioactive iodine Which can cause a high instance of thyroid cancer especially young children Indian points owner the New Orleans based energy corporation says its plan is denied with multiple safety systems and the prospect of the next And the with retina public is unlikely That's what he said Baltimore And FBI sting operation after research physicist and Maryland after he showed up for what he thought was a meeting to have sex with a 13-year-old Euro authorities announced Friday Federal prosecutors in Baltimore said George Chambers a civilian physicist with an evil surface warfare Senator New Washington is in custody after arriving in a shopping mall in Columbia, Maryland for an internet arranged rendezvous The affidavit filed in federal court in Baltimore says Chambers 45 entered an internet chat room called I love older men Where he began months of chatting with an FBI undercover agent posing as a 13-year-old girl By are there a lot of stupid people out there? What? The reason I just looked at each other like if you were so inclined Man, what are they gonna learn? I'm gonna go to that website called buskme Please yeah, called assholes.com Massacist.com the court documents is Chambers steady. You want to meet the girl for the purpose of having sex with her Hey, if it is it's interrupted, but this is a very monumental education okay wait a minute Go ahead. We have the logs all of them. Okay You're the story. Okay. Well, let me do the break. Is that I want to interrupt this okay? All right, bye for a very like they've always seen news break on CNN every time like something Whether like before they had news break and then come to my oh US You know, it has to win their next game to stand the world cup like that's a news break We got some real break news coming up here on QA momentarily folks big heavy duty stuff We got the logs and the tapes are being surveyed and surveilled as we speak and the Inquisition continues This has been the year of the Inquisition in QAM and we're pretty excited about it 1226 at 560 WQM your psychotic station for the new decade and the new century and the new millennium Summer times are ready there just stick your head out the window and man you'll pull it back in in a hurry like a turtle Because it's hotter than hell, but all you might as a product that will help you feel your best to keep you in good health All year round even during the inseparable summertime in South Florida All new meds a soft shell capsule that contains the best olive oil at money can buy along with combined with Vitamins and minerals and urbles to promote health for all different parts of your body for your prostate Your heart your blood pressure and cholesterol Only mys also got supplements grow health in your circle through a system your digestive and endocrin system You're skin in boats even for your mind All using the benefits of pharmaceutical great olive oil like I said the best that money can buy and Audio Meds got products for men and free ladies out there too. Audio Meds available at Walgreens Whole Food Market tomorrow pharmacy in Sedano's too pick some up At your nearest store or call for more information about it if you like and I'll tell you exactly what it does for you Call tool free 1 866 Audio Med That's 1 866 OLEO MED or their products on their website too It's day It's a Miami town I'm 5 6 OW You You And it's not a happy place No It's a guy damn crappy place Where everybody hates The site of your face You and it's not a happy place Jesus Christ It's a thinking big disgrace You and it's not a happy place No God worship first who love OJ Backstaffing rubble beats The equipment always breaks It's a hot and smarty place You and it's not a happy place No A real depressing place You and it's not a happy place I'm so worked up about this bullet and we got coming here I went and refrigerated it got me just a little piece of low fat cheddar cheese Pretty good Sounds good Yeah, so what's the story? Okay, this is a pretty funny actually So Joe Rose's mailbox in the computer Yeah, right there where they keep the logs Yeah, so evidently maybe they got stuck in his box And when he came in Saturday to do his show he noticed there was a bunch of stuff in his mailbox Oh no, so he took it home to go sort through He's got a big hard on So I guess he came in this morning and was just sorting through his stuff to get ready for a show and Ah, producer just having to be sitting there and saw the logs and his Bunch of mail stuff that he was about to throw away the logs He's an asshole Because he didn't know what they were so he figured they were they were junk He's an asshole So if Joe Rose wasn't filling in for mad dogs today, we would never see the logs He's an asshole. He's gone Joe now you know why they come the little dog blockhead all these things That still doesn't solve the balance for life mystery though. Well, no, but but now that we know that nobody stole the logs That tells you to be honest here to over out nobody took the sex because they never got delivered Really we're still looking for the tapes What do you mean they're looking for the tape because it's the last nice tapes so they have to go find last nice tape Well, that's okay. Let's we'll drag it out So so the big mystery the big acquisition area is much to do about nothing come to find out that Joe Rose is a dumb Jack is what he is And took the logs home. That's no fun No, and especially when you work like about one day out of every two months like he does now on a station Why would he assume he'd give a big gosh meant low to mail like that? Well, he did it pilot and it piled up. He gets a lot of fan mail I'll just continue 1233 at 5.60 WQAM the chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee said yesterday Significant numbers of people from inside the government were coming forward with new information on U.S. intelligence failures Related to the 9.11 attacks on America BDI Senator Bob Graham Florida Democrats said some of those offering information to the joint investigation of the Senate House Intelligence Communists were emboldened by the recent explosions of FBI whistleblower Colleen Rally He also said it was becoming clear there are some people deserve to get sanctions as a result of what they were doing before 9.11 We're already getting significant numbers of people coming to us either in person or with materials that hadn't been previously known Graham told CBS's Face-dination program. I think the testimony of Ms. Rally has given encouragement to folks inside the federal bureaucracy In other words one whistleblower steps up and then all of a sudden everybody wants to blow it Senator Richard Shelby the ranking Republican on the Senate select committee on intelligence said Such failures extended beyond the FBI and CIA to the super secret national security agency and elsewhere Shelby also said the sweeping plan for a new Department of Homeland Security proposed last week by President Post did not effectively address the failures of intelligence gathering on covered so far In a stinging letter to FBI director Robert Mueller rally question is handling of information in accused FBI headquarters of hampering field agents from fully investigating Zacharias, Moussawi the Manifficial's novel even tended to become the 20th hijacker in the attacks Absolutely not it doesn't address the intelligence problems that we have Shelby told us CBS program This is a proposal of Congress's got to look at carefully Graham added. We're gonna have a full discussion on his plan and then we'll come out with a better plan Shelby said the public would be hearing of more instances of FBI and CIA intelligence failures Beyond the FBI spated a connected July memo by an agent in Phoenix concert about at least a man possibly connected to what some have been lot of taking flight lessons to the year August arrest a moussawi minnesota We will and I ended that NSA and other members of the intelligence community Shelby said we're gonna find that there were a lot of missed opportunities and a lot of Who will go back to lack of sharing of information I Do you like that, huh? I don't and lack of manpower and lack of coordination and lack of financing because we're too busy with a freaking war on drugs And I don't want to you know, P on anybody's parade, but since that previous article mentioned the $43 million That coal and powelt cheerfully presented to the Taliban a year ago a may year go last month as matter fact Just 13 short months ago 43 million And they had some show on irrigan last night ever get where the hell it was about how they were pressing the people I know what it was it was about the yuzu in a couple The reopening of the zoo and how they had to save some of the animals and so on I guess it was on the National Geographic when I was channel surfing And they showed all these little story eyed kids, you know who had been able to go to the zoo and I'm thinking to myself Here we knew that the women were being treated like dirt Like 50th class citizens Right even the men had a were there hair to a certain length they were being repressed There were there were no liberties of any kind soccer players were getting their feet cut off This was one of the most brutal totalitarian regimes in the history of the human race and yet We didn't give a flying crap. We couldn't care less about the Taliban We couldn't care about anybody's rights over there and as long as they agreed to stop growing a poppy's over there for the opium Hey, no problem. Look at me 43 made in because you'd be nice guys now. It was only after the attacks then we decided They were evil to urge up until at time. They were okay in our book I realized that's that's a bitter pill to swallow while you're waving your little flag there with a 50 stars and all the other bull crap and that's a bitter pill to swallow But it happens to be the freaking truth And what a wicked wicked price we pay here we never learn our lesson, you know Whether it's in Chile or in the caragual or whatever the hell it is we never learn our lesson Or was it whether was the shot of your ran we always can't fire what's come bags and as long as there are scumbags they're okay in our book Speak into this Coast guard warns of waterfront threat and you know to since the since the whistle blowing started Now everybody's screwing around to cover their ass. Oh, we got threats. We got scuba divers We got people are gonna come out from underneath fire hydrants everywhere under your bed Don't even be too sure about your mama about your toilet right apart from the toilet bull If there's a big hand that comes out of there guarantee won't be mr. Whipple it won't be the tidy bull man It'll be an evil doers The US Coast Guard is related information of a new national terrorist threat from scuba divers or swimmers along nations coastline You see a scuba diver An original maritime threat report went out fried in a government official said yesterday that the maritime industry Including ferry boats and cruise ships was notified by the Coast Guard The official would not speculate on scenarios or targets or discuss specific security actions taken by the Coast Guard or the security agencies A Coast Guard official and Washington told CNN the report was carefully thought out to get the word out to the right people A threat report was based on additional information that came into more than one federal agency involving both scuba divers and swimmers the official said see somebody swimming in the water get them Federal enforcement recently has been checking with scuba shops and dive schools to corroborate information already received US Coast Guard commander said yesterday that a warning and news released issued by the puget sound Washington Coast Guard unit was a little bit too aggressive And it had been misinterpreted to be limited to the waters of puget sound when effect was part of the national news threat alert issued Friday night But it was the puget sound units release of information now thought to be mistaken Now thought to be mistaken that triggered Sunday's clarification by the Coast Guard Coast Guard commander Jim McPherson said he could not say what agency at initial issue the warning No kidding discussed specifics of possible targets McPherson also said the alert was a new message and that the Coast Guard was working in conjunction with the FBI An additional maritime threat report. Now, there was they haven't got a freaking idea. What's going on? I don't like that. Oh, we do have this arrest today. Let's hear how many people are actually on the grounds there at the time. Oh, look at this No, I don't know how many are there Conceptions have you killed one who did a Missouri Abbey suit on that? I'm not sure how many people actually live there are there each day though I would guess 50 to 100 people would be there each day More guns From the scene which is pretty remote in our state We think we have at least three fatalities and one injured, but we think the count of go higher Well, that's amazing. Do you know who the shooter was was a shooter? Remember the community there? No, we have no idea like said we have officers on the scene the sheriff of not a way County will be handling the The reports and now what exactly is an Abbey? Like a church my know that but why do they call them an Abbey? I Don't know I mean like people are right letters there. Do they right like deer Abbey? I don't know why we'll find out. I'm sure anyway shooting in a Missouri Abbey it's like a North Cuck Concepts conception junction in Stream Northwestern Missouri 1240 at 560 WQM Father's days here make dead feels special like getting him a comfortable new pair of athletic shoes from our good friends and new balance stories But what do I love my newest pair there the best ever had they are need nifty New balance you'll find in pine crest haven't sure and book a retirement. They got fantastic prices for you and a whole family on the world's best Atomic shoes and right now till fondows day by any new balance you and get you a free cushion support in solar 30 dollar value I love these new balance shoes that I'm wearing my I'm not wearing them right now. I got bare feet But as soon as I go out to the robby warm him and man the comfort day give you and your feet feel great This is the way to go so go to new balance where the staff knows what we're and your feet like nobody else And they still measure it the old fashioned way to lengthen the width and your foot to make sure you get a perfect fit Each and every time do balance stores don't forget three locations for you in south Florida and Miami's Pinecres They're on the second floor of the oven to Ramal and in bulk in the town center or check them out on their website If you like a new balance Miami.com and don't forget until five years day by any new balance shoe and get a free cushion support Insol and be sure and tell them that the ill sent you by but hurry cuz the offer Trouble with others they get to the past Hey you go dad puppy father's day. What you get me this year? And then again what happy father's day? What you give me this year a pake here? What do you think it? Happy father's day. I run with their big hands. Oh, are you on drums? I'm a strategy reading. I don't want that crap this year get dead something you need Did you go dad puppy father's day anger management classes? What anger management classes had to fry Little bit 45 at five sixty wq. I'm just looking at this article. I have from the globe about Chelsea. Yeah, Chelsea baby shocker I'm thinking a great poll to take one day after we finish our one hit wonders The ugliest first lady or daughter of any president in the last 50 years for six years How many people do we remember? Elana Roosevelt? I don't remember what she looked like oh man. Gonna be hard to top her. You got Amy Carter Okay, Miss Lillian And you have Barbara Barbara Bobo bush Chelsea. I'd tell you Chelsea and and Ellen and Roosevelt on Miss Lillian to hard to pick amongst them and Amy I don't remember I know she was grow test, but I came back exactly what she looked like Look like her dad. Oh, kind of look like the outside of a bruised vacuum Did first former first daughter by two pregnancy test kits is palaces She wants to be a mom soon asks the globe Love struck Chelsea Clinton is done. Yes, I think she oughta kissed the ground that anything even close to be in alive Not that her boyfriend is much, but the club would even touch her She is nasty, man Love struck Chelsea Clinton is telling palaces he wants her boyfriend's baby and some fellow students believe she's already pregnant Chelsea is glowing this is one friend. She looks so happy and so much in love The former first daughter was seen buying two clear blue pregnancy test kits on special for 15 bucks at a pharmacy close to box for Universal in England or she's studying According to a person who claims to avoidness the purchase The source close to the University newspaper says the woman claimed to be shopping in the store and called to tip them off He declined in that vaults the name of the source, but added she said Chelsea was smiling as she waited for the package She's waiting for a package According to her Chelsea didn't see more of her concern She just let the kids into her bag told us that the counter-resistant then raised her eyebrows and said that's Chelsea That ugly bitch. That's Chelsea Just days later Chelsea called off a long time visit to Chicago to appear on Oprah The show was about TV and children. She was scared to talk about the passage she's penned for a new book by Professor James Beach Stire Who taught her when she was a student at Stanford It was recorded may 17th without Chelsea and aired may 20th rumors began to circulate around the ancient halls and corridors of Oxford Now Chelsea was having fellow student Ian Clous's baby. It didn't want to fly She won't answer any questions as her student pal, but the thing is that she's in the family way And does mind a bit She kept saying how much in love she is and how she wants a baby with Ian oh can you imagine what that baby's gonna look like oh God Her eyes were shining she just gust about him were soulmates will always be together. She told me I just want to share his life. I want to have Ian's baby. She said For sterilization baby for both To lay now I guess If ever there was a postage job for forced sterilization. It's Chelsea Climbing Stop and think about Ellen a rose of Elton, Miss Lillian Amy Carter and Chelsea. Oh Me 1249 at 560 WQM. We got the Absid-minded Professor Joe Rose for a mad dog a one if he remembers to show up He's already here. No, I know he's already there with the program logs, but what a no what are he got keen? You know what? Because he was kind of stupid although very entertaining and his own bizarre Dunno, yeah, but it was kind of stupid hey Poppino Park is where it's had in fact Mark Major. I want to salute Mark Major. I think it's the first time I ever catch the ticket I marked major well he didn't do a lot of driving in Pompino Park But Wednesday night that was my last night's a lot to over at Pompino Park and Saturday and Wednesday Too many night. I don't hold out a money. Not enough to like if or turnpike tools, but Too many nights back to back. It's an omen So thank you Mark Major wherever you are bailing me out the last race at Pompino on Wednesday You want to go have you a self a good time every Wednesday Friday and Saturday. It's live harness racing in its best at Pompino Park Post time 730 to PM free general parking free club house and grant sand admission every afternoon evening and of course You got sound locusting every day seven days a week starting a noon with high-light harness and third-brown action Pompino Park offers you the only nighttime horse racing action in the entire state here the Thunderring hooves and root home We're in from outside the track apron where can nearly reach out and touch the horses or Here for your favorite horse from our fifth floor sports bar and when you're out there at the apron Be sure and shout out while we hit a seat. How's it going? Every Wednesday is dominant a Pompino Park can grab your hot dog so-to-large press alert popcorn only a bucket piece and Wednesday Fridays and Saturdays when we have live racing in Pompino Park We offer a special audience can eat buffet on the fourth floor players lounge Soup salad tons of edges may not raise to choose from and great desserts all for one low price Be sure to get there early be four-fad rates because otherwise it won't be much left also Friday and Saturday is a carving station with turkey Ham primary pork or flank steak too. Pompino Park where the action is located on powerline road a blocks up the Atlantic Boulevard horse power You can Oh going on now We take three on sports video five sixties UAM Push the last one I can't wait to get rid of this bowl of curry general okay Too bold driving cross country in a brand new 18-wheeler I might fall around and have you load or just disconnect the trailer and go Behind jannethine or I'll be trucking on the road I'll have a chicken porridge day with every token rule night and fine And if I meet a living village, I don't have to reach any hit the ride I Resting place I'd go to wrap relates around mine face The show in jannethine or I'll be trucking on down the road The fellow junk away he's nation on and all the closer work at night And by the next mile mark roll help the silly by my side And with the stealing you'll be between my legs and the Billy sitting on my branch I'll be gonna free you know and I'll be trucking on down the road Rough 54 or 560 WQAM only a six minutes away from Joe roast for the mad dog And one thing we found out today if we had any doubts about Joe stupid. Yeah Speaking of jannethine or we know that's the reason I played this Huh, no, that's that's an interesting I love oh in fact let's do that again stupid. Yeah one moment please Dear field beats the fictional president of the west wasn't some float on Saturday promoted the candidacy of a woman He'd like to see in the governor's office and we're alive because you got any chance oh she got the Chinaman chance and hell Martin shean Spent the weekend with former attorney general jannethino adding star power to her to her bid to convince voters She can defeat a common janneth Governor Joe jemboish in November. I'm tongue tied just thinking about the prospects Which are none and much less than none One of the person my job as acting a presidency west is that I get to meet some of my heroes which is very gratifying Zijin who plays president Joe Sia Bartlett on the highly rated series the west wing He pointed to Reno as one of his heroes and said he was a huge fan The three-day campaign's when he started to fight in that with a fundraiser with the bill more or tell Mcgavels Saturday morning's rally at cemetery village do more than 700 supporters who rarely let Reno finish her sentences before bursting into a clause They kept going Others in attendance included a slew of local politicians in one time democratic governor Turalapone lowest Franklin democratic west Palm Beach Who dropped out of the race on Thursday while Franklin did not give her endorsement she spoke forcefully against bush and embraced Reno who leads in a polls for the democratic nomination But also trails the governor by double digits by a whole bunch A year ago we all thought the next lesson would be about the last election about votes not being counted Frankals said it's not about that It's about people being discounted by an arrogant governor Reno speech touched on class sizes and teacher salaries health care for senior citizens and growth management concerns She also continued with both the name of radio well some the missing Miami five-year-old who was supposed to be out of the state's watch for lie I don't want this to be a state that loses its children that walks out of its children Then neglects its children Reno said I want to be a state that cares about children and drags him kicking and screaming out of the ab Room closet And spider the fisherman I'm sorry Senior citizen Lee Bailey a dear field beach resident said she was pleased with Reno speech and was hopeful Though not convinced there were no convercom bushes leading the polls when nearly five months to go on a race Reno when she later went to rally in Democratic Hispanic caucus dinner and dance in Orlando in a period of rally in Tampa yesterday They went to a dinner and dance at the Democratic Hispanic caucus How do you like that if I do there was a big gathering there huh in Orlando Like I said Love this story if I have time from the York Daily News He's a regular guy. He's a model neighbor who walks to dogs just like my orlanski used to inspense a lot of time at the local little league field watching his grandkids play baseball Does that sound like a man reputed to be the new boss of the Gambino crime family? That after Peter gotty and 16 coat of friends were arrested by the feds on a host of labor racketuring Extortion gambling charges his son insisted his dad is only to boss at home. I don't know what