And we're Friday, you first, too. No, no, no, no, let's great bowl. No. Here's how the first UN inspection team may be greeted by Saddam Hussein. A.A. is known. I'm cherry Walker with a UN nice meeting you. Hello, hello. Here's my partner over here at E. Twinkle's Reynolds. Ha ha ha. Ehem. Mr. Trump. Edward Reynolds. Does it matter? I hate when he do that. Welcome to my carzone. Thank you very much. We'd like to take a look around. Absolutely. I have no condition for so wherever you may look around. We're going to take a look right over there in that office. There are right there in that area. Well, that office. We're going to take a look in there. I don't look in there. I mean, it's good, but there's nothing in there, but my order record collection. Jerry. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Oh, don't look over there. Here, here, here, here, here. Right. He's just a huge table cross on it. Oh, go, go, but there for haven't checked. Nothing. I'm hiding anything. Are you okay? I'm fine. I'm feeling a little moody. I calm down. I'm a little moody. I calm down. Sit down right over here. Get out of our way. I'm on your Andy's. Sit down right here. Go ahead. Edward. Edward. I'll get those kitchen cabinets up. Oh, go ahead. Look at you coming in. Look at you coming in. What's wrong? Look at you. I'm ready. Pretty good. Oh, we don't want to break no deal. Oh, but he can't. Right there. We go to lunch. Look over here. Yeah, we're at any point. Yeah. See how jewelry box on it. Oh, look at him. Look at him. Look at him. Oh, look at him. Oh, he's going to do it. Oh, he's saying on the x-base. Got his arms. Yeah, it's interesting. Right there. Okay, ready. Anywhere you want to look. You can look. That's Edward. I'm going to cooperate. We would you like to denies. So you don't go up to the moment. Right. Well, go into the dining room. So would you leave the room for a second? I want to get behind him. Hey, hey, hey. Who got? Can you slide over? Absolutely. Slide over. Just let me get him right here. I just want to look and see what's going on here. Can I just go back to me? Can I just go back to me? No, I don't want to hear. Boy, you can fast. I'm like a cat toy. I'm not hot to you. Yeah, let's get an hat or an ear, buddy. I'll tell you something. I hope you find what you want. Not us all. No, we're not. Oh, yes. Any, look. Oh, you know, I worked. I have the day. Any look. I'm not here. I'm Edward. I don't get. I have to make the poopy. I'm ready. I'm ready. Go back. Come back. Come back. I got one for a foodie. All right. We'll be back. 903 at 560 WQM. Happy Friday 2. You don't want to forget to mention so far. I'm not that we've been on. I'm a dance and walking. Right. Get the organ grinder cranked up. Great line there, Mo. Not. Pretty weak. Anyway, I want to thank the fish who is one of the chronic colors on our morning show, which believe me, they need all the help they can get. Because he called it. And they said, you got to admit it. How already said that stuff that Neil Rogers has planned about use. He got them. And fish, you got to work on your little bit. Better work on it a little bit. But he was doing like a take off on that. And the Mo, I guess, was a little bit too slow on the air. Take to understand that he was. Go, go, go, go. Like making fun of him a little bit. And then, of course, that went. He launched into a whole thing about. Wow. I haven't listened since. So my birthday, which was June 3rd, I was doing the third. And I was like, no, but you have to be our trained monkey. Listen to that show. And then we had a rumor from somebody in our sales department that some dark, complexed color called him, which is about 80% of most audience, by the way. Maybe someday somebody will show them how to switch the dial. But at any rate. And he took great exceptional that it sounded like that comment by Jimmy, the Greek, you know. Jimmy, the geek. Yep. And who was the other one? And then, of course, Howard Kossal, that little monkey, Alvin Garrett, that little monkey, that sounded like a racial thing to me. Maybe we'll have to look into that. And anyway, thanks for the plug, Mo. He's got a, there wasn't that close to a plug. When he said, they'll get the organ rider cranked up. Yeah, that. At least he's getting them ready for the show. Thanks a lot, Mo. He's listening up a little bit. I know he would. It just a matter of time. Yo, yo, yo. Before he loosens up. Of course, I guess when you get raped that many times, you do loosen up. But anyway, rape is not funny, by the way, George. So quit yucking it up. We have 962 votes on our pool from yesterday, which we'd have a lot more than that, except for the fact we want to apologize our Eric wants to apologize to anybody who tried to vote desperately this morning. You know, like a lot of people were going to work. I would think, and they clicked it on and see what the result is. They want to like throw in there of penny in a half, but they couldn't get on there for like all morning until about what was recorded 9. So we'd be over a thousand more not for that. And of course, we don't want to show up anybody. So we don't want to go over a thousand. Do we want to wait, they pull, that would be bad. It would be like showing off. Although we did go over a thousand that day. I asked about the job you did last summer this past summer. Yeah. And some of the votes were even real on that pool. Anyway, and then see, I don't know if there's any bogus votes on here or not. Now you do, but I think if you if you check all the polls, this president is popular. I know that's a very scary thought. Uh, I know. And by the way, you haven't even given a chance to say, was she a bully over the rise? Because the American public, which he anticipates, how do you think he got in the first place besides seeing who the next were votes? Like buying lots and lots of money and cheating and do the right in line. I hope you can buy crook but nevertheless, it was good enough for Kennedy. He got in by a cheating and line. Kennedy's had all that money. See, basically, we think we're not a monarchy, but we are. We have two rural families. We had the Kennedys, which they're on a way out. And now we got the bushes who are back in. Oh, the bush people. 962 votes. If you had a chance to recast your vote for the president in 2000, what would you be doing? I vote the same. I vote for Al Gore. And I got ahead into those people. Well, you got some real balls, you know what? Because even as wooden and as terminal as he is, he is just pathetic. 482. Look at that. We just had a change. 482. Oh, 1968. You know something we will get over a thousand. You want to know why? Was that? Because today's poll isn't going to go up for quite a while. Hey, sit back and relax and enjoy your breakfast. Is okay, Eric, because our poll today's going to be working progress. Anyway, 482 would do the same as they did two years ago. They'd vote for a good ol' Al Gore. I vote the same for Bush 202 in spite of it. I did vote in 2024. 13.8% you people ought to be horse-wive. We're going to get what's your name. Merlin, Mary Jane, Mary Ann, Merlin, Tuggood. Madeline. Madeline Tuggood and her goddamn, uh, Muck cases, her Irish tinkers. We're going to come to your house and beat the snot audio just because you could have a such a big difference. Oh, we needed was another couple of thousand votes. I mean, the difference was 500 something, but, you know, that wouldn't have been enough. But I think if we had like about another 10,000 votes, I would have been enough to put the girl with the top, which we didn't want, girl, we just didn't want Bush. Gor was just the anti- Bush. Anyway, I voted for Gor, but now I vote for Bush 71. I voted for Bush, but now I vote for Gor 28. So the Bush might be a fix of 43 there. I vote the same for NATO 23. You know something? When we're finished going to those people who didn't vote in with an M, we're going to go to the people that the Stubborn Nader crowd. I mean, what would that possibly prove? What would that accomplish me? I'm at a lot. Other than these are a bunch of stubborn, she should have hit people. They're both easy. I don't know. No, well, seriously. How can you still vote for NATO? Anyway, I voted for NATO, but now I vote for Gor 14. And I voted for NATO, but now I vote for Bush 71. So there's a net gain of seven for Big Al. So let's see 43 less seven is 36. And then I vote for Big Can, but I really meant to vote for Gor. That's the Palm Beach crowd. We got seven of those. And that's price you. So Bush picks up a net of 29 in our survey here with 968 votes in a way to go, because like I said today's poll would be a work in progress. You know, I wasn't even aware of this story, but a poll. Thank you, Paul. I'm not that she's got anything to do with it. But that story about Sodom being pushed into exile. And he's saying, I don't think so. 10 USA today. The United States and some of its era allies have been going to quiet effort to diffuse the Iraq crisis by persuading Sodom to yield power and go into exile. And he's saying, no. And initial overture came in August when, see, all the, you know, if you just leaves the keys to all those oil refineries, that's all we care about. And initial overture came in August when Gutterys for ministers suggested to Sodom that it consider stepping down to avoid a devastating war with the US. Sodom angrily told a guitarian diplomat to leave according to three Arab diplomats. The dealer was part of a strategy to see whether Sodom faced with defeat and possible death in the US and what followed other dictators who fled crisis and gone into exile. Now, they were saying, on that CNN thing this morning, oh, well, well, well, what country would take him in? Are you kidding me? He'd be on a French Riviera in a half an hour. No, you think? I think they never met a scumbag lunatic that they didn't like. Not so far. It's unclear whether the US or Arab states initiated the Gatorre overture. And if I, as a matter of fact, didn't he build that nuclear ranker that he has really blew up with a help of the frogs? I'm sure he did. Yes, he came from France. It's unclear whether the US or Arab states initiated a Gatorre overture. Administration officials made clear this week they could have said such and now come as an alternative to war, but the administration doesn't want to appear to be the originator of the idea for fear would kill any chance that Sodom would accept. A senior state comproman official speaking of course on the condition of strict anonymity. There's no way we had that Steve Evanshouse and Davey. What do you want? Or is that Todd Dreck? Said that although continued freedom for Sodom is contrary to US official policy, it's a scenario we have to come to terms with. He said the US still would have to deal with elements of Sodom's regime that might remain in Iraq. Well, there you go. So here's a little possibility. It probably isn't going to happen, but there's something something to twittle around a little bit. And here's our poll for today. Oh, and now we ought to also tell the audience about a great job that our salespeople did. Shoulder may? Of course they got a trip out of it. They deserve salespeople our households. They deserve kudos. Boy, you are an idiot. Well, they would then monumental task of selling that summer, you know. Oh, that's right. I forgot about that. That was part of the whole package. They had a cell out to summer show while George was on it. And I saw some of those logs, you know, because actually did do if he shows the summer a couple of one. And it was pretty packed. There were a lot of spots on there. They made budget two months. They made budget both those two months. And as we saw ourselves, the apartment is getting rewarded. And they're getting sent to Vegas. For how long? I don't know. Two hours. For like a weekend, something like that. They're being all shr... I slept out to Vegas. And I'm suggesting I'm just want to plant the idea kind of suburbably. That maybe they just might take a time to wreck up to the top of the stratosphere, you know. Oops. Oh, there goes Todd. Remember what a good guy he used to be there. And of course being about two feet tall like he has been a little a little a pution, a little piece of tear. He wouldn't even leave like a mark on the strip, you know it. And that would be it. Oh, look at that. Somebody, uh, there's a chocolate ant. Oh, no, that would be a horse. Troy's draft would be a chocolate ant. There's one of them dangerous white ants on the sidewalk. Somebody just stepped on it. That'd be it in to him. So here's our poll question for today. If you could program your TV to block out one person who would it be. And we're not seeing some of his suggestions. You're just had came in on a fact since yesterday's show. I mean, it's silly. Like Mayor Pingu Piccania, I just we understand you hate him, but we've done that pool already. Okay. He's he don't have a TV show. He doesn't appear on TV except on the news. And he's small potatoes. He's small potatoes like Todd Dreck. We're talking about people who pop up on your TV like all the time that just nauseate you. You don't want to see that again. Uh, if you could program your Center block out one person who would be not. I've made a short list here so far. Brian or across, which I think lately he should be on your mind. Dr. Phil. And then of course, be on a shadow of a doubt. I think there'll be a lot of people who would say Oprah. And then Jesse Jackson. George W. George W. Bush. Larry King. Uh-huh. A lot of people that want to see him in those nifty suspenders. Martha Stewart, who's got more tourists by the way. Yes. Emma Lagassie. And then this morning I'm watching. And he certainly not news that were put on there. The obnoxious with his donkey teeth, Richard Quest. Oh, man. Doesn't he have donkey teeth? He has the most gross test. He's everything that we hate about the brits is right there and that package. Richard Quest. He'd be the best. So that's the list so far and I'm sure we'll end it. What way? We should. I'm sure we will. I got my vote. And which is that? Oh, W. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Well, even after he made a friend of the overchirb by saying, Good morning. I don't know. What's wrong? It's like Moses. Crank up the organ grinder. Crank up the organ grinder. Okay. Mo. Whatever you say. Yo. Yo. 913 at 560 WQA. Matt for shopping. The traditional the old fashioned way. Forget about it because it's a wasted time. Pick up the phone and call our good close personal pals at the dialometrist joint. And they'll be on their way no time at all. Then I say, joint. See, this isn't. Tydrex account. 1 800 mattresses. The number to call 1 800 mhtt rds. Instead of sluck it all over town. The wasting jazz and time and energy and a lot of money. And then winding up with a crap mattress to boot. The idea is called dialometrist 1 800 mhtt rds. Now, the hook up with a kind of mattress you like to sleep on. The size, the twin, the king, the queen, the in between. The firmness that you're liking of course the top name brands. No off-brands at dialometrist. They don't pop ski around with so with crap. They got surd at. They got ceeleaks. Simmons Kingcore. The best manufacturer is in the world. And they never bait and swoosh you either. Exactly the mattress you order. That's the one that they'll bring right to your door. And they'll bring it pretty damn quick too. Any to our winner that's convenient for you. Any day to week seven days week. You won't have to waste a whole day of your life sitting on your hands and he's praying that somebody might show up. And they also give you unbelievably that 30 day in home comfort guarantee. So you can test the mattress out the smart way by sleeping on it. And they have exceptionally low everyday prices that are unbeatable. So if you want to get to a new mattress, if the old one isn't doing the job anymore, do it the easy to smart way. Like I always do called dialometrist. At 1 800 mhtt rds. Or check them out on that wicked worldwide web at mattress.com. I'm a man who is just going to go back to you. You way yeah. Our every play every day. With more than looking so good will they give Martin a little bit of a break. Well the guy the guy that's that that. Yeah, Chad we'll get a little a little bit of a break in there. And it's not a pretty good job for us. But it's hard. It's not easy for Chad to just get a lot of playing time on offense. But because Lamont said, and Lamont maybe has as good a hand as anybody on our football team. Now you're sent my kick off returns back with Chad. And so that's a pretty good pair that we have there. And then he goes of course alternates in and helps re-release the mattress. And he's going to have a good time. And he's going to have a good time. And he's going to have a good time. And he's going to have a good time. And he's going to have a good time. And we have there. And he goes of course alternates in and helps relieve Curtis a little bit. And then Chad comes in in some special situations. Well we'll see you down here the third week of the season. Okay. Get your early this year. Yeah. Yeah. Where we go. Yeah. Well maybe I don't know. There are one run one there and we're going to beat the jet to right now. I was on both sides of the night. I don't have a figure out. I just hope a stage of way it is right now. I'm saying thank you so much for coming. I'm going to afford to see you. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. I'm fine. My quest off join us here on Sports Radio 5 60 QAM. Hey. It's Alan. Alan David. Tonight on E. Entertainment Television. Mr. President. I hear that you're hung like a hamster. One size does not fit all. Yeah. But they see you've only got an inch. Never less than inches better than nothing. Tonight on E. I heard that you got one of those penal extensions. That thing that felt it's not needed. I think we have to do an interim pool. You're my living use speechless. No. I'm on the phone with who? Here it is. Oh well that's good. It's good you're on the phone with there. See it's a psychic thing because Eric was nowhere the fact that I was going to do an a rempo. We're writing it down so that we can pass it to him. You're writing what down? The pole. No. I just got through saying see you're like two obsessed with him. Forget about him. He ain't on the air. Okay. He's small potatoes. We're going to do an interim pool because we're putting the other one together. The other one is a working progress. So I've had an wasting time on our website. I've got a great interim pool. Okay. Inspired by my good close personal friend, the fish from this morning's Mosho. Huh? No. This is good stuff. This is an important pool. Let's see. And I'm going to let's put it together right here under your the mobits. Now they're going to know what I'm talking about. The mobits that Neal plays are got it. Got it. Mobits here. The best. Very funny. Okay. Week or disrespectful. Huh? That good? Great. Okay. Here you go. Very quick. Well, I can put together a pool man in no time. Well, I'm a pool man. That was a good bit for Boca Brian. Huh? I'm a pool man. I can hear right now. The mobits that Neal plays are the best. Very funny. Okay. Week or disrespectful. Because you know, they're probably some people who feel like they're going to die. Right. We're like maybe over doing something. Okay. So that's our interim pool. And then we'll work on the other one. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So anyway, that's wasted all that time and low and behold, here's the article listing without my little scratching안, because, like, like freaking magic. That's an old man. Baby. He just got to be a great week and, and then a pay principle kickass on Sunset, I mean, the dolphins will kickass on Sunset. Ha? Oh, brother. Who did often play in this week, by the way? Oh, that's right. They're playing a Kansas city, uh-oh-oh. Well, I'll tell you one thing right now since I tried to be fair. If they actually went out there and play a good game. play a good game. I'm gonna give him credit. Then I'll be start to be a believer. Because they beat three real pansy team so far they'd be three little girl teams, three teams that probably could have had a tough time beating the long beat state or temple or one of those little teeny tiny little girl schools that's a herkoans pick on every week. By the way herkoans and pipe her hide this weekend. So Molly Ivins writes, Mr. Bush, not way, I better take a look at the final thing on this week before he gets a cocky enter 982 votes. Let's see 43, less 7.36, I've been to Argentina state the same 29. So Bush picks up 29 votes. We declare him the official winner now. Okay. Even though you don't like it. I don't like it. I don't care if you're like it or not. I don't like it either, but that's the way it is. Okay. Like when these polls come out and give like 65 and 70% approval rating, you think I like that, but that's the way it is. That's America, baby. Zina America, as the Chinese say. Molly Ivins says, Mr. Bush, not the insanity. No, this is not acceptable. This is not the company we want to be. This is not the world we want to make. The United States of America is still run by its citizens. The government works for us. Rank imperialism and warm-ungering are not American traditions or values. We do not need to dominate the world. We want to need to work with other nations. We want to find solutions other than killing people, not in our name, not with our money, not with our children's blood. I rarely years the word we because it's so arrogant for one citizen to presume to speak for all of us, but on this one, I know we want to find a way that killing is the last resort not the first. We'd rather put our time energy money and even blood into making peace than making war. The National Security Strategy of the United States 2002 is repellent on this to Serena Bobolyn practical. Americans are famous for pragmatism and we need a good dose of common sense right now. This will not work. All of the experts tell us anti-Americanism thrives on a perception that we are arrogant that we care nothing for what the what the rest of the world thinks, even our innocent mistakes are often blamed on obnoxious triumphalism. The United States of the Administration for World Domination reinforces every paranoid anti-American prejudice on this earth. The plan is to guarantee to produce more terrorists. Even if this country were to become some insane 21st century version of Sparta, armed to the teeth, guards and every foot of our borders, we still wouldn't be safe. Not only would we not be safe, we wouldn't have a nickel-efficer schools or health care roads or parks or zoos or gardens or universities or mass transit or senior citizens or the arts or anything roads resembling civilization. This is nuts. This creepy-automary-conduacumant has a pedigree going back to Bush 1 when, surprise, titanium-pal woephalwoods were at the Department of Defense. In those days it was called Defense Strategy for the 1990s and was supposed to be a definitive response to the Soviet threat, then the Soviet threat disappeared and the same plan reemerges as a response to the post-Soviet world. It was roundly criticized at the time its manifest weakness is attacked by both right and left, now it's back yet again as the answer to post September 11th. Sort of like the selling of the Bush tax cut needed in surplus, needed in deficit needed for rain and shine, the plan exists to part from rationale. As Francis Fitzgerald points out in today's New York review of books, its most curious feature is the combination of frumphalism and almost unmitigated pessimism. Until last Friday when the thing was released at its in its new incarnation it contained no positive goals from her comp policy, not one. Now the plan is tricked out with rhetoric like earrings on a pig about extending freedom toocracy and prosperity of the world, but as the New York Times said it sounds more like a pronouncement that the Roman Empire or Napoleon might have produced. It is it is it is it is it is it is it is indeed a dangerous and uncertain world we need to cooperate with other nations as never before under this doctrine we claim the right of first like use of nuclear weapons and unnoticed preemptive strikes. That means the prize attacks happy Pearl Harbor Day we've just proclaimed ourselves bully of the world. This reckless hateful and ineffective approach to the rest of the world has glaring weaknesses and announces that we intend to go in and take out everybody else's New York's whenever we feel like it, meanwhile we're doing virtual nothing to stop their spread. Last month Ted Turner's nuclear threat initiative had opponent of five million dollars to get poorly secured weapons grade uranium out of Belgrade, privatizing this armament and why didn't we think of that before? The final absurdity is that the plan is supposed to stop change. There's no one in the administration read history. Where it's indicated commenced Mary Ivan, Molly Ivan, whatever the hell it is. That's going Molly. Come on she even did a little bit of net commentary for Molly. That a better girl, that a boy, whatever. I want to know why I wanted to play that. Anyway, okay, let's see the best. I'm sorry. We got our mini poll up. This is just an inter-middle poll here while we're working on the other one. Are we getting any taxes on the other one? No. They can fax in 650190830560190. Facts in one person you'd like. A big one from Big Army and Big Army chronic facts are yes. Al Sharpton. Good one. Yes. Excellent. Al Sharpton. Just he Jackson can be on it. We don't want to be discriminated. Al Sharpton's good. Crank up the Oregon Grinder for real. I'm sorry. 26 past nine at five 60 WQM with your busy lifestyle. You need all the energy you can. All the health insurance thing could help. Especially in at heat and humidity. I'm understanding it's still 148 degrees in the shade and humid is a look at tropical swamp. So why not start popping some olio-med in your push real soon? Olio-med is a great new part of contains all kinds of good stuff for you. The best olive oil appears to you'll find anywhere along with vitamins and minerals and robles to promote health for all different parts of your body. This one product designed to help your heart. One to lower your blood pressure. One for your cholesterol. One for your prostate. All in soft shell little capsules that like I said you just pop in your ugly push. They make one product for your circulatory system. One for your digestive. Your endocrine system. Your skin and bones even your mind. All using the benefits of the best olive oil known to man and older men make products for men and ladies as well. You can pick it up all over town. More and more people are using Oliometh now. You've find it at Whole Food Markets. Walgreens. Sonana was in a pharmacy and speaking of Walgreens. Watch out in plantation. I'm Monday right behind Walgreens. Why? Pizza law baby. I'm going to hook it up again. For more info call Oliometh tool free at 1-866 Oliometh. That's 1-866 Oliometh which you can also order their most prestigious website if you like it. Oliometh America.com. Food cheated the toilet.ặt smashed to假s Mad moist Facebook Rajesh seit Wokubo to sex I got mains on my nose, nobody knows that under my clothes I wear pantyhors, but that no being that I'm gay. If you think my arms are bad, you ought to see my legs. I might as well keep on smoothing, shave, and show a little glass the next time I'm raping him. I could go to a surgeon, but that gives me the shivers. I would not want to walk, I would not like Joel Rivers. Where am I? I fired the beast, the fat little freer, I did him a favor. Now we can afford to meet. The reason I dismissed that stick and fat bastard, is because he wouldn't shut up and he can't play conaster. I was so many talker over there, nobody talked when I raped. I raped and you talk. Like, look at me, I'm hit, I ain't no swear, I'm a thing done, getting man, I'm really dead. I ain't by a any one I want, I don't care. Especially if they make me flip my wig made a smelly green hair. I get by and by myself, it even happens to the greens. Once one said you get out of here, we break your legs. But now I sit by the bull, life's as good as it gets. With my paladin cocktail, placing bets on the gins. You power dives, power dives, and I guess nobody's assing power dives. I'll be sure that the screw gets when I get the chain. But the greens aren't ready with my line green pants. I won't hesitate, Kelly calling good play. It was just a little thought, so what I left this day. I think that's funny, one of the hellish buddy. I can do what I want, because the management loves me. Can I tell you something mo, something you ought to know, but along this time, I want to do to be my home. Who am I, Typhal? Now I am straight, palma. Who? Who's the video door? I don't take no for an answer to that. I'm not a good boy. I'm not a good boy. I'm not a good boy. I'm a good boy. I'm a good boy. I'm a good boy. I'm a good boy. I'm a good boy. I'm a good boy. I'm a good boy. I'm a good boy. I'm a good boy. I've heard its treat five, six, the WQM. Okay, look at how we got 40 votes already, and our little mini interim polar. The meal, the moverts in the old plays are the best, 12, very funny 11. Okay, seven, week six, and this respectful. Four. Four. Four. I don't you feel bad about what? About the fact that you were like playing the combs there on the last bed. You're part of, you're a partied all of this. Hey, if you can play an instrument, you got to do it. That is magnificent. Anyway, so we got our little interim polar, and we're not getting any response on the other one, right? No, we got one. Good one. And our sharp time was good. The kid from the del commercials. Oh, Steve from the del commercials, whatever his name is. Steve in parentheses from the del spots. Del computer spots. Yeah, he makes me say I would agree. And you know another one, who, which you know who this is. Carlos knows who this is because he loves informers. Billy Mays. Okay. No idea. From the orange clean and he was on the shopping channel. I was channel surfing the other day, and he was on a damn home shopping network. He was a pedaling at orange crack. Yeah, he's not all that. She's openly been on for 12 hours. The archerway to pass on on. Harry, a squeeze this and squeeze that and he's squeezed all over the place. Squeeze near oranges. Everything can get his hands on. Billy Mays. What do we put in parentheses? Orange clean. Okay. Huh? Don't know who that is. Or anybody. For commercial. Orange clean informers. But that's a long thing. But Eric and Han, let's say, a lot of space on the site. Eric's got a lot of room on that website because he's underruns. Under a lot of stress. He's under tremendous pressure after you guys yesterday. We're threatening. Take away a part of his livelihood. That was that was very cool. Now that was that's respectful. Off that was disrespectful. I was bad. That was really bad. He'll by the way. Orange glow. That orange clean. No, it's orange clean. It's orange glow. Yeah, it's oxy clean and orange glow. Well, it's orange glow. Okay. What? There's the man who know his orange glow. I know. And you know something see I went through that phase too. But after you see like Ron Popeo for the 600th time, you just, you know, our machine. Here's our machine. And here's another machine. And you can go by those flimsy machines. But our machine. And not only that, but how many of them. Super little chickens you want to cook anyway, you know? 100. Oh, God. 61 votes on there. The mobits that he plays are very funny. 20. 20. 20 said that. The best 19. That's 39 right there. That's 64%. Okay. 12. Just the. Okay. Okay. See the people that say, okay. We always have to put a category around for those people because they don't want to go overboard. They don't want to give you like too much praise for any. Yeah, that was okay. That was an alright show. But yeah, that was okay. Fair. And a week. A week six. And this respectful still only four. So let's see four. Screw in. Greg. Mo and guilty have voted. Four. I'm not going to read this just cold. Is this okay? Is this dirty? This is a little joke that you just asked me. No, it's clean. It was the end of that time during Sunday morning service for the children's sermon. All the children were invited to come forward. One little girl was wearing a particularly pretty dress. She sat down the patch of the over and said, that's a very pretty dress. Is it your east to dress? The little girl replied directly into the patches. Put on microphone. Yes, and my mom says it's a bitch to iron. Alright. Thank you very much. Don't kill about 10 seconds. Thank you. If you could program your TV to block out just one person who would it be. So far we got Brian or cross. Dr. Phil Oprah. Jesse Jackson George W. Billy Mays the orange glow in from our commercial guy. Larry King. Martha Stewart. Emma Lagassie. Richard Quest with a donkey ass in the donkey tea. Question and the donkey breath. Yes. Al Sharpton. And Steve from the Alcomputer spots. It's Steve man. Dude, you're getting the deal. Oh brother, I'd like to beat him with a 2 by 4. Right after we finish with Todd Dreck. And we don't have to worry about Todd. In fact, Roy Strattford promised me this morning that they're taking him on a little surprise trip to the, to the New York New York. You know where they have the, on on top they got the thing. Nope. They have a thing. The roller coaster ride. Oh, that's right. There was no New York New York when you were in the bus. I was hit by the pool and watched them built it. Oh. And there was no Venice and there was no Paris and there was no, uh, nothing. Or even go back one of these days. In fact, maybe if you talk real nice to the sit to the screw-in, go back there. Huh? Sure, some naked pictures of. Roooo! Something like that. Maybe that plenty. That plaster mold we have of Roy's penis. Maybe a square might say, hey, let's take the little George Alignon and trip because we know that he worked so hard to keep those ratings up during the summer. Even though it didn't work, but we know we worked very hard to try to do it. Anyway, you asked to have, uh, this is from the International News. This is hysterical. You asked to have military superiority be, because it's very special. You following that? Nope. Well, wait till you're this. The United States should maintain its military superiority in the world and keep other nations from challenging it because it is a very special country. Atop White House official said late Wednesday. The US is a very special country and that when we maintain the position of military strength that we have now, we do it in support of a balance of power that favors freedom, so national security adviser, Condolese, or Rice, appearing on PBS's The News, our would Jim Lera. She made the comment as she defended a new US national security strategy that was under their last Friday and at Laze Defoundation for preemptive military strikes. The one that Molly Evans was talking about that Molly was tearing her hair out at the roots. The strategy also declared that Washington will not allow any other country to attain military superiority or even parody with the US. We just won't, uh, stand still for it. The documents been rally criticized at home and abroad as they claimed to the US dominance in the world. Why said that in this question maintain its criminal territory status, the US did not want to act alone and welcome military contributions from other like-minded states. But when it like little underlings, you know, but if it comes to allowing another adversary to reach military parody with the US in a way that the Soviet Union did, no, the United States does not attend a lot of that to happen. The national security adviser be seen because when that happens, there will not be a balance of power that favors freedom, she stressed. There will be a balance of power that keeps part of the world in tyranny the way the Soviet Union did. The national security adviser be seen. How do you like that? So, if anybody else out there wants to like try to compete with us, well, guess what? But I'm being that's the end of you. Okay, don't mess with us. Don't try to get close to us. Don't be developing no anything. Or we'll come and get your ass. So we have a new American, if in way, how do you like that? Thanks again to my good friend, the fish. I'm sure he's voting on this thing because he said, Several times he said that, he likes it. Even if we are monkey around a little bit, what's wrong with a little bit of monkey around, huh? You know what we ought to get? What? For when I come back, I think it would be hysterical if I got one of those little organ grinders things. We'll work on that. Yeah, let's get one of those. And then every morning we can grind our organ right there at 9 o'clock. May it was we do the transition. That really was kind of like a promo. That was the first. There was like at least recognition in our alive. Hi, Scott and Airmo. You're losing them up just a little bit. See, I think the thing I really got to him was the fact that we let out of the closet to think about his wife or in the jet's cap in a stance. See, I'll give it an example. Like rumors, divorce of the Panthers on TV right has been since day one. If peril, my good friend, his wife was wearing like a Columbus yellow jacket, straight jacket, blue jacket cap in a stance. I don't think that would sit very well with the organization. You follow him saying, it would be bad style, bad idea. And if like, remember, had Veracos Wayne, which I don't know if he doesn't know what I know, but if he did. And he painted him like yellow or like say, white and blue, like the maple leaf colors. And here he's the Panther broadcast here. I think that would go over like, Colava in China, not too big. I'm just, I could be wrong about that. 941 at 560 WQM happy Friday 2. It's a great. This has been quite a week, you know what? I told you that Monday. Did 9 this was going to be a monumental week. I had a feeling in my bone. I just, I just knew it. Is there still anybody out there alive who isn't playing at VIP Sportsports.com? Any of you degenerates? Then you better get with it. A lot of ads are on here these days, but you need to do some research before you put down your Harder and Cash at some unstable third world sportsbook like in Costa Rica where they are doing it with like 10 year old kids. Let me help you out. VIP Sportsbook.com is the only book to be unanimously endorsed by the industry watchdogs. They're Dutch based. And one of the first online sportsbooks, Dutch based. I mean, like over there, you're not having sex with 10 year old kids. They're just smoking to join for it. It will warm it up. Anyway, if you want to go on a roll of a lifetime, you want to be with the best sportsbook in a world and that's VIP Sportsbook.com. By the way, when you call these people or talk to my line, be sure, matching Gary Surners name. They will laugh their ass off. Football season is in full force. The Patriots going to win their fourth and road to Sunday against San Diego. And need to be with the best VIP Sportsbook.com over in the workout online. And that means you get you a 15% extra cash on our bonus. Then I mentioned they got the highest parlias you'll find anywhere in the world. And they do up to 2001 incredible. So get over to VIP Sportsbook.com and punch it a book with some serious class. Call toll free 1-866 VIP Betts. That's 1-866 VIP Betts. And don't forget, if you want to sign up online to get that 15% bonus, it's VIP Sportsbook.com where you do be the VIP. Where are you exploding balls? Has that been you? Inside the tunes, Martha, your true. Since the handcuffs are thrown your hands, as they take you away. And hold alone in the thick of it. Since you have this but better at one around you. And you're the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one Theさ it says this poof is obviously Rubber Murdoch's boy toy. Every time I see him bubbly his lines on GOP TV, I hit the button off so fast, it crashes through the back of the TV console. He is amateur hour would be an embarrassment to the amateurs. He's seven steps below that. Jim Rom, Deon Sanders, Bill O'Reilly, and Condolee's a right. Good choices. They're going to put them on. Okay. We had another one on Bill O'Reilly, by the way. Okay, yeah Bill O'Reilly, how can we leave him off? See, the reason I don't outside out of mind, because I don't have Fox News up here, thank the Lord. Thank him too. 113 votes on our mini pool. We'll start the other one at 10 o'clock. Okay. I think we got enough here to get going. We can always add on to it later. Keep an error on his toes. On his Tippy toes. Can you see a error on his toes? In tights in a two to two. I don't think so. Just try to light them up a little bit after yesterday you guys threatening him with like a station. That was bad. That was really. Of course, here's Carlos coming in there and you're giving him encouragement. He's like just hovering over like a vulture. This way you pick up the pieces of the bones of the chicken bones that he really believes behind. I'll tell you one thing. You'd be fup you'd pork up in a hurry, man. If you just picked up the droppings from his entry, oh, that's bad. 113 times. What was that? No, Paul. What are our entourage rail droppings anyway? You don't want to know. The moments that Neil plays are very funny 38 to best 33. That's changing again. 122. Forty say very funny. The best 36. Okay, 23. So that's a service. 70. Oh, but that's a lot. Week 14. And this respectful. Nine. So let's see. We got the 18%. That's our usual 18% of secretary. Whatever it is. The number I was given 18%. Yes. Yeah. So 82% like a malot. I don't think I have any of men here at the moment. What's that? Oh, see. I don't have any of men here. That's good. Anyway, Richard Goldman. And I read what Richard's letters to somewhere. I was just reading maybe it was on Tompane.com. Richard Goldman is a noted author and speaker of military and political history from Florida. His latest novel, the 95th regarding the government scandal and cover up in 1945 of the 95th in the country division is due on in full publication early 2003. So any, he sends me an op-ed piece that he sent to the Washington Post that they're going to use next week. So we can preview it right here. Thank you, Dick. Richard and Carl Springs. Tail gunner George is the heading. It says like Senator Joe McCarthy wanted us to believe that there was a communist under every door to create publicity for himself. Raised a political rhetoric in this country and turned a country against itself. So too in 2002, we begin to see the same problem commence once again. The current president, Nadla, unlike tail gunner Joe, sees a terrorist under every door, under every cover, and under every country's door mat. By turning up the rhetoric by calling Senate Democrats on American and not concerned with the safety of America, GW has turned the clock back to full-scale political rhetoric and tried to divide not only Congress, but the American people as a whole. Never beat that's whole with a W. Never before in this country's long political history, we had a president use war in the threat of wars, a political tool game to Congress. Wilson was drawn to WWE one by control's not of his own. Roosevelt while aware of the Japanese threat was still caught off guard by his isolation tactics when first to pan attack the Pearl Harbor and then the excess of Hitler and Mussolini declared war on the US in Europe. Truman and Eisenhower put their collective noses in Korean Vietnam, starting off a chain of events that culminated with the unwise gulf of talking resolution by Johnson. Even Johnson didn't ratchet up the rhetoric for a few of his own empire would fall from protest back home, which is exactly what happened forcing him not to seek reelection in 68. Divide the excuse of the current president that we were attacked and must defend our homeland for we were never attacked before is morally reprehensible, politically repugnant and his children of history knew too well, false on its face. When the Japanese Empire attacked Pearl Harbor, Merckon's oil was entered and destroyed, in a single moment the Japanese changed wherever the balance of the world is a whole. When the attacks of September 11, 2001 commence, this was done not by a single nation in her people, but a collective effort of individuals who were trained in one land, finance, by another, and sent to kill civilians for no reason other than to kill. The US has a president who continues to try to sell his war on Saddam Hussein to the American people, calling him a terrorist while still calling him a likes of Saudi Arabia and other terrorist breeding American-hating countries, all in the name of friendship, read closer oil interests. My fellow Americans we are for the first time in a crossroads where an administration is willing to be put on its own to find an enemy that is weak, poses little or no threat to this nation, in typical war-mongering fashion now uses its own nations people to turn against one another. The current president's also tried to example World War II in his rhetoric on how this nation must go to war with its enemies just like in 1941. Perhaps the current president forgets or never learned that in 1941 the US went to war on a world scale, having first only focused on Europe. The Pacific leader in the Japanese came about as a result of such issues as the steel and oil embargo imposed on the Japanese and other isolationist moves by the west where the Japanese people. Right along the Japanese miscalculated the purpose of response to their response which was out of desperation. The Japanese needed the steel and desperately needed the oil further than they needed the trade and mistakenly responded with aggression, hoping to wake up the US for further the rest of the people and ending the isolationist game. It's not bad enough that we've already established this administration's isolationist war-mongering imperialistic and more fearful, having the ability to ignore and spite its worldly allies. Now we're faced with a new type of tail-gunner Joe, one who is so far removed from reality and fighting his father's long ago battles that rationalistic sense no longer is at the forefront of his conversation, but sheer hatred of his perceived enemies for an endomestic R. Right, Richard Goldman, thanks Dick. Oh and then of course this is why did I start with this, you know? Probably because we're always off to such a slow start every day because the organ, you know the monkey cannot always get that organ guy a grinder thing going fast. He's got to have like two or three fiends to get enough energy to do it. The big moussawamasteck, George and I discussed this briefly before the show today, pretty amusing in a sick, disgusting, grotesque and embarrassing way because it's a more the same. From CBS News, the judge presiding over the trial of the only man charge so far in this country in the 9th, 11th text reports a serious US government blunder. Oh, the judge is Department is still unclear how it happened, but somehow as many as 48 documents that official announced they should have been classified were inadvertently turned over to terror suspects, Zacharias, Moussaway, or is that's a curious depending on how you're pronouncing it this week. Moussaway is part of the discovery process and is upcoming trial. According to court records released yesterday, US district George Lee, Lee and I, Brinkhamma, who's presiding over the case called the mistake, a grave security breach. Moussaway's been acting as his own attorney, a potential debt sentence case in which he's charged with being a part of the 9th, 11th plot. He's been reviewing paperwork in his Alexander River, genius, so the classified documents were given a Moussaway, the only person charged in the US for the hijack plane attacks on the World Trade Center in the Pentagon by mistake over the past few months, as partly evidence turned over to him by federal government prosecutors. A classified documents which were FBI summaries of interviews that had to be retrieved during several days of searches of Moussaway's jail cell, and Alexandria Virginia was being held in solitary confinement awaiting trial. Despite their hard work in vain and effort, the Marshall service could not find two of the seven documents. Unfortunately, one of the main two documents is the most critical of the seven prosecutor Robert Spencer wrote, it wasn't clear whether those documents eventually were recovered, maybe he ate them. It's not clear if Moussaway ever saw them in the mass of material he's been presented. They just as department officials had to give him a was quite confident that Moussaway never read the documents. And as CBS News correspondent Jim Stewart reports, the papers have since been retrieved, but the government now says it's begun a damage assessment study to find out not only of national secrets have been compromised, but how something like this could happen in the first place. You know how something could happen like this in the first place? I don't know, it was stupid. Easy. That's the word. It was easy. Don't say stupid, okay? Okay. Don't say stupid. We know him people will be like, think we're disrespectful. But you're disrespectful. I'm like, you know, an outstanding guy. You're just a disrespectful little spick. We know that. Stupid. 140 votes on our mini-pool, which is going to disappear from there in a second one. We get to the real one. The mobots that Neo plays are very funny, 49. This is out of 140. The best 41. That's 90 already. Okay, 25. Say they're okay. Weak 15. And disrespectful 10. God damn it. What's wrong with you, man? This respectful. So that's that. That takes care of that. That's the overwhelming majority. What do we got like 90? And I got a lot. They like him. Hey, what's 9.56 and 5.60. How many of you can get in? I'm not on the right spot or not. I'm like all over the place here because I'm, which, I feel like I'm on doggy Empress. We have so much ground to cover. Before the sales department goes out to Vegas and drops time, drag off the top of the uh, stratosphere. Oh, man. I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I have to be there to see it. Every yesterday said I'm never going to Vegas for that. I'd be there. Hey, for years now you've been here me talk about diets, food and how overweight most of this country is. You've also heard about the great atkins diet and how it works. Well, the place to shop for audio atkins product is still the leader in the diet industry. Need a lights of West Boca. Can you imagine a little low carb no fat delicious scoop of ice cream on a hot day like today? How about over a thousand low carb and no sugar product is ready for you to taste? Cause it delights a West Boca. You can always try it before you buy it. And I'd delight to 25% off all that. Can's products all the time. From candy to cookie snacks, brands, vitamins, delights of West Boca's got it all. With more great stuff arriving daily like the new controlled carb brownies. They just got in for audio brownie hounds out there. And for delicious flavors like peanut coconut, classic and cherry. And they taste like your grandma's recipe man. I can just imagine you can you why should try some on Monday huh? All right. I can just see it now. Delights of West Boca on the northeast quarter grades in 4th row and in Boca they're open till 10, 7 days a week. Glades in 441 like I said. Call tool free 1, 877 low carb or check them out at our web at low carb.com. The lights of West Boca with the staff full and I wanted to put you on a path to losing those unwanted pounds. Check out all the great stuff right now. And if you want to see the lights of your official Atkins diet set up. My life and love. This is 4th row of I-6. You way too way yeah. Whoop. Whoop. Whoop. Whoop. Whoop. Whoop. Whoop. Whoop. Whoop. Whoop. Whoop. Whoop. Whoop. Whoop. Whoop. Whoop. Whoop. Whoop. Whoops. Whoop. R była. Whoop. Oh. Okay.uener. S bam. Whoop. Whoop. Whoop. Whoop. No. Whoop. No. Whoop. Whoop. Whoop. Whoop. Well. Chugs. Whoop. O sleep. Whoop. Whoop. Have a drink. Whoop. Whoop. Whoop. Whoop. But I want to see all the ends of the earth in the back room of the bed of ink. Yeah. It been so long since the last episode. There's so many things I forgot. Dip on a get-wack is very host smoking crack and as Tony still fail us to grasp. So I pick up the latest TV guide and that's when I stop feeling fine. Think God HBO's bringing back the day goes each and every Sunday and nine. Oh, it's season four of the soprano's man who's thinking they're bringing it back. If I had to wait even one second more, I'd have my cable guide a wax. Hey, forget about it. So, Bob, forget about it. Just relax. So, okay, Sunday nights, the piano is green there where be square. I'll be square. I'm not going to be welcome. We hit a bit on Billy May's. Didn't we? It seems that I've played it once and I'm looking and I'm looking. I can't find a goddamn thing. You know what I'm talking about? What was the meat of it? What was the meat of it? Yeah, I mean, how did it go? It's that one of the lines. Hi, I'm Billy May's for aren't you close. I don't know something like that. I don't know. You're not going to find it. There we don't have it in the thing. It's a new thing. Oh, it's a new thing. You ain't got no new thing. So how did that other pull wind up? 157 votes. See, I don't think some of these people really even understand what we're talking about. Yeah, the mobots. You know what I mean? That's okay. I make a good about it. Oh, thanks a lot. Fun. The mobots in the old plays are very funny. 53, the best 44. Okay, 29. Week 20. And this respectful 11. Oh, geez, I feel pretty bad. Not all right. No. Anyway, here's the pull. Here's the new pull. Get this on there right away. Get that other crap off of there. It was just interim. That was just a kill some time while we are perfected this one. If you could program your TV to blackout just one person who would it be. Brian or cross. Doctor Phil. Oprah. Jesse Jackson. George W. Bush. Billy Mays. The orange going from her. Michael, I'm going to go too fast. You think? Sorry. Bill O'Reilly. Shepherd Smith. I want to give you a kiss. Larry King. Martha Stewart. Emma Lagassie. It's going to be interesting to see the way Eric spells some of these names. I'm not giving any assistance. Okay. You spell him however you want. Richard Quest with a gorilla teeth. L sharpden. See, back on who Richard Quest is. But that's okay. The ones who do know that believe me. They'll be falling over each other to get to their computers. Steve from the Dell computer spots. Hi, it's Steve. Jim Orom. I don't know about the on Sanders. I mean, a lot of people all I don't think he qualifies him. You think? No, what am I going to do now? Forget about him. He's small potatoes. Jim Orom or Condoleezza Rice. We also got a late suggestion for carrot top. Okay. From those commercials. Okay. Carrot top. Good. Although I do like carrot cake. Don't you love carrot cake? It's great. Oh, I love frosting. When it's really good and sweet. Mmm. When it's like real real moist, you know. How far do they have good carrot cake is it? Pump it apart. You know that? How do I do idea? Now you do. Matter of fact, Tompano Park opens tonight. I just mentioned that is there a spot on for them today. It would probably be a good idea, but probably not. You know, because we don't have any of fields. Oh, that sells the profit center. The biggest. Put them in a God. They put them in the desert. Don't give them a map like old Frankie would say. God, give me a break. And pump it apart. Open tonight. We zoom live racing. Seven, 15 post time. A lot of good stuff going on. I might even give them a free spot. You know, just because they're so nice to me. And they have great carrot cake. Dining room doesn't we open until like the middle of October, 16th I think. You know something? I actually happen to have that right here. Isn't that amazing? I know people that want to hear just spots and stuff like that, but this is something I'm enthusiastic about. Can I do that? I don't hear anything. Here's the green sheet. Here's the green sheet. And it says October. It doesn't say. Oh, yeah, here it is. Open October 16. The top of the park. It's a very hard shift for a dining room. But anyway, racing is back in Pomp and O Park tonight. And go there and just punch your guts out. Just take a big sack full of cash. Speak up up coming things. Join George and Carlos tomorrow from 11 to one. It bill-sitals Boulevard of Savings in Miami. Just west of 27th Avenue on Northwest 36th street. Stop by for our usual very low budget QM prizes. And free food from our close personal friend, Ira and the other guy at Atlantic City, Sims where the bread and Ira make the difference. Tomorrow 11 to one at Bill's Sitals. And then they're going to as soon as George and Carlos walk and they'll say, Who's them guys? Who the hell are you? Yeah. Who the hell are you? That's what they'll say. And also, if that isn't enough to what you appetite for some real excitement this weekend, come by the cast away seafood company located on the corner University in Griffin Road. Monday, September 30th. That's just coming Monday from 6 to 8 p.m. George will be there also as he started to really make the rounds after a very, very mediocre summer. I mean, a great summer filling in. George will be there with a QM prize van in Osmakel. I'm going to be at that one or what? More than Christmas. Show up for some free food. Carlos will be there and Miguel also. Anytime there's drink specials, Miguel will be there. Get him drunk and maybe you'll get lucky. Who knows? He's not choosing. Anyway, in fact, that's quite a trifecta. We got George McGirland Carlos. We're going to have three speaks there Monday night at whatever that place is. What is it? Thanks. I got it. Just relax. Okay. Don't be interrupt any. I got everything in the control. Man, talk about hyper and hysterical. Just calm down. You're a little bit on edge lately. Probably because you haven't got that, uh, mr. That bonus yet. The rest of it. Or you haven't got any of it? Or the first of it. Yeah. Ha ha ha ha. Hey, just relax. How about how about my panther money? My check did finally show up yesterday at day late. Do you think my panther or I've taken some money, is in there yet? No. No. No. That's the word. 171 votes. Here's the final telly before Eric finally gets him out of the other one. Did I read all the stuff? Charitop was the last one. Kind of leaves are right. It's real quick because I wrote this list. Okay, if you did program on your TV to block out anyone person in the world who would be, when in doubt, block him out, brand or cross. Oh, it's coming back by the way, Brian, it's strighting in again. He's the kind of guy you'd like to hit with a fly swatty. You know what, and that's about all would take. That's going to be our poll question Monday. Canis must match your brand or cross or, um, bill come on. The weather ferries. Brian or cross, Dr. Phil Oprah, Jesse Jackson, George W. Bush, Billy Mays, the Orange Glow Infomercial Guy. Am I going too fast? No, you're fine. But you should have these by now. Right. Bill O'Reilly, Shepherd Smith, Carotop, see Shepherd Smith. I mean, he's the epitome of Fox News that were absolutely bush league. I mean, at the morning show, what those giggling idiots in that sports guy who's also a news guy who's an expert on everything in the world. That the whole thing is just so bizarre bush league. A Shepherd Smith, Carotop, Larry King, believe him out. Martha Stewart, Emerald Laganci, fam. Richard Quest, Al Sharpton, Steve from the L computer spots, Jimmer home and condolize the rice, condolize a condolize a, please, a go away. Go away, condolize you, McNeonious. Talk about a lightweight puts used to be one of the head hensors at Chevron for seven years there. And the chaining and George's W. Who started out in the world industry. All these people have OIL just ties them all together. You know, that's why they're so slippery. They got lots of OIL. There you go. Those results are off. We do we're not going to be disrespectful anymore to Moana show. Okay. There were 11 people I feel bad about that and plus he's starting to make cost to come on to about Denson monkeys or stuff like that. That's not good. I mean, it's one thing to have this few that this one side of few that he created because he's a hard asshole, the decay. That's one thing. But it's another thing when you start being disrespectful to your colleagues. You know, I'm sorry. Let's rate. So I don't think we ought to be playing that anymore. And especially, don't think we ought to play. Put it all the time. Because then that fish guy will be calling him up every day and going, Oh, you got to admit that Neil's pretty funny with that stuff. Fish. Thank you again, fish. But when I play in any more, that stuff on his show. Put it all the time. Are we? Huh? Well, that's right. I forget you're noncommittal. You're such a pussy. Such a whimp. Such a whimp. Here I just get through reading two of promos for these. Vogue's deals. He's got on the side. So he can pay his guy damn booking his drug guy. Now you don't see that guy in Davy, do you? That Todd knows? Nope. You know what I mean, Steve and Davy? No, never met the net. Oh, Todd has, I guess. So it's at the rumor. Anyway, you know, I'm going to get that Todd. I'm going to, I'm going to just, when I get back there, I'm going to take a red hot poker and shove it up his ass. That's him. Man, anybody deserves it. If anybody has mirrored it that. And the amazing part of it is that those people there, they just, uh, hands off, you know, muff and the clearance. What's the story with, parents? Is he still working there as he gone? No, we see him. Did they just hear him? Did they humor him for a couple of weeks after muff came back and say, Oh, parents, don't worry. You're really the program director. Go in there and sit in that office there. You're really stupidity. I don't hear a word from him. Little punk. And he's all right. Clents is okay. All of my check did show up a day late this week. Clarence said you've been doing such a good job. I think the pressure since muff came back. He can't cope with that pressure. Of muff kind like covering over his shoulder, you know? Real close. 12 minutes after 10 at 5. 60 WCM speak in a pressure. We got the event of the century coming up this coming Monday. I hope I sure hope we don't change it on me after this big build up. The brand new piece of law is open Monday. Clean up transition. We're building it. There you go. Pizza loft which you know and love for so many years now. They're on University Drive and Brower between Griffin and 595. And in prestigious pizza loft plaza right behind here when imports and Kitty Court of the Armandolo Cafe would all at tons and tons of free parking. Pizza loft is opening a second location in Brower. Now it's unbelievable, but it's true. And it's right behind my favorite Walgreens. Excellent spot. Well, I guess there could have been a better spot in terms of seeing it from a road. Something like that. But an excellent spot because once everybody knows about it, they'll be pouring in there. Trust me. Say how to Marcy at Walgreens and she'll point it right. And in fact, you look through the drive through window there right for your drugs and the prescription thing in Walgreens. And she looks right off the window and there's a pizza loft sign Steering right in the post. Don't worry Marcy I'll take care of. Hey Jeff take good care of Marcy. Of course he's going to have 50 women coming in there saying, Oh, I'm Marcy from Walgreens. I want to free free meal. And I'll have to do it. Say, oh, sorry can't accommodate your Marcy. The rumors just left. Anyway, every Monday at the pizza loft is a lasagna night Tuesday. Night Tuesday, Zegplant night. And of course, so by one of these days on these nights, get the second for only five bucks. I wonder if they're going to have all the same deals that the new pizza loft you think. I'm sure they will. And you know what else I wonder? I wonder if they're ever going to tell us. Now who inherited this account? Oh, guess who's accounted is now? Oh, could it be Scott? It probably must be Skippy. Since our good friend Brian Schmuss has gone and he gave him all of these great accounts at Brian had. Iced on Brian, not that we needed Brian for the pizza loft. Anyway, they got delicious Italian goodies. They got your chicken dishes in veal and seafood. Fugazza pizza, a three different kinds of great pizza. Calzone super subs. Great garlic rolls delicious food. Big fresh portions. Teeny tiny prices are a great place for you in a whole gang. For take out for delivery for catering call 9.5. 4 9.16 88. 9.549. 888. Don't forget, big day coming on Monday. Yeah. I think it's a second drum roll. It's too. It's gigantic. It's a monumental. The brand new pizza loft and plantation open Monday. Right behind Walgreens on the corner Navihloan plantation, and that little joint over this. 5.6.5.6.3.3.5. You're the one. You weigh him. Why do you press still? Well still. Oh They made them have rough sex. Oh They made them have rough sex. Price tag was a new Rolex. Price tag was a new Rolex. Oh They six feet underground. Oh They six feet underground. Lials wigs in Losten found. Lials wigs in Losten found. Kitty said, Lyle. You're a fake. Kitty said, Lyle you're a fake. Snatch that wig off. He's a cake. Snatch that wig off. He's a cake. Chase her up and down the stair Chase her up and down the stair Screaming, give me back my hair Screaming, give me back my hair Erick said I never knew Erick said I never knew My brother's queer and chrome don't too My brother's queer and chrome don't too Lyle said Erick shut you mouth Lyle said Erick shut you mouth But these thumbtacks be going south Are these going to take me to go in south? Now get upstairs and rush your teeth Now get upstairs and rush your teeth Then stick that toothbrush underneath Then stick that toothbrush underneath Rob sex, Rob sex, nice sex, nice sex Knees sex, Knees sex, just sex, just sex And just when you think that you never get here Both of them again all of a sudden they're on their way to the barber Did you hear that thing on that spot? No, I didn't You weren't paying attention to that spot about how barber As interviews this rod had married What? Oh, there's another one for the pole Oh man, barb Freaking wawa Okay Erick can handle it, barber walters We still have time We just got some preliminary votes coming in right now The new pole is up on your Rogers.com Did you get the facts rolling by the way? I can't, right when you're just out of control man I got to right here in my hand And the facts too Boy, you are just psychotic He's starting to get like the beast now, you know? It's a lot to copy this morning George W5 They like the program amount Steve on the adult computer spot Hey man, it's Steve He's got three Dr. Phil's got a pair Oprah's got a pair Jesse Jackson, we have an appri-voted for him And we're just getting some preliminary votes It just popped up only moments ago So my group post personal friend, Lynn writes And why does she keep emailing Boka Brian? Because he actually answers his emails and looks at his emails No, but she says she can never get a facts due to us Why is that how's that possible? Well, I don't know But anyway, she says add and quarter the pole Absolutely, good choice And culvers on there and who's yet on we just put on? barber walters, barber walters Thanks Lynn, you're the best And thanks roller good stuff on your website by the way Let's see, here's this I can have time to read this yet Anyway, if for the pool let's see, jam This is disturbing, I'm gonna get back to do my stuff here You know what? I'm starting to get side tracked I feel like I haven't talked about anything worthwhile Like in about a half an hour here Other than I'm disrespectful Well, top crap, okay, top titty, how do you like that? Fish likes my stuff If anybody else out there don't like my crap too bad School board votes to a location is min class You know where what state this is? Carefree, now even worse Georgia Georgia Charles is doing a sea still live, he's still live, any Georgia A suburban Atlanta school board last night voted unanimously to allow teachers to introduce students to different views about the origins of life among them Creationism Boy The compoundy board of education the state second largest school board approved the policy change after limited discussion Calling it a necessary element of providing a balanced education The boards vote through cheers from some and expressions of the smake from others in the packed meeting room They were packing it This supposed to be by proponents of alternate theories was shallow Very shallow said Jeffrey Salman who opposed the teaching of creationist min schools We're gonna be watching this very closely As Sammy Davis would say we're gonna keep our eye on it as Colombo would say a Peter fuck was on a biography of the other day Wish I'd seen it pretty good The boards decision please Michael Gray a calm high school junior. I had to do a term about evolution And there were just things I could disprove or have alternate reasons for your great toldy associated press I'm on my brother insisted to be given the appir the option not not told it's the absolute truth right your gray what Michael Every name is High school junior in Atlanta. Oh god Alas who file last month by summoning the ACLU prompted the board to reconsider its policy Salman who has a son in college school suit this is to because some middle in high school science text Post-inclode a disclaimer telling students that evolution is a theory and not a fact He argued that the disclaimer was a step-headed producing religion in schools Which of course is we all know is on constitution or at least wasn't till this president came into power and his fanges to supporters Some educators agree this is an intrusion of theological views into the classrooms that why it Anderson Dean of the Franklin College of Arts and Sciences at University of Georgia what our students need to learn his science and he is Class school officials took another look at the policy and discussed the a mandate it to include other theories said board member Lindsey Tippons Yeah, like somebody made it out of green cheese house that that's my theory The new policy said drops of provision barring with history from teaching views contrary to family values Which he said have been struck down by the courts We're just cleaning up an old policy Tippon said who went to that officials don't want a force religion thought on religious thought on students Right Larry Taylor West preacher in the Com County school says he doesn't advocate creationism But he believes evolution should not be presented as the only acceptable theory It's not a theory you ask hold it's a fact you idiot you simple and you mugwump you judge him mugwump But the Sniffer There are a lot of things that could go after but you know, especially in your case Evolution is not been proven said Taylor who joined the debate over what should be taught in cops schools after reading about the ACLU lawsuit There were a growing number of scientists to escape the galabod Darwinism huh, it evade three Those aren't real scientists the debate of teaching. Oh, it's a matter of fact evolution I saw thing the today about anti biotics and how ineffective they are because of the fact that we're over anti biotic You know and all these new strains keep evolving and there's an example of evolution happening right now in your life Right before our eyes you can see it under the goddamn microscope in the laboratory with it without Dr. Frankenstein How do you like that there's evolution? Oh The debate of teaching about the origin of these species is not limited to suburban Georgia. Oh, how educators and parents are still over teaching intelligent design And intelligent design I guess they never were QAM Which theorizes that life was designed by a higher power In Kansas last year the state board of education voter we stir the theory of evolution to what's curriculum Which ever removed in a controversial vote two years earlier I like that Joe Joe they're doing it in Georgia baby Joe John our mind Oh, go to get this how it's turn thing in here and what's his name what's his name Jeremy Shucky? Okay New York Giants rookie Jeremy Shucky apologized for comments about gaze made to which good during an appearance on the Howard sperm radio show During the nine ten interviews stern Ashockey if you thought there were any gate players in NFL If I knew there was a gay guy in my college football team I probably wouldn't you know stand for it Jeremy Shucky when asked to be a gay teammates at Miami. I don't know Shucky said I don't like to think about that. I hope not The star tight-end was also asked if any gay teammates at the University of Miami No, I mean if I knew there was a gay guy in my college football team I probably you know wouldn't stand for it. You know, I think you know they're gonna be in the shower with us and stuff So I don't think that's gonna work I'm Thursday Shucky apologized for his comment saying he was trying to be funny and it wasn't his intention to offend anyone It's just his show for comedy Shucky told the New York Daily News. I guess I don't I do regret saying it He regret saying it cuz it blew up in his face. That's why I didn't think any cuz he ain't no What's his name? Ridgey white I don't think anyone was gonna make a big deal out of it I'm not preded used against anybody's bleach or what they do in their off time or how they get off I do regret saying something like that whatever I did to offend people I apologize He said I'm not preded used in any way Sid Ziggler I think that's the name but the the facts is screwed up here the president of out sports dot com website for gay sports fans and athletes That published the partial transcript said he didn't believe Shucky's explanation Having heard the tape and heard the tone in which he said it I don't he didn't like the tone So he don't believe it. Sigler told the newspaper. There was not an ounce of joking in it. How is it what he said funny? Some of this believe those things doesn't say those things someone doesn't have a problem with gay He's just as and say I hope there are no gay's name. I fell if I'm a gay player on a steam I just took another step back into the closet The giants apparently were not happy with hockey's decision to appear on the steering show in the first place And the team's vice president communications fat handlen said the tight ends views don't reflect those of the organization and he believes Shucky's sorry for the comments. It wasn't funny. Handlen told the daily news if Jeremy Shucky tells me it was reported Tentant humor. I believe him but let's put his comments in perspective. It's Howard sperm It's not 60 minutes. It's not a form on the sociological issues of our time I thought that Howard Stern did a show on the sociological issues of our time, huh? That's right. I thought he was an angry prophet denouncing the hypocrisy of our time You Fred, get there. How are you? And culture is a party girls lot party girls lot party girls lot And culture is a party girls lot party girls lot party girls lot queen I don't see her on a pole but I'm sure Eric is working on that right now as we speak. And Colter did we ever I don't think we ever got that far. Did you actually say put that on there? Okay, I did. See, I think you and Eric are like, you've got the same illness. Maybe you've cut it over the phone from him. Here we go. Well, non-compos penis. Anyway, 92 votes Richard questioned the Emerald Agassian shepherds. They don't have any yet. First you think they're going to feel a little left out. It's like insensitive. Barbara Walters and kind of Lisa each have one. Brian or across Billy Mays. The orange glow guy that Carlos loves, he's got a pair. A small pair. Billy Ronnie's got a small pair. Larry King, we have him three. See, now that thing is changing again, I mean, I hate that. Like I said, Billy Riley and they're a King HF3. Dr. Phil's got three. Rome's got four. Martha Stewart five. Al Sharpton seven. Now we're getting to the good stuff. Oprah has got a Steve the computer spot dude. Nine. Jesse Jackson, we have in 10 including my vote. Who do you vote for? I'm sorry. I'll see that was too obvious. Sarah top 12 and George W. He wins all the polls. Good ones. Bad ones. He's on top baby. George W is in a lead by himself. He's got 27 vote. He's often running. Boy allegedly abused by Canada will not undergo evaluations. Nor is Tom Pencilvania. A 12 year old boy allegedly abused by a New York City canter. Boy will not have to let it go. Seki actor can medical evaluations that were requested by the canters. Attorney's a judge who would yesterday. Attorneys for Howard Neveson 61 of Co. He manual had asked for evaluation to determine if the boy was mentally competent to testify and if there were any physical signs of abuse. Montgomery County judge Paul Tresjitz, Thresler, turned out to be questioned. I expect the child to be extremely relieved that he won't have to be exposed to these humiliating processes again. So county first assistant district attorney, Riza, vetry, Furman. Always in very nervous about people with three names. The fence attorney Rob Jacobs said we're disappointed that the district attorney is resisting records for information to shut light on the incredible and constantly changing story by the boy. And hearing earlier this month, the fence attorney said they thought it can crush and severed by the boy while playing hockey could have affected his memory. How about those panters? Oh, I think they got a game against the Arthai Home and Home with Tampa Bay. I think this weekend exhibition games. I believe so. I didn't hear one word. Speaker of that. I heard nothing this morning. Gueldey has been declored. Okay. I was going to say the ball, but I think that happened a long time ago. He's been declored. I never heard one word about the panthers about the exhibition hockey games this weekend. About the Macarina now known as the office depot home of whatever it is, Senator. Boy. He is losing it. They also said they wanted their own position to examine the boys' genitals to check the claim by the prosecutions Dr. The phone evidence of scarring. The boy said the example pinched him in the general area. He pinched him. Neveson has accused the sexually abusing his brother's son three times between 1993 and 97 when the boy was between the ages of three and seven. The boy earlier testified in the prosecution of his cousin and another uncle who were convicted of sexually abusing an unrelated incidence. Neveson has free out of court of Indian dollars in the day. Former California priests charged with felony child abuse in the third is sought. Two former Roman Catholic priests were charged with the lusting children and the rest were in the third form of priest who was apparently outside the country. Michael Baker, 54, was moved from parish to parish after meeting Duke Cardinal Roger Mahoney that he molested boys, which charged with 29 counts of sexual misconduct with a minor prosecutor's be seen yesterday. Baker was one of four former priest targeted for rest as week marking the first criminal cases in Southern California since the nationwide sex abuse scandal erupted in January. Also charged yesterday was Carlos Rene Rodriguez, 46. You're Ken? Yeah. We all yeah. All those Rodriguez is man. 46 of former priest suspected molesting a 12 year old old per boy over two year period in the 187. He pleaded innocent to wait counts of loot acts upon a child and hearing an L.A. superior court bail was said at 400 grand. No professional occupations immune from civil authority in the operation of the criminal justice system, L.A. County D.A. Steve Cooley said. In other words, maybe they finally got somebody that can convict but don't bet on it. L.A. police also said in the rest once finished for former priest George Rucker, rhymes with all day's sucker. Authorities alleged Rucker had been assigned to three perishes in the L.A. area molested 16 women in another L.A. County from 47 to 79. Rucker ready to was removed by the arts dice he's in April. His attorney told prosecutors he's traveling outside the country. He's not a fugitive. He's just on a holiday said Donald steer who represents Rucker. You think maybe he's like in Costa Rica one of those places? Maybe he's on a Roman holiday. Maybe he's just Roman. Speaking of sex, I guess we better do this after the break. I want to have to rush through that. The sex to run to the rush through sex. Yes, mom and dad under your roof and probably they are rushing through it. Because it's happening in their home. You see that thing about how these kids? No, it's a story, but I knew all about that. No, I mean everybody knew about that and of course they spring it on us like it's a big surprise. Hey guess what mom and daddy better check what's going on upstairs. You know, I don't like your sit down there passed out in a drunken stupor with your popcorn and all your other crap. Your toastitos and Doritos and all this other art-or-we-clogging, Drek. Upstairs baby there. Right, screw in our brains out. 1038 at 5.60, QAN. I've been low. There's just a switch when you're five-six. QA. Hey, it's how it's how it's spam. What's the crap they played on the whole? That's power. Oh, no, you see. Well, garbage. The kids today don't know what's good. Like that song, I'm happy I live in a split level head. You remember that? F-uh-uh. How can you listen? I'm happy I live in a split level head. I'm happy I live in a split level head. You remember that? No. Why am I surrounded by warrants? Come on, how is it? Don't you call me how he? I have enough information from you. Barrel. How? How? You're a son of a fessel. Okay, that's it. You all fired. You've been stuck with the movement. You listen, I may. You're fired. You'll be that goes for you too. You know who I am, time the king of our allies. I came down here after losing my charm about to be a big fish. In a little part. When they kicked me off the earth, they told me don't come back again. I had some problems with wise guys who would advise them. With two thousand nice large hands. Yeah. Fire. That's back to the late golden nine. I came up with a fucking yellow fire. And I hope that you've got what dies. I hope you die. I hope you're all dying. I'm a big fish of a little punk to see you. I'm a big fish of a little punk. Sorry for your engineering. I'm a big fish of a little punk. I'm a big fish of a little punk. I'm a big fish of a little punk. No! I want to put anybody into it. This respectful. 1045 at 5. 60 WQM. Happy Friday to anywhere the Michael Azacov piece from a newsweek that was just fact that you sent to me. Yes. It's great. Asked crops bag that connection, but it's very long. Let's wait for Monday on that. All right. We have a lot of other fish to fry here. So it's big big fish and little punk things like that. Why? Why don't I'm staring to think about lunch now? Sorry, but I'm loving a clock and you got me thinking about lunch already. Fish fry. Like that place I want yesterday where they have too much food for. It was very good though, but they just give you two goddamn much. So instead of getting like the gigantic bathtub full of soup, I'll get like the small cup of soup. The 10 quart terrain, the smaller one. I'm serious. You could have. There are people like Todd Dreck. They're little piece of crap. You could have like drowned him in that bowl. That's how big it was. In fact. Something to think about. Yes, Mom and Dad, under your roof. There's stuff going on. Okay. Scourge court. Parents wondering if 13 ages are having sex might look upstairs or Donna Hall. New research finds most sexually active teens. First had sex in their parents homes. Typically late at night. The findings being released. They were released yesterday. Should discuss the teens are most often having sex after school. When parents are still a work researchers said the message for parents experts say is nothing new. Be aware of what your kids are up to. See if it's up. Kids no longer need to drive to look out. They're going to have a lot of sex. They're a brown director. The national campaign of our team pregnancy. The data suggests that that's maybe in the house. If that's the case. Then there ought to be like condoms laying around all over the house. You know it in bowls. Giant bowls of the. Yeah, lucky. One bowl for the cookies and one for the condoms. Great. By the time students are in the ninth grade. 34% of had sexual intercourse that rises to 60% by the 12th grade. Now, let's see. ninth grade will be by about 15. 14. Now. Okay. I have a 14 year old and ninth grade. Well, 14 or 15. 10th 11 12. I mean, how do you want to graduate? 18. 18. 18. During the ninth grade. Or you can turn Japanese. So, a 34% by the age of four by 14. So, that's even more amazing. There rises to 60% by 12th grade. Which that's 18. And guess what parents have you? I get to the late by the time you're 18. You're just not going to get laid. Okay. Just ain't going to happen. Now am I right? I think it's a good principle. In his case. I'm not talking about in general. I just mean in his case. To report by researchers at child transit based on a national team survey that began tracking about 8,000 teens since 1997. The ages of the teens range from 12 to 16 when the survey began. And researchers have interviewed the same group every year since then. And to report, let's specifically at the 6164 teens. Report and having sex for the first time between 1999 and 2000. Of those surveyed in 256% to the first head sex of their families home or at the home of their partners family. Another 12% of their first sex at a friend's house, nine percent of their teens own home. Huh? That was me. At a teens own home, I was a teen with my own home and lots of sex. Let me tell you. Oh, I see. 4% in a truck or a car, 3% of the park or other outdoor place, and 3% of the hotel or hotel, 10% said someplace else. Like, you know, maybe it's saw grass. That's only if they're going to interview like the governor's kid. The findings mean forced earlier research that parents can have a significant impact on their children's decision about sex brown said, this notion that it's impossible to supervise kids as ludicrous of a lot of them are having sex in the recroom, she said. Earlier this month, researchers reported that teenage girls were our close to their moms are more likely to stay virgins. That report by the researchers at University of Minnesota also found that half the mothers of the kids were in the right of teens didn't realize their children were having sex. Furthermore, the vast majority of mothers strongly disapproved their teenagers having sex. Large numbers of teens don't realize how their moms feel. Well, feel this. Parents need to know where the children are, what they're doing brown said. This is not a new idea. As for timing, yesterday's report found 42% of teens said their first sexual encounter was at night between 10 p.m. and 7 a.m. 10 p.m. and 7 a.m. That's that old ticket in the window thing. You know, that would be the morning. Another 28% said it was in the evening between 6 and 10 p.m. just 15% said it was in late afternoon between 3 and 6 p.m. That cuts against the conventional wisdom against among parents and policymakers that teens are more at risk of sex after school. So Jennifer Manlove, a researcher, a child, that's her name. Okay, M-A-N-L-O-V-E. Jennifer Manlove, a researcher at child trans. Researcher showed the teens are more likely to commit cram during after school hours brown said. But people around me assume that the same goes for sex. That's right. Didn't have time to be school. I'm an error there like a bust in 7, 11 and stuff like that. That's her name. Okay. Jennifer Manlove. The national way to do her this. The national longitudinal survey of youth did not look at whether teens were having sex on week nights or weekend. They're longitudinal. You know what they study? How long it links? Yeah. And it's a non-asperience if they were, if the parents were home at the time, all of the surveys been interviewing teens since 1997. The first year questions about where and when teens first had sex were asked, as a merciless, fun-looking around in the stone age. They're doing it. Oh, no, they're doing it. They're upstairs doing it. This is from the Washington Times, hardly a bastion of liberal thinking but nevertheless, that makes it even more meaningful. Do we this? No. Agency disavise report on Iraq arms, but it was her girl. In the Washington Times, by the way, George W. is leading by a mile, our pool. If you could program your TV to block out one person who would that person be. If you had like a little chip. I'd say I was thinking a chip. I'd like to block out Erica Strahna. Okay. But luckily we don't see him no more. Oh yeah, you do. Smoke his nose. Is he, is he, what? He's doing, he's doing low-brent telephone spots. He was also peddling some, uh, quite diet stuff to there for a while, fully forced it off the year. Poor Erica Strahna man, she's a wreck. George W. 39, Jesse Jackson, 20, Karatop 16, Steve, the delcomputer dude, 13, Oprah 12, Al Sharpton 10, Dr. Phil 5, she Dr. Phil has that his own show long enough yet. For them to hate him quite that much. Bill or Riley 5, Martha Stewart 5, Larry King has five, Jim Rolm, Rommage.4, Ryan or Cross only two, now does that surprise you? No, not really. Huh? Bill and he may his deorange go commercial, a lot guy. It's Billy Mays for orange glow. I got four billion oranges here, but am I going to do with him? Put him in a bottle and some of you. Man, oh man. And you know, he must be really expensive stuff because if you ordered like one bottle, like you've got 600 bottles for free, have you ever noticed that? No cause of course I've never seen it. But Karlo's shit is noticed. Yeah, I've noticed. Condoleezorized too, Barbara Walters and Ann Coder each have one. I can't imagine a vote for Ann Coder, and no votes for Shepherd Smith, Emerald Gassy or Richard Quest. Yeah, I guess they haven't caught one of his breath yet. Ooh. Joseph Kuro writes in the Washington Times Agency this allows report on Iraq arms. The International Atomic Energy Commission. A.M. sorry, let me get it right. The International Atomic Energy Agency says it reports that it's reported by President Bush as evidence that Iraq in 1998 was six months away from developing a nuclear weapon. It does not exist. The report doesn't exist. There's never been a report like that issued from this agency. Mark, what is out? It was a report that was reported by the United States. Mark was a report that was reported by the United States. Mark was a report that was reported by the United States. Mark was a report that was reported by the United States. Mark was a report that was reported by the United States. Mark was reported by the United States. Mark was reported by the United States. Mark was reported by the United States. Mark was reported by the United States. Mark was reported by the United States. Mark was reported by the United States. Mark was reported by the United States. Mark was reported by the United States. Mark was reported by the United States. Mark received a report that was reported that he was actually tonight at Access in 98 A report came up of the atomic or IAEA that there were six months away from developing a weapon. I don't know what more evidence we need said the President, defending his administration's case that Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein was building weapons of mass destruction. The White House has missed a report referring to an earlier IAEA report. He's referred to 91 there, was ever issued by the IAEA91. Is this, I mean, and you know something, it doesn't look at the difference. That's certainly not. Many news agencies, including the Washington Times, reported Mr. Bush's September 7th commences before and do a 1998 IAEA report, the White House did not ask for a correction from the Times. To clear up the confusion, Mr. Kull on sighted two news articles from 91, a July 16th story in the London Times by Michael Evans and a July 18th story in New York Times by Paul Lewis, but neither article sites in IAEA report on nuclear on Iraq's nuclear weapon program or states that saw him as only six months away from developing weapons claimed by Mr. Bush. The article by Mr. Evans says, J. Davis and American expert working for the UN Special Commission charged with removing Iraq's nuclear capability, said Iraq was only six months away from the large scale production of enriched uranium at two plants inspected by UN officials. The Lewis article said Iraq in 1991 had a uranium enrichment plan using electromagnetic technology that was about six months from becoming operational. In October 98, his before Sodom KQN weapons inspectors out of Iraq, the IAEA laid out a case opposite of Mr. Bush's September 7th declaration. There are no indications that there remains an Iraq any physical capability for the production of weapon usable nuclear material of any practical significance, IAEA director General Mohammed El Bored wrote in a report to on Secretary General Kofiannon. Mr. Bush and Mr. Blur on September 7th sight and agency report declaring that satellite photography reveal the Iraqis that undertaken new construction at several nuclear-related sites this week. The IAEA said no Secretary of Court existed. The IAEA also took issue with a September 9th report by the International Institute for Strategic Studies, cited by the Bush administration, that Kuhut Sodom could build a nuclear bomb within months if he were able to obtain missile material. There was no evidence in our view that can be substantiated in Iraq's nuclear weapons program. If anybody tells you they know the nuclear situation in Iraq right now in the absence of four years of inspections, I would say they're misleading you because there isn't solid evidence out there, Mr. Guazdicki said. I don't know where they determined that Iraq has retained this much weaponization capability because when we left in December 90, we concluded that we had neutralized their nuclear weapons program. We had confiscated their official material. We destroyed all their key buildings in the equipment. He said, Mr. Guazdicki said there is no evidence about Sodom's nuclear capability right now either through his organization, other agencies or any government period. How do you like that, huh? You don't think they're lying to us, do you? I think they're lying to everybody. No. I think they're lying. You're such a cynic George. They wouldn't lie to us. The US government would lie to us? No. That couldn't possibly have it. Not then landed a formerly free in the home of many graves. Right. Right. Why would they? Now they wouldn't do it. What do they have to gain? O-I-L-M-O-N-E-Y. Those things keep going through my mind over and over again. Why didn't local? We're sports radio five, 60's U-A. U-A-N. Why did you bestig? And here, coconut hits, it's me, Janet Globes, a granite renal. And I am hot, man. I am peored. Just plain old hat off. What an am a Sam Hill half in is what I want to know. First they've had trouble with tingling chance. Now they got these touch screen jobies that don't work worth a crap. I think they got them from Jet Blue. They're some of them hold ones. They used to play electronic poker on. I mean, having stability. This is voting in serious. I know that after the recap, I will beat a victor. Actually, let me clarify. I will still beat Janet. But I will also beat Victor. Capit. I got half a mind. It get my red Toyota 4x4 pickup and head down to Havanna. I'll load up some locals and put this thing over the tab. The biggest problems were indeed in Broward County's. Two of my strongest areas. I mean, I personally slept below for 4,000 men and women in most of four mentioned areas, which should have secured me certain victory. But instead, I got to put a whole ski on my nude victory party. The hammer's nails. I'm freaking. Not to mention in the middle of this whole mess of crap. One of my beans went bad on me. I'll pitch it dollars to donuts that little bastard Ilyan Gonzalez had something to do with this. Either that or that, the in Marine. I never bought him that whole ice at corner glove, the only bad. You ain't heard the last from Janet boobs and granite renal Florida. I'm sure that. 11.02560W. If you have a hoodie like this, thanks about the Donning. They got it wrong. I don't dislike Phil. I'm forgetting for his Ralph Nader brain fart. I just feel sorry for him because he's over the hill. He's weak. And nobody's watching his show. Oh no. Paper Jan. Oh no. I just had a really important facts to. Well, it'll come out this one. Why won't it please? Just relax. Okay, we don't need dollars. What show was that? Was that the gay gourmet? I don't know. It's the movie. I'm not just a songwriter or a show, it's one of the travel shows. Hey, are these those show and they can people on travel channel? The time. I'll ride. I think we do have a travel channel here, but it's not the same one. Okay, here's the important thing. Do I want to, I'll show, let's put Jeff Cohen on here. I'll definitely just finish this thing first. Sure. One thing at a time, since he wants to hold the show. I didn't listen to his statement, did you see the Donning show tomato? see this is about the um Christian on companies buying up the radio stations Right, which I had that's the right days and days ago, remember that? Hmm and also so can dark dump trance like me and push their Christian right wing agenda Now these good Christians want to take poor movies out of hotel rooms and next they'll buy up all the cable companies will only get you rated movies You're absolutely correcters. That's what they want. They want to Christianize and sanitize while they're doing their hanky panky and speaking hanky panky Is he on the line? We're we're calling it. Oh, you're calling it to call him Why is that? Well, he didn't wait on holder nothing. Well, why not? What does wrong one is he like busier something? Probably busy. He's a guy with all his money ponytail and all the free plugs that we give him for Christ's sake Well, why do you try to get a hold of him? Join George and Carlos tomorrow 11 to one at Bill Signals Boulevard of Savings in Miami just west to 27. Everyone northwest 36 street Stop by for some marginal prizes and free food excellent food for Mad Lannick city subs where the bread makes the difference and we love Ira good guy not a big fat mouth not thought that that type of like Scott, but a good guy and Come by the castaway seafood company located in the corner University in Griffin Road Monday nights at 10 or 36 to 8 p.m. George will be there and McGill and Carlos and a bunch of other free loaders With a QM prize van for great food and Drake specials to now what is it that you're doing? I give up because I could have called the White House and gotten through to what's pretty a fact that you can hold a job. And it was busy Yo, wait we got him he's on Why is it he's on there punch my zonner Jeff Cohen? Yes, sir. Hello Neil. How you doing? I'm stressing stresson about one I get all everything ready for Monday peace of cake baby in fact I bet your marsiel be your first free load. I mean customer on Monday We're in the kitchen right now. I'm at the new store or doing truck work and getting ready Are you really going to have to count on me heavily because nobody can see that place from the road? I know I know but that's cool and you're coming back to town soon anyway, right? Couple of weeks since rain. There you go. We'll make it till then It's been a battle man. I got to tell you I forgot how hard it was to do this stuff now. Is that because of Time constraints because the city of plantation busted your balls or what is it now? The city plantation was pretty good. It was really just a matter of starting from scratch and I got messed up with a computer company That didn't come through for me and luckily there's a local company called Pannacle that did a system for me in 10 days Which normally takes six weeks because I couldn't have opened without it And so we're finishing that up today and tomorrow That's where all the pressure is I mean we said that we're actually talking on the phone. We got the phone sticks up here and that's something We made our progress man. In fact we're getting so much rain out up here I might just not come back at all when you come right down to it Come back for a little while, okay? Yeah, they all want to piece of me. They all want a little piece of me. It's just There's a big no, let me ask you I've the deal's gonna be the same there. It's gonna. Same free drugs and everything Yeah, absolutely no security Monday night, Los Angeles, all that stuff all the same Sam, you know, we think that's not the same year is gonna be the kids tonight. We're not gonna have a kid's night in the beginning Well, why's that? Because I haven't lined up a magician or and I also want to make sure that everything is under control before we I start getting crazy here when you first open a lot of times you get one shot of the customer and If it isn't going smooth and coming out the right way, it'll be six months before they come back again That's what Joe Pesci was always bitching to that he only got one shot of the customer We're now in two or three shots at the bartender though But let's great. So what so it'll be open officially for lunch on Monday 11 am seven days a week day and night We're not gonna deliver the first few days that were open once again to make sure we have everything smooth and under control Yeah, you don't want to deliver no crappy pizza because that'll be right in the unit Yeah, since we get that square away then we'll start delivering well This is gonna be great. I think you're gonna have a tremendous response because out there by me, man There's not much there is not much at all. Yeah, as you Over time best a lot Jeff I see a soon all right say I'm I if he said that one more time that would have been the end Pinnacle What is 10 Kennedy? 100 pounds that in the merits of their cause I reject this as should we all Let me say Go ahead in I not only can see but I am convinced that the president for its police genuinely in the course He urges upon us and let me say with the same plainness Those who agree with that course have an equal obligation to resist any temptation to confer patriotism into politics It is possible to love America while concluding that it is not now wise to go to war The standard that should guide us is especially clear when lives are on the line We must ask what is right for our country and not party That is the true spirit of September 11 Not on thinking unanimity, but a clear-minded unity in our determined to defeat terrorism To defend our values and the values of life itself You know the bottom of his ears are like he's like a flap Now that you mentioned you know, Stan You're like flaps you know like if you're gonna take off and go into flight. Oh, I think he's in danger of flying 900 pounds the human anchor Ted Kay. Let him have a Ted That boy shoebomic splices found on Moroccan airline. How can we have a talk about this sooner? Don't know What was the name of that company pinnacle? Computer I mean, you know, I understand he likes to get like that the Cisco foods people over there in New Orleans Where it is I sure hope they had not drowned over there Jeff But man alive talk about horing the airway. That's okay. He's a good guy Little overdone there don't you think pinnacle wasn't yes Explosives of the same type is found on the led shoe bomber Richard Reed were discovered on a Moroccan jet after passengers left the flight in the airport in eastern France authority said yesterday Official said there was nothing explosive material to blow up a plane There was no detonator attempt to the three ounces of explosive discovered in the past new section of a royal air morac Airplane on Wednesday night after landed the metz Nancy Lorraine airport according to police Judicial sources speaking on condition of anonymity identified the explosive material as pentrite and said it was the same substance that Reed a British citizen Allegedly tried to detonate an American Airlines flight from Paris to Miami December 22 The airline refused comment on the case The explosives found once they were wrapped in aluminum foil. He said indicating him might have been in transit for delivery They Boeing 737 originated in Marrakesh Who did that song? Presby swels a nice yes, indeed very good Judicial sources said they've been unable to find a fuse mechanism made for detonation The explosives were found between armrest by dogs from the custom service as they performed a routine search of the plane Andy terrorism police were investigating the final law with a counterweight held his ages You know as the DST no connection of course to the DDT Pentrite is found in the plastic explosive syntax which was used in the bomb attack on pan and play 103 or Velocarby scouting 988 that killed turn in 70 people So they had bomb sniffing dogs in there and they just to happen to come across it. I didn't hear any bombs sniffing cats did you No, I may have missed that part of the story. I didn't hear any Marrakesh deal on Martha probe and Assistant in Merrill Lynch and companies agreed to play guilty to I missed a mean to ratestify against Martha Stewart and others In the federal investigation stock sales in impone systems last year the walls regional reported yesterday's editions Prosecutors had sought to charge the assistant Douglas fan you will I didn't have any name replace in Boston after him Fanny will haul it's called the same by the way Douglas fan you will with a felony for making false statements to investigators But later agreed to a misdemeanor exchange for his cooperating newspaper set signing people from the middle of discussions The charges expected to be filed within days Through his lawyer fan will decline to come at us to the U.S. Attorney's Office in New York the journal said a spokesman for a steward to climb to comment But in the past she's denied wrongdoing as we know do we believe her no Merrill Lynch handled the stewards sailed nearly 4,000 in coneshires and late December Surely be for the company announced the federal regulators would not review the company's cancer drug Irbatox Fanny will's plea deal which remains something to change will not be final until it's entered in federal court Yoddi yoddi on Stewart as we all know this is on cbs news.com Stor was a contributor to the CBS news early show in full-scale broke last spring and that the story just ends as opposed to saying and then we came to Ras And then we wanted to avoid the embarrassment we wanted to avoid the heat The heat the kids and supposed to be coming from the stove not from Martha's ass. You see what we're saying back to them. That's it 12 minutes past 11 at five sixty wqm what's that schedule look like boy? I haven't gotten into the schedule. I feel almost like mo now That's bad Is that monkey grinder still a working the organ writer? I'm looking for it now Jim man is your one Who's got his own zoo there for two hours? Hank Goldberg will be at the oh, and by the way, hey Hank yesterday was filming at the mouth Something about mo. I don't want to go into details, but the Humper was not real happy with mo yesterday That's the one we're on the building. I'm here and getting all the way back up here In fact, I went out for walk a last night and some guy ought to be hey Neil the Humper's pissed off with mo Hank Goldberg three to six thirty in of course because it's Friday that means the day bonds that the coaches show between five and six Six thirty it's then we're getting right out of the end isn't this the last weekend Carlos for Marlins? I hope so Marlins on deck at six thirty seven or five the Marlins in the braves and let's see the panthers in the lightning at the AM seven ninety starting in seven fifty. Oh uh On AM seven ninety for hockey, so we have to wait till the name Marlin crap is over. Ed Capla after all that stuff And then ESPN radio overnight because it's Friday night in Joe Markdown work are a Friday night cuz mo way non-Serday morning Tom Layman and Halipadi IGMC are doing it again 0% financing continues right now at Halip with a proof credit from GMAC You can get yourself 0% financing up to 36 months on all 2003 Pontiac and GMC models or take you a rebate up to four grand and all 2000 two Pontiacs or GMC models in stock and when you want to help probably one of the most important things you'll do Besides making you a great deal is talk to Tom Layman as Tom if it's really true that a Muscadot and Bob Eisenberg said I guarantee he'll find it The truth he'll say the answer is absolutely You're going to share it over doubt why do you had how to take a look at the complete line of great GMC SUVs Those big beautiful gansk us listen including the envoy voted by motor trend is if you SUV Do you hear that the siren in the back? No, can't hear a board loud man Plus see the all new Pontiac Vibus you eat it's got the power of a big fancy fancy sports car Halip's also got a great slice of dependable pre on cars person SUVs like they always do waitin for you and as far as credit is concerned This is very important for a lot of you marginal people out there if you've had difficulty getting credit for a car or truck or whatever in the past Have no fear because how about is here. They'll get you signed up So for a great deal on Pontiac's GMC see Halip Pontiac at 1 341 sub-dixie hardware on US what across from the falls Or they'll treat you right open seven days a week you can call them a 305 238 4040 that's 305 238 4044 Halip Pontiac GMC We are Professional grade believe it or not And whoa this is Food can't keep his tech or in his hands in this place. I see a lot of gas I also see a lot of folks taking medicine but don't fight gas. Wow this night quilt knocks me out. I still got gas The gas deck has the most powerful medicine to really get fast Not as fast as I thought 1118 at 5 60 WQ. I am happy Friday to you What did I be about there and that's right there playing the fillies and not the braves and there's no hockey game apparently There is a hockey game is just not gonna be broadcast that the I see Well, so why do we have what we got a program to record we got an operations manager at general manager We got a floor show of dog and pony show and we still can't get the schedule right. I mean remember the old days when the schedule used to be right every day or just about Not anymore, but we got too many fingers in that pot, you know Too many fingers in the pot. In fact, I would be surprised if they're not getting the seeds out There's something really shaky going on in a cute way I'm it's a damn good thing I'm coming back soon because I gotta take a look and see what's going on there We got nobody cares okay, no reason. It's a Friday night anybody's gonna be listening to Marla to the fillies We'll put you out of your misery Now look at this quote from Jack and Berlin a Bob. I'm sorry Jack and Vulcan night professor of constitution law enforcement in the Yale Law School September 22th just a few days ago He said today the world faces a single man armed with weapons events destruction manifesting an aggressive bullying attitude Who may well pundit the world in the chaos and bloodshed if he miscalculates this person Belligerian arrogant and sure of himself truly is the most dangerous person on earth The problem is that his name is George's W. Abortionese are president So said Jack and Vulcan night professor constitutional law and first amendment at W is alma mater Yale Law School. How do you like that? I like it? As the return address Well, we didn't say what his attorney dress was probably some or Connecticut I'm Sarah for Ted baby I'm a couple of ounces you've almost done time at the present time We do face a prey pressing risk of proliferation from Russia stockpiled weapons of mass destruction America spans only one billion dollars a year to seek guard those weapons Get the administration is preparing to spend between 100 and 200 billion dollars on a war with a rock I do not accept the idea The trying other alternatives is either futile or perilous that the risks awaiting are greater than the risk of war Indeed in launching a war against Iraq now the United States may precipitate The very threat that we are intent of preventing weapons of mass destruction in the hands of terrorists If Saddam Frijim and his very survival of threatened then his view of his interest Maybe for a founding author he may decide he has nothing to lose by using weapons of mass destruction himself or by sharing them with terrorists Some who advocate military action against Iraq however Assert that air strikes will do the job quickly and decisively and at the operation will be complete in 72 hours But there is again no persuasive evidence that he strikes alone over the course of several days Will incapacitate Saddam and destroy his weapons of mass destruction Experts have informed us that we do not have sufficient intelligence against military targets in Iraq Saddam may well hide his most lethal weapons in lost schools and hospitals if our forces attempt to strike such targets Unrolled numbers of Iraqi civilians could be killed In the Gulf war many of Saddam soldiers quickly retreated because they did not believe the invasion of Kuwait was justified But when Iraq's survival is at stake It is more likely that they will fight to the end Saddam and his military may well abandon the desert retreat to Baghdad and engage in urban gorilla warfare And in our September 23rd hearing general Clark told the committee that we would need a large military force and Plan for urban warfare General horse in that our military would have to be prepared to fight block by block in Baghdad And that we could lose a battalion of soldiers a day in casualties Urban Fighting would he said look like the last brutal 15 minutes of the movie saving private Ryan Before the Gulf war in 1991 Secretary of State's game Baker met with the Iraqis in threatened who sane with catastrophic with a catastrophe If he employed weapons of mass destruction In that war although Saddam launched 39 scud missiles at Israel He did not use the chemical of biological weapons that he had at hand Is Saddam's regime and survival of threatened he will have nothing to lose and they use everything at his disposal Is raise he Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharan has announced that instead of his forbearance In the 1991 Gulf war this time Israel will respond if attacked If weapons are mass destruction land on Israel is Israeli soil Tilling innocent civilians the experts that I have consulted believe that Israel will retaliate and possibly with nuclear weapons This escalation Spirling out of control control control the Arab world into a regional war in which our Arab allies side With Iraq against the United States and against Israel and that would represent a fundamental threat Israel to the region to the world economy and to international order Nor can we rule out the possibility that Saddam would assault American forces with chemical and biological weapons Despite the advances and protecting our troops we do not yet have the capability to safeguard all of them Our soldiers sale his airmen and Marines are serving their country with great distinction Just under 70,000 reservists in national guards have been mobilized for the war against terrorism If we embark upon a premature or a unilateral military campaign against Iraq or a campaign only with Britain Our forces will have to serve and even greater numbers for longer periods and with grave arrests Our force strength will be stretched even thinner and war is the last resort If in the end we have to take that course The burden should be shared with allies and That is less likely If war becomes an immediate response Let him have a Ted boy you sweat and up a storm that's what happened to be 600 pounds I don't and excited and work up into a frenzy well he gets excited a lot Anyway, he's doing a hell of a job. I'm going to her Ted. Let it lie just stick into him Can we lighten it up just a second because I'm getting so whipped up into a frenzy listen to him and speak I Don't Kelly tops pop singles chart see from the very are sublime to the ridiculous or is it the other way around? I'm not really sure in this case a American idol champion Kelly Clarkson didn't have to wait a lifetime for the moment when her television fame was transformed in a record setting gold on the pop charts Are you where this yeah from depressed about it to go? I think I'd rather go back to Ted on Iraq was powerful and for me it was persuasive The bubbly 20 year old who bought a national TV audience and foxes network summer reality series shot to number one on the latest Hot 100 singles chart from Nielsen soundsk in with a moment like this the song she performed on the final episode of the show and all I can say is You're right. It's depressing the single paired with a song before you love on the double a side record rose from number 52 spot After going on selling stores last week Marking the biggest leap to number one in the history of the hot 100 her label rc record said Wednesday Clarkson's debut selling 236 thousand copies and it's first weekend stores grabbed the top spot away from the song dilemma From hip hop star Nelly that song which also featured vocals from Kelly Rowland of Destiny's child It's been seven weeks at number one. So like I said I'm lusty personal. Okay, if that's what it replaced I'm pretty happy about it. Yeah Because anybody has to do with Destiny's child makes me want to make a trip to the bowl and we need live not sooner on my hands and knees 1126 at five 60 WQ a M. Hey speaking to your knees and your feet see how we tie this in all together They have bone connected to your whatever your joint That's what Jeff Cohen says. It's connected to your joint like his lips. That's right new balance the South Florida cover Zodiac by letting him put where needs maybe he got some leftover for us. What's his name Todd Drek If you need new athletics shoes for cross training cross dressing running walk at around schlepping out What if you're gonna be doing this is the place new balance. I love menu will too because they don't carry a bunch of crap They carry on with the best that money can buy and they say we lot of money as well and of course They still come up with that revolutionary deal and they're never gonna let go of that They never luckily your feet foot feet They want to measure them and see how long they are and how wide they are Make sure you get a perfect fit to keep coming back and of course new balances got us love your shoes They give you the best possible fit all the way from infant size up to size 20 So even if you have ordinarily very very tough to fit speed I have no fear because new balances here and new balances got style sizes and what's his shoes you could only find before in catalogs or by mail order They got him sitting on the shelf waiting for you right now So this weekend make a run over to new balances out Florida with three locations You'll find them in the most prestigious avansure mall Pine crest Boca town center and coming to a fourth location November the new location in Palm Beach Gardens if your feet could pack you They kiss you right on the post for sluff and over to new balance Why do you best dude Welcome back to the glittering magic river. I want to name it a show. We have a full duck at today Including the double gait of articulate athlete of yours You know that types mocha still at it. What what singing to the songs make it fun to me They make fun of me all the time I don't know why they don't adore Everything will be alright, bro It's a hands on me a fairy you queer yet to jumpa real man don't touch only during the game Yes, master they want singing. I'll give them singing get on a piano. Oh my there okay, mom now hit it Back in my day men was straight The day is with today That's why I can't tolerateudes會 geys Close Yeah, Lord My wing fell off my tongue Okay Where were we? Spawn holes were in case after! Oh, I'll take it from here. The guys that like the worship men... The thing we won't see for the new way that they're not on my gang. Did it mean Puzult brought staves to this? Or did it go hair retain? Jesus Christ died really hate. Jesus Christ lived die. This is for Peck O'Jourdes. Although, a muckle and dear fielfax me inspired me to play that because it says those Moan, Gildy bits are friggin hilarious. Who makes those for you? Whoever it is, Tom McKeebon coming. Well, they will keep on coming. Squirt score and its book of Brian has propitious that he might have asked a question of May because two days allegedly, the new book of Brian Disco be out. The best of. What's it going to be called? Right. Restitution and no bits. Restitution and no bits. Sorry, the decision song will be on their volume one, which means the first of many. No question about that. So it'll be on our website. You'll be able to click on there and buy it. And play it and deal with it, etc. Airports security gets another F. In January and February, CBS News went on to cover the test security in major American airports. We took Lendon Film Bags which block X-rays to check points. Steve Ellson who used to test check points security for the FAA helped us with our tests. When the bag goes through the X-ray, there's a big black blob, there are possible to miss and yet they just continually go through. Screen is good not to see clearly what was in our carry-ons and should have searched them because a weapon could have been hidden in or under the film bags. But 70% of screen is failed to check or even detect the film bags. At the time the TSA blamed a broken system. Congress ordered the federal government to take over all their poor check points by November 19. But with two months to go, the service of the senator course we revisited. Baltimore was the only one where federal employees screen all passengers. At the rest private companies that are federal supervisions still handle some if not all of the screening. They're not government employees and they haven't received the same training. The new head of the TSA James Lewis says security is improved. It's changed dramatically for the better says lawyer. I'm very impressed with the diligence of the screeners who are in place today. To determine if screening really has improved, CBS News went back to the same airports using the same kind of X-ray blocking film bags. And we got the same results. Once again 70% of the time those film bags went undetected or unopened. In Los Angeles, screeners actually did worse. Last time they found and checked our film bags 50% of the time last week they missed all of them. We'd also been detected 50% of the time in New York's LaGuardia on this latest round, which else also helped us with screeners failed every test. Well, there's something to be said for consistency anyway, right? Right? Every test 100%. The quality was a typical day says else and you go through and you think there's no way to miss this, and yet we just generally sailed right through the checkpoint. In two incidents, screeners did find one film bag, we missed a second one that CBS News producer was also carrying. They had the idea, but they didn't carry it through to complacences, also therefore they failed. Screeners had Atlanta and Washington's Reagan National didn't check any of our film bags six months ago. And again, they missed them all this time. And like I said, something that we said for being consistent. We've done with the screeners and New York's Kennedy reports stopped us last time, and that happened again in four out of five tests. There were some success stories, and here's the good news. Screeners in four, louder, they'll stop doesn't check the film bags six months ago, and did everything right again last week. Let's hear it for four, louder, they'll. Right. Let's hear it. It's got time we got something good. Somebody had a patissana shoulder and say, you're not completely incompetent. Generally you are, but we'll just this one time making a exception. In Baltimore, all screeners are federal employees earlier this year, and they're going to have a lot of fun. And I think that's the first time we've done the first time they've ever done ever open the bag and then it's successfully says else than they did very well that they meeting in Baltimore. I hope that's the way for the future we said. Isn't that what what's his name used to say you're riding the way to the future on those awful spots? Who? Onos something dot com spots. Don't you remember? Hey, Mr. President, you ride the way to the future? Oh, one, wasn't that a merit rate? No merit rate, very good. Anyway, but he, after 9, 11 else in the steelboard, they're missing all kinds of things. He says, that's the frightening part. Things like guns. Be afraid. Be very afraid. A checkpoint supervisor at Atlanta, sir, for was fired last week after a woman reported to playing with a load of weapon after ammunition. She was caught at another report by the new layer of preboarding screening in Gatorias. A security requirement that may eliminate for passenger convenience. So there you go. Fly your own risk. Good luck to all of us. That's all I can tell you. The dog and pony show continues. 22 till noon at 5.60 QM, the mad dog at 1. 5. 5. 6. 3. 4. QM. 4. 4. 4. 5. 4. 4. 4. 4. 4. 6. 4. 4. 6. 6. 4. 4. 4. 6. 6. 5. 9. 4. 6. 7. 6. We're judging map. We're shooting my f*** up. Yeah. We're shooting our f*** up. We're shooting our f*** up. We're shooting our f*** up. If they don't think this one would be tied, three thousand miles above the abat. But you'll bring the wash f***ing. Also cut their trumpet. You'll put a button on the subject. Like I'd fuck. Why, why you like that? Why are you criticizing me? Why? Why am I I'm 43 at 560WQAM from the UK Independent. Russia fears US law companies will take over the world's second biggest reserves. There's that word again, OIL, MOLNY, VOTES, all companies from around the world are maneuvering for the multibillion dollar bananzas that would follow the outstanding of Saddam Hussein. Russia's so concerned that it's been holding secret of talks with the Iraqi opposition to shore up its economic interest in the country which still owes Moscow $7 billion from Soviet times. Well, the second biggest reserves in the world are racks under developed oil fields of become a keen negotiating chip in a backdrop to talks between the US and the other permanent members of the UN Security Council, all of which have major economic stakes in regime change in Iraq. It's also given fuel to critics of America's war plans who say the ZARP or regime change is at least partly driven by economics. Oil industry experts say there's growing concern that America would dominate the Iraqi world industry after Saddam, as a result of a number of oil companies have reportedly held talks with the Iraqi opposition to ensure they're involved in many future deals. The independent is learned that the Russian government which is firmly toward Iraq recently dispatched a diplomat to hold talks with the senior official from the Iraqi National Congress, the US backed opposition on Brelligroop, at that meeting in Washington, August 29, the first for seven years, the diplomatic-spressed worries that Russia would be kept out of the oil markets by the US. Spain's Walsy, the former director of the CIA, and commentator on a relationship between oil and global security, told the Washington Post, it's pretty straightforward. France and Russia have oil companies in interest in Iraq. They should be told that if they are of assistance in moving Iraq to a decent government, we'll do the best we can to ensure the new government and American companies work closely with them. If they throw their lot in with Saddam, it'll be difficult at the point of impossal but persuade the new Iraqi government to work with them. Iraq is confirmed oil reserves of 112 billion barrels, second only in Saudi Arabia, with perhaps double that in undiscovered reserves. They're concerned about oil and M.A.Y.B. like I keep telling you. Second man is charged in alleged mosque threat, Tampa. Federal authorities have charged demand they say on five of the firearms we covered at the home of a pedagogy to accuse of plotting the blow, Islamic mosques, and centers around the state of Florida. Samuel Vaggin Shanahan III of Dunedin was arrested as home, Wednesday night by agents for the US Bureau of the ATF, and charged with legally transferring firearms according to the criminal complaint filed yesterday in Tampa. Shanahan was denied bail after Thursday afternoon detention hearing before US magistrate Thomas McCoon III. McCoon said he need to investigate the case further before deciding whether to allow Shanahan to be released on bailed over this father in Citrus County. Shanahan 42 was first questioned by investigators August 23. The day that Robert Goldstein was arrested. Remember him? Of course I could have forget. At least a Goldstein, I'll tell you, can forget, was that some bubblehead in the afternoon on CNN, they were talking last week, one day or the week before about the terrorism. It was some some schmoth ahead on there, complaining about the anti Islamic bigotry in the US and he brought up an incident about the Goldstein being away. I don't remember that story, but I'll have to check into which this is one of the so-called the, yeah. And I sat there with my jaw down to my goddamn testicles. Okay, thinking what kind of a certainly not news, CNN, my F and A, okay, a bunch of bubbleheads in there, manipulating public opinion all over the goddamn world, would their light weight simple to bubbleheads like this bitch. Then we had to figure out how not him. Anyway, Shanahan 42 was first questioned by investigators August 23. The day Robert Goldstein was arrested. Police say Goldstein, a pedactric in Seminole had drawn up fans to destroy an Islamic education center and dozens of mosques. Detailed written plans refer to a vial. Shanahan, a federal lessons to firearms dearer, told investigators he didn't know why he was named a Goldstein's document. He said he had no knowledge of why his name was mentioned. A T F, special A to war in Randall said during Shanahan's detention hearing. He described Mr. Goldstein as a person who dabble with electronics. He later said he knew Goldstein to dabble with explosives. Goldstein's written plan that listed viales and accomplices was scratched out with Mike and he can't written over it throughout. Got it? Got it. You asked a police officer, Steeb Cole-Bold, come in and whether other people have been questioned, we're still trying to determine if anybody else is involved. In the plot. Oh, here we go with more priest stuff. Cheese, is this ever going to win? Oh, God. Every day in my pile I got priest in and Carlos Blurts out today come to find out he was an altar boy. Yeah. So it was lucky he was ugly. Never thought of that. Yeah, see? You weren't luck. The lucky altar boys are the ugly ones. But that's what George is saying. Okay, now you know, see, now he heard his feelings again. No, that's quite all right. Now he's been called worse. A prosecutor took the unusual step yesterday, releasing the names of Roman Catholic priest whom church officials say were accused of sexually abusing children, but of not even charged by authorities. Bristol County District Attorney Paul Walsh gave out the list of 20 names as the announced the endemic of a priest, allegedly Mustang or girl from 1965 to 71. Civil rights advocates criticized Walsh for encouraging a witch hunt. Walsh acknowledges that this is going to go against standard prosecutor, a prosecutor, a policy and appeared to be the first move of its kind by a prosecutor. In the normal course of events, we would not identify suspect in criminal case who hasn't been formally charged, but in this case I don't think that policy should be applied Walsh said. It perpetuates secrecy and invalidates victims and it pretends that unless ever happened. I'm just not going to do that said Walsh would encourage people to come forward with information and allocations against the many named. Walsh obtained the names of the priest from the fall river dices after that's in Massachusetts. After the courty's sexual abuse scandal erupted in Massachusetts earlier this year, dices began turning over names of accused priest to civil authorities after Cardinal Law, mandated such reporting in the Boston Arts dices. The fall river dices turned over a total of 21 names and clung the priest to our yesterday and two priests were now deceased. The remaining 18 priests had never been prosecuted in the cause of the statute of limitations of expired or because the alleged victim was not interested in pressing criminal charges Walsh said. None of the name priests have active ministries. Most of her e-target several were removed from their ministries after allegations of sex abuse received by the Nazis in the 1990s. Several names on the list have been made public before by church officials or as part of civil lawsuits. The Boston Arts dices policy of publicly naming its suspending priest before a full investigation has been criticized and civil rights advocates had sharp words for Walsh's move. Releasing the names just to see if people will come forward to me that's just a form of a witch hunt, so Michael Higgins, executive director of justice for priest and deacons, a San Diego organization founded by Canon Lawyers in 1997. Higgins was removed from the priest in 1999 after he was accused of soliciting sex and a confessional he denies the allegations of killed his case all the way to the Vatican to the Holy Father. Philip Kormier, a Boston attorney of specializes in civil liberties on litigation said the public release of the priest names by a district attorney could invite false accusations. Essentially, these people are targets people see signs, dollar signs, they see these civil settlements that people are getting it's very easy for people to make something up. Like Carlos, how come you see a shoot a made something up? Yeah, right. I couldn't find that. Something happened 20 years ago and I need to get paid. Well, how was it? I can't remember. They were very skilled. Two priests told a face questions. Back them. Oh, this is from a son's sentinel. So there might be some truth to it. Two priests kind of were questioning by the defense attorney's representing an apprentice monk accused of murdering an unremeligious school, Miami judge, rode a day. This is that ongoing story. Well, I sure still do Mr. Moncini, you know. In a highly unusual move of the priest and vote their fifth member, right? This month when called upon is when this is by the defense attorney's in the case of Michael Koful, a Ukrainian nationality 20 year old, Koful was charged by a student with a murder of sister Michelle Lewis, a teacher in Holy Cross Academy in Kendall. The non-svody was found naked, stabbed and beaten in a home at the academy. They've county police say Koful was pleaded not guilty. Confessed were March 25, 2000 stabbing of Lewis 39 telling them she'd been verbally abusive to him. Koful was being held without pay also to police that the academy's two eyes officials, the Reverend Abby Gregory went and his assistant, the Reverend Damien Jivou, sexually abused him, school officials denied the accusation. But the priest offensive turned his wand of the state to be the first to wipe their clients' questions because they would then be granted immunity for their testimony. Mel Black, who represents what also questioned what knowledge the priest would have about the murder. We need to talk about what his supposed knowledge would be, he said, Koful stabbed the victim 90 times on his own, cometer on his own, and broken the business office on his own. By his own admission, nobody else was involved in his crime. There's no purpose in taking these depositions. They'd circuit judge manual, Crestbow didn't buy his argument, rolling that the clergyman will have to attend another deposition and answer some questions because it's the defense is right to do so. You can't hide behind this veneer, he said. Koful's defense attorneys hailed the judge's decision. They're under every obligation to be spectant. We spotted the courts ruling said, right past South Coffle's court appointed public defender. The scope of these witnesses knowledge would regard to this case is great. Blacks of all his kinds have nothing to hide, he'll advise them not to answer questions, regarding the sexual allegations. Nobody believes these allegations he said. This is a red herring. Every there? No. The red herring? Never. I guarantee that it'd give you bigger portions than the Rob Lomster automatically. Oh, the red Lomster, man, there's another one of my least favorites. And I ever even remember if the food was any good or not? No, it was now. Because the portions are so small. You know, sometimes you have to eat like more than a 15th of an ounce to get a little taste in your mouth and get the drift of what you're eating. But the portions are so teeny and tiny and so overpriced that I don't recall what the food was good. So you're telling me not only of the portions small, but the food sucks. The food sucks. Two more good reasons not to go to the red lobster. Who the hell was ripping? When they were talking about that mis America thing, the Jersey account thing would be a tight in the background. Yeah, what about it? And some asshole, they had one of the talking hitchhows. He was going on about well, all these other stereotypes that he brought up, Romano's macaroni grill. What the hell is ugly about Romano's Macaroni grill? We're commercials. The guys that do the commercial, which I'm sure you've seen. Yeah. What's wrong with that? Nothing. Nothing. You offend some thin skinnier. How about the goddamn little the Elton Taco Bell dog? Oh, yeah. Well, the beeners are all up and arms about that. Well, see everybody's up tight. First of all, let me just tell you this. Almost every black character on television even though it's 2002. Almost every black person is presented as a stereotype. Make no mistake about it. Okay? Right? Is that correct? That's correct. And the specs. They walked away. They speak the way they act and the same with the beers. I mean, it's just the symbol crap man. Everything is a stereotype. And in every now and then, you know, it's just like when the godfather first came on. There was Joe Dodge, you'll on the today's show in a morning on NBC. And he's getting all better. Shape and they bring on somebody from the Catholic league. And right away, he's got, oh, gee, this is terrible. And it's a defamation ball crap. Okay? If the full fits, fight it. That's what I say. A bunch of bull crap. We love re, uh, Romano, whatever it is, Romano's macaroni grill. Right. And we love the party. We love the food they bring in. The commercials are all hoot. They're great. These people with no sense of humor, man. America's becoming constipated. Okay? We, we fought a war to get away from the brits. And now we're becoming more constipated than they are. Uptight and out of sight like Stevie Wonder would say. Partying with X to C several times tonight, a common practice among users of the illegal drug may damage key neurons in the brain and perhaps hasten the onset of park instances disease according to a study in monkeys. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Maybe that explains our behavior on a show. Maybe it's all that X to C have brought back from Mahalant. Thank you, by the way. You're welcome. You talk to his. But some researchers were skeptical of the results from the animal studies translate to humans and said such studies, the scores researched them widely, the medical uses for accuracy. A Johns Hopkins University researcher injected squirrel monkeys in bad boons with three shots of X to C also know as MDMA, three hours of part mimicking dosages off and used by MDMA uses it all night and parties. He said the drug caused in doing damage to dopamine producing neurons in the brains of the animals. You'll rope a dopamine. The damage was still out on two weeks to six weeks later said Dr. George A. We caught the lead author of the study of pering this week in the journal science, but he said it's not clear if the damage neurons will repair themselves. A key factor in mother estacy could cause Parkinson's disease. Parkinson's is a brain disorder triggered by the permanent loss of dopamine producing nerve cells. So take it at your own risk. Okay, plus it's illegal beside. But George has got plenty for this weekend. No, I don't. You know, I wish. Well, maybe somebody will drop you some by. Hey, see if Todd knows anybody in David. Four minutes till noon at five, 60 anybody named Steve in David. Hot Todd, lazy S. piece of turd. I've stepped on better things in my life than you, Todd. Things that smell better too, and that were hell of a lot more useful, and that did a lot more work. Weasel Quizling, useless. Go talk to the Coligan man. Okay, maybe he'd like to step on your little ass too. I'll tell you a place where you'd like to have a great time and that's dollar mattress. You don't even go there. You don't see them. You don't see anybody. You just talk to an eligible expert about betting on the phone. That's it. That's that. That's the extent of your span. And of course, delivery people that you're up. They do a great job. They just came in off the banana boat. But they'll do a stupidish job for you. Just call 1-800 mattress. Like I said, this saves you so much time and grief and running around and gas and money. And within no time at all, you'll be hooked up with a fantastic mattress to kindly like to sleep on the brand name, whichever is what you're favorite. And they carry only the best. Serta, Seely, Simmons King coil, no off-brands that nobody ever heard of. No crap. Only spectacular brand name mattresses that unbeatable everyday low prices. And as far as deliveries concern, like I always tell you, nobody else in the universe I don't believe give you a service like this. They deliver any day to week seven days. Any to our window when you're going to be home and it's convenient for you. You pick it. Noonah-2, 1-3, 2-4, 4-15-6-15, etc. And they give you that 30 day in-home cupboard guarantee to test it out the real way by sleeping on it and doing all sorts of x-rayed things on it. So if you want to get yourself a great mattress, if you want to do what is in your back, what it used to do. Call 1-800 mattress right now. Like I always do 1-800-MATT-R-E-S or check a lot of that wicked worldwide web at mattress.com. You can't complete well our make it slow on the street, but I show beef as home I think. Come on to it five six. You don't forget Tuesday the Big Broker brand thing comes out. Restitution and MoBits, finally one. It will be right on our website on theofarchus.com. And I guess maybe you ought to make a bunch of extra ones to lay out the new pizza lock on the thing that's a good idea. That is a great idea. You guys can go over there, get a free meal and you can like to drop some off and they can pick them up right there or be an extra incentive for people to go in there because in the beginning you want to make sure everybody knows where it is. And the rest are on too. Right behind Walgreens they are not willing to sunrise and plantation. Not easy to see, you can't see it from the street. It's hidden. It's hidden by a bunch of ugly trees and boys and stuff and by Walgreens, but that's okay. It's right. In fact, Marcie will show you where to go. Well I got to do like one more priest thing here okay because it's in the Palm Beach post. As a two-sits authority say the Catholic Dice he's headed by Bishop Sean P. O'Malley who scheduled take over the Dice he's a Palm Beach next month, sat on information about a few of priest for a year as making prosecution of most of them almost impossible. Bristol County DA Paul Walgreens Jr. announced yesterday Wednesday the one priest have been indicted and took the extraordinary stuff like I said before releasing the names of 20 others they've investigated but haven't charged. It was never our intention with hold information to ask since spokesman John Curren said Thursday since day one the bishop has been committed to the attitude that we cooperate with law enforcement of any kind of investigation the bishop would not comment further Curren said the good father. How do you like that? I'll tell you Palm Beach County did just can't seem to rig a lot of it. Like they got a dark cloud over their head. Speak of dark clouds over their head. Norma can't. Is on that's right. Don't let me forget what's the day for? Twenty-seven. Right. Monday. Monday's the 30th. Oh it's October. Tuesday October one. Wednesday is in jail and we've got a big day coming up on Tuesday. Let me say it again. Finally we're going to get some promotion on the show. We're going to have a leave. It's gone over due. Not some shallow old man would bet what he heard was being that our painted white and green will come up with a joke. We're talking about a guy that's been like a food bill. So, he's going to have a show with another station with another lesson to do. Norma can't. Eight moves to eight to nine a.m. starting next Tuesday October one. On WFT on the light bulb junior. Whatever an hell they call at that. Are you ready for that? I'm ready. I'm all gear. I'll be promoting this show every day. Turn over to Neil right now. Five sixty WCU a.m. It's the only guy that's the only promotion we get. Do we have billboards? TV ads? Oh. God with sandwich boards running around. Oh. Banner planes? Nothing. Zippity doodot. That's what you get from Greg Reed. Zippity doodot. How's that blueboard doodot? And he's the forever-down in the show. Creamous? No thank you. That's what we get. Zippity doodot from Greg Reed. Nothing. They put a lot of stuff in your contract. They sit down to have a meeting with it. They lie right to your face. Would have been smiling at the post. And then they give you a squat. And then to compound the tie-ad insult to injury. We get a morning guy here with no sense of humor. Well, real sour sour a piece of turd. And he won't mention that the show's coming up. He don't have to. He can rip all he wants. He can rip me an ass. Talk about the organ grinder. Anything he wants. But here's a guy that on print. And I'm the way that he isn't promote the mad dog. He has promote Hank. He hasn't provided me. Nothing else. Talk about an island. See, we thought we were an island on this station because of the fact that the only non-sports show on a radio station. Plus the one markers supposed to be doing sports, but they're doing titty bars and strippers. But anyway. But we're like connected compared to that show. He's made himself like into a mad gasker. Do you know what I mean? I know right where it is to. Yeah, so to why. An island or like Elba. That's an even better one. In fact, wouldn't surprise me if he's a myocated off the Elba. He'll be standing there with his hand and his best pocket like Napoleon. Maybe eating Napoleon is more likely with the Nova and the bagels. Today on the Norma Cat, I can't stand Nova and I can't eat bagel out because they give me headaches that yeast. Oh, they yeast. Last thing I need is yeast. Today on the Norma Catio, his guest was Johnny Darks's recent living. Can you believe that? Oh. Oh, Norma, one hour a day. Like whatever I just said, I think I'm taking it back. He's done. Well, that's not the one I wanted. I wanted Johnny Darks. Maybe he fed Johnny. You think I doubt it? I don't think he brought food in. Maybe, oh yeah, Johnny brought food in. Boy, you were a comedian. Johnny Darks did not bring Norma Kent no food. Also, which is Ed Reverend James Kennedy to pull. Well, we'll lower. You know, I think another incident. No, no chance. I mean, we understand what you're saying. He makes me nauseous too, but it just not in the same genre. How is that pull coming by the way? We still don't remember. No votes. If you could program your team, you really are on the doggy efforts today. I want to copy this morning. You're just whipped up into a friend's jacket and finished the quaint. You must be talking to a rumor. Maybe you're planning on it lunch. And you know what I did next week. Didn't do this morning? Oh. Yeah, you sound like you're full of it. Anyway, if you were to tell us the question, if you could program your TV set to block out one person, otherwise, or you'd never see them again on TV, who would it be? We have 286 votes. So this is our second poll of the day. Earlier, we asked about those mobits. And they overwhelmingly seem to put a big smile on most people's posts, except for a few sour pie. There's always got to be a, remember that pizza joint sour pie? No, we'll get to see Richard Quest and Shepherd Smith have no votes. None of them. Which I find scandalous. Even Billy Mays, the orange glow in commercial guys, only got three. And little Brian or cross has three as this Barbara Walbers. I think the Brian or cross, the lack of venom, venom, sent in his direction. I think especially in light of what's gone under the last week or so. Because I had so many fire reports. Even people I don't know are called me up here. And that Brian or cross is a lunatic. Maybe people are doing a good job of avoiding him like I know I am. Oh. Jim Rome, old Romey's got four. Romey. Kind of leases got five and Colvers got eight. Which ought to please the lincendils. Larry King, we have a nine. Bill or Rally 10, Martha Stewart 13, Dr. Phil 15, Oprah 22, Al Sharpen 23, Steve that I'll computer dude the guy with a awful spots 23, Carotop 33, Jesse Jackson 43, and in first place by a long shot, it's all double with 71 votes. I think you would have more than once. If I could have. Nicholas Christoff writes in the New York Times today, fighting street to street. Vazra Iraq is the date line on this story. That's where he is. To understand why an invasion of Iraq may not be the cakewalk that the White House expects paid $20. Rome trip in Borden, Iraqi airways flight that saw his from Baghdad street to the American forced no flights on to Bazaar on the 7th of Iraq. American war plans are authorized to shoot down any aircraft that venture into it, but the Iraqis around me were cool-a-zice. They knew that US fighters would never attack a civilian aircraft. And that the US military could only bluster. Sometimes the American Iraq planes warn us on the radio explained in Iraqi pilot who was amused in my anxiety, they say you're entering an off-rise zone, a must-turn around, we reply, this is Iraqi airspace, and we're going to fly through it. That American restrained is Iraq's ace going into the war. Iraq knows that the US cannot bomb schools, mosque, and residential neighborhoods, and so it has plenty of places to hide its army. In the last Gulf where we were able to destroy an enemy that was out in the open desert, but this time Iraq seems in ten on a different approach. From Bazaar, I drove to the Kuwait border on the highway of death to see how Iraq will guard what may be a principal invasion mood for American troops. The only military presence was a few guards on the edge of Bazaar, reminding to what you'd expect of the entrance to an urban US high school. So does this mean that Iraq is poorly prepared for an invasion? I don't think so. Instead of protecting its borders, the Makhul-Hide, its army within its cities, where air strikes are effective only at an unacceptable for America, cost and civilian deaths. Sautam is a hiding place from South at Fettad and Osama bin Laden's caves at Torabora, the teaming city of Baghdad with five million inhabitants, where he already never spends two consecutive nights in the same place. The Americans are good at bombing when Iraqi official news, but someday they'll have to come to the ground and then we'll be waiting. Every Iraqi has a gun and is housed off in a Kalashnikov and every Iraqi is experienced in fighting, so let's see how the Americans do when they're fighting in our streets. That could be a nightmare as the last Gulf War show at a bombing campaign Khenakha bridges in Beres, but unless we're incredibly lucky, we won't kill Sautam, trigger a cool war wipe out as Republican-Guard forces will have to hide outside of the ground, which may be just as hard as finding Osama and Afghanistan much bloodier. Our last experience with streets history fighting was confronting untrained thugs in Mogadishu, in Somalia. This time we're taking on an army with possible violent chemical weapons, 400,000 regular army troops in supposedly, 7 million more in Al-Kaid al-Qud's militia. Karahasani, 22-year-old member of the militia in the city of Najaf City, just completed a training session in street fighting, including fighting house-to-house and even from trees. I'll fight until my last drop of blood he headed, and the kind of boasts it hurts from everywhere in Iraq. If someone tries to threaten us, we know how to respond set a farmer named Hakim El-Khal in the Bazarov Karbala, and then he reached under the shirt and brand his to handgun. Most Iraqis seem to have no luck for Sautam and the great majority would probably spend the war hiding out of their beds, but even if a tiny proportion of the bragrids are serious then look out. Moreover, sometimes armed with mortars and large caliber machine guns, so even if they could not stop tanks rolling through the bag there, they could seriously hurt an American army of occupation. Perhaps the American invasion will be a breeze after all, the Iraqi armies less than half the strength it was when it crumpled in a 100-hour ground-board decade ago, and U.S. forces are much stronger now, but if we're going to invade, we need to prepare for a worst-case scenario involving streets-to-street fighting, with farmers like Mr. Callticking Potshots at our troops. Is America really prepared for hundreds of casualties even thousands in an invasion and subsequent occupation that could last many years? Ask Nick Christoff in today's New York of Time. Call that as past 0 at 5.60 QAM. How many youngers, too young? Up, writing around with your windows down, by a less up on the show right now, we've got a vacancy in the hotel. We're going to talk about men, tell your penis swells. How fast they run and how good they look. And pass along tips for your pokey to book. Hello, sportsmen. Let's talk about Ricky Weller, Robert Noberman, and Elvis Gurbot, and my wife that's honored and hired, so I start sending like, fun, adults, talking about menly men, and loving it. And some side issues like where are all the riders from? We remember those housing on day with a rider truck. The smell of Mustang Rovers blanket that blended so well with eating a sandwich. A bruising along with the afternoon. Talking about ignorant sportholds. I've got to think old-angled their balls like a bell. And about how good their jackstraps smells. I must talk about women except to say, he's got a nice patch of real estate. Hey man, are that in the old? Richard King, Sticky Boog, what you believe? I don't think don't daddy from Elvis? I have all the line. My old friend, like, raw. It's cold. It's cold. It's cold. I'm sorry about that. I'm at the crisp again. People, not sponsored. I'm at the old, great color on full trick. They're not fooling anybody, Paula. I don't even have a kind of aggravation. And like, plenty of money. Don't even need the goods. So blow it up your ass to my friend. Because I can sit here in the lex and wear my time. Take some real man to do a radio show and wear a time. Well, 18 and five, 60, speaking of where to time, about a bow tie. And who we left off the list? No, who? Tucker Carlson. Who? That shmuck on the crossfire. Oh, that right wing asshole with a bow tie. Isn't that his name Tucker Carlson? I guess. Boy, you are Robert Novak. And Bobby Novak. Which is in both of them, but I think we got enough honor. Plenty. Far, far be it for me to start dicken with that list and get an air, especially right in the middle of the lunch hour. I'm sorry, Eric. I apologize. Speaking of lunch boy, the way I'm really Jones and you know what? Remember I told you about that restaurant where I yesterday, then I, the two of the four of them, they're just too damn big. I think I'm going back. Well, I just had some wonderful chicken chili for balance for life and it was great. Chicken chili. Yeah, it was great. See some of the names of this stuff. There's no we sound all that great. I think if we can help to write with one thing, I'll know, you know, when you pick from the list, you have to have an idea of what it is. Right. You know what I'm saying? But I think that he could like dial up the names of some of the things because, like for example, the turkey brought worst. You know what I mean? Made out of turkey. Turkey. Have you had the turkey brought worst? No. It happens to be excellent. Very good. But it sounds like, is he just like you gave me the, like a turkey burger. It's pretty good. It's very, very good. Anyway, here's the, the facts from Moses, my good close personal buddy. Just wanted to let you know. I just bought a new vet in white. Love the heads up display. Just thought I wanted. Let you know your friend Moses, PS, nothing wrong with teenage girls having sex says Moses. And especially with him is what he's talking about. That's right. Now I'm sure. I'm sure it's right. And he's obviously getting plenty. He's getting a lot. Go last couple of. The last couple of times have been back there, boy. Every each time I come in, he's got like the low on his face. Look a little bit better and a little happier. So you know, he's getting laid like at least five, six times a day. Right. No question about that. Of course, he's got the right connections to get laid all the way around. You know, the court that Corvette drugs. Daddy. I mean, he's, he's just got it made all the way around. You know, poor little Moses. He's a golden boy. He is. Now, what was he saying about the heads or heads up? Or speak of that Rhode Island Capitol could elect gay mayor, Providence Rhode Island. Mayoral candidate David Sasselini is a one man political rainbow. Untie in Jewish liberal wealthy and gay. Oh, he's also saying the stage for Providence to become the largest U.S. city to elect an openly gay mayor. Oh, don't let Dr. Kennedy hear that. Recent polls show them what they commanding leader over three other contenders in the rest of the city. Vinnie Bunt's a buddy. What is it? Vince Vincent, buddy. C.N.C. Jr. and old school palo, Phil office for parts of Ford Decades before he was sentenced to five years in prison for corruption. C.N.C. was a Roman Catholic and a heavily Catholic city. He used to square beautiful women around town. It's a fluke of history. He says Brown University political science professor in Diro West. David came along at a time when people were looking for something different. David is different from buddy C.N.C. and just about every way. The 41 year old son of the state's best known organized crime law is Sicilini. Is the way you pronounce it in a titan? Can I never know how the Americans pronounce it in a titan name. It's always some Guido pronunciation. Sicilini is not to be known as the gay candidate. That led some of the gay community to be voltering the recent primary and back to see the opponent the former mayor Joseph Powellino Jr. But it's sure a lot of Guido's in that time. I know that. Apparently. Man and Providence. There were a couple of people I think haven't stressed my sexual orientation strongly enough during the campaigns had cheetahly knee four term state legislator. I just don't think it's relevant. I'm running for mayor Providence represent all the people of the city. Not just the Fagots. He said something like that. Somebody writes, this is America question mark. I'm the story that they fact made. Did you see this? Yes. From the grad rapids press? Yes. Today? No, I was eating. I read the whole thing. I thought she was doing her civic duty last week when she told a judge her recent hard feelings toward police officers. My tangerobility is service and impartial juror. She was stunned. When judge David Bearder and a relation to the driver's Troy Bearder and Terry Bearder, David Bearder chief judge of Grand Rapids District Court declined to excuse her from jury duty. Instead he ordered her to perform 24 hours of community service. Blomky 33 reported last Friday the court's alternative sensing office where she was assigned to pick up litter along with convicts. She was also slated to work eight hours at an anthropic consecutive Monday's in October and must submit to a breathalizer test. I feel like I got punished for being honest about my opinion said Blomky, who manages bridge street super wash laundromat on Grand Rapids West Side. I'm going to miss three days of work on being treated like your criminal because I told the truth. The uterine system didn't punish Blomky but offered her a choice between community service or changing her mind about police. The judge said he offered the same option to forge jurors in similar situations during his eight years on the bench, including a woman last week who complained in writing to him that religious principles prevented her from sitting in judgment. What I told Blomky was we'd be selecting jurors for criminal cases all day long and all of them likely would include the testimony of police officers but he said if she continued with that kind of response he wouldn't be on any cases. If we're going to be effective as spreading more among the jurors and we have one who says she can't or won't, I give them the option to community service. Blomky said she was given no choice by the judge and option is an alternative which being choices she said I told him the truth, how was taking back the truth and option. If you had said you can do 24 hours of community service or 10 push-ups, I'd be doing the push-ups. Grand Rapids resident selected for duty in District Court Surfer for two months during which time that may be called for selection of jurors depending on the luck of the blind draw some get assigned to up to five trials others might never have their names called. On September 13, Blomky's name was Dr. Almansex others to take a seat in the jury box as potential jurors in a malicious destruction property case, the prosecutor and defencler took turns asking questions and an effort to get an impartial panel. The next issue could give police officers a fair hearing Blomky said she probably could not. She told the judge she was upset that police the previous weekend refused to take a report for a co-worker who was hit by a woman with a broom handle when the woman was told she couldn't park in the laundromat parking lot. Blomky was excused from that jury at the prosecutor's request but the luck of the draw put her back in the jury box a few minutes later when the court picked a jury for a drunk and driving case. The judge asked me if I still had the same opinion about police I said yes I do and he said I could fulfill my civic duty by performing 24 hours a community service Blomky said my jaw fell I saw the others get excused I expected to be told thank you Ms Blomky or excused. Beauty said he couldn't be called Blomky being petulant or disingenuous I don't know what her true motivation was beauty said what did become clear is that every time she was called she was going to talk about whatever experience this wasn't she was going to be excused we were going to have the other jurors watch this I have concerns about that. Michigan court allows court rules allow a judge to still a potential juror in contempt for answering false land questionnaires in this case area judges say they respect beauty but sided with Blomky. You can't punish somebody for an answer unless you can prove it say deliberate attempt to get out of jury duty rock for district judge Stephen Surves said he needs statements from others who said they heard him saying he was going to receive the court otherwise he just had to excuse them and get them out of there as quickly as you can. Another judge said he fears beauty sanctions sent to wrong message to other jurors the whole purpose of questioning jurors is we're trying to find somebody is going to be fair and partial can would district judge William Kelly said I fear the message to the rest of the jurors is I better lie or face punishment then you have people were truthful about the prejudices going back to the jury room and then they raised cane over their hidden issues. Holland district judge Susan Jonas says he never imposed a sentence on a jury although she drew all of his she did find a juror once hundred fifty bucks for twice fading to appear for trial. How do you like that huh? Zyna America baby either change your attitude or go out there in the pickup a lot to trash be have a bunch of scumbags. Oh God. 1226 at five sixty wq a m with your busy lifestyle need a little bit of help with your health. Here's one product that can help you do that and that's only a man easy to take you just pop it in your push every day and they've got a different product reach different part of your health. Only a man contains pharmaceutical grade olive oil along with some vitamins and minerals and rebels and they've engineered one to help your heart there's one to help lower your blood pressure one for your cholesterol one for your prostate your circulatory system your digestive system your endocrine system your skin and your bones and there's even an oil you might supplement for your mind all using the benefits of the finest and pure style of oil you'll find anywhere is and don't forget. Oliomed makes products for men and you ladies out there that's special ones for you too. Speaks him up today at Whole Food markets Walgreens Sedanos and our pharmacies in fact when you go to the new piece a lot that Monday stop in at Walgreens and tell Marcy wants some old you may they got it for more information about this great new product color tool for you number one eight six six olyomed that's one eight six six olyomed which you can also order online at olio met America dot com rye and we're sports radio five 60 series you a m rye one family has captured the imagination of all of America it's alkyna in the family委 oh That newspaper son's heart is taking over the family business. Funny business that is. Oh, shut up, peanut, you ain't back. And where does that no good meat, Tobin, son of mine? You called, but, Al-Kid, hey, the family. If why something you've seen before. Oh, boy, some of them aren't going to do it. Whether you're going to do it, eat the great Satan the death of me. Jesus. Oh, no, pop. Just build up my strength for the two hard people. I do. Stop building up and stand flowing at day. When the son of a jack will get the son of his own, he'll wear it and sue. On Al-Kid, I am the family. Only on Al-Jazara TV land. Up for anyone at 5.60, you have to speak in a freedom is which have an only religion very rapidly, including in Grand Rapids. Late. Gore accuses Bush if you're voting freedom. Democrat Al Gore, criticizing President Bush is the test of waters for another possible presidential bid. Accusing administration yesterday have an attack on civil liberties and ignoring signs that Osama Yamama had been a lot of been planning a terrorist attack on US soil. It was the former vice president's second skating attack on Bush in a week. Speaking at a democratic fundraising breakfast in Wilmington, Delaware, which is a really a joke because in Delaware they have no freedoms at all. Gore took issue with the administration's handling of intelligence and formation prior to the 9-11 attacks and towards treatment of some terrorism suspect since then. The warnings were there before the attacks, was said. He asserted that Bush's justice department had devoted more time and agents to investigating a suspected brothel in New Orleans and a monitoring bin Laden in the Zelkai to network. Where is the sense of priorities as score? Where was the tenth of priorities? On Monday at San Francisco, a accused Bush is squaduring the international goodwill that the United States had accumulated in the aftermath of the terror attacks by his increasing we harlot on Iraq. Gore, who was nearly defeated by Bush in 2000, alleged, challenged both the wisdom of targeting Saddam Hussein at this time and the president's suggestions of unilateral US actions to be failed when you end backing. The strong words of these San Francisco speech are rare direct challenge to the pop of the president's conduct for the war in terrorism caught some Democrats by surprise, but analysts suggested it's also involved in others to speak up and may have helped pave the way for the harsh criticism of Bush on Wednesday by Senator Majority Leader Tom Dashel. The vice president's activity was widely seen as an attempt to position himself or another under the presidency, in 2004 and said himself a part from Bush as well as other would be democratic contenders ahead of the presidential primary election season. Now Gore is stepping up to his political activity number of ways by speaking up and traveling across this country to help raise resources for Democrats in the 2000 to election said Jan. Cabrera, a Gore spokesman, Gore plans to give another strong reward to policies be in the coming days, though the exact topic in timing have any up in announced. Gore's comments yesterday came into fundraising breakfast through a deal of our attorney general candidate Carl Schnie. Gore said highly questionable decisions are being made in the criminal justice system under attorney general John Ascroff, aka Hermann Gehring. What's going on nationally with the attack on civil liberties with American citizens in some cases just disappearing without right to counsel with an access to willor? I think that's discreetly said. I think we need to stand up for our principles and this country instead of for what this nation represents, even as we face the terrible dangers that we have to confront in the world today he had it. We're also decried any efforts to portray Democratic critics of the administration's Homeland Security Plan and possible where the rack is unpatriotic or unconcerted by national security. Senator Jewelie Grman, Gore's vice presidential running may two years ago, has taken issue with some of Gore's earlier comments that targeting Saddam could damage the war and terrorism, but he said yesterday on CNN he considered Gore's criticism of Bush's national security policies. Definitely responsible. He said of Gore meaning Jewelie Grman, he's got great credibility on national security matters. He was vice president for eight years, making those kinds of decisions I think his voice is important to be heard as what he said. In many said, he's exploring, oh God, Lee Grman's exploring a potential presidential bit himself, although we said that he won't run if Gore does, Gore says he'll make up his mind by December. Hey, ow, it's not anything personal, but don't do it. Please, please don't do it. Please, pretty please. And hey, you two, Jewelie Grman, get out of here. I think I'd make a fine president. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh, man. Maybe Wimpy and Wimpy is just pathetic. See this, this is the great failure of the two party system in this country. Total failure, absolute failure, beyond a shadow of a doubt. That these are the kind of hacks that they come up with these pathetic, lame ass idiotic tragic. In fact, you know something, I think they're both the Al Gore and Jewelie Grman, they're from the Josephic Eccie personality school. I really believe that. Robert Blake, this is from the globe. I know we'd finally get around to this. Make you happy. Robert Blake tried to strangle wife during kinky romp. Little harder, Rob. Jail lactic, Robert Blake, nearly snierly, strangle the wife he's now accused of murdering during an out-of-control sex romp charges a shocking new book. Oh, you want to go on, get this book. All right. Vanilly, thankfully, later told Pows the terrifying moment of current while they were having rough sex, which the former British star craved according to the blockbuster new book, Blood Cold, Onix Books, Blood Cold. He grabbed her by the hair. It's a paperback too. He can afford it. He grabbed her by the hair and ripped her and out by the roots, Bonnie's French U.D. Hal says in the book, Robert's strangle her so hard while they were making love that she nearly passed out. He went too far in his kinkyness. Maybe he learned that from what's in them, Gary Condowett. I think they're members of the same club. While the incident scared her, you're starting to talk a little bit like a bunch of scum. They're clubbubbubbubb. You're starting to sound like how we David did. While the incident scared her, Hal says Blakely, continuing to sing Blake because she was attracted to the five foot foreactor. The strangle that I was strangling, episode is only one of the explosive revelations made by authors, Dennis McDougal and Mary Murphy. You got that? Okay. Dennis McDougal and Mary Murphy, the name is Blood Cold, who ripped the lid off of the star violent relationship between Blake and Blakely. The 69 year old actor is now in LA County, jail, of course, awaiting November 12. On charges, he shot his wife to death while she sat in that park car in LA on that street May 4, 2001. Blakely 44 ran a sex scam in singles magazines, Connie Lomely, old men out of their money, and had been married 10 times. She told pals that she and Blake first had sex the night they met in the rear of his SUV. They had sex in the rear. There you go, right up your alley. We love dirty sex. The authors claimed that the first Blake wanted pregnant Blakely to sell their baby. Back to him. Telling her a he knew where they could get a hundred thousand dollars for the pot. But after Little Rose was born January 2, 2000, the actor decided to want to give the baby to his child as grown daughter Delana, a psycho-therapist. No clue no relationship to the line of the shields. The books as he feared Rose would grow up exposed to the sex business if she were raised by her mother. So Blake carried two men to pose his cops the office right, when Blakely flew in the Los Angeles with Rose from Arkansas, where they were living the men arrested her, arrested in quotes, providing probation on fraud charges. They put Blakely back on a plane for Arkansas and Blakely rose to his own grown daughters as the book. And finally later returned to well-a-infile kidnapping charges against Blake, the actor only married her on November 19, 2000 after she threatened the sue him for 70,000 dollars a month in child support. But when she learned that Blakely was playing to take Rose away from Delana, who was still raising the child when he learned that he went for circumcilled his wife charges the book. Bonnie and I planned to kidnap him says, how I think that's what God has shot. How do you like that? They were going to kidnap the kid to get her back. Yeah. And by a bang, the fries bitch ain't going to happen. That wasn't a surprise. Twenty-one until one at five, sixty-two, away and boy, this thing is flown long. It's almost lunch time. Oh, God. I'm just polishing over here. Too much food talk today. Not that much really. Not really. Just just enough though. To pull me over the edge. I want to get that bad thumb full of that cheese broccoli soup again. Of course you don't like broccoli. No. You don't like cheese broccoli soup? No thank you. It doesn't have like big good chunks of broccoli. It's a broccoli with anywhere near it. In the kitchen in the fridge while the house is new. You went at the Bush one, but her bird walker. Right. There's also an image. Yeah, I see. There you go. Is there still anybody in the universe? Anybody with a brain who's not plunging or guts out of VIP sportsbook.com. If there is, I better tell you right now you're missing out on a really sensational sportsbook. A lot of people are pumping out their sportsbook these days, but you better do some research before you put down your harder under stolen cash at some unstable third world sportsbook. Like say in Sweetwater. Let me help you out. VIP sportsbook.com is the only book to be unanimously endorsed by the industry watchdog. There are Dutch faced and wonderful Holland man, I'll still believe in one of the first online sportsbooks. Seriously, if you want to go on a rule of a lifetime, you certainly want to be with the best sportsbook going and that is beyond chat over that VIP sportsbook.com. Football season is going big time. Patriots are going to kick Sandy. He was as against Sunday. He need to be with VIP sportsbook.com. So open an account online and get you a 15% cash sign of bonus. Then I mentioned they got the highest parlay odds in the world up to 2001. Well, they certainly do. So get your answer to VIP sportsbook.com and play with the book with some serious class. Call them toll free at 1-866 VIP bets. That's 1-866 VIP bets. And don't forget if you sign up online, that's way to give that 15% cash bonus at VIP sportsbook.com where you definitely do be the VIP. On a separate ring, you're invited to wear a white hand in passing. Ever million dollar weekend. And the suck. Double give you the M. 50 cents. When you're into a romantic mood with your guy and you want to tap that alternate input, are you put off? Do you find the thought of that kind of thing just too uncomfortable to even consider? Well, now there's a solution to that dilemma. Famous Anus expansion cream. Just put a dab of famous Anus around your pucker. And in just a few minutes, your third input will stand a full four inches making Anil a breed. So don't disappoint him. Get it to the famous Anus. You'll bet your ass, you'll love it. Yes, say that from the end because I knew for the end. It'll be right up your alley. The company for 560 WQAM. Oh, this story is a little bit unapathizing in the middle of lunch hour. But it's pretty interesting. Doctors grow living pig teeth in rats. They can do anything now. Boston, the tooth fairy may soon have a new line of business. U.S. doctor said yesterday, if managed to grow living pig teeth in rats, a feed of biotechnology that experts sent could spark a dental revolution. Researchers had Boston's foresight institutes in the successful experiments of just the existence of dental stem cells, and one day, allow a prisoner to replace a lost tooth with an identical one grown from his or her own cells. The ability to identify, isolate and propagate dental stem cells to use in biological replacement tooth therapy has the potential to revolutionize dentistry said Dominic D. Powell, a present in CEO of the Institute that focuses on oral and facial science. The experiment involved the taking cells from immature teeth of six month old pigs, treating them with enzymes and placing the cell clusters in biodegradable scaffolds, tiny bits of polymer designed to act like a mold for the forming tissue. The researchers implanted the scaffolds into the abrimons of rats and within 30 weeks, small recognizable tooth crowns, containing an amyl and denton, a bone-like material found under the amyl head formed. The researchers said they hoped that within five years they'll have developed techniques to grow teeth of a specific size and shape, and that within ten years it'll be repossible to regenerate human teeth. How do you like that? Excellent. I'm going to get you in the comments. Lewis Terashio, associate dean of research for New York University's College of Dentistry, said the research signals that today's of synthetic dental implants dentures, bridges and crowns are numbered. Right now they do wonderful things with implants Terashio said after reading the foresight research, implants were pretty well but it's not a natural tooth. He predicted there was no danger dentistry put out a business of people I would be able to grow their own substance to teeth, noting American dentistry typically been the forefront of technology. The professional adapt and help people grow teeth, he said it'll probably be a bone. To oral surgeons will be doing this sort of surgery, a bone, Rams with June. Oh this is a gray eye love this. This is excellent. I mean even though it's just a short piece, does it think about doctors? Right and we'll knew that by the way. Yeah we know it but of course the doctors because they wear those white coats. They had to have other men and white coats come and take most of the doctors away because most of our ex-mortar is gray robbers. London. Doctors should keep quiet and let patients explain their problems instead of interrupting them. Swiss scientists said today. Most patients can explain what's wrong with them unless in two minutes and may even be swept according to Dr. Wolf Languards the University Hospital and Basel. But research from the US has shown that doctors usually start talking after about 22 seconds. Doctors do not risk being swamped by their patients complaints. If they listen until a patient indicates that his or her list of complaints is complete Languards tend to report an e-british medical journal. When he has colleagues used to hit and stop watch the time patients until they were finished talking, the average time was 92 seconds although elderly patients tended to take longer. You know what I'm talking about? I just have so many problems doctor. I don't know but plus they got all day anyway. Even in a busy practice driven by time constraints and financial pressure, two minutes of listening should be possible and will be sufficient for nearly 80% of patients Languards added. So there he is. Okay. Doctor and quit interrupting. Let me at least tell you what my symptoms are. Yeah right. They don't want to hear it because they're busy running back and forth to room number one and room number two and room number three and they got at least half of those people lined up in their little waiting rooms there. They don't want to be. And they're marking on the outside of the chart. Who the hell are you people kidding? Espres are a doctor. Most of you. Okay. You know what that means? I mean, you're a doctor like quite a little dog is a doctor. Grave robbers. I see I get what them about that doctor thing and again because people are so. So tremendously brainwashed and of course people like especially the old Farts on Medicare. They don't give a crap. They're not paying for it. They're not going to have to write a check. And it's something to do. It's a project. It's an outing. Do you know any people old Farts in South Florida don't like at least once a week making outing to the desert. Right. Just some kind of a doctor. They do a doctor. I went to the dentist. I went to the throat doctor. I went to the ophthalmologist. I went to the. Yeah. They get their hair done. Well, and it's funny because I know his kid is crazy. There that's similar to for ayah sometimes they try to do a comaination with him now but Meat, really. Meat, good advice he found about a drug shop, you're asking him this. That's ain't you. How are you like a doctor who asked you to rep track the near him her business priorities. If Vibration still happens, to find out more by calling them toll free at 1-800-829 Bear, or visiting their first digest website at www.romotitibert.com. If you're looking for a fun and different gift for somebody's birthday new baby or one or wish somebody, well, sending a bear grand gift is perfect. Just call 1-800-829 Bear and a bear council will help you choose from over 100 hand-crafted bears, personal life, just for your loved one, and deliver to my colorful gift box with a card and candy. It's a great opportunity to flourish a little bit enjoyed forever because Vermont teddy bears are guaranteed for life. You can choose from bears like the new baby bear with the baby's name in birthday and on the bib or wish somebody well with a good wishes fairy bear. That's for real, I didn't make that up. The good wishes fairy bear. Maybe I'll send one to Moses. They've got bears for hobbies, not patience like the gardening bear and the cooking bear or the businessman and woman bears. That's right, you want it, they got it. Over night and Saturday, it will be guaranteed. So call this toll free number or you can shop online too. Here's the toll free number first. Don't get ahead of yourself, Patso. Call 1-800-829 Bear or like I said, shop online at Vermontt teddy bear.com. Enjoy your care, send a bear, the creative alternative to flowers. Call 1-800-829-B-E-A-R, be sure to tell that old meal, tour to the car. And look, this is sports for you, 5-6. Why the you bastard? Have you ever had to explain to your parents your offense? I have downloaded things I messed up, made it against things all the time I had my eyes on the boots and behind. Sicken the mind, but I used to do that all of the time. Every morning, noon and night, I hit a point of sight. Upon a five-terverted six-legged go in my own right, there were places I found with lots of horny bed chicks. So my desktop got those cheap tags, or 20 gigs until one day my mother discovered this real people on a lovely, kitty, brightened up behind told me my mind's in the gutter and she pulled my dad up out the stuff on my tail. On computer made me a loser and could let me inhale. I'm sorry, mama. I never thought that you could do all the naked girls and guys of tonight. I'm cleaning up my hard drive. One more time, the sorry mama. I never thought that you could do all the naked girls and guys of tonight. I'm cleaning up my hard drive. I'm cleaning up somewhere now, it's called Spam. I'm going to tell you just during this last break, I went under to check something. And I've got like 745 pop-up ads on there. Yeah. And I just, I just got rid of the last ones. And the pain in the ass, man, should be illegal, don't you think? It should be? Well, why ain't it? Because, because we want it. Okay, now what's this pissed off in plantation? As much as I love your show, I'm very disappointed. You're coming to an Al Gore. Well, the stupid Frat Boy, I'm just so much as just in the World War 3. Al Gore is one of those few people have the guts to speak out against these warm-awngers. You want to make part of the way you talk. Hey, hey, to break the news, dear. That's why he lost, okay. He's got a personality like a dead man. In addition, which his whole campaign was, every day was try to change who he was. Change the Al Gore. The one day was the tough Al Gore. The next day was the Schmoozy family Al Gore, his wife on the list for about 30 minutes. Uh, who you can? Why don't you ever make fun of Bush's Phony Texas cowboy, and didn't you know he called Saturday home, O'Sidel instead of a homicide? Yeah, I did know that and I talked about it. Yeah, let's keep making fun of how boring Al Gore is while we watch our asses of open spoke. While your all companies get richer, you're setting like an colder Tucker Carlson and Robert Novak all world together. See, there's some asshole because I say one thing that they don't like. Well, blow it out your ass, okay. Blow it out your little eyed ass. I don't think there's anybody on there anywhere. We're in the Bush mice anymore than I have. And this didn't just start a week ago Tuesday. But there's with some people it's never going to be enough. And then in the credit, you know, you can make all the excuses you want for Gore. He's a loser. If they're Democrat, I guarantee you can take it to the bank right now. Barring some unforeseen circumstances. If things were as they are right at this moment. If Al Gore would have democratic nominee in 2004, you've got a Chinaman chance in Hell, baby. As in Lester Nun. Nun and much less than Nun. Is there any doubt about that? No, Janet's got a better chance. That's right. And she's got no chance. And she still got a better chance. As we discovered two years ago, like I said, he couldn't win a fixed election. It was fixed and he couldn't win it. I mean, he just he and I saw that performance of his day of the day. I'll tell you one thing. I'd rather have Ted Kennedy any day to wait. Oh, man. After that speech I was listening during the... Any day to the week. I mean, he's a scumbag and he's got chapacquette and he's got the drinking. I'm going to tell you something. We got to forget about all that personal bull crap. He's dynamic. He's articulate. He makes sense. He's the a conscience. He's the voice of the Democratic Party. Not wouldn't hold Al Gore right on. I mean, he's he's he talks like a simple thing. Okay. And it'll give me a song to dance about what a genius he is either. I mean, sure he's a light years ahead of Bush, which is why I voted for Al Gore. And I would again, right now. Not because I like Al Gore because he's the anti-Bush. He's the alternative to fascism. That's what he is. He's the buffer. And all you're winding and wailing about Bush. I consider we're talking every day about his accent. Make fun of him and play a president and dumb smitter. Whatever. But the fact of the matter is he's still in there. And he going away for a lay another two years. At least. Yeah. I know the prospect is chilling. Lot box. But this song and then some, I was sounding like Tucker Carlson. My ass, okay. Pist off and plantation. That's for you. Schmidt head. Anyway, don't forget to join the George Carlos and who else Miguel. And Miguel. Oh, well, oh, it's the Bill Siddles thing. Oh, he won't be a Bill Siddles. He's not always this time. Very good for his. George and Carlos tomorrow. 11 of what Bill Siddles will have our savings in Miami. Just wasted 27th Avenue on Northwest 36th. Where some of the people there might even have some idea who George is. But I doubt it. Stop eye for some a crappy crew on prizes and get that great free food. Those sensational sandwiches. Those fat field sandwiches from Atlantic City. They're a lot of city subs where the bread and I remake the difference. And then if that isn't enough phenomenal assignment for your weekend in South Florida. Come by the castaway seafood company located on the corner University in Griffin Road. This Monday September 30th. What Monday is a big day? A humongous day. We got the opening of the brand new pizza loft in plant in prestigious plantation where somebody's pissed off to bed. And then a castaway seafood George will be there with Carlos and Miguel. And anybody else wants them for your child. I'm a corner university in Griffin from 6 to 8 PM. QM prize-vandle be there with some craft and great food and drink special stew. So we got all kinds of goodies coming up. How come we're forwarding that now? By the way, because Adam remember he couldn't get a spot on because we were sold out alive even though we're now. Yeah. Yes, you please could. Or does this next one send it to like plant to see me? Yeah, because there would have been some spots on there promoting it. But he couldn't get any on there. I see, because the screen has no idea what's going on. Well, that's unusual. Maybe she's hanging out with Todd Rectis these instead of Roy. Maybe she's gone from extra large to extra small. If you could program your TV to knock one person off of there, black and mouth, who would it be? So you never have to see him again. George W. 93, Jesse Jackson 51, Carrot Top 41, Al Sharpton 31, Steve the delcomputer dude 29, Oprah's got 28, Brian Norcross 21, Martha Stewart 19, Dr. Phil is already up to 60. How come you put Dr. Phil McGraw? And that's it then. I know that's his name, but do we like neat is I guess so, because it helped. And colder 15, Larry King 13, Bill O'Reilly 11. Single digits for Billy Mays, the orange glow in former Phil Guy five kind of leaves of five. Romey stood out four. Who'd hell with a curse about Romey? Farber Walters three, Shepard Smith's got a pair now. You got to see him. They're pokedots. Emily Gossie's got one and merchant quest. They don't know who that is. No. The guy with a gruesome grotesque teeth and a really bad breath on CNN. Bye bye bye! The weather's so unclimbed. I'm going to play for Mario. Slow cheese and heal the hair. We will return to regular programming momentarily on wqand.com until...