Never know who will call Tony Bruno on 940 Fox Sports Radio Howard David, voice of the Miami Dolls I'd say you want it and you don't need the game was for what I will I listen to you guys every day you guys are doing a hell of a job It's fun to listen to and all Brian I mean the whole thing you guys are doing there's great What did I hear that right? Back up for two I listen to you guys every day you guys are doing a hell of a job It's fun to listen to and all Brian I mean the whole thing you guys are doing there's great Wow even Mohour David listens to Tony Bruno on 940 Fox Sports Radio Exactly. I'm getting pound you should have supported your own station I don't understand well hold it hold it what is one thing I don't understand Well one thing has to do with another a lot of network show that happens to be carried on another station in the market place Also so hands you go on everybody's show opposite years at the same time You think hands you go on their station when you're on the air if thank Goldberg appears on another radio program that happens to be carried on the market place It's a network show and it happens to be on opposite me. I don't give a damn about that right. Why would I care about why does that matter? I'm going competition in numbers Howard you know the business you know how works I just don't think you want to support Neil Rogers Well now you bring you up something that's completely different. No. I think that's why I think that's the biggest problem You got you don't like Neil Rogers and you did you wanted to go opposite to him and you really didn't care who you offended Well, what what what what what what what what what what I tell you what since the man is standing in the controller right now Why doesn't Neil Rogers tell you Tell me since the day I walked in to this place He's done everything he can undamined this program since when I'm getting down to bat brass tax I'll look right in the eye and tell him right now to his face I think you brought something on yourself you blamed all right, but you even bother arguing Whether around appearing on a network show what the hell is that have to do with anything? And if the object is To get me pissed off didn't trust me when I tell you didn't think 53 a QM dammit Anyway, it's a 903 is what it is now almost whatever it is. I'm in slater That was pretty exciting. I just happen to be standing because they have the door open this morning, which is very exciting So I could go in there and bond with the Zack and Robert my good close personal friends Robert's clothing about the election I'm telling you Robert if we discover these anal love beads yesterday instead of Georgia stupid rosary beads Democrats would have kicked ass But anyway here this call happens to be unjust at the same moment. There's my psychic powers. I'm kicking again And I'm listening to cause about to turn around and walk out because Mo gets very upset when he sees me gets physically ill And I was about to turn around and walk on I hear this call going on about me and about the fact that Mo was I'm Concording with the enemy on Monday see this business about it being a network show I mean as what would the hell Zach got to do with the addition of which he wasn't a guest on the show He called in He called it on it show He was on the phone. It's unlike it was a guest in a studio and invited guest He called and it was on the or what Tony Bruno I'm Schlock sports And I think the caller had a good point of that is you don't conserve with the enemy, but you know That's the way it goes. I really didn't make that big of an issue out of it We got the promo on her which we got through hook or crook Which we find most amusing especially the part where she says even how our David listens to it Set her in so on see now you're getting your your mean bastard You really are it's all you not me Mo. It's all George you were right in the first place And then that line he's got in there about since the day he got here I was trying to undermine that show see how soon they forget now you can go on here and lie through your teeth all your sports Sick of fans out there. Mobile but the truth of the matter is I was the only one would give you any support The only one because of those quotes in very jackasses column remember the origins of that back in the spring back in the late winter when ever it How it was He was gonna show him what sports talk was really all about and sports talk is boring And so some of the other people on this station which I don't want to mention a name I took exception to that and I can see that I can see their point and so They got off on a wrong foot, but as far as I was concerned I kind of like enjoyed that because you know me I'm a Schmidt to Sturber and I'm not part of the sports doc fraternity anyway So I gave him all the opportunity in the world and then of course You're running around making comments about his bad hairpiece and about the checkered pants and I may have Enbellished him just a little little bit But and then of course right away he had and then we had to think with Greg and him in here that day I thought we kissed and made up remember that stood right there for that microphone I played one day of Boca Brian Moa Mo Howard bits laughed at that the fact of the matter is he just He's got no sense of humor when it comes to himself And so we're continues to escalate and escalate and of course the audience loves it look at the he's looking at response We had the police today look at the response and you want in a while like I said the other day about Joseph Gackie and I Joe's get so gets it he's like a real person I mean I've been saying on year for years that he's boring his most boring person on year I can take up and he is But that doesn't make him a bad guy that doesn't mean we hate each other He understands that he gets it understands it's a radio show and if somebody wants to say this show sucks I'm a moron we got a bunch of trained monkeys that doesn't bother me because it's a radio show. I got to change my life He lemon 131 votes on yesterday's pool our question was what should the punishment be for Mo Howard David sucking up to the enemy Fox sports Monday Who's hope Mo Howard David 391 14 and let me also say this? What what other publicity does he get from this radio station other people or any billboards any TV spot Any real newspaper add nothing any guy walking up and down the your causeway with a sandwich board nothing any Skywriting and Jim had over nothing absolutely nothing So I brought that show to the attention and don't give me the song that is but well Yeah, you're ripping that's not the point that's not the way works especially in this market That's not the way it works There've been more people tune into that show because of my talking about it than all the publicity in the world could have done no contest And if you just expect me to sit here and go out about way else He it's gonna be a wonderful show and you better tune in they're not gonna do that I can't tell people what to listen to there reminds me to Tim Wigim days on Zeta. Oh if you just talk better about our music Talk better maybe if you're played better music maybe people listen to it like I'm gonna talk it's like going into a restaurant Maybe I could be the greed or at a restaurant Like Larry Glick I could be the greed or at some restaurant where the food is really crappy and I could stand in the doorway Say oh it really is crappy, but you know I'm telling the I'm still here to tell you it's really good and they're gonna come pouring in there because I'm standing in doorway Tell me that it's it's dog crap, but it really is filet mignon it looks like dog crap And it smells like it and probably it's but it's really filet mignon. It's really shut to putting on It couldn't happen 1136 votes who's more Howard David at 394 Fire is old asked to 98 still his two pays one 72 He gets raped in it by the whole staff 109 Venish him from paradise 63 no penalty he gets a gold star at a purple jelly bean 55 4.8% He gets raped into my freaky Carlos only 45 that's not really because So what I thought about you want to know why he only gets 45 with freaky Carl Because nobody has any idea who the real estate yeah, nobody knows who that is when he except for the handful of Former power 96 morning show listeners when freaky Carlos was on there. What? Right, well, no, I mean we don't have that much crossover with power 96 that's not our audience So most of our people don't know from the old bushful Griffin show and Carlos or whatever What do he call himself on that show leader leader? Oh take me to your leader not But seriously, I the the scene that we just had in there I have no idea what they have that door open all the now I realize it's probably a better idea to have it closed And every time I would look in there he would see me just like like like he just saw the ghost of Christmas past or something It's a radio show Howard that's all it is it's a freaking radio show And you can have a hard on the rest of your life about the around you's and about George Rodriguez and about the beast and about anybody who Consorts with us It's just a radio show. Well, don't forget broke a Brian. Oh, well forget about him singing all those things Talking about getting raped at it because rape ain't funny But boy, we got a situation here man. It's just astonishing I people ask me say they come up to me I said have you really ever encountered anything like this before and I say no Never even dreamed there could be something like this and when that guy called that we just played that call You could see the the blood rolling around right underneath the hairpiece I mean it was just boy I thought it was gonna boil right over and maybe the bag also at the same time It was bubbling you know how like a radiator when no overheats starts bubbling well that's what was going on in there I'm not sure exactly where it was coming from It's a radio show mo all Howard I don't think I'm gonna have much success. I've tried everything I know I've extended the hand-off friendship. I've offered all you know all kind of accommodation Remember this is a thing about where you were being held the hostage right and if I would back off on mode and you wouldn't get canned Well, you know that's too many months ago. That ain't gonna fly anymore. All right And I did and I backed off and then I came back here for a few days now we had our little Birthday party in there and by the way nobody Came in here from that show and wish me happy birthday at least nobody from that side of the window Including guilty But back on June 3rd when we had that birthday bash in there at least I was invited to come in and kiss his highness is ringing Wish him happy birthday at that point that was an ugly day turned out that it was just fun We said I sat down in there was invited I didn't want to be on there Sat down he invited me to sit down and the be on that show I thought we had fun for five and ten minutes. I thought it fun from here. Everybody else I talked to said it was a bunch of yaks It was okay and he took exception to that He just didn't get it. I don't think there's anybody this building who has either the ability or maybe even the desire to explain it to him It doesn't get it so we have this massive war go and on but it's a war on one side See that's the thing I don't understand there's no war from this side we're just having some fun And people might say wow gee, but those bits you're planning you're ripping Comedy bits we don't we have bits about yeah, who don't we have bits including me and about Druid about everybody about Voka Brian everybody else in a goddamn radio station Josh Friedman You think that fact-tubba crap is gonna come in here and say oh gee you really hurt my feelings He wanted a copy of it. He plays it for his family how about guilty before he became an underlying how about the guilty song when he was running around singing like we talked about the other day Sing it in bars he was performing it I don't get it. 11 after nine at five sixty wq and let me tell you one thing I do get and that is how you buy a mattress This is something I know I mean, no nothing about anything else in a world by do know this and that is that the old way of Biometrist is done. It's finished. It's Veneto all you have to do is pick up your instrument pick up that phone Reach for a grab it squeeze it and the phone too and call 1-800 mattress if the old mattress is lumpy and Smelly and worn out and these folks will bring you a no time at all a quality name brand mattress Exactly the one you're looking for at an unbeatable everyday low price and when I'm talking about brand names I've got the best they got service. See Lee Simmons King coil no store in the universe can match those low prices and certainly nobody would even dream Imagine the service you get from these people the dialometres because they deliver when it's convenient for you They come right to your home with that mattress. You ordered it. They take away the old crappy betting and set up the new one in any to our window When you want noon to two one to three at set or any day the week seven days a week and they give you the 30 day in home comfort guarantee To check it out the only smart way by sleeping on it and do whatever you want to do on it So pick up that thing grab it reach it Squeeze it and call dialometres right now 1-800 mattress 1-800-MATTR ES they'll be there in no time at all or go look on a website at mattress.com The Edmund Fitzgerald and steers a course for disaster in his new tribute album Gordon Lightfoot sinks lead Zeppelin Taste and confused Gordon Lightfoot renders his version of lead Zeppelin's a immigrant song We've come from the land of the harsers know on the midnight somewhere the hot springs though Gordon Lightfoot sinks lead Zeppelin. It's a whole lot of stuff like this hey It's the compactest that's lower than the bottom of Lake Superior And there's a bustle in your CD player don't be alarm now. It's just Gordon Lightfoot sinks lead Zeppelin I'm 17th boy that's your answer brought you know at five sixty wq a.m. happy Wednesday to it And you're also something we got a pool today on the election. What's your take on Tuesday's election results? You know I voted I don't give a Schmidt did I say it was gonna be Republican sweep my psychic powers right into again I could feel it. I just knew it And I got it called as yesterday about his problems with the appalling place in Howard was also on channel for news last night And I you know obviously there were a few people didn't have those problems, but you know the margin was so off side And one way or the other plus the media did a great job of convincing everybody and Broward that they'd have a two or three hour wait that nobody showed up That was a good way to make sure that nobody and I'm not blaming any bug partisan I'm just saying the media really screwed up big time. Oh, it's gonna be two and three hour weights and they have two few machines And they's got two thousand more machines and it turns out that thirty five percent the people are less and borrowed showed up thirty four percent I think so we're no lines and we're no votes But I made no difference because it was a landslide Because this country is turning more and more to the right to got to call yesterday You said there's more of us than there are a few year right you are right 2000 that wasn't the case in the presidential election now it absolutely is Don't ever overestimate the intelligence of the American electorate out there and of course Don't ever overestimate the intelligence of the Democratic Party because like I told you yesterday Man they had they had nothing they sent back in a coward in the corner well We better not talk about this. We better not attack the president. Well, that's what you got you got nothing You got squat you got cream baby. You got slaughtered Even hitt water monday Creamed so the Republicans have the Senate they got the house. They got the White House. They got the Supreme Court They got all these other judge ships that the lobby able to confirm they got oh they got it They got the country by the balls So that's our poll question. What's your take on yesterday's election results? I don't give a Schmidt. I'm suicidal I'm ecstatic I'm ready to leave the country or they're all a bunch of crooks those are your choices on a poll Here's the facts from Rick who says happy birthday of yesterday's election in the debacle The only polls are going to next time will be the quarter poll or the eight-pull of calder There you go good choice Rick Don't blame you Why don't you waste the time You know I'm a set what and I haven't seen him in a morning for a coupons age But I was channel surfing this morning and there he was with that you know the dead man in the chair and I give him credit He was talking about the election in the about how CBS and Dan weather are so liberal and biased Which he's right about that and about how CNN just so obnoxious all the way around and how they're smug and whatever they say is the truth and then he also said Which my ears really perked up just like like this my antenna he said you know as far as Fox knew is that he said they're even worse He said they all ought to be wearing sheets over there How do you like that Heather? He said all you people at Fox ought to be wearing sheets? And that's the newly conservative Don I'm a sin last year's after his rehab After you had to give up the bottle all of a sudden came back as a conservative But nevertheless and spite of being a conservative nevertheless He still says the people at Fox News ought to be wearing sheets. How do you like that? The correct always liked that I'm as you know even when he was alive So that's the way the election came out. I'm sure gonna get a lot of calls today and you can call up And then and do your usual childish thing we like like Robert Robert now. He was pretty civilized about it He was too busy trying to referee you know between what else was going on in there Try to stay on the chair while he and Zach were laughing their answer See everybody I am I the only one who's who picks up on that that it seems like maybe they're just doing it for my benefit when I'm around But it seems to me like all of the other people I encounter in this building Understand this stick they have a sense of humor. Am I wrong about it? That's just in the building Everywhere we've ever been no I'm I'm forget about outside the building. I'm just talking about the current situation. Oh, yeah the current Moe situation Moe goes on the Moe he becomes iconic Yes, and and also let me say this to you. It's one thing even even assuming there is premise about calling another Network out of town radio show is no big deal See it's one thing to call in to make a comment about the ball game or about whatever it is your the topic might be It's another thing to suck up and say oh, yeah, I listen you guys every day. See they're the competitor Even for him. They're the competitor, but that makes no difference because that's not important What is important is to drive they stake through the heart to give the old twist and give the stuff that's what's important So one last time I extend the hand-of-franchis For this meeting that there has been proposed that I propose. I suggest to that Because I think that's the only way to clear the error. We're gonna have like World War 4 here Of course I'm not gonna be here much to the time anyway. I'm busy going to that Martha Stewart class I still don't get that do you? No, not even the second time now 560 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon line the pull is up on yesterday's election Is that thing working or not because my vote is on it? Maybe didn't where maybe they just don't care or maybe they're hiding under the vet Our audience lot them. They just didn't hiding now. Maybe they're at the passport office Yeah, I don't think it's up there yet. Well, I work a lot of snow WQAN I'd like to finish the meal. I beg your pardon. Happy birthday, so thanks. Oh, yeah, I hear that that little phone call there Yeah, leave my lips in three months that guys gone You're gonna run them out of the door here. I'm not running and I see that's not the thing to say cuz I'm not I don't let anybody out but that's his personality. It's not you as him. Yeah, you can take that kind of crap That's his problem. You can hear it in his voice. Yeah, yeah, yeah He was like up on his call. He was I was kind of scary. I was worried for him I don't I don't like the guy but anyway, that's just try to point happy birthday It's great to hear you that's flat Amsterdam. Let's blow fat one over there. Okay Hello Josh treatment never was my type 567 0560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon. Why and we said blow a fat one That pull gonna be up or not did Eric uh, do we have any idea? Maybe maybe they just have no interest in that thing No, I don't know It's obviously not working WQAN Yes, those kind of find out. It's not show on still tonight at two in the morning to fix Is it still out? Yeah, okay. I was just curious And what else do you think about that this whole rep for end was for George W? He took it to the Democrats he went in campaign and kicked their butts. Don't you agree? Yes? Thank you ever great today. Okay. Yeah, he did He did he spent he raised a record amount of money he went out there and you know And whether you like him or no, which I don't but he got the job done That's what it's all about not about the best interest of the public and survive partisan politics and spite of all this crap about wow That's your baloney. That's what it's all about Because they all represent special interest Democrats have got labor and her special interest and the Republicans have got the oil people and whatever And that's what it's all about in the public well or screw no matter what. What's some of you might think we're screwed all the time pulls work and like I told you See you're getting more like him all the time like who? What's your take on Tuesday's election needs? Results needs I'm ready to lead the country six. They're all amongst your quirks three I'm suicidal too. I'm ecstatic one and I said I don't give a shmit that my vote. I don't Then surprise me South Dakota by the way is very close. It's with like a hundred and some votes the a Senate race in South Dakota Time dashals out trying to find some dead people not too easy to make up votes in South Dakota Because when there's only like 80 people live in a whole state in the first place it's kind of like is conspicuous You know when he's covering in some ringers Unlike in this day where we got like millions and millions and some of matcha there like citizens, you know Some of actually alive and are still voting like you know it's time to get it on WQAM On a national level the Democrats moved because of the partisan politics I don't want to get anything through they don't want to put the budget through so I think to kind of hold themselves a little bit on that Yeah, but that's the way it is I guess that's the way it is and we have I love you good bush. I love you Yeah, but Is the guy loves boots boots boots? You got all the boots you can handle man in your case. It also not like too much 560 5050 5060 I see and I'm rubbing these beads that's bad. Why did I take these out of that package? I just aim a lot of beads I'm gonna just go and out of the hall Oh my god It's good thing I didn't like pull the string on these when I was dead and there I think that would have been the end I think that that piece would have flipped right off his head Come on mode just lighten up a little bit. It's quit being such a hard ass God Up until this moment I never quite realize just the degree the extent of psychosis and paranoia up till this moment to actually witness it yourself WQAM WQAM Hello Nobody on seven I think it's the quiet guy. Oh the quiet guy and Rick Satches We're also I'm as was rippin for the fact he was in the newsroom with his sleeves all rolled up until somebody told him MSNBC made him do that But he said boy look like a jerk And I was thinking of myself well even with the sleeves rolled back down he still would look like a jerk being in there I mean who the hell's Rick Satches what credibility's he got to be covered in an election? You know Rick snatches But the effects is in it that I don't mean fixed in terms of fixing the actual outcome But the it's the deal of sealed And I will see what happens now we'll see what kind of right wing paranoia and crap passes for our government this country And I'll say it again. We got nobody to blame at the Democrats don't blame their Republicans they just went out there into the best to think they could Greece as many palms as they could the Republicans didn't Greece as many ways enough money and they campaigned like crap that that's what it was down to All my democratic friends out there all tenia Gonna be to blame but yourselves because they they stunk they stunked it you and And that guy the fact me yesterday remember at the beginning of the show old Bill McBrides two points ahead Right right always the matter for I think he won didn't he? He won Broward yeah not by as much as people thought that he won Broward, but not too much Always they McBrides made and never a McBride 27 after nine at five sixty wqa. I'm let's face it even here at about fast train for a long time Let's see if it makes sense for you you finger it out the facts is simple if you have the dedication fast Ranking provide you with the necessary training to become a certified computer professional According to prestigious time magazine and they will they know their crap at time The demand for computer professionals will continue to give bigger and bigger and just explode like Modest about this morning the rabbit student completes their training and for sure Are months attending school three nights a week once you completed your certification fast rank and help you in obtaining Your new computer job and making some serious bucks and by the way George you ever looking at mirin See how sloppy you dressed yeah all the time Fast train advice you to come and visit their train career counselor and determine which track is ideal for you It might be what's that other track? He's a liberty well another out of business track and fill it up here Call fast train one eight six six fast train to set up an appointment. They got four convenient locations You'll find one near you. I'm almost sure that they're in Miami Pembroke Pines for a lot of Dale and now Kindle so does gotta be like I said one near where you live don't forget to ask the career counselor for List of students just like yourself who are currently in their dream jobs call fast train at their tool free number One eight six six fast train That's one eight six six fast train or check them out on the web at fast train dot com you can be working that new job before spring But you gotta make that call one eight six six fast train There's a butt I smell it Uh-oh You You Everything I'm talking at the least Three ways There's something close but between your phone I'll set it taste like bubble gum See you next time you need a story Done since it takes a different world to make you come I 33 at five sixty wc you know what the i-man says that i miss is is the people at box out of be wearing sheets Maybe they're this is just a stupid yeah, could be I don't like that by the way that drop in it's this is just a stupid Just a stupid unlike a crow noise in a back. Oh, it's from the game. Go like it 102 votes on a poll What's your take on two days election results? I'm ready to leave the country god damn it Put me in a right direction 38 They're all a bunch of crooks 27 does that crooks in as like Nixon would say I'm not a yeah, quote I'm ecstatic 16. I'm suicide 11. I don't give a Schmidt 10. That's a way to look at it Just be oblivious. There's trap locks. He's got a pompom's out. Execute. They want a national energy party I want this they want that I got news for issues had nothing to do with a selection nothing Absolutely nothing It was a goose stepping election It's right we're in war we're always gonna be in war there for we have to like a goose step behind our commander and chief our leader Our head said it when so on and that's it. That's all I was all about plus that I'm a cratsuck Everybody knows that now they suck Give heart was on a morning man. I'll tell you. It's good thing his name is Dick Because he sure is what up between him and Tom Dasha like got the collective Joseph Gacky looks like a Mexican jumping being compared to those two boring bland spinoist gutless Follow them saying what do you say? I'm saying the Democrats lack leadership they like charisma They like excitement they like black from they lack their lackluster That's exactly right. Remember Mr. Custer they lackluster I'd like some custard right now some frozen almond fudge Hmm that doesn't get from Donald Bob's Fies that we're not getting any food in here. I don't want to be eating thing because if I don't quit eating till I get out of this place I'm gonna like get all that weight back then I lost remember how good I was doing here right now this this is an eating place This is a goddamn food place It's a food pushing place. I want out. I want out of this place. It's a food pushing place and then I can get out of most here. Oh, sorry Okay Seriously, I'm just I might have to do though and luckily it's Wednesday We got the noon to one Wednesday comedy bit hour. Thank the Lord for that. Thank you. Good because I don't want to sit here and have to do four solid hours of uh and and it's totally off the wall You know I thought we're gonna sit here and reminisce about the election yesterday. Remember to survive when we had a free country or at least a Sunday We're you know I look Monday But It's all of a sudden this guy and he did that kind of call you an O-Jama provocateur whoever made that call But we're glad that we got it WQ I am Hello Yes, sir Okay Jeff Bush broke the law last night at six thirty at my house. Yeah She made a solicitation call and he did not Allow okay good And then uh allow 560560 I think that was time dash. One that sound like time little bit Don't take it that hard time it's only an election. Okay. It's only our democracy. It's only the constitution It's all of our freedoms. That's all it is. Don't worry about just a god damn election America these things are very important We had important stuff like ball games to worry about now we're talking big hockey games tonight Mary Oscumitant Let's look on a bright side. Leaves pulled one out of their ass. Right dome beat Tampa last night four to three Alexander McGillney the hat trick nice going airmo Alexander Mogilney now you think if I call him O he be upset I don't think so He might hide stick me might spear me a little bit but I didn't that Love that Alexander Mogilney he demand So I was long to get all those good things. Let's concentrate like Harvey Rubin once told me when he was metro commissioner Well during with a Mary-all crisis when all the people were getting murdered all over town And when this place was like a toilet and they've got even worth a now And I got him on my show when he says oh, no, let's not discuss all of those things. Let's talk about the good things that are happening in Dave County Let's talk about the people that haven't got murdered yet Kind like that, you know, so let's look on a bright side like money python would say instead of being a much as our pie all the time Like some people around here W to Q a m You're ready for the cyclone beat you boy. No boy Good one five six seven. Oh five sixty pound five sixty on a AT&T line W Q a m Hello, yes, sir. You know, yes First of all, let me tell you your your speech or your buddy speech on Monday didn't help out the the half-cent Tax down here So we're gonna end up building that metro rail to Disney World now because you mean you're just freed Minimal first of all. Yeah, they never heard him get to the point because after about the first 30 seconds They were on a coma. You know, he's a good guy, but they you know puts everywhere to sleep Well, I think it's what is a hundred and eighty eight mile we're gonna build I don't know I have no I don't know I don't consider myself with those things anymore and another thing in more Corrupt now that you're gonna make up with This character I didn't say I'm making up with anybody I said I was the one muffin I discussed and then clearance thought it was a good idea Have a meeting kind of clear the air me and George and Mo and them and Greg and uh, you know And at a place where all we'd be safe like Louise in the Bronx, you know like that Sit down and discuss you know, I read out because you know How can you possibly work together in an environment like this where somebody is taking an also personal? I mean this is business and this man is taking it personal But just in case don't drink the coffee in the in the office And are you going to playing the skits? Am I what are you going to stop playing the skits? No chance no great job. Okay, I have a great to think Well, I'm not gonna stop playing that say it you know what this reminds me of it's kind of like a a non-political or a non-ethnic Heather thing from Fox what I try to make the big semis above oh your erases because you're playing kiss and agreed good morning and you're playing condolese And that's uh, we're not racist anymore. I am erases but like an average ordinary racist is supposed to like a virulent Blackhating erases that calls people niggers stuff like that I don't do that Well, he's not in public. I Use that word. No, I really don't like if I'm in a club with great love that seat. No, I don't like if I'm driving Driving on a car in some black person is driving very very badly. I'll be screaming not to think in here Me, which is a good thing but I'll be screaming. What's wrong with you? You crazy spoke and I did that there's nothing Virulent meant by that just you know just me being me You'll say what up man. They get or like or like if I like old bra I talked about in the can like the day with her juken who I'm screaming you crazy old bitch What does that got to do with anything point of reference? But anyway, so it's to me I see it as the same way the bits that were playing about him or no difference of ones We play about me or you or Josh Friedman or fat boy ever have fat boy complain about this stuff. Oh, they love it They love the attention. He loves so hard. He might die. Who fat boy. Oh, please Even if he don't laugh he might die. How's he doing haven't seen him recent he's on the walker? Yeah Okay, yeah, he's on the walker. Of course when you're on the walker. It's hard to balance that ham sandwich You know and unless you got one free hand And he's got one of the others. He's got one of the walkers that you're only holding the middle with one hand his walker has a TV tray attachment Man poor fat boy We're pulling for you fat boy. You will way up and top of listed our as far as this sales crowd Well, guess why so I'm taking the least at a the end of work. Skippy No idea what the he doesn't know what plan to he's on a kid Skippy that's our sales group for you. Okay. We got Adam who's a good guy comes in every morning's kind of boring boring and And then pd Lenny that if we never saw him again, it would be much too soon crazy person certified It needs to be in a rubber room. I deep-o's got a billboard. Steve has got a where's your billboard? Steve has got a billboard. What kind of a place? Hey, what kind what go find out what flavors I want. Okay Pd go find out which flavors I'm getting crazy person Anyway, no we're not gonna stop but then you're gonna. You're gonna show will continue being the new Rogers show And whether it's Heather or more or anybody else that don't have a sense of human That's not my fault. That's not my problems not my fault Sooner or later you got a light nut a little bit, you know If we could all light nut and look like shumar more in the Heather very Heather Howdy, howdy, very did I say Heather very luck heart. Howdy, howdy, howdy, luck heart. Well, I'm a little old and June lock heart See you put that in my mind because you mentioned yesterday. What's his name died? Johnathan Harry Jonathan Harris Rest in peace. He will be this he will be missed. He was great Just like Richard Harris will be missed but not so much because we had heard from him too much lately 19 till 10 Have five 60 WQM on a great Wednesday. Don't forget noon to one. It's all comedy bits and maybe today what do you think? Should we suspend play any of those that a between noon and one? No Hey, you know, we all have different needs because everybody's health is different your bodies And that's why like sometimes you take antibiotics that are good for some people and some other people are allergic to him Correctively die from well the same is true with Supplements all you met Mediterranean formulas or advanced combinations of pharmaceutical rate olive oil would vitamins minerals Urbals other nutrients specifically designed for different people maybe you need some help with your blood pressure Maybe some other people need help with their mind whatever and of course they also have three new formulas Want to help you sleep one to help you control your weight and cook you ten which for my money is one of the best things for your heart You could ever take all of these products using the benefits of the finest and purest olive oil that money can buy I can just see all those little Italians Stopping the olives with their feet. It's fantastic Only medicine exciting new product which you can pick up right now at publics and records and wall greens Beware which will help reans you conserve with cuz we'll get pissed off for more info call Olio met toll free at 1 866 olio mad that's 1 866 665 3653663 you can order their products and give more information on their website to it Oliomedamerica.com and if you visit nearest publics and buy an Olio mad product in date or Broward You can get a coupon good for a free Larry coke or bobblehead dial a supplies last And don't forget to visit their sampling for video and its sports done every Sunday when the fins are playing at home Boy the dolphin fans are really souring you know something they got a good the reason to be pick up some free Olio mad samples and product information start doing something for your help by pop an Olio mad in your post real soon The bad date of quits nothing glued And on the latest hit with Michelle branch Everybody wants Santana on their song so we've compiled a CE collection of every artist Santana has ever played with like M&M The Dixie chicks Andrea Bachelet It's Santana's will let's for everyone CD including unonly tracks from Carlos and John Tess looks someday your journey will end I'll be there for you Yes, he's a guitar playing horror who will play with anybody except of course Kelly Clarkson Santana's links for everyone order now and receive a personalized bonus track where Santana plays your very own birthday song Call now hey Santana look this after that smooth thing man. It just turned me off You know they're playing it like every 14 seconds that thing just was the biggest piece of cramp If that would have been like high-meach mandarin down a street who would have done that Rocket nobody would have ever even heard of it much less played it But that's just one of them things 160 nine votes on a poll. What's your take on yesterday's lecture results the Republicans sweeping even Bobby buttermurther God be which may be not be all that bad even Charlie Jesus Christ one is attorney general I want to want to bring back the chain gangs Let's get Sam Cook to sing the work on the chain gang Yeah Oh man what a place that what you got a laugh you might as well laugh Since one thing about me. I got a good sense of humor some people I don't have any sense of humor and of course it doesn't serve them well That's not serve them well 169 votes number you leave the country 55 They're all a bunch of crooks, which I think is the right answer by the way they're all a bunch of crooks So what difference is it making not Ralph later? Oh? He's he's too much of a schmuck to be a crook They're all a bunch of crooks 48. I'm a static 27. I'm a suicidal 24 and I give a schmuck 15 Let's see I'm a static 27 suicidal 24 so that's just about like even's itself out I don't hear the sound at too many bodies drop in from the top floors. You know on on a ground people jumping off for tall buildings How is the market doing today now? What do you think the market would again continue going zooming up After this tremendous Republican sweep Come on you gray robbers. I don't want to see no spider man. I want to see the goddamn numbers on there Jesus, fup fup fup When you think instead, oh here you go. That was up six not very exciting, you know After they ghosted way up the last few days now and then as that's actually down fractually like almost the point Not nothing very exciting there you would have thought Because what's it midchurs that told me back in 2000 that the markets wanted bush Butch butch butch and that it was gonna go way up Just one more example of his been full of cramp. Thanks a lot Mitch and by the way Long history dollars WQAM Okay WQAM Yes, sir. Hey, pick you might be able to play that call from the First team where they got asked about the search and then his two pay From the first from the first team Well, whatever the morning show whatever the same where the guy was talking to Moe asking me to The guy that did a two pay with same surgeon that did pump it out. Yeah Would they keep you might be able to play that mean the doctor thing about J. Feedler's a surgeon? Yeah, yeah, yeah, you mean the one that goes the doctor that performed the surgery on J. Feedler's thumb Isn't he the same doctor that performed the procedure on your two pay? Okay The doctor who performed the surgery What's think about that? What's his name? Klein Felix doctor? No I don't know who he used to use George Colwell. I'm not sure I'm not sure where he went. I'm not sure where he went. Did you go to Holy Cross? I don't need it Not sure well bottom line is it I don't the doctors can't tell how long days it will be No, you're not sure somewhere at least a month could be up to eight weeks somewhere in there walking in the wall with your QM. Hi, Moe. I'm sorry. Not walling You know you can't be so vain. We're talking about curly Simon that's how you can't be so vain when you're old And you weren't a bad hero piece. I mean look, let's face it none of us are like fashion plates in this place We don't have other than Miguel and the name of your female in this building. It's really great looking Carole Carolyn You better watch yourself mister. I watch myself, but yeah, you better take a look at a mirror before you leave a house in a morning, but anyway But other than that we don't have like a lot of really beautiful people in this building people You just say oh look at that there's like a real beautiful hot person There's a real like fashion plate most of the people come here dressed like slums like we are today because why it's a radio Not her television I'm telling you I'm making some kind of a appearance. We're not going out in sales like fat boy and have it put on a good appearance Or like PD Lenny the this shoveled PD Lenny you look like he just crawled from out of a dumpster I'll tell you one thing about PD man. He sure is he is he makes me look like a snappy dresser And that's almost impossible Seriously, he is just I think he's going for comedy. You think he sleeps in that crap or what he must So how can you possibly be vain when you get advanced in years when he gets being old fart How can you be vain about your age and about all these things just lighten up a little bit just a radio show It's a means to an end. We're not going to change the world here talking about some stupid ball game and about Ray Lucas the this and George Lucas said that and Jerry Lucas the this who cares, you know We're just trying to fumble our way through lives into the best we can that's my motto do the best you can under very trying circumstances But we just have a situation here and I don't know if you can change when you get to be at that advanced age You think it's possible for people to change and say no when you know something maybe you got a point Another I understand where you really coming from because some people though. I don't understand where I'm coming from that's what bugs me like Heather she was a good example She started with an agenda and the agenda was a positive point that I may virulent racist in that liberals are all really racist And we're not going to help out the black folks and you black folks stay home which uh and Broward least lot them did and everybody else too Nice job you folks in the media by the way warning everybody there'd be a two or three hour wait to vote yesterday I'll say again. What's gonna make any difference? It's not an excuse, but it's just an excuse to be doing that Cuz you scared a lot of people away But at least we can say look at this we're unblumished today Florida didn't have any more embarrassment except to we elected governor and attorney general WQAM You know First of all, I want to take a good regulation to you. I'm what for have me tell them to the financial situation to get out of this country Yeah, you're a very lucky person. Yes, I Second Well, I'm growing up now the years I used to hear this slow then you never talk politics in your religion Yeah, and a bar and now I've become the real eye that each who caught have so much similarities Unbelievable it's like people are just following people and You know, not even taking consideration because you're Republican you've got a low Republican Okay, even though he might have been a right person for the job They all exactly vote for what their party is and not the right person and I'll put you really show South ignorant and stupidest country get and you should vote for the person that you think will do the best for your state Well guess what guess what? Maybe their ain't no person is going to the best for our state. How do you like that? You're popular right about that, you know, just calm down a little bit take a couple and call us some other day That's right, too. Come out of here 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and by the way that Jamaican guy with those his name that calls him all Where every morning I am he may still be listed now. What the hell and I don't want to start interfering with that joke Cause then I'll get some more crap to an army But I wish he called it other times than when I'm on my way to work because he's interfering with I and German of the most show What the hell is his name jerky the Jamaican or Jamaican jerk chicken or whatever? I don't know what his name is airy damn coming to work there. He is there is the fish You know, let's get some new blood on there. Let's get more number this small baby that'll make him feel better So maybe if it wasn't the beast fault, maybe it was my fault the number wasn't like much more figure. Think that's it You're fired. WQAM Yeah, okay. Good one. WQAM Hello Neil. Yes, hey. What's up at Phil how you doing? Phil? Yeah, did you like my card? Oh, yeah Good good. He lands yeah. What we're starting to get our own chronics now. Yeah, you know it Did a George give you the other pictures I sent you a while back? I don't know. I don't know. I don't know Phil. Not interested in your pictures. Don't take it personal. But not interested. Okay. No problem. Hey, listen Yeah, I voted blue yesterday even though I knew we had no chance right I still wanted to voice my opinion Well blue was the word being from relatives and Amsterdam. I say I guess blue would be the word Yeah, blue for demo. Look this. Uh-huh. Anyways, as far as the poll, I'm suicidal and I'm leaving the country. Okay. Uh, yeah. Number two, Boca Brian is a genius That had this song and the when you played yesterday. I'm embarrassed to be an American. Ha, that's really great. Oh, and another thing about Boca Not like he's paying me to do this, but uh, yeah Yeah, I got an autographed copy of his CD and it's great Okay, Phil and closing Neil. Yes. Will you spend my monkey? Toad scenes. The team's doing Let's see if most of his marketplace one more time. I will stop listening to his show man. Says are Naldo Are Naldo in the in Miami says I will stop listening to he says market place one more time. I never never never noticed that But I'll stop looking for it What's that you making guys name Bumbaclon no no, Sam serious. Have you had no? No. Well, you ought to be an on your monitoring that show every day 560 560 pound 560 on the 1810 Verizon Wireless line what's on the agenda today and uh by the seems to me by the way Since I'm accused of trying to undermine that show, which is a lie that it was the mad dog a couple of months ago Who somebody asked him or maybe even on solicitation said that's a bad show. We're free to our morning show It's a New York show. Tune New York guys. All they talk about is New York teams. It's a New York show. It's a bad show Now maybe he's changed his mind on that you know I'm saying the mad dog he's in total do that But he's the one it said that we're all in 10-legged of our opinions if somebody wants to come on and say this show Is a show for morons or train monkeys or whatever. I have no problem with that Okay Anyway, what kind of you worked up about that? Oh because mad dogs on any schedule. They're one to three And also by the way Mr. Mad dog. I'm gonna start on him Michigan state isn't interested in being a football power We don't care We got a lot of potheads and cocaids we don't care He was to go on on yesterday about boy if there's ever a sleeping giant a place that really could be the next a big powerhouse If they get to write person there maybe we got more important things and Michigan state to worry about Like you know like learning something and getting expelled from school and getting drunk things like that getting laid As opposed to me she again and a Penn state and you know you will have him the same half doesn't you know football Professional Josh sniffing schools Anyway, Jim and his one hanko burger three with our a winderman between four and five kill a great hour Then we got the shit go panther preview between 7 and 737 730 730 Panthers in a penguins Mary Ozen town Eddie K after the hockey game from GA and Joe and Mark over now For David's the bitch and now the league of retirees Don't make hard I Ten oh two at five sixty wq. I'm happy Wednesday to see I am getting faxes from people out there like oh you should be really depressed and We're very sorry this happened on your birthday. I'm not am I depressed? You're just visiting But that's seriously. I'm not depressed. I expected it. I'm one of the very few people who predicted it was gonna be a Republican sweep I predicted that right here on a show You could feel it you could smell it because smell the stench of defeat coming from the Impitted Democratic Party who always when push comes to shove they always seem to be right there to let us down And they do they never disappoint they always let you down And it's not gonna make a big difference anyway because the country's goose stepping right behind this president right on a road Again, and we're gonna have a hell of a good time 234 votes on here. What's your take on yesterday's election results? I'm ready to leave the country 74. They're all about your Croc 62 right on I'm a static 45. I'm a slush-met 18. I don't give a good flying crap Good for you WQAM Happy to let it birthday my friend. Thanks, chronic Yeah, I love you to death my friend the thing is I'm going to cat a fuck them Like I said 560 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line Let's see how do we do that operation What are the doctors saying what's the doctor's name? WQAM Hello, yes, oh Well, your phone is sound like you underwater I Here you have what it sounds like you're not bathing the dog it sounds like you're in the tub underneath but anyway go ahead do your best The The back oh yes your baby with bulletin stuff on my husband because he lost his son's Ray your registration card and they wouldn't let him vote yeah So it's all everything else is also what it is thanks your stations for running One last question for running away And a commercial your station ran a commercial yesterday For so I guess it's lower to pamphlets dot time you can download a half price coupon for a nice game Yeah, so I'm going I'll see you there. Yeah, and the third thing is you've already struck a Oh, yeah, no, I got these come back tonight. Yeah, still our boy. I love them You said Something about Ray movement George movement reminded me Do you think the cubes are gonna boycott Steven Spielberg's movies now because he's in Cuba? Yes I'm hooked up. Okay, how do you know good job? I'll wash it off clean 560 pound 560 on it. Yeah, well, she was in the bathroom She's a good dog on a baby her phone and it sounded bad but I was gonna like chop her off It was better than hearing from one of those cronics again Like that you're making oh you're making Paul that's a guy's name just you know what I'm talking about yeah Every day with all my god. I blame Robert Giepper for that. Well, we're trying to get even for that election You know Robert's okay. Although he better watch himself him and Zach were like rolling on a floor during that call this morning there There were out of control Of course luckily the focus of the other part in there was all directed toward me so he didn't see them rolling around in the cheer WCOM God WCOM Neil yes, sir I'm driving in my car running 53 this morning and that dog liquor how would they? What's that stuff with that guy in the control room that he's he used me? I mean you got chunks of that guy in your spill man. Why is this just play? 24 hours a day seven days a week for the next month Good more skits and then I'll listen for the rest of my life. Okay, that's a new format all more all day Demo we hear it. Demo we like it Mofui you money Demo we plan the mode they listen here's the facts from Gary who says good morning Sorry a birthday to fall on a counterout conversion away to theocracy see I had a fine birthday I have no problem with you know I wasn't really excited about the turnout, but that's what I expected Could you explain how the morons in this they could vote for a member that reduces plant sizes and for a tupstour God devious plans to undo it. Well, they don't care see see that's the deal the people go out there And they say well, I'll pretend I really care about education which they don't if the people in this state ever cared about education We would be like suckin win and write down their word Mississippi is the last and next to last in every category They never cared about it. They don't care about it now, but it just sounds good. It's definitely politically correct to say oh our number one issue is education right Give me a break So they vote for it and then of course they know it's not gonna happen because he's gonna make damn sure it doesn't happen And the kids will be still be going to school in port of bodies and you know all these other places But no air conditioning in the summertime. It'll be great just like it always has been Which is another reason I know but he under the age of a hundred ought to be living here because people are over the age of a hundred Don't have little kids go into school. Let me could just close down all the schools Close down the schools and build more shoes bring some more old Jews down Right right on 567 I'm just you know I'm not gonna get all whipped up to a frenzy about it I'm gonna I've got good article here by Thomas Friedman the American Idol about Bill Clinton and the Germans in the way they admire him And the reasons why I'll save it. I think for tomorrow glory. Dances oil thirst behind bush policies But I'll save that for tomorrow also Because today I just want to sit here and yank on my Loved beads yank on my beads Those are the biggest beads I ever saw yeah the way well we got a lot of people around here with a big Bracom okay, so maybe that's the reason WQ I am Yes, sir Neil yes Hello about you in George. Oh, he's a pleasurable listen to you guys For example comments on our fantastic election I think you were right. I don't think the Democrats had much to say they didn't seem to do any acting They just reacted to Republican stuff they voted against them the president They got out of step with the mainstream who is behind our what's best president So I guess if you're gonna go out and slam the president mode against everything the president does when the president's the most popular president We've had it all one time You're gonna get thrown out of office You have to present an alternative they could say the economy was an disaster and they were headed in the alternate events Great Just to say the economy is an a mess and more in another recession and then not have any I'll turn it forward you're gonna do about it. That doesn't convince too many people Exactly, they simply said no we don't like the president's doing so we're gonna vote again And you know and you know why they didn't do it because they were scared if you're running scared you're gonna lose You know actually these are the same people who Now go for president a couple years ago now I don't like Bush I really find them dis-faceful that religious crap and all those other people And yes, well, you know, you know, I'm coming from big news But I'm not real Reported with how out gore who ran for president could have been stupid enough To have come in at a time when the economy was good and up You know everything was cool and how did he manage to lose when you got to be pretty stupid to have lost George That's right It's called snatching the feet from the jaws of victory. That's right Yeah, okay and and what happened this time with and you'll notice here is one of the most popular presidents in history That he didn't want to campaign with him and like Arkansas and the Clinton's home state and wanted to blues Not just about they hold deep South as a result of it So the guy still a little seamen on a blue dress Yeah, he still was a great Brilliant president good guy and well liked it well respected yes, now so now we have 911 come along and Bush Whether we like him or don't like him He'll at least as well as gore would handle things no and so he comes across as a strong Protect America kind of a die no, he doesn't we look look let me say this See, no you're making it much too complicated if issues like that would have been important like here in Florida We just had the bolt loads of Haitians It showed very clearly that this whole thing about homeland security is just like the dog and pony show They're doing it the airports we're not safe Well, there's no homeland security. It's just it's just a dog and pony show for the public So to suggest that is because he doing such a great job in a war on terrorism where we have a cut or Sama we haven't caught this one. I mean that that's not the issues had nothing to do with it Issues had nothing to do with it the fact is the Democrats came across as weakneed and impotent and they lost The deal with the bride but bride comes up and makes them an house and I've got this plan for better education for the kids And we're gonna blah blah blah blah and then somebody says where's this money gonna come from? Yeah, and he goes Yeah, he comes up with an answer that a third grade math student can figure out swall Then the same electorate who votes against McBride who wants more education votes for constitutional amendment That's gonna raise our tax right through the roof right and you know what and you'll agree with me on this I know you maybe you're brilliant Yeah, they'll argue in closing yes in closing Lowsy parenting closes. Lowsy grave good kids from good families whose parents care get good grades in our crappy school And the kids who come from cockroach families don't do too well on school in the parents I say let's put them all on a goddamn pub 10 forget the air conditioning for good about anything else And the textbooks and have a great day boy Pup pup pup pup pup pup he was worked up like Denise pot fan Only a little morey articulate It's 11 out to 10 at 5 60 WQM half that bald spot is getting to be a real sore point with you know because a lot of you guys are vain And a lot of you guys also aren't getting laid at all and other and a lot of guys out there just start getting ahead and life They're getting ahead well the answer is have some hair Believe me we got people around here are just obsessed with here If you are get some hair from Charles Alphiiri because at least if you're gonna put something on your head Make sure it looks natural and looks good and that's the key the natural hairline system looks like it's the real thing like it's grown right out of your scalp Not like some growth test Animal from outer space oh my do I have about that small of the last night from outer space dot in your head When that we need must have been a small spaceship you know because John just picked that thing up and put it right on the back of the pickup Right, well it was that lightweight metal, you know from Krypton I see kind of like my glasses maybe it was titanium Or maybe it was part of the titans Kryptonian anyway here's the the Occult Charlie Alphiiri what they'll do is they'll bring you in there They'll set up a consultation no obligation and they'll situize down and show you just how about how this is the most and how much better And younger you guys can look and how they can make your ball spot disappear forever Nothing lose but that ugly grotesque shiny spot on your head call toll free 1-800-321-2413 Manchany or Roger save an extra 200 bucks off the regular price 1-800-321-2413 and get some hair back today or check them out on the web at Charles Alphiiri.com My My junior honey Oh They keep on coming There is a girl in extra white jeans a girl who said was a ton And she's living with the women at the funny Play toys in the house of the ladies First I need a little hot when she was young at a restaurant with a boy You didn't know the she was gay Until he noticed each time they went out She went for the seafood buffet Just look at all was his diec sisters now Just look what they have done She's crazy Dominant she comes home from work to that door Well, half her parents She's gone Oh, we're pulling her she laid it down to stop publishing the rosy bag Let the laid off staff not paid and Rose's girlfriend who's pregnant right now I guess she just only got laid There is a girl with extra white jeans entertainer She's become And she goes by the name of Rosie O'Dee in the house of the ladies It's real 18 at 560 Dominant you have here's a facts from O'Dee the cop Well, I haven't heard from him at a long time and that's good thing I guess he's faxing out and I call him good He says Clinton's departure from the White House caused a terrible leadership vacuum Minnesota was lost to fence citizen after the ridiculous funeral service pectoraly for well stone the Democrats turned off everyone Well, I'll say it again and I don't doubt that that had quite a bit of impact But if that's if that's the and supposedly Minnesota they're like intellectual you know they're educated there better than the rest of us If that's the effect of that's gonna decide what you're gonna cash your vote on then wife father Well, we're gonna add Mark prior in the Arkansas chalk on pump in the Democrat. That was about it. That was the only one And every other single close raise at least South Dakota still like upper grabs. I think with an hundred votes and not finished That looks like the Republican there may eat it out or not tune But all the other close ones Carnan amazurish. He just barely got beat And then of course Catherine Towns and Kennedy and Maryland. I'm gonna tell you the sure how I'm putting the Democrats were Not only was your name Kennedy and she got beat, but this is in a state Maryland where it's against a lot of you Republican I think I mean no Republicans ever win Maryland, but she managed to again grasping defeat from the jaws of victory And what what quantification did she have anyway to be governor? She would know Spurl a-nose 287 votes on a poll. What's your take on Tuesday's election? We're having a party. We're so excited about it. Hudson coming. Yes, he is. Wayne Arnold is coming today That's right. We're tossing aside our sack and we're bringing out the old good stuff Have a little celebration here from Wayne Arnold's Royal Castle and our good buddy Hudson Who whips up a mean needy burger with her without cheese? Who's that in the door whether some communist who is that? It's Pete. It's her best friend. Petey Lenny. Yes, hey go put your middle close on. Okay, where do you scumbag those things stink? I guarantee he sleeps in that thing, but over that that's suit. Maybe Greg can make him a deal or the tradeoff as a good suits Probably spoil his image. You better look at the mirror before you leave the house in a morning Pete. I don't Where are we going line 9 now? I'm so confused with this phone thing now. You know although the show is just take it off like crazy now We're taking calls again I tried to tell Tom's a command this idea of yours and not taking calls. It sucks Tom. WQIM Yes, sir. How you doing? Pretty good. Good news Corn tape she knew some Jim Johnson the Democrats South Dakota is ahead by 500 votes All right, and it's 100% precinct reporting. Well, there you go. See we pulled one out of our ass But you know you know who feels better about that Tom dashi all these things in all my god is this embarrassing that's like when Gore lost Tennessee, you know But I say post you're confusing a sweep or you know control the Congress with the landslide. I mean This is a mixed election This wasn't a sweep No, no, the country is the country is divided right down in the middle, but but see the thing of it is in election as you know It's like a horse race in a race horse race. You don't have to win by three lengths to be the winner and a same in election If you win by ten votes or if you fix it by 500 You're the winner. So you don't have to have a sweep in addition to which all the power goes on to the basis of number of people in the Congress It's got nothing to with how many votes they won by Well the problem with the Democrats Is that they're trying to be like Republicans it's me too is I'm the trying to imitate them instead of Well, I said that yesterday I said that back in the early eighties Reagan and that was when they first started this with their good right wing Board again Christian friends is to make the word liberal dirty word So all of a sudden the spinless Democrats almost all of them back the way from it. Oh, yeah, we're not liberal And they try to be more and more centrist and less and less a liberal and that's a polycraft What's wrong with being liberal? But the promise they're not offering an attractive alternate right right if they're message they have no mess Correct and And you know unless they do that they're gonna look continue to lose now as far as 2004 I see it as carry and Robert Rubin the former Treasury secretary come on Ellis Rubin I think Robert Rubin the advice presidential nominee. Yeah, yeah, I would be planning that far ahead the way that this administration is going You know, we're on that road armor getting we might get there before 2004 Democrats nominee Al Gore my god. Oh, oh, I see no Not we may have to cancel that order for lunch. I just spoiled my day a little bit please don't say that I love that that Fox news Heather bit that is just that is the great Well you'll be here in at least 20 30 time No, how about 30 40 times. Okay. You got it. I know see you Yeah, he's right if they do so Tim Johnson pulls it out of his ass and South Dakota They Democrats must have found a couple hundred dead people Well, you know it's easy to find South Dakota because there's so much open space. I never been there have you been in there South Dakota Yeah, I've been through there think it's in badlands The band-o-do-do-do-do Which is featureless oh A blank plain or kind of the everglades no no the elder everglades has some animals Oh and character Well, so so what is it now instead of let me if we do my math let's see 48 now that's not right is it 51 I think that's right 51 48 and won the independent but keep showing it over and over and over Well, no, they but they just changed it because if South Dakota went for the Democrats if he pulled it out of it That was closest to which is tight as the witches as Alaska look at that Stevens well, I know who cares about them up there anyway, you know we're gonna screw them up 567 05 60 though this time on 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line We're gonna send grace slick up their first and then the oral slick WQAM How you doing sir? Oh, I'm good kind of you know your birthday will forever be remembered as black Tuesday Well, you know when you get to be 60 I think it in more ways than one you're right Yeah You know I've been pondering this whole situation and I think you right you can't get too bent out of shape because That's the Republic's control this and it's you know the Senate moderating force in the in the Congress anyway While the right wingers are unable to get a lot of their stuff on amended Not to mention of course those right wing judges baby But that that is the scary thing though is that they might be able to get some of those wackos through now because of the majority Yeah Oh, man, you're gonna try to do a chain gang. I know forget about doing anything I would be thinking about anything bad would be I think the thought police ask crops working on the thought police now Like like that thing in Delaware where they're resty if they think that you're a if they believe you're thinking about committing a crime Oh, yeah, that's true. That's indemisated be filing. Yeah They know Mr. Don't be asking any questions. They know they have they it's kind of like Santa Claus They know who's been naughty and nice they've been checking the list twice Well despite all this mess I think the best attitude to take is probably like nearo I'll roam with burning just play the liar and I got my stat of various right now I'm filling on it Have a great day. I'm playing the tune. I'm my straight-a-recent back there. I'm my ain't a love beats and my straight-a-recent I like that Fat boys wamping down a hall there with his walker With his that's good a TV trainer walker. I like that probably only got a girl here him coming from A mile. That's what they say a treasure island score score 560 maybe it's just a grudding and groaning. I guess I might have something to do with it. Well when you weigh 600 pounds I Got to play that the rosy thing again not the one I just played the other one I got a day without that It's like a day without sunshine. That's what I need it would say. By the way, I see Bob Cunts conscott some votes. Do you see that? No, I didn't yeah Let's see he got 1% in the bra. Oh, yeah, yeah, they 3700 one day and 2300 and bra. Yeah Good thing it wasn't a close selection Dan good thing you silly fag gets out there votein for somebody just because he's a professional Fag and we're running for political office all his life and sit again a reasonable job and doing something useful with his life and running around peddling bumper stickers on street corners forever. That's that's a life. That's a freaking life Bob Cunts 20 six past 10 at five 60 WCW and don't forget to mad dogs coming at one and And then we got the hopper at three with our winderman for it if you don't like NBA listen anyway Hank needs your help and then at seven o'clock we got the shit go panther preview 730 Panthers and the penguins Los penguins Maryos and town Marty Strak are back in the lineup tonight Pretty sad when you go to see your local team because they're playing somebody interesting and because our local team who and then Eddie K after the hockey game our boy from GA Joe and Mark the dirty boys overnight to be conserting with their pounds Hey, let me tell you about a great place to go. We're gonna have a feast for lunch here Not as big as the feast you can have yourself at the Emerald Coast Chinese buffet I'm not talking about a meal. I'm talking about a real honest a goodness down home feast I mean you go in there and you can eat and eat and they do the people are going there They go back and they don't mind because that's what it's all about the best Chinese buffet You'll find in the universe even better than that crispy beef I had in Toronto with Rimmer In sunrise north by me beats a newest location in Pembroke pine start out your mouth watering experience with one or all of six different Fantastic soups. They've got dozens and dozens of enthrased oriental and all kinds of other good stuff too And of course featuring oriental surf and turf on weekends and New York strips they made to order with the gourmet center a sizzling Asian grill featuring all of these things Terry hockey steak shrimp chicken seafood and head crab a handcar Prim rib the Amocost also doesn't use any craters no MSG and they use only Colest wealthy orals and all of their cooking too and their buffet features a full salad bar a new sushi bar and fresh from cocktail To maybe already to Greg there's some time because he likes that sushi man. He likes a having a food that looks back at you One requirement try to save some room for dessert. They got pies and cakes pastries I skim with all your favorite toppings and fresh fruit. They even always be having watermelon over there for you folks They'd be like in your watermelon. It's an unforgettable meal an unforgettable feast at the Amocost like I said three locations There's no cost dollars just came in from fresh from consorting you find them in sunrise Thailand on the 44th street Collins Avenue just north of 16th you're north Miami Beach and at the intersection of Flamingo and Pembroke Road in most prestigious Pembroke Pines take out delivery 2 call 9 5 4 5 7 2 38 22 9 5 4 5 7 2 38 22 Why do they're browsing through the 8000 different selections look for the new Oriental chicken salad to at the Amocost Chinese buffet My Good can keep his packer in his hand you should have supported your own station. What I don't understand what hold it hold What is one thing I don't understand well one thing has to do with another a lot of network show that happens to be carried on Love the station in the marketplace also so hands you go on everybody's show opposite yours at the same time You think hands you go on their station when you're on here if thank Goldberg appears on another radio program That happens to be carried in the marketplace. It's a network show and it happens to be on opposite me I don't give a damn about that right when I care about what is that matter? Howard you know the business you know how works. I just don't think you want to support Neil Rogers Well now you bring in up something that's completely different. No. I think death's why I think that's the biggest problem You got you don't like Neil Rogers and you did you wanted to go opposite to him and you really didn't care who you offended Well what what what what what what what what what what what what I tell you what since the man is standing in the controller right now What isn't Neil Rogers tell you Since the day I walked since the day I walked into this place. He's done everything he can undemine this program since when I'm getting down a bad brass tax I'll look at right in the eye and tell him right now to his face I think you brought something that on yourself you blamed I might be even bother arguing Whether I'm appearing on a network show what the hell is that have to do with anything And if the object is To get me pissed off Didn't trust me when I tell you it didn't take 53 a kill You never know who will call Tony Bruno on 940 Fox Sports Radio Our David voice of the Miami And you don't need the game was what but I will listen to you guys every day you guys doing a hell of a job It's fun to listen to and oh Brian I mean the whole thing you guys just doing there's great What did I hear that right back up the page? Well listen you guys every day you guys are doing a hell of a job it's fun to listen to and oh Brian I mean the whole thing you guys just doing there's great wow even Mo Howard David listens to Tony Bruno on 940 Fox Sports Radio Exactly I 33 at 560 WKM little a cop 2 times this morning see was a bad move whoever left that door in there to control might open that's that was a bad move Let's remember ugly scene Oh, you hadn't heard that yet Tommy all Tommy's where it has rank capture had again Did they maybe the lower is worse than I could ever two five six seven Oh five 60 pound five 60 on the AT and T in Verizon See how Joe just gets up and walks out he don't want to be stuck in the middle because he's the he's the main man He's the I'll be doesn't care I'm not talking about Tommy I'm talking about Joe forget about Tommy he's small potatoes Anyway, 133 votes which were halfway to 666 What's your take on yesterday's election results is the Democratic Party once again later big Fettig I'm ready to leave the country 101 They're all a bunch of crooks 95 What time's lunch coming by the way? I'm star our our static 70 I'm a suicidal 41 and I don't give a Schmidt 26 how do you like that? So anyway working on that meeting for Louise in the Bronx Not right away, but down the road a little bit. You got the word Yeah, well I got a friend there at the a precinct that WQIM Yes, man. Yeah, I love your show I always listen to it. Yeah, I need to touch a pretty point with you Touch around me one One of the things that we published why are you whispering I see okay Hey, one of the things that we publicly have in their event is just that the platform they're together They're not divided and Democrat or I mean inside the Democratic Party Well, if that's the case, I'll come to you with so many Republicans against the invading Iraq Well, I don't know But let me just tell you that there is a The Democratic Party How about Richard Shelby who's that? Yeah, he comes from different spectrums. We have the logo. We have a number But how come Richard Shelby was Screaming in yelling about the incompetence of the CI and the FBI and about the poor job the administration did I work for that You're going I agree with you, but he's a Republican Let me just tell you something. Well, you just want to uphold the big fact now they're all much of but anyway go ahead I mean, you know, I mean the way I see it is that they're Republican party Super super they have a platform they know whether they talk about the Democrats We don't have help anybody the media. It's just pounding at us And another thing is that they're Republicans They have so much money. I mean So much money unfortunately this election was decided Ever since they had that Cheat sale of pennies the Fox News people like we have a lot more dangerous to Well, yeah, and you know what I mean These people have The packet to fill with money But like probably last it wasn't because he wasn't a good candidate. He was it's just that He did not have a lot of money He went for a crappy campaign and then the color before was right the second debate that was what cooked his goose Well, yeah, things have been roster which I lost totally my respect for him I mean did roster pound at my bride and he gave it in a slide to jump bush a few remember if you I didn't watch it. I want what I watched the debate. What I already knew I was gonna vote for why did I I would say didn't vote anyway More than I want I bother doing it No, it's not Why is it a sad day? Don't you understand that the both political parties stink don't you understand that? I don't think we're screwed the average person in this country is screwed and tattooed I don't think so I think they won't have been doing a good job I'm doing what well by promoting I'm losing every key election Under the sun Every time that we want to open our mouth and talk about the economy nobody wants to live They haven't wanted to open them out and talk about the economy. They don't have any plan for the economy All they want to do is say the task cuts were bad and and screwed us up and put us in a recession But they have no alternative they have brought us anything to the table bring it to the table maybe Mabel black label bring it to my table But thanks for the call she's she's too worked up for me. I don't want to get all depressed She's depressed I understand that's but it's not like a football game okay see too many people view politics Hey, the Republicans say we there's a Democrats all a bunch of crooks like that poll says they're look at 103 29% of the people in the Saudi and say what happens does it make it all much a crooks anyway and they're right It's just that some crooks are a little more dangerous than the other ones, but they're all a bunch of crooks And this business and I guess it worked in New Jersey okay But this business up there Minnesota that we're gonna you know dust water out of the mock balls and bring them out Then work to good I thought he was pretty good in that debate the idea that when I saw it, but you know the problem is people don't listen to the substance That's that's America for you when you're dealing with so many stupid people. It's the sizzle not the substance That's right all they want to see is oh this This norm Coleman guy he looks like he's under the age of a hundred and he's still alive and can maybe walk a little bit Walter he looks like he is embommed He looks like they just turn of loose for man and two so as last museum Like I said he looked 74 going on 104 He did he didn't look good plus his speak barely speak you know Not knocking his positions or his politics and just not gonna affect it plus of course remember where's the beef? Yeah, that was how mean it was a good line, but it was a you know didn't do too good against Ronnie Ray gun Then to do this stuff and think about the great choices the American public said these presidential elections. I'm not that we had one, but it just in general Stop and think about him Michael DuCoccus and George Juhuber Walker bush. Oh Walter Mondale and Ronald Reagan Jimmy Carter and Ronald Reagan Al Gore and George. Oh, yeah, the Bush Don't forget on state level either. I understand that, but that's what it boils down to that's why people say well It's a lesser of two evils well what kind of a guy then country is that there's mondale On his success. Yeah. Okay, Walter good luck to Poor Walter. I mean, I like Walter Mondale. I think he's a pretty good guy, but he's 400 years old. You know it doesn't work too well What were they gonna do they had that they were desperate? And then of course some people are gonna say we did all that playing crashes awfully suspicious I don't think so, but there will be some paranoid the assholes who will say that some people make comedy But it's about that and they will not get played on his show And certainly not too late to stop that check 567.0560 pound 560 on EA. Oh, it is to late on the AT&T and for Eisen wireless line. I'm sure he'd always any time The Bokamester he's not there's that money store right over here. Oh, hey, I'm sure he's goes there right down the way back up the Hershey highway on the way back up the Ho Chi Minh Trail So that's good that at least offers me some hope The fact that there's an open door to this meeting so we can kind of clear the air a little bit Well, there's certain things that are musty in this place. That's a good reason I'm getting out of here fairly soon. It's kind of musty, you know Some hairpieces little musty that cashmere bouquet Who else was it that came in a few days ago and smelled shook my hand somebody I like But smelled my hand at all day long. It was oh god. I wanted to like take a shower Who was that was a few days ago someone came in here. I hadn't seen him quite a while for a strafford? No, oh no, he don't he don't smell like the like they're they grow people that have been in there Oh, I didn't and you know something who was sitting in there with a day to crow was in was it Carlos me Carlos also I think was somebody was in there Okay, yeah, that's right when I said do you see what I'm saying nobody ever believed me about that? He I think he like jumps into a tub of cashmere bouquet before he leaves the house every day the crow Sure a lot quicker and take in the shower Twenty me four eleven at five sixty wqm. Let me tell you a great place you want to go and hang on in fact This would be a great place to go tonight get away from all the stress of yesterday's election Papa no park go on plunger guts out baby lose thousands or maybe 1,000s whatever Papa park is open for live harness racing to be Wednesday Friday and Saturday three nights week Don't forget the earlier new post I'm seven fifteen p.m. Free general parking free club house and grants that admission every afternoon night So come off for an evening a great harness racing action and don't forget on the fourth floor you can treat yourself to a private box or enjoy a Ben and Jerry's hot foot Sunday or slits of a balladies pizza Slites of pizza and don't forget every Wednesday like that is dollar night You can get you a draft your hot dog soda large pretzel or popcorn for only a bucket piece and Pop it up our excellent top of the park restaurant on the sixth floor is open every live racing night Including tonight for fine dining featuring chef Kirk Leadies night with specials and the best seafood stakes in primary dinners in town I eat there. It says in even I near rojas enjoy eating. It's a even I even a fat old flag like me Enjoy eating there and of course I eat for free so I like even more Everybody seated at the top of the park restaurant office of panorama view the races with a private TV monitor Look at that looks like Mickey Mickey Mickey Nichols coming out of stretch. He'll finish fourth again There's also that great all you can eat buffet on the fourth floor players lounge only 1095 per person every racing night. Of course when it comes to simultaneous casting every day night starting a noon Seven days week pump it up our Scott of going for you with high-eye harness and terbred racing action So for a great night away from all the tourists in the stress and grief take the whole gang up for a great night Tonight get lucky at Pompano Park power line road to block south of prestigious Atlanta Boulevard in Pompeo, Beats You Larry King and they don't come any better than Neil Roger and I'll await it from our good friends at winter counter travel Aspin Colorado that's the place to go if you like skiing imagine for a moment you're on the slope You put your knees together bend slightly forwards and then you grab your pole while you put the other hand on the edge of the table This is unacceptable Who wrote this I think it was time now not Mr. Zepkod. I know who's responsible for this sabotage This is the handy work at 32 proof and that train quantum and monkey it is The jokes on them while have you know I got connections in Who are you One of you just announced it send them in you'll see you now thanks Godfather, what do you know what do you say? More my most to me cause the twin friends what can I do feel on the day of my thought as a portion? I'm here to the man that you grip me a favor. I want to sink in ahead on Neil rush What have I done to be treated with such this respect? Well Godfather at the end of my rope every day they got me raped it using my name and fame And just making fun of my veins. I should learn to do a week alive Well, I'm not like that Oh, you know who I am you're a man who deserves respect for his a ticket to the biggest Holy dragon he's ready. I already live in paradise You know talk for a man like whoa I would like that. I want you to take care of our friend mr. Molov Your pop okay take your pants off Ella. Let me show you a good time Could you hands off me a big dummy? Hey dumb dumb your stupidity. Yeah, but not like they say You may hand your way a little bit I'm on a day break Have a call in the spot to keep a quiet thing You It's before 11 at 5. 60 WQ a m here's a fast from Uncle Bill and roll Palm Beach who says it's the Q a Is the Is the Q a hand Van ever is not gonna make it. I don't think I am either is the Q amp and I'm gonna make it up to Palm Beach You know that you number one in your time slot up here unless that's big George is doing the show Well, thanks a lot Uncle Bill So said I'm number one unless you're doing the show. Maybe they just don't like fixing roll Palm Beach That's all right. They're on their way. Okay, so you guys who think you're so smart up there. They're on their way Here's a great cartoon from one of our regular cartooning faxes Show the capital building for the big sign that says our bite must fry with the gates in front of it And here's a little character looks kind like Dr. Mangalita me walking with his GOP satchel on his way Says Bill common new Congress Well, that's way goes good luck to all use who live in the US Here's a pull where I don't think I'm gonna take the time to be this long faction the pull worker and brought his upset What a nice lady that was washing your dog I'm just read this part to the dog washing bitch who called and said they wouldn't let her husband vote If you and your husband Ha ha ha we've been over back with make sure everyone could legally vote at our precinct But we had people coming here. We're not registered to vote at our precinct So we had a send them to the precinct that where they were registered We had people come in who would already request an FCT ballot. You can't let him vote again There are procedures to follow a Yadiyada In closing the new Heather Fox bit and it kills me so it's so goddamn funny pull worker and brought the lightsop sir They had a really pretty good a good job Made a couple of complaints early yesterday which had nothing to do with the pull work I do with a couple of malfunctioning machines, but nevertheless. I mean, why nitpick about that? So you voted for McBride to show up bush, you know, why get excited about that? Maybe there were only like two 300 thousand machines like that, but I doubt it Now the fix was already in because the McBride stuck his foot down his throat unprepared we campaign Democrats just aren't up to it. They're not up to the challenge. You know I'm saying that up the just don't have the stuff anymore Remember that movie the right stuff Democrats have the wrong stuff Georgia course has the good stuff 3009 votes yeah he wishes he had the good stuff he keeps insisting I'll bring it back from umstit I'm at a course it's not worth it What's your take on Tuesday's election results? I'm ready to leave the country 115 They're all about your crux 114. I'm ecstatic 82. I'm suicidal 48 and I just don't give a Schmidt 30 people said that I'm 389 Lunch is underway from Wayne Arnold our good buddy Hudson will be here no time. I'll have some neatly burgers some white hats Drums, but you don't like but there's no city. I don't like drumets anymore. I don't know why Right is there breaded and deep fry breaded and deep fried which will kill you extra fans anything boiled and fat WCOM Neil yes, sir. I'm a moron and a train monkey and I want to thank you for having a show especially designed for me Good. Thank you sir. You're welcome. Here we got a lot of train monkeys out there and morons and that's so why we have such big numbers I mean majority of people are there. I and even even when it comes to the sports nerds You know even if some of them have a sense of humor not too many most of them take it very serious When we go out there we want our really kick some ass and the guy who gave that art we blessed and never dawn on me again boy That guy must be psychotic now Not only we have the bad weekend last weekend but then after a Saturday without shaky your workers giving an Monday and I would agree in big game and I'm so sick and tired of the people on his radio station Sukena for Ray Lucas man, okay, so the first half he wasn't that bad and no he didn't lose the game all by himself But my god, this kid is tragic he's pathetic. Why can't the people on his radio station tell a like it is I've been around a block a few times. I see more goddamn football games in my time the most of these people in her whole lifetime In fact in the average season I see more than these people in life time because I got the package while they're sitting there glued to the dolphin game That kid is pathetic. He is not ready for prime time. Oh Well, it wasn't all his fault. But he made a bit of a banana at that sting area. He's only got a stinker He had a stinger and then he came out with a stinger that Ray Lucas another train monkey WQAM Yes, man. Have a nice birthday great the best Oh, this is flow. Yeah, I'll chronic flow get out of here What No, she wants to call the tell me. Oh, I don't it's not that I don't appreciate the I gave the right name. I read the card it was Lawn and flow whatever was or whoever I read whatever was on a card right right right right We had a very much very much her voice melt from the flower right Thank you very much. I mean what it's they didn't get credit for it CNN understands that you said Mindy. I did not say Mindy. I bet you a lot of money on that. I didn't say no Mindy Well, we got the tape about more can Mindy by and say they're dark and Mindy I'd say anything about more can Mindy or just playing Mindy or any Mindy used to be I'm guiding life by the way Which I never see anymore God damn it what channel is CBS on here real quick for oh I'm three this cable blows man this cable really stuff What is Stayed Second Jackie Same business There's Alexander one right in the other with sucks and Olivia Looks like a real comp to cops there between Alexander and Olivia and I'm missing all the guiding light stuff How come I can't get no gun and I inspire ports because we have no women calling it on the show Except the ones who want to tell us that that was me that saying the thanks a lot flow Well, you were the one I was bitching around before the show today. You're getting psychotic you sure is how were You had a voice mail on there and then he had a voice mail from the floor. He had 16 other voice mail I gave credit and of course it's got this heavy rocket the bottom two was just that was in the closet Well, okay, Doug right in there's another reason next time put chocolate on a bottom floor and one was that long which I always say that it's Lou I don't know Well, seriously if you sense if somebody sends me something and they really want to do it You know because they like me or they like the short. I want to from my birthday what difference is it make it by acknowledging or not right No, it makes a lot of difference It does well. Yeah, I have to say there. Yeah, that brings to my mind questions about the sincerity of the gift, okay? Flow flow flow flow flow flow flow flow flow yeah. I'm gonna throw your ass right on the floor when I'm in if you don't cut the crap Oh no Say I didn't talk about flow and how she's all bad on his shape. What up what a shame that is hey, Mom Maybe we can hook you up with flow flow and a mo show With Joe as a guest Well, I wish I had nothing to do the whole show on helium didn't it? Pass that all the other more time. You're gonna play it not not would watch on away Oh, black a big gulp even at 7 11. They never saw a big gulp like that I felt like a little on helium now is you gonna gotta work up. Oh, so I like gildy now Holy crap you heard that it's a little bit higher higher just like jelly getting the ball Anyway, thanks flow I love that remember the time we had the um and I would take we had a whole take of helium in the studio And now that we discovered that after you take about five six hits of that you start getting lightheaded and pass out Because it displaces the oxygen so you're not breathing anything. Is that what it is? Yeah, but I do like that sound man. It's a great sound. Oh, I was gonna remind me to do it on tomorrow From that the real audio because that the clips from my why that I'm still puzzled about that Why was I a rich dog doing a show in 76 on this station called himself Jim London or something like that? We were hearing contract negotiations. No, I'm serious. It was definitely rich dog. I got the audio and it we also got Tanner What we got Tanner right here from my 100 And then there's some clips from i95 On there's some pretty boring stuff What's his name's on it? Earl of Pearl? Are good friend. Yeah, are good buddy Earl of Pearl is on the clips and Oh and Tanner's out with Jim really oh See that that's another I don't understand only we're on four years together in my 100 but I don't understand that Perfect at all that pairing Do you it's a Catholic thing Bill Tanner right no Catholic yeah, but he oh Are you gonna start with you alter board lines again? I The most disgusting program I urge everyone to complain to the station okay What is stupid thing to do? I stay in the friend That marriage To be those one fine since he made what we want to have that way Baby What happened twice to me Will make you to what happened Baby Happy for you Because it sucks to be What do we have around the limit showcase getting it's an all expense fate pre enough to a agreement Two luxurious days of electro shock therapy and green ops love Molliving spa a police that abortion this is a fine edition to any dining room like wait and easy to throw and And a solid wooden chair and drafted and perfectly balanced for easy lifting when breaking them over each other's back Gonna see a quinoa jacacca went on six o'clock Oh Love it. Oh to a five sixty wqm the only reason booker branded that bit is because he's really pissed off at show about that wedding invitation He complains to everyone about that and you can find a good sitting here guy a wedding invitation to spend hundreds and hundreds of dollars to fly the laws Vegas And then bring you a gift to attend your wedding. It's just in very very poor form Very pissed off forming it the month run He was it was a costume as I was trying to get out of here that day was last week He was stopping people to parking lot. They didn't even know screaming about he was talking with the car wash guy Can you believe that cheap son of a bitch? Must be to fly to Vegas go to his wedding so I can bring him a gift Or speak into that man accused of microwaving girlfriends dog oh This is a true story must be because it's from the wicked web a man has been arrested in the US after Legitly microwaving his girlfriends dog Police say ever it as house of springfield Illinois was jealous of the amount of attention his girlfriend was giving the pet According to the state journal register is being held in the Sangamon County Geobre spacing impossible charge of animal abuse aggravated cruelty the police were called a house He's home by his girlfriend when they arrived they found a pillow case on the front porch that can take the remains of a small groundish black dog Witnesses Here's more black and saying yeah Well Witnesses told police that how's he 41 type of blue bag around the dog's neck put the live animal in the microwave Then turn on the oven the police reports his officers examined the microwave and found evidence had seen to indicate that I'll get put inside the oven that seemed to indicate how is he was not a home in a place where I've a contact in the authorities when he heard that officers were looking for him honey like that And There's another great fact that just came in the average driver He met more than nine hundred and twelve points of wind Inside a car during his or her lifetime I don't realize you may get farce in pints. Did you know that no there might be British Fat boy said he heard it was quartz The figures released by the BBC top gear magazine and list of statistics for a profile of the average driver Well probably that's the brits do that because they fart a lot more than we do because of all that spotted dick Although they wouldn't call it pints now what they of course you fart a lot too if you had that old toe to the hole The survey also found the average driver will have sex in a car six times in their lifetime And now they talking about what somebody else They'll spend around two hours and 14 minutes kissing in their motors kissing in their motors Reservy these brits man just kill me mr. or Mrs. average will swear or blasting 32,000 25 times behind the wheel And peckish motorist each month you're about monster about 21 pounds of chocolate as they turned a lot now. I don't think so Well, that's possible I've had a few things side no talking about a candy bars You don't eat candy bars in the car the car they got a hold out of the fridge Nah To the hook and wait to get home in the fridge They'll also not offer to we eleven times and jump 181 red lights while you brits mask you're a bunch of barbarians. Here's a good facts It says I'm not a violent person but I want to kick the Schmidt out of Tucker Carlson at right wing Faggot Love you. You'll see you in Amsterdam. There you go I've said it the low light of the entire campaign the lowest of the low To show you what a bunch of shfucks the public are in Georgia Or that sex be a sexless Chandler's guy beats mass Cleveland the American Vietnam War hero Would they three they triple amputee lost two legs in an arm and he attacked him Provoting eleven times against the whole nine security but he was he was all for the whole Mind security. I just not the version of it that the El President he proposed but it don't confuse this with the facts So the implication being he's unpatriotic he's not for online security just like El President he was doing that thing about Well, you know that Democrats aren't for national security and it worked it worked And so Max Cleveland loses based on the fact that he's not patriotic man who enlisted in the army to serve in Vietnam during a time of war enlisted Give us up three limbs and The public said you I think you got it at a point. Oh, of course don't forget George is where entry is And that corn sure is special Let's see as a follow up to Mr. Jick is article about how the colors are part of the make of you sure I have a theory if Booker brands bits help the show when he gets paid so the college you know Please may my check to the midchurch redemption Fund and the Democratic Party okay. I'll only check that away not long. He just did a spoke of Brian will send it to Susie cash is that check 567 hey by the way floor your balloons are getting in my way 567. Oh 560. Where the hell's the food already? Oh, that's why he's hanging around so long. I knew there had to be some good reason. What he can sense it He was on his way before we made the call he can smell it because when he first came in this voice Well, I thought it was maybe most peace or maybe that bag open again Now, oh you didn't tell him when I said the other day about who cleaned up that bag and how he did it no I I would not I don't tell him W to Q a m Oh, and that's must be when I got what's doing W to Q a m Oh, we got a run now baby. We got the runs W Q a m Happy birthday Neil. Thanks and many many happy returns. Uh-huh. It's what he got it hang up Okay, that's three in a row. We got a trifecta leader. Please. Hi, we're here to please. I mean if we can hang up on flow We can shrink up on your ass So I guess throughout a material again. We only got till noon that we got to noon to one hour We should be great. You want to know why cuz there'll be the eating hour for me Play all the comedy bits like we do every Wednesday between noon and one we certainly don't want to play any of those mobits though because No, no, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh we might If I people will just play all like that one day. I think we have an hours worth them That would be bad that would be a very poor form. I think Joe put that they put you up to that 5 6 7 0 5 50 pound five. Yeah, see he sucks up to his face. You know put on a happy face because you got to see me every day You got to hear the things he's been telling me W Q a m Yes, sir Yes, sir Kicking an email with Halloween costume of a priest Got a little boy stuck to his crotch. Yeah, Larry. What's your email address or George is whatever's your email address George? Okay, I'm friend I actually challenge. I don't we know do email okay forget about the email. He's got a hilarious so cartoon He wants to send it to George give him give me your home email. Give him a moe's email No, see that's what started this whole thing was you with that email George does bad email, sir. We don't want to start a whole another Simis again, okay because once George starts digging around with email, especially other people's then there is hell to pay So just to lay off the emails unless it's in Samuels. Pup, pup, pup, pup, but I don't actually she and I've been going. I think we got some to go on on She and me I heard you're a type Let me tell you about your mattress. Okay. It's probably getting lumpy and old and smelly because gotoing knows what's been going So pick up the phone and call our good friends and I see I keep saying that stop saying that stop saying pick up the phone Whoever writes our copy whoever that idiot is keeps putting that in every piece of copy. They know they have to pick up the phone Jesus, they're gonna have a speaker phone. Okay, so put down the phone And call 1-800 mattress 1-8 that just frost my ass that we got such a lack of creativity in this joint 1-800 MATT RES because they give you great service whatever mattress you're looking for whatever top brand you like Serda, see these Simmons King coil. They got them all in stock ready for just about immediate delivery And again, not when they're ready to do it. But one is convenient for you any day seven days a week any to our window when you're gonna be home Like between 10 a.m. and noon 11 and 1-2 and 3-4 whatever that is and they give me that 30 day in home comfort guarantee So you don't have to worry about just lying down in the departments. They're hoping that it's really the one for you You get to sleep and do your thing on it for up to a month before we decide if the mattress is the right one for you So get yourself a great new mattress at an unbeatable low every day price like I always do and even the lovely Miguel To this last time he's pretty happy about it and you will be two 1-800 mattress 1-800 MATT RES or check out their website at Mattress.com To hang this up baby Wouldn't it be great if you could get a massage whenever you needed one you can with vibrant touch The battery operated massager that fits right on your finger. I love my vibrant touch. It's all I need Vibertouch vibrates at over 9,000 cycles a minute for deep long lasting satisfaction Vibertouch is adjustable so I can adjust it to fit on my favorite finger Vibertouch comes with four vibrant tips and a handy carrying case so you can vibrate yourself anywhere you go It's great at work or riding on the bus and the vibertouch is quiet the guy on the bus this morning Thought I was having an epileptic fit until I showed in my vibrant touch have your credit card handy and call now It's 1-800 touch it that's 1-800 touch it Vibertouch operators are standing by honey the UPS guy just delivered a case of battery That's right Jack when I said the vibertouch was all I needed I mentioned you'll be hearing from my attorney in the morning I As big of that to near pushes Mattel is stop making its best-selling Harry Potter vibrating broomstick But the toy company says its decision is not based on the playthings popularity is a preteen sex toy As we reported in September Mattel's nimbus 2000 drew rave some kids, but horrified parents who found their teenage daughter is riding the buzzing 1999 broomstick. Was it think they were gonna do with it? Maybe the thought I was Halloween. I don't know In the wake of our story time out in the York even rated the nimbus along with bona fide vibrators Net sex issue, but am a teller Mattel rep claims it's not because of the stories It's just not a continued product in our 2002 line strange considering the Harry Potter franchise is stronger than ever It says here and they are opposed so it might be true in a right wing right how do you like that? They're riding like a broomstick Hello George for 163 votes on a poll What's your take on yesterday's election results? What are you taking out? Probably a lot of people taking a big yeah, what's the same to me? A big heavy duty one. They're all a bunch of crooks 141 I'm ready to leave the country 138. I'm ecstatic 93 Let's hear something for those people to work static Okay, I'm suicidal 55 and I don't give a Schmidt 36. That was my vote. Do you have come in in last place just like the elections? Hey, that's okay. I'm used to it 567.0560 p.m. 560 on a AT&T and Verizon and what you think we're gonna get a guiding light update. I guess not you will Nobody QAM Yes, man. Good night up. Tell you I've been wanting to talk to you since you got back to South Florida You can watch guiding light at 3 in the afternoon on channel 12 out of West Palm. Are you kidding me? No, you know what? Channel 4 in Miami is one of the few markets in the entire country that's airing at 10 in the morning I'd drop it to Ronald they carry the seatbelt's not a Toronto meeting in the front buffalo Yeah, and they carry the three or clock it was a channel for decision. It wasn't a CBS decision Well channel 4 sucks. I know So I don't know when the last time you saw but Alan and Olivia got married last week Oh no, oh my god, but right before the wedding Olivia and Philip got stuck in the elevator and they were making out and Alexander has it on tape. So yesterday she presented Olivia and she said this is your wedding And it's the tape of her making out and you know she's got the pre-nop with Alan that if she cheats on him She gets nothing plus he gets the beacon so she's blackmailing Yeah, I saw the last minute of it this morning. I've put it over there and I saw that I would there any other's push right when what channel 4 shows in the morning is really from the day before Channel 12 so you're actually even getting at a day behind oh boy. So anyway, do you pick up channels well? I doubt it Too bad. How am I gonna do that? I thought maybe it was on your satellite or something Yeah, or because I'm well I can find it somewhere probably on my big dish which I never use anymore I can play it on the big dish. You really haven't missed out much it has been kind of weeks To me since they brought Joan Collins on the show. I can't stand her So no the last Alexander was the good one We'll never log down I'll tell you passions. Oh yesterday they had the was it yesterday that they before when what's the name was taken a shower the girl Stark naked you don't watch patty. Oh, you're missing out Like you know maybe I should switch guiding like it's been kind of weak and it's been gusts and Harley and Harley and doesn't and I don't like I don't like that story What a lame story next of it be bringing back that redneck old daddy of hers too. It'll become a man Right, no, he's not whatever he is grandpa right But don't I guess that's about it. Okay. Thanks for the bad news. I didn't miss a thing nothing all right Fine, you know heavy work day. Thanks a lot. That's like most self-pourers. You don't watch for a few months And you come back any pick right up where you left off well a couple of things have another no big deal Let's see here's a long long long long facts in the bottom lines is keep your pass forward handy and pray to Jesus for the best because God if those who have themselves That's a good line. I like that. I think he's got a good point. Oh, good Religious cooks or once identified precisely is that are taking taking his offering serious input about reality In that regard we're simply following the rest of the world everywhere fundamentalist of every stripe Playing the march of modernity are determined to take to lead a headline retreat into the past Hyper-signist freaks are such a take control in Israel even in moderate Turkey crazy towel heads have brought appeal in the Muslim world and Penetical Hindus India push for a nuclear showdown with the packies The Democratic Party is a joke it has no message whatsoever They completely rolled over while bushing asscroft instituted step after step in building an authoritarian surveillance state The USA Patriot accurate there's been more principle of opposition from some damn Republicans like Ron Paul Bob Bar, I Richard Shelby etc. Then they literally liver Democrats the so-called leaders that leaders in like jubbushes quotes, you know the leaders of the party are disgrace Dashily aptly named dick give heart Hillary queen I can't say the seaboard Clinton No forget Boca Brian's together took me a lot of country It says maybe John Kerry will offer legit option for Democrats in 2004 if so it won't be the second time in over 30 years Says I'm not the one who thinks the bush stop or burned down the rice slot on 911 Well they certainly have taken every advantage of this trend and tragedy to a grand-rise their power and then goes on good facts Nobody's listening but good facts nobody wants to pay any attention to it Give me the ball give me the ball give me the ball okay shoe for oh that's what it's all about Lot of open lines here aren't there couple five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a AT&T line got 40 minutes to kill and it's a good thing that lunch is taking so damn long today Because it'll time out exactly with a great new to one hour and I've gone there how sense probably what they had in mind 481 votes on it pull their porn in WQA Yes, sir. Let's go on. Hey, don't Listen now I went on vote is the first time I voted yesterday in a while and I live only over here in sunrise Are you from a with sunrise week? Yes, okay You're also on all that have to be allowed in the sunrise late My precinct is I walk up to the thing and I Six to get six or seven all ladies just found them with the album Tell me man, you know I've got that a good a good for I finally realized why there's so many trials with these old people man These people are in there between the lady running the bills and and how to know ladies out and telling them don't I don't know about your scene It's they cut me and it was your king This is really time These people if you let's anybody also take it or more they're king Okay, good thinking I like it Okay, well listen when you get new phone calls back someday 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and horizon wireless line many many open lines now all of a sudden is this hour to bottom is just Falling up today. I may have to actually do some bedtime stories here to kill out fill out the hour Which would be very sad just not to move to do it. I'm just not in the mood to do it after the election yesterday and all of a Contratum that went on here to building this morning just a bizarre a bizarre episode near it about 848 this morning in the control room with a mole monster I'm Tony my psychic abilities are scary as hell I have to start my own day because at least it would be some A legitimate unlike those other fakers on there like a misclio and all those and troll Griffin because I really do have psychic abilities not so much as the track But definitely in life in general. I'll say hey, how is this someone so to end the door will open and they'll walk in like two seconds later Watched it happen all the time right Talking about somebody lady call me about guiding light. I punch up the nice light there she is And this morning I have no idea why I discovered these anal love beads and I thought it would be appropriate to go in there and hang I'm kind of in front of the mole and guilty and the crowd in the control room Some people thought it was some one amazing for that just my bad timing or good timing to pin it I look at it was right at the time that guy called it was two and out low for Concerning with the enemy on Fox News on Monday with a anxious laughing hyena Tony Bruno And then he went it was impassioned hysterical defensive about who cares about Bobba and it's a syndicated show What are you kidding? Come on. We'll get serious WQAM Yes How about your pardon it hurts Always in Spanish yeah, I see Speaking with shanish okay, we got enough spiktoft on here already spikiting glaze We're gonna get that guy damn Bolton flea to the again for you. WQAM So he's getting a little bit old 567. Oh 560 556 now what was it about that doctor that did J. Feetless thumb pound five WQAM Hello Nobody there see this is one of the reasons I really enjoy taking calls on this show Like I said last week or so and last couple of weeks we've been doing this been a big improvement everybody's been in a better mood Maybe they're all depressed because of the election yesterday Maybe all of our people out there like you know in a sour mood Because they take it all too god damn is seriously as if we're gonna have some impact on changing the world out there which we're not which we're not oh We can make it there for it's no you can't WQAM Hello WQAM hello WQAM Yes, sir. I'm a coward and I wanted to apologize directly to you For what well I was wanting to get the Demandages autograph one day before the dolphin game and I was slipping around down by the QAM booth hoping to catch him walking by and going into the building and I saw Mo and the immediate temptation was to say hey Nice show Mo and I couldn't bring myself to do it and I wanted to apologize and I think I'm gonna Protest the QAM booth because I have that pre game show yeah Just take it, you know, I'll take like a big postures as nice hairpiece or something like that Well, why do you want to do that? I just I don't know you see a lot of you people out there you want to jump on to bad wagons You know you want to make it personal, which is exactly what I'm trying to do this is a radio show Leave the comedy to me, okay? Don't worry about jumping on to bad wagon and start to try to make a guy feel like craft That's not what we're trying to do and spite of what he thinks, okay? That's not good. That's bad form Leave them you want me to do that I'm gonna you pardon you don't want me to do it. I just get you saying all right. I think it's a story I think it's a stupid idea is what I think I think it's idiotic and childish. He doesn't the problem again and especially you sports nerds out there You're such a bunch of old grown children got all the BCS Paul we're getting scroll We're getting there's a conspiracy it is a conspiracy against idiots So maybe it does have something to do with you of him when you come right down to it Yeah, that's you of him Why So you don't ever get complacent don't feed you can sit back and actually like talk to people in this town because you know just because the last week and a half or two weeks Whatever it's been has been really a breath of fresh air This last hour turning to a breath or really Taylor like maybe you didn't do such a good job to jump in glob job feeling up the glob Suds This is cute Dear Neil, sorry it's taken so long to deliver your food. It's a new job to me since I left the radio station There are a lot of molyes I've hit by us in here in shfarts of town. See you soon with hot food suds PS I need a real good tip How do you like that? Hey David I got your fact yesterday. Okay my former bag boy. Don't be wasting anymore. I paper all right You'll be a former bag boy more ways than one 567560 pound 560 The AT&T and Verizon line 27 past 11 Only 33 minutes until that blessed noon to one hour that we enjoy so much on Wednesday boy do we enjoy it or Uh-huh we enjoy it a lot You've heard us talk on this show and other shows also about fast train for a long time Are you doing anything about it yet? Well, if not get off your dead ass because the facts are very simple like most of our listeners If you have the notification fast train will provide you with necessary training to become a certified computer professional Uh-huh according to the time magazine that a man for computer professionals is gonna continue to explode It's gonna get bigger. It's gonna get gigantic a humongous The average student completes the training and only four short months attending school three nights a week Once you complete your certification fast train will assist you in getting that great new high paying Underlined those two words high paying computer job fast train invites you to come in visit their train career Counselor and determine which track is ideal for you? Maybe it's rude also downs where they have those crazy Quarter horses, call fast train toll free at 1 866 fast train to set up an appointment with work and video locations There's about to be one nearby you you'll find a fast train in Kendall in Miami Permit Pines and for a lot of nail and be sure to ask the queer counselor for listeners students just like you Who are currently in their dream jobs thanks to the training they got at fast train calm today at 1 866 fast train That's one 866 fast train or check them out of the web at fast train.com You Is with the sewer of his place Yes, I am It's the oh You Is you Mark You The white is cars. Joggy Jr. said he trust you, God will lead you. To tell our allies of the greedy oil low, but then he make you clean all the white house bathroom. The purple seat, the toilet, and then scrub the floor. They tell you, don't wear sandals, God will lead you. Your homeship don't help make them all over the world. You're not in the air, but you slide it, be felt cold. If you feel what you can be, let go of your spoon. One day while you be looking fast, you may be alive. That they treat you just like your ester-o'er. That when your head will move from side to side, from below, it's a bush and rubber, they be cracked with asshole. Look at that. Look at the way over 600 pounds. Thanks, Hudson. Tell Wayne, thanks for everything. There's a nice lunch, came a little bit earlier. People will play an hour and a half of it today. The way these phone calls are starting to go now. Something? Or you see a fat thing. You're already for that. I don't know. I don't know. That would be an animal. Yeah, it's all these nice people around. Like in Fatso, remember that woman in the woman in the, when he brought in the baked goods, you'd... Yeah, maybe on that. And then she'd find a sea, I'll have one anyway. Remember that? Yeah, it's this little bit. Just a little taste. WCU-AM. Yeah, yeah. I do a happy birthday, happy late birthday. Thanks. I wrote it yesterday for the first time for Governor and the while. Yeah. You probably, I've ordered a per bush, but, you know. The most important thing to me was these amendments. Yeah. That was reading. What about that pigmentment? I've ordered, yeah, such a thing cool to the animals as the way to go. I've ordered for no cool to the animals. And stuff. I also voted for the, for the hurricanes in the BTS. Yeah. Push, push, push, voted for... Okay, great. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon. And a little bit, a little bit, wireless line. WCU-AM. WCU-AM. Yes, sir. I couldn't call you. I should have one of the wish you happy sick. Well, thanks anyway. I'm sure you're made a gallon of effort. Yeah, it's funny you play the kind of leaves of things. Because I don't know if you heard about it, but on the Palm Beach Fox station. Yeah. Yeah. On Monday night, they had a whole thing called Waceless Rheel. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And they had a head on there and they showed her the clay part of the, kind of, leaves of it. Mm-hmm. And the call. Like, Don, I'm a scientist morning. They ought to be wearing sheets and Fox news. Absolutely. Mm-hmm. Also, over the weekend, I received a postcard from the Jewish National Federation saying, how Jeff Bush is good for Israel. We should work for him. Yeah. Oh, hey. Okay. We'll call me again someday with some other old news, okay? Got all mighty. What kind of a call was that? I think even some of the direct we've had in the last half hours better now. Well, have a great day anyway, sir. It's better your lame effort. I think throughout a material. If anybody can sense it, WQAM. Good morning, Neil. Pardon me. I have you belated birthday. I have in my midday meal right now. It's a matter of fact. It's called Meal's Meal. What an empty. I just a couple of years. I just a couple of years. Yeah. First of all, Fox news, then you should go smile on everybody's faces with old genius power to have. Oh, yeah. Just there's just having a ball over there. Uh, another thing though, on the election, what do you think of this amendment about the bounce, smoking a restaurant, and because you think that's going to hold? Did that pass? Yeah, that pass. Oh, no. I didn't even pay any attention to it. I was so distraught with everything else. No, still using a restaurant right now. What? I've heard of what? I've heard of what? I've heard of it. I've heard of it. I've heard of it. Depend on tourism and all the restaurants and bars. Oh, man. What are what a schmuck state this is, man? I'm the elephant to cough, and I think before. Well, this state is shaped like a schmuck, and that's because the people are act like ones. Hey, if I won't ask, I think I think all these colors are just making you stupid, doves are all bunch of douche bags. Okay. Thanks. See you. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, and 60, pound 5, 60 on it. This is bad for me, right to be eating on it. So after I do the break, then we'll start playing stuff. Look, what? What? It's a capital idea. WQAM? Yeah, this guy's got a lot of money. Yeah, this guy kind of gave me a lead in on the biggest issue. Yes? When you take the anal beads to use squel... Yes, see there you go. Like I said, I can tell that they're, you know, when they're out of material. That sounded almost like Reverend Jones's boyfriend to me. 22 till noon is 5, 60, WQAM. Let me tell you right now, you want to pop something really good in your... Puss. Well, he mentioned anal love beads, so we're trying to like draw this a little separation between the two. We're talking about all your man and great product to help your health. I think it'll hold much of different products. Each one designed for a specific different part of your body and your health. There are three great new products. It's just want to help you sleep. One for our weight management and one called coq10, which of course is great stuff for your heart. All you, using the benefits like all the old-year-med products, are the finest of purest, the best this is olive oil on the face of the globe. If you want to pick up some old-year-med, it's all over town. I cause more and more people are popping it. Pick some up at public's, querids Walgreens, for more info call, old-year-med, toll-free at 1-866-old-year-med. That's 1-866-65366. 33-year-ordered products online at olio-medamerica.com. And if you visit nearest publics, or buy an old-year-med product in data-broward, you can get you a coupon for that free, Larry Koker-Pobblehead down. Law supplies last and boy, what a deal. Don't forget to visit their stamping pavilion sports dinner, every Sunday with an offensive planhole in home games, and pick up free olio-med samples and proud of information, and for better health, start popping that olio-med in your post today. That's my life and law! This is 4-2056. Wait, and wait, yeah. Bitch, I am a pussel. I'd like to see a song about my hair injury. How about me? How about you? About the way our American hearts beat way down, at bottom of our chests. About that special feeling we get in the cockles' rounds. Maybe blow the packers. Maybe in the sub-comphal area. Maybe in the liver. Maybe in the kidneys. Maybe even in the colon. We don't know. Well, I'm just a regular joke. With a regular joke. I'm your average white, suburban ice-slout. I like football and for knowing what's about war. I got an average house. With a nice start with war. My wife and my job. My kids and my car. I'll feed on my table. And a cute little piece of y'all. But sometimes I'm just came in love to keep a man like me. I just think, well, no way. I know I've gotta go out and have fun. That's someone else's experience. Well, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I drive really slow. In the ultra fast lane. Well, people from behind me are going insane. I'm gonna throw you here for you. I'm gonna throw you here for you. I'm gonna throw you here for you. Sometimes I'm in the handycat space. Well, handycat people. They can be kept safe. I'm gonna throw you here for you. I'm gonna throw you here for you. Sometimes I'm in the handycat space. Well, handycat people. They can be kept safe. I'm gonna throw you here for you. I'm gonna throw you here for you. I'm gonna throw you here for you. I'm gonna throw you here for you. Maybe I shouldn't be singing this song. Ranting and raving and caring. Maybe they're right for me to tell me I'm wrong. I'm gonna throw you here for you. I'm gonna throw you here for you. I'm gonna throw you here for you. You know what I'm gonna do? I'm gonna get myself when I 167 panel that killed the rattle in the murderable. I think with whales in a hop-caps. And all other cow in here, you're in big brown baby sea lions red headlines. Yeah, but I want to go around in that baby because I'm 150 miles per hour, and they're getting one mob per gallon. I'm just sucking out four to five of them. She's murdered some McDonald's and the old fashioned non-violent guns like a number of sweetball burgers. I'm gonna wipe my mouth with the American flag. And then I'm gonna swat the styrofoam containers right off the side. And then we're gonna cat damn thing anybody can do about it. You know why? Because we got the bomb that swides towards nuclear f***ing weapons. So, gay Russia, Germany, Romania, they can have all the democracy they want. They can have a pink democracy, and take walk-white for the middle. It's gonna be square. I don't want me to lick a difference because we ain't got the bomb. So, gay, John Wayne's not in these frozen. And it's supposed to be fine to cure my cancer. We're gonna throw out the dope. And he's gonna be pretty pissed off. You know why? I'm gonna take it a cold shower. I'm gonna do a John guest of it. And leave Marlin and Sam Beck and Wayne. And a case of it. And drive down a next state. You know who really aren't at all. I just shut up and sing this song, bow. Come on, Ed. Come on Ed. Come on Ed. Come on. Let's ask H O. L, N. Everybody, Let's ask H O. L, N. Let's open, let's open. Let's open, let's open. Let's open, let's open. I'm an asshole, and I'm proud of it. Oh, that has really pleased going away. Find a new way to attack the big go-home. And eat your whole home, then. Till you explode. Just like your fat fat churning ladies. Have you bite your seeds on a plane? Spilling your fingers that have got no stain from each other. Can't see your toes. After piggy poo knows how to be fat disgusting and tasty. Oh, hey. You make the child with women smile. They like the cows, fat and sassy. Things may be bad, so repulsive and bad. Your body cheese smells like a crab-lover. After it was occupied by head as their dealership. Or you get into your car. Lush it to the dim-wav. On a can squeal, on a can squeal. Fat, baby, live in with your lover less need. Sour and start to the tree between their meat and their Latino heast. Most wishy to me. That has a fun tune and it's moist and tasty. Hey. Shub those butt beads up my ass. Shub those butt beads up my ass. Shub those butt beads up my ass. Make my form go long and play go hot and with one top of the string. Shub those butt beads up my ass. Shub those butt beads up my ass. I appreciated it. I appreciated it. With only all that's fine. Shub those butt beads up my ass. Shub those butt beads up my ass. Shub those butt beads up my ass. Shub those butt beads up my ass. Shub those that beat up my ass. Yreating them to the aleg- As, but don't tell nobody, nothing is funny and laughing I might back. Shub goes but beats on my ass. Shub goes but beats on my ass. It should be okay, most what I ate ain't like me to give me gas. Shub goes but beats on my ass. Shub goes but beats on my ass can't go, but blasting calls, or have to call the paler medical game. Oh yeah. Box shoes, hello. We really like your f**k you. Whoa yeah. Box shoes, hello. We really like your f**k you. We really like the f**k you're a fine looking fascist and perfect little Nazi. I want to build their copy through your soil paintings. In the starting use, look at sluggins sweet. Blapping your lips like hand, call your roast beef. Box shoes, hello. Whoa. We really like your f**k you. Whoa yeah. Box shoes, hello. Whoa. We really like your f**k you. We really like the f**k you. You ever think about your adolescent? To your bitch, huh? You want to go to your bitch, huh? Three wait, sir. You're really going to go to your bitch, huh? You're a little too old to go back up. That little f**k you froze but they treat your f**k. I'll set in tastes like bubble gum. See you next time you need a story done. Since it takes them to the bubble to make you come. I'll use her the whole world. We'd really like to f**k you. Oh yeah. If I'm stews as a... We'd really like to f**k you. Hi, Felicia. Gee, I love your dress. Then your hair looks so shiny and manageable. Are you still shampooing with head and shoulders? Gosh, chick. I thought you'd be head and shoulders a long time ago. I mean, honestly, who grows hair on their shoulders anyway? Yeah, right. So, what are you using now? Well, it's like head and shoulders. Only without all those additives. It's just called head. Let's tell them about it, girls. If you tie your double-champing hair, I'll be late with you. Yeah, yeah. Just remember what I said. Yeah, yeah. You feel better if you get some hair. Wow, where could I get head? Lots of places, chick. You can stop by my place later and I'll be happy to give you some hair. In 50 minutes, I'll have you shampooed, siled, and blown dry. You don't miss a link, do you? Hands down, green. But is it expensive? Not at all, chick. My brother says there are places downtown where you can get head for less than $10. Dollars. At that price, everyone should be getting head. That's right, chick. When you say head, you set a mouthful. Hi, I'm Dr. Raymond Falad. From Freedom Island Street, here to Killing U. Why you should get head? First, at Lubricates, each limp hair follicle, leading an erect listening shaft. Then the scalp's natural oils are sucked out of the oil. Leading your hair soft, shiny, and exhausted. Nothing does the job like head. Great! Can I get head from my hairdresser, Bruce? Probably, but you might want to try your girlfriend first. So out and get some head today. Get a little work, go the long way. Get your love better and your feel to rip. Get a can, you get head, your lucky step. One hair with lots of volume. Nothing gets it up like head. Available little price, you won't find hard to swallow, and it's going down every day. Honey, we're out of the shampoo. Can you go out and get some head? What did you say? I said, I wanted to go out and get head. Oh, thank you, sweet Jesus. I'm going down down. And head makes a great holiday gift. Last Christmas, my wife gave me some head. Then I gave her a pearl necklace. I've never seen her so choked up. My girlfriend used to give me head, and then we got married. Now I'm lucky if I get a jargon's lotion and a national jewellery. When she starts, she won't want to stop. I can't feel the good. My club yachts have been in the shower. You want to come, and head alone, alone, alone, alone. She can try and have your coat and coat. I can't drop straight in and feel it slow. And yet, let's remember who won I said. I can't feel better because you get some head. You'll feel better because you get some head. Oh, yeah. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Head shampoo. Come on. Give it a shot. My hair looks great. I can use a nap. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Don't like all the hard burn. Don't go, don't get breath. Time to see. Don't go, don't go, don't go. Every time it's in which. Don't go, don't go. I'm a TV. He's president comes. Republic and muscle. And in our take is a pity. I don't know why. They won't want to die. But no need to do. First comes the net for years. With president thumbs. You won't fall in the lead. How long would I get to go? You know, both ones are small. And get to we all hold it long. Here you are, best. Don't go, don't go. Lift, strumming, stupid heat. Don't go, don't go. Time is drunk and rich yet. Don't go, don't go, easy, then. Don't go, don't go, don't go. You got him in by hook or rock or the Christian. No one does. You and I will help the people. Please, not a great leader. With president thumbs. What a great life man. You're right. This is good for everyone. The other thing we don't want to do is work the live with system of pun. But the stuff from my arms, we're a castle. 120, 50 north west, seven of the avenue in Miami. I have I don't even know. Seven will reach. Yeah. Item. Several will reach. Two kneelies, one white hot and several. And a partridge in a peer tree where they side by each. 549 vote. Maybe on our poll today. Pretty heavy duty. What's your take on yesterday's election results? What's your take? That wasn't very good. I was trying to work up a really good one. It was natural though. They're all a bunch of crooks 166. That was better. I'm ready to leave the country 159. I'm ecstatic 106. I'm dancing. I'm goose stepping 106. I'm so a saddle 68. I don't give a Schmidt 50. That's the lay of the land. Okay. Life goes on. We're trying to have a little party here today. We're at an extra 20 minutes on the Wednesday extra. I've against it because you're called suck. Hey, here's a place that's great. You like something plus so holy. Oh, fat. He was like, he's wiping his hands down here. Just like you know how to animal like Lixard's chop. After finishes eating a meal. He's rubbing the lard here. He's rubbing the lard here. He's going to end by the way. He's been doing a good job for us. There changed a couple of light bulbs. And fished my chair. And that was about it. But nevertheless, at least that's something. You know, and you're trying to kill him. He's our only hope. Our only engineering hope. And you're going to kill him with that them fatening food. All that fat leading bacon and white husk. And need to burn his good stuff though, isn't it? We like to eat, baby. We want to eat and eat and eat and eat. Speaking of that, do you like to watch book as your low carb sugar free Atkins a super store. That's right for those people who are like to eat. But they don't want to get so fat or stay so fat. People are desperately trying to lose weight on the Atkins. In fact, the Channel 4 thing, I think they were the champions that got all 30 pounds in a month on Atkins and just loved it. And they have a great new low carb cookies and stock at the light. So that's just one flavor. But 14 different cookies from three different bakers. Try them all because they were all outstanding peanut butter, chocolate chocolate chip, lemon, coconut, all sugar free or low carb. And of course, they'd like you can try these n anything else before you buy. And that's one of the great things about this store. Number one is completely dedicated with products for low carb and sugar free dyes. And number two, you can try anything on the store before you buy it. Try the new low carb bread. It's called simply low carb bread. Just spread on some of that new La Nuba jam. And you've got a great low carb breakfast. And as your official Atkins Retail Center, he likes a West Boca sells every Atkins product at 25% off today. Tomorrow, a week from Sockets Everyday. And of course, all of people are trying to like that channel for thing. A lot of folks out there still lose them right like crazy on the Atkins diet because it works. Your likes of West Boca's got a friendly knowledgeable staff. Leave it down the path to help to open everyday 10 to 10 on the corner of Glades in a 441. If you're really lucky, PD Laney won't be there when you go in. Call 1-877 low carb or see you on the web at low carb.com. And low carb. This is 4305-60. You win 2 AM. This is Steve Goldstein, but you can call me Gelldy. Whenever I'm in town, I listen to way to be an I am in town. It's the 12th or hour. Stop! Now go, L-Gore. I've never heard of a movie. Or you'll be here nominations will be Vice-President. This is Sunbrath. I've been watching you during that Makarana, Unbelvin. And if I could have your silence, I would like to just demonstrate for you. I'm a good boy, Gelldy. I'm a good boy, I'm a good boy. I'm a good boy. I'm a good boy. I'm a good boy. I'm a good boy. I'm a good boy. I'm a good boy. And you are a alarm goes off in the morning. Makarana. And one of your children reaches more cereal and fruit. Makarana. Makarana. Makarana. Makarana. Makarana. Makarana. Push-pour. Like a party now. Sully-gogi-goto-lix-lix-lix-lix. They call. And bring the link in the shop. As a sure-faker for daddy. They get high. Although most women, they can. Girls are guys, they spread their guns. They're the pride of the Push-pair. Push-pour. Really got it out. I've got a race with Christian family. Yes, please. I'm a good boy. I'm a sure-faker. Why must we have a take, Richie? I'm a good boy. I'm a good boy. Where's the dishman? Come on, come on. Come on. Come on. I'm a good boy. You should have a seat. You should have put the ball down. Not the ball. nios  toilet. Not the batter. For him, bow to your right wings, roll, shine in the shoes of white man, horse. For him, howl is the message he grows? Spread his cheeks to his torch. For him, howl is the message he grows? Stepping in fetching at the whim of his white man's old. For him, howl is the message he grows? He just doesn't need to put the globalist records. For him, howl is the message he grows? And of the top top sub-surveyor, cool! For him, howl is the message he grows? Up-wisping, black-same, full-clips-pump! For him, howl is the message he grows? Yo! Call him, call him, call him, call him, be a slave, need to grow. Call him, bow to your right wings, roll, shine in the shoes of white man's old. He can't have gone with his eyes, he can't have gone with his eyes. For him, howl is the message he grows? He says that it's not true, that he's ever used to take. Georgia times when he realized that he tried. He's good. What the republic is saying? He's a gay, he's an attempt to say this campaign. He's not his goal as a gay. And he would never play with the thing. Georgia now, let me do that and he's trying. Go gay. What the hell am I always good in my men? Do I have a nice back now? But I don't have a good rate to my brother. When you don't write men? It's too bad. There is such a thing as an attractive man, you know. Mo? What are you, no, you're crum? What are you some kind of fairy? Why don't you go for another monkey for the organ grind that I'm the whole? I'm trying to do it. What do you know about being queer and you're more honest? I've been writing enough to know the difference. Sorry, no, dad. See here, we're supposed to be talking about sports here. Not about good looking men. Just men in general and nothing else. This is sports radio over here. We love men. But I got to say you have a pair. Why just the other night I saw this commercial. I don't deny TV. When his guy was crawling out at the ocean. I'm this island filled with scripts that are broad. They looked okay. But this guy in the commercial, I would say in an objective sort of way. He was pretty cute. You're laughing. Did I give you queries to laugh? When this for a skit to eat moe. And the guy was crawling on the island. You don't even steal. Yeah, that's right. Are you asked me to be a threat to my audience? And you're still like fun, honey. You want to get fired again? That guy there had pinchable jaws. Who could've got their funny? That was huge. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. Morgan grind those monkey. You know, maybe I am in love with that mango much in speak. He certainly does make a very normal nose call like a neon rainbow. Hmm. Wanting you why it must have been just a reaction of suppressed truth about what we do. But I think that everybody know how much I want to get to his face. Get out of here, honey. You're all nuts. You're all. Hey, I can't move. Look at the bulging your pants, moe. Oh, no. If I move the wrong way out. Hey, everybody, moe must have this pants. I would love to do you, Crompton. Oh, that was moe. I'm at a Saturday, at 5.60. WCM is our extended Wednesday, annuna one hour. Comedy bits, the lecture 20 minutes. And mostly for lunch. And which dinner was I finished? That was great. It was sensational. I need a nap. James got a great line. One of our regular facu's Jane, our lawyer, Lola Losten, for a lot of notes. She says, P.S. At least to be publicans worth the only. Pigs to win. Good plane, Jane. Good point. A speaking of pigs and slabs. If your house is not looking in great shape because your carpet's really are nasty looking. If they're filthy and schmutzene, you haven't had them clean in a long time. Do yourself a humongous favor, especially now. Let's see. Let's see. It's the member of the six before Thanksgiving and Christmas. And Chinooka, New Year's all the holidays when people are going to be in the baby house and believe me when people come to your house, you know how it is. They look around. They want to make sure there's not a speck of dirt. Oh, anywhere in the house. Do I make sure there's not a spik in the house? And that's why you want those carpets looking just like Brandon and everything else too. Dry concepts can make it happen for you. Check out their website before you call it if you like a WWEW dot dry concepts dot com or take my word for it because I've been using them in my house for over 20 years. And like I always tell you, nobody in the world does it like they do. It's a patented exclusive method. They dry clean your carpets suck out the deep down. They make your carpets look sparkly new. They smell lemony fresh. They last longer and stay clean or longer too. A couple of hours your carpets are dry again and you're going to have a big smile on your post and don't forget to give you a written guaranteed price before we start doing the job. At dry concepts, they also do an unbeatable job. A senior furniture and drapery spot dying. Faber protection carpet repairs. Intline ORE and rug service. The organization completely water damage restoration too. So column at this toll free number. They'll be there on time and do a sensational job every time. Call 1-800-248-5071-182-485071 clean today. Entertainment night. Not just their slogan. It's their business at dry concepts. The local disease is 560. The reneus ORE's company. QAM. QAM. QAM. QAM. QAM. QAM. QAM. QAM. QAM. QAM. QAM. QAM. QAM. QAM. QAM. QAM. QAM. QAM. QAM. QAM. QAM. QAM. QAM. QAM. QAM. QAM. QAM. QAM. QAM. QAM. QAM. QAM. QAM. QAM. QAM. QAM. QAM. QAM. QAM. QAM. QAM. QAM. QAM. QAM. QAM. But the best part of me is the life I've had So I'm the way it was I'm the soul of nobody that I did today You're the one who never gave it to say You're the one who never gave it to say You're the best part of me Tonight on America under the covers We love it actor Bob Greene And the women he wouldn't judge Hello, I'm Bill Curtis Join me tonight As I wait my hands about uncontrollably And tell you about the women Bob Greene would not touch And if he was still alive The women he would not touch today Starting with an anacol Who even I would in touch with Bob Greene's thing Not to mention Sandra Bernhard Courtney Love, Pan Anderson, or Anne Colter I wouldn't touch any of those gangs with Bob Greene's thing Bob Greene himself turned down the likes of Beyonce Ruth Mully, the was still there Alice Gosley, Dory Fields Bob's family and Joanne Wirlay Who once played his wife on TV My hands are moving wildly now Although I'm starting to dance Mom, great The women you would not touch Tonight on America under the covers All my dawn around the Ramadan Ramadan Ramadan All my dawn around the Ramadan Ramadan All my dawn around the Ramadan Ramadan All my dawn around the Ramadan Ramadan All my dawn around the Ramadan Ramadan Ramadan All my dawn around the Ramadan Ramadan Ramadan All my dawn around the Ramadan Ramadan All my needs so I can't wear a scarf All my passion and passion and power the way I pray for a ventral death who picks it up with you And I'll give you a chance to have you my son In the sky on your next life I want you to die someday I'm running out of Ramadan Ramadan All my days proud of me I'm running out of Ramadan Ramadan I'm running out of grain this leaf No free time for you to die I'm running out of overtime All my dawn around the Ramadan All my dawn around the Ramadan All my days proud of me I'm running out of Ramadan All my dawn Around the Ramadan and Omar All my remaining Ramadan around the Ramadan All my dawn around the Ramadan All my dawn around the Ramadan Baby launch a couple minutes old Oh To order place we know And we know that of fella Whose first name begins with a There's one thing we all understand How cater won't be finished Until we blow up Pakistan We could chase him around forever With our tanks and all our troops But special forces are so tired Jumping through with our moves You'd probably need another airplane So let's cut out all the nonsense And go blow up Pakistan How catered to need a nuclear tank And why don't we stop for seafood And go blow up Pakistan And then the Lord said Let there be light and low There was light from the same people Who brought you the much beloved talking Bible Comes a new 10 volume set Brigently updated for the 80s Yes, it's the rapping bottle There was talk everywhere Then the man said light was there He said I've done good There's no doubt on the seventh day He just chilled out Genesis Genesis Beginning of that Beginning of this I'm never good-for-is And his word is Asked out Check it out It's a cow bull stocking And the more everybody Blightin' low tomorrow God lives down Said, now my fault Don't look back or you turn to solve That's why you took a piece Start at the free The cow came up and laid touchy Take a lift y'all Of a cheap y'all Imagine all the song All the parables Every sacred biblical word Interpreted by the finest soccer emcees Of all time Genesis Genesis We're doomed Raja The rapping bottle Making his word fresh Again When a story is too big For the other cable news channels Only one man is big enough to break it down And this scrumptious little soundbites It's Fatman on MSNBC Hi, I'm Jerry Fatman Tonight we'll see Karkeathen Into the problems on Wall Street But first I want to get this devil dog down Oh, damn I hate the rapper again We'd nice at 70 string Jerry Fatman Devours the issues of the day Like the Middle East Please Palestinians can blow up buses They can blow up schools But when they start blowing up delies That's when American East is getting ball Fatman on MSNBC The new show that can only be filmed in wide-screen I'm Jerry Fatman Tonight we'll have a round table We'll discuss it with Mr. Supporty Mr. Peter This is Butterworth, Fetty Crocker, and a special medical report from Dr. Pepper. That's tonight on the next, Futman. Right here on the food network. Jerry, this is MS-MEC. Boat. Right. Play, you're gonna finish those chips. Take one, go on. Also, combine. Okay. One, let them go. Fettin' it. There we go. Here you go. You make it, you make it, you make it, you make it, you make it, you make it, you make it. And then I'm gonna move on, and I'm gonna season up, I. take the wings, you make it, you make it, you make it, you make it to make it, you make it you make it, you make it, you make it, you make it, you make it, you make it, you become Mama MamaJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAHAalgiaJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJA trained..)ifiable I say I alive. I see who you're going to. Oh, hey. Oh, come, you don't wish it's not. I'm not that off the dark. I like Jimmy Smith. And I like that smoker strip. I like my suit, right? I am a huge type of guy. I'm a star, you, a star, you. I'm a star, you. I'm a star, you. Oh, come on, you. I like gochat chou. And I hide, I'm on a bike. She can suit with honey, I like that's what I like. I'm your rotation. This is a critical situation, cranes. Blanking and giving the selfie. That's much more my secret. Rust, me. Rust, you. Rust, that black, and frost, you. Rust, that you. I want me to tell you, Rust, that you. Oh, come on, you. Oh, come on. I'm down over here. Rust, me. Rust, me. Oh, Rust, me. Rust, you. Rust, that black, and frost, you. Rust, that you. Yes, my Rust, that you. Rust, you. I'm your story, you. I'm your sport, I'm your sport, I'm your sport. Rust, me. I'm your sport, I'm your sport, I'm your sport. I'm your sport, I'm your sport. I'm your sport, I'm your sport. I'm your sport, I'm your sport. I'm your sport, I'm your sport. I'm your sport, I'm your sport. I'm your sport, I'm your sport. I'm your sport, I'm your sport. I'm your sport, I'm your sport. I'm your sport, I'm your sport. Oh, the white folks hate the black folks, and the black folks hate the white folks. To hate all, but the right folks, is an oldest established rule, but during the national brotherhood, national brotherhood, lean on horn and sheriff park, are dancing cheap to cheap. Come to you, Lajazba. People you despise as long as you don't let them in your school All the poor folks hate the rich folks and the rich folks hate the poor folks all in my folks hate all your folks It's American as apple pie, but you're a national brother who ain't national brother who ain't new yorkers love the queth or Reekens cause it's Betty Sheek Step up and shake the hand of someone you can't stand you can tolerate him if you try All the Protestants hate the Catholics and the Catholics hate the Protestants and the Hindus hate the Muslims and everybody hates the Jews Butters Brother No brother who ain't gets national everyone smile at one another hood week be nice to people who are Inferior to you it's only for a week so have no fear Rocky grateful that it doesn't last all year What's up? 50 five six you know if you're the mad dog of one hankin three that we got what do we got? We got her a cool in a hotline. No, it's uh I'm on a wrong day Well, that's right the panther game the shifko panther preview That's seven o'clock panthers in a penguins 730 any cave from GA after the game in Joe and Mark overnight Joe's very wounded the book of Ryan what's been at least two grand a fly first class the biggest and then bring a nice gift to his wedding Joe's very upset about that I'll tell you guys that's not upset who's always happy you can weather the storm come rainers shine a matter who wins the elections Tom Laman and hell of Pontiac that's why they've been around for 35 years because Tom kind of like goes with a flow And he also don't mention flow flow braminies and I say oh, hello, it's a beautiful. Yeah, thanks flow. Oh, is it Mindy Anyway, the big neo Rogers deal is going on out hell of Pontiac save extra big dollars in all Pontiacs and GMC's in stock Just mention old neo Rogers say hey Neil is getting older never and they'll say all right. Here's the next extra extra discount How the Pontiac GMC at one thirty four one South, Tixie highway you s one across from the falls Tech the complete line of great GMC SUV's including that snap beyond void voted by motor trenders his SUV the year and the old who vibe as you be With the power of a sports car when you stopped out of Hall of Pontiac by the way Get a hold of Tom Laman and whisper in his ear Neil says you guys got the worst copies ever seen in his life and that covers a lot of territory to How it's also got a stupidest selection of dependable used cars trucks and SUVs and like I always say why do I always say because it's very important to you Because we have a lot of dead beats listening to the show cuz the show is free But if you're one of those people who just can't get credit for love or money They'll cut you deal somehow some way at Hall of Pontiac So get you the neo Rogers deal going on right now at Hall of Pontiac GMC right across from the falls and they prestigious Highly congested South, Tixie highway open every day seven days a week you can give a call at 305 2 3 8 40 40 so you know pick up that phone 305 2 3 8 40 40 Hall at Pontiac GMC who be professional grade Was it your With the sewer of his place Oh And everybody's all And everybody's all Where none of the girls feel on the hall I spent Billy's up, not to boys When you leave the house he'll jump But you're white walled And now just the memories And we know doesn't ever do We're all set, we're all set Damn, stay buried And everybody's all feel on the hall Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh I'm like, is she running? Well, hell, yes, I do I'm like, is she devoid all your time to it? And I'll just, well, stay out of here I'll take care of things Like in care of business I'm a BTOM, well, I'm a BTOM This Hillary from our insult Is the damn thing I ever saw Your roots with your little goofy talk Has soon never happened Into your so-cain You're my brother, no, I'm a Hillary We don't believe that you're a Yankee fan No, sir, we're don't be timid in a grass Hillary belongs to you, so Actually, you, hey, oh, oh, oh Hillary, Hillary The temperature is zero It is cold, it is so freaking cold And I cringe every time the wind blows In my pants, something is shrinking I'm so cold, I can't live sink Let's be cause it's zero baby And I cannot feel my toes There's a tingling in my fingers And my pride with parts of rules Oh, my nose is about to follow There's a cloud every time that I call And my hands are blue They are turning numb They might have you dead, my thumbs Let's be cause it's zero baby I can barely move my mouth over I'm a red heart that didn't love But first I need to be thought out That's the cause it's zero Thanks to the state of California, the Bonix has become an official language But on the East Coast in Brooklyn, Heizanix is ruling the streets You guys check up the f***ing bandbeams on that spot And get a load of her a pool club English translation, I really enjoy her company So last night I'd banged a hell out of this sh**k This real classy joint English translation, I made love to her in the back of my camera Yeah, yeah, I'm the main tenants director We're all the youth hang out English translation, I'm a janitor at the elementary school If you'd like to get your copy of Hooked On Pizonix Just stuff some money in a plain brown envelope And shove it under the back door of Mario's over on the west side And we'll be in time This Sunday, all the sopranos So what, no f***ing you know? Hey, well mate Fuck my f***ing, he's just this ass It comes the pros and cons Do you want to take the lips? Oh, what a tits Total f***ing boot You know mother f***ing He's got a real f***ing attitude problem When you kick me in a f***ing head, the words become blowing out your ass I'm pretty sure I'm getting a Toby There's two things I'm good at It's pulling fence A spot in good f***ing jobs I might not be able to let my own ass You know that you're going to the f***ing I'm not babbling it in Can you just shut the f*** up about it? You're gonna be a ass That would touch a f*** off Can't just stop under the vaporizer You're stupid motherf***ing, you know that? You f***ing piece of f***ing Oh, no, please don't start with that name business What the f*** is your problem? Oh, I don't f***ing audience with the bull I bet you're very good to your mother F***ing, you f***ing what? Yeah, f***ing you Can you f***ing me from f***ing day, huh? It's nothing but a f***ing racket for the gyms Is this Christ? How you doing? No, Zing It's your money, God I can't eat that It's got cholesterol Can I just get some macaroni and gravy? F***ing you F***ing you F***ing you F***ing you I don't like that kind of talk Everybody ask what I'm mouth off F***ing this, I'm going to boker Welcome back to the highly rated, Mohalada David of the show I'm holding to my own, it's a navigation Okay, stupid, more worry You're with the wing it Oh, bro, you were doing that to me Oh, yes, sorry, mate That's better Oh, wrong day Oh, Chris Nick, I didn't see you could play that yet Okay Oh, Dave How you? Chris Cut I'm running Run, Dave Get's be That's just it That I'm my watch, you Cut A run, Dave He's a prettiest So, what's up with the kung fu grip Sorry, Mohal Then we got one of our three very important coolers on the line Here, we can't get away, I'm what you want Can I hear it? I'm more than you, I just hear it Come on, spin it out What's up, Dave? Oh, I'm just gonna say the goddamn thing is saying What are you doing? I'm playing with the very poker, I'm all hit down Oh, that's quite a distingful Why are you sometimes? You're me out I'm your Can't you be me I'm a bad guy I'm a bad guy I'm a bad guy Almost there, see, or I think All right, Dave How are you? Hey Hey, Dave Run, run, run, run I'm your only, I'm your only I'm your only, I'm your only Oh, I'm your only You don't All right Oh Oh, look at that Look at it all over my weight Twenty one till noon at five till noon Don't say that until one All brother, that'd be bad news Mad dog will be longer, what a clock To hump we're at three got the Panther hockey game tonight. And all that stuff. Hey, if you love your home, but you just don't have enough space to do all the things you need to be doing. Here's the answer for you. Do a hundreds of other people to smart people like little Georgia do in call strictly additions. Whether you have an a baby, need another room, maybe you're converting a carport or patio and living space. Maybe you're going to business for yourself and want to make a home orifice. Well, here's the answer. Just pick up the phone and call strictly it. Seriously, next time I say that, I'm just getting up and walking out. So pick up all. There you're one stop shop, more space for your place. Place with an absolutely worth your approach to expanding your living space. Those know shows by the contractors, uh-huh, ain't going to happen. In complete work, no chance. No unexpected bills, no worries about the job not getting done right. And they take care of every single last detail. They drop your blueprint. They get the building permits, handle all your inspections, too. strictly this is got that very easy. It's a simple five step approach to total customer satisfaction. They want you to be satisfied. First of all, they call the schedule of free project to vibration employment at your home where a project is made and will determine the exact scope of your addition. Secondly, schedule a bit of employment in their convenience or a more you'll get a detailed proposal and an exact price to the penny for the work. Third, select your finishing touches. Go to contract for three view of the Zahnar contextual drugs. Then fifth, last and most definitely not least, just sit back with a smile on your posts and relax. As your dream edition moves ahead on schedule with unbeatable quality. It's as easy as, uh, one, two, three. Gifts strictly doesn't recall it. You can see there are the other pages if you like this. The name was Laya. She was a princess with a Danish on each year. And I think it's right here. So I do think too. I'm van Kenobi. Oh, we have to put this desktop land into the rebellions hands. So we can only one had to get to all the runs. So they stopped into more wisely to have a drink. We're going to have to put this desktop land into the rebellions hands. We're going to have to bring with fun. After start was a dollar's kept in no sense. No weird screeches. You've never seen an East Atlas Star Wars star Wars. Star Wars kept in no. Music and my Superman, oh, Jedi, masses and the Star Wars. We're happy with our solar. I'm so happy. We're the pilot. We're the Factor at a star. We're going to smile well, watch that. Why there went to Focker. He won the walkie. They met with Luke in Obi-Wan about the millennium. Fuck, I'm docking by 94. Don't truth or Zaptor. With the flash of Benzlight. Then come and then on. Of the world. And the stars. Star Wars kept in no sense. No weird screeches. You've never seen a... Star Wars Star Wars. Star Wars kept in no. Music and my stars and no Jedi, masses and the Star Wars. Of Ice, Space, or... We'll never find the more Richard Hive and it's a couple of men for the name. It's the court. His name was Yoda. He was a mobbed. Yeah! Don't pity what's so bad and by the way he's Luke's dad. Luke is his sister. His hand got gone all out. In that gossip on far away. Luke has had a lousy day. But that was so neat. Jouber had bad hygiene. Oh fuck. Why didn't they all just relax? Back on time. Twoeen at the Star Wars. Star Wars kept in no sense. No weird screeches. You've never seen a... Star Wars. Star Wars kept in no. Music and my stars and no Jedi, masses and the Star Wars. Of Ice, we'll be with you. Oh, we're... Star Wars. And... See you. Oh, we're... We're... Star Wars. Oh, we're... Oh, we're... And... Star Wars. Thank you, Dyson Head. Follow me, Dyson Head. Thank you, Dyson Head. Follow me, Dyson Head. Follow me, Dyson Head. Follow me, Dyson Head. Follow me, Dyson Head. Yeah. Then I put these guys in heaven, Jouber. And this pussy has full lit of gone correctness. And I'll grab them full, Dyson Head. I'll round the big, bentos. And shove it up, Mr.iks. Please do! I'll keep these guys in balance, stay with dyson head. Don't need a stick or buy me some you know. Don't need a stick and buy me some and buy some, incessantly, I just youin' not perceive onto a business. My heart not have that sort of li- Don't stab inquire, just throw me down. We put a retarded girl in our all new machines to be hated show you how well it drives Our agency thought this would move some product out of the show room. Look at her go. This is funnier than watching retards at the park. If someone had severely retarded, you can have that much fun and end of it. Back in the day when someone done a strong, we didn't take their crowd. In Pearl Harbor when the japs dropped their bombs. We found them bad, and now the soddies they hit us hard. And on our cars our little flat wave. As the soddies lovin' retired points of bombers the wrong way. And on a barris to be in America where they find the bullshike sheets. The united states of arrogance, and by bush and its family breathing on this country. Up, abling doors to the darkest days in my history. I don't want to be a packs of mariners. In the goddamn USA. What's a few thousand innocent lives stop living in the mess. If you want that SUV to drive, you're gonna need more gas. It's the greatest country in the world. They train us too, will we? And anyone who says that obviously, and so forth to be. And not embarrassed to be in America where we paid three of them if we. We've a flagged one has with our head in the sand. And lightly follow the powers that he had the fantic. Up, watching states produce on a 65 in screen. Scratcher balls and pie, everything's okay. And for God, damn USA. I'm a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who's a man who she always does. Every time he comes to me he was right up for me fostering a man thy people and then TEAM I him I I Meet for Buffalo State's Family walls his hearts a one-nine-six, that's the obviously the correct answer. I'm ready to well leave the country 180. I'm ecstatic one-six-teen. I'm a suicide lady too, and I don't give a Schmidt 52. My and local, we're sports radio-56y-c-u-a-n-u-a-n. Camel and rape me. Roll another plot. He I know why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why..you seem just going to be the one, get you! Get yourselves , right now! You've gotta go, at your heads! Ahhh why, no! Where are you going to be? Who's going to be with you? We're going to get you what? The editorial editor heading for the regular topic. What the sensational way to posed you? That's going to the fundraising story.