It's all a hot-ion poke you together. It's how fluid is only real sourcing shit. I'll kill you QAM with Miami Fort Lauderdale. Uh-huh. There's a podcast group session. I'm going to QAM.com. And thanks for stepping up for the plate being accountable, Mal. Not. Hey, Ming! What the hell am I always good right to my men? You have a nice fat Mal? I sure. But I don't have a direct to my broadness. Women don't write men? And it's too bad. There is something as an attractive man, you know. Mal? What do you know, your crum? What do you have some kind of fairy? What does your girlfriend and your monkey fool you all can write it down a whole? I'm not a queer. What do you know about being queer and your moron? I've been writing nothing on a different story, Mal. Now see here. We're supposed to be talking about sports here. Not about good-looking men. Just men in general and nothing else. This is sports radio over here. We love men. But I got to see how a pair of men have a pair. I just the other night I saw this commercial on overnight TV. When his guy was crawling out at the ocean sea. On the silent film and scripted, that abroad, they looked okay. But this guy in the commercial, I would say in an objective sort of way. He was pretty cute. You're laughing. Did I get to play a slamp? When this was a scripted, you ate mo. And the guy was crawling on the island. You thought he was cute? Yeah, that's right. Are you wearing a seat of the object? I have a waist and you're still my funny. You want to get fired again? That guy there had pitiful jaws. You could've been a two goddamn funny. That was huge. You can run this monkey. You know, maybe I am in love with that mango much in stick. He certainly does make the ring where my nose come. Like a meon made go. One thing who why it was a bit just a reaction of suppressed the truth about me. But I keep the hint, but you know how much I want to have to do with this. Get out of here, Horm. You're all nuts. You're all. Hey, I can't move. Look at the bulging your pants, mo. Oh no. If I move the wrong way out. Hey, everybody, Mom has this pants. You're a bit of a doya crumb. Oh, that's what you know. I know 3 to 5, 60, WDQ, I am happy. I went into it. And we have a little bit of a contotomps on our pool for me yesterday. You notice? I'll come up here in that echo. I don't know. Oh no. You've got to be joking me. It's just one away real fast. So sorry. How come I'm here? That's Carlos again. You know something 18 strikes in your out Carlos. And I think for you that was like number 20 just now. Anyway, look at that 1237 floats. Man, oh man. See you little cows out there. They like to play the games with our pool. They like to yank our pool and twist our pool and, oh, brother. Eric loves them. He must be giving them kickbacks. Yeah, it must be it because he's making extra money. Every time they get out there, they're in the dick around. If you know what I'm saying. On by the way, speaking of small village night. Hey, me. It's your was. Every five minutes. Every time you got a little bit hot out of the collar. So to speak, it was there. Everything was burning down. How do all the air conditioners and talent break at the same time? I don't know. You just need and how does Lex Luther get married like in five minutes after finding that teacher. They must be in Vegas. That could be it. And anyway, it was a pretty exciting last night. Not as that what we thought it was going to be. They always give it the big build up. And then there's a let down. You know, I thought we were going to like actually at least. At least find out how long it was. But then he rate. And that's what Lama thought to it. And she was really it burned up at the end. She was pissed off and fired up and poor Chloe. And now she's she's squeezing him and grabbing him and Yankees and she ain't got to get it. She'll ever take a look at it. And next week, you see the preview at the end. Of course, with the spaceship and the spaceship. Now, looks like about the size of a teacup. It's sitting out there in the middle of a field somewhere. And it's about the size of a teacup. And they find it out in the field. And that creates lots of problems for Clark. Now, that's why I was talking about on A and E two nights ago. That to our special about child actors. And all that other crap was good show. So they didn't have somebody from the duke's a hazard. I figured who it was. I guess a little punky kid. Who still just is ugly as he was back then. Only even worse. Don't know. But in any rate. So they showed some little clips of duke's a hazard. When John Schneider was like, I'm going to tell you seriously. John Schneider looked so good in those clips. Even though that could have been one of the worst shows in history. A television night was so bad. I didn't even watch it. Even with him on doubt. I couldn't watch it. But never to last. Never. I bet you Joe Costello watched that show though the re-roll. Well, because it's right up his alley. Anything with a car in it. You know, he probably watched the moment David Hanselhap. What was that car night writer? Night writer. Yeah. So anyway, David, what was his name? John Schneider looked so good in those days. He made Tom Welling look like fat boy. Like, look like the beast. That's how a good John Schneider looked by comparison. He ain't looking to great now though. You know, this season he started looking like really warm and haggard. Nope. Yeah. And I thought he kind of looked like Murlhagard last night. Anyway, he had a lot of problems there. And what actually happened after she breathed into his pussy. You know, we kind of went away when she put that wicked breath into his pussy. And he was kissner. I wonder something happened. Scourge court. But we'll never find out because that would be bad. So anyway, getting back to our poll today. 1246 votes of which minimum 200 fakes. And let me tell you right now. Right about eight o'clock last night. 11 o'clock just before I went to bed. I watched them pump and crank in a crank votes in chunks. Chunks. Chunks. Chunks. And then this morning from the time I came in here around 6 30 until just recently. So even though it says don't get all panicky when you look at the poll result on your roofing. Because unfortunately, Moha has to be disqualified. Sorry about that old Mo. Nice try. All the cranks on there. Of course it's interesting that he's got them on his side, you know. I think there's something appropriate about that. Oh, it's not hard. It's just anything to be contrary. Poll question was, who was your favorite dolphins radio play by play an ounce of all time? And the real result is since we're going to deduct those 200 phony votes? I don't give a crap about that often. It's 295. Rick weaver 253. The weaver mice to wins. Bill's in for 209. I don't listen to the games on radio 173. And when adjusted for 200 crank votes, Moa sucking up behind win with 116. And I think I'm being generous by saying the return of crank vote. There was like 130 well we're still on the area. Stay at the end of the show. And boy you guys, you pump them in there in chunks. You're not smart enough to do it other ways. You're just cranking them in there in chunks chunks in chunks all over the place. Have to get them mop and clean it up. So anyway, here it is. It's a wins day. Now how come I mean, muff was just in there if you see him clearance? No, not yet this morning. They keep refaxing me these schedules and they can't get it right still. Because I heard Moa say this morning that Joe rose the little dog was on for the amount of mad dog. Why is that because the manage is effing off again today? They probably be his reason. More power to him. This one mad dog. That's why to do it. And the humper it says on here 3 to 6 30. And then 7 o'clock we got the crow and on another pre baseball playoff games, which would leave us 6 30 to 7 like naked. See what I'm saying. So I think the humpers got a whole four hours show again. Two days in a row, which is pretty heavy duty. I hope he's taken his vitamins. Here's our pull question today. And of course today is October 2nd. You realize the election is only just slightly over a month away. Yes. If the election were being held today, who would you vote for for Florida governor? Now we did want to be for where we had Jan or Reno and there remember there? Yeah. Well she's out. She's out there, drabner red pickup around. In fact, she's drabner one at Lana. I heard she's almost got caught. She's going back in the closet. Now you said she was out. Anyway, here's the pull question. If the election were being held today, who would you vote for for Florida governor? Bill McBride. Jeb Bush or I wouldn't vote. Those are the only choices. And of course we could put pop kunst on there too, but we won't. Since he's wasting all that fast paper of yours down there and sending it to those factors, we don't care Bob, give it a rest. Okay. Stop with the ego trips. Go get it on his job. Before they stick your ass in a pine box. Just one or two days in your life. Give it on his job, Bob. You can write it on your resume. They could put it on your tombstone. He worked for a week. Instead of standing on corners, giving out bumper stickers. And the latest cause, 11 of the day. Man, who the hell is this? Faggot kidding, huh? If the election were being held today, who would you vote for for Florida governor? Pretty simple. It's straightforward and straight up there. And what just happened to CNN go off on my thing? Yeah, CNN just disappeared. Well, it's good for time. Everywhere. Why, went out there too? Yep. All right. That's an element. Maybe the mouse just got involved there, huh? Maybe Mickey just shut it off. In fact, next thing, next picture probably will pop up. There will be Uncle Remus, the blue you're looking at right now. That's the face. Yeah, pretty dark. Look at that. There haven't seen this problem. Yeah. Yeah. Anyway, Bill McBride, Jim Bush, I wouldn't vote. Pretty straightforward like I said, right there right back at you. I get that other crap off of the resume as possible, please. Now the bulk of Brian this did show up yesterday, which is magnificent. It's called bulk of Brian restitution and mold bits volume one. With little introduction to back by rich factor. I certainly hope that the ones that we set up have got a better, uh, These would get emos. I'm sure you see just one by some. I think on a backer, a few words, a few words missing on a back there, rich factors introduction. We don't want to miss any words that he has to say, do we? Oh, like I said, but the liner notes. And then of course on the inside when you open it up. It's a surprise. Yeah, it's just now it's not a surprise. It's something else. I was a problem. I have pali and there's a big huge, uh, fact. Look at the teach on eddy cow, huh? Where does he find this, the man? And it's sitting on the throne. It looks like he is hard to tell because this old body is covering up the abode. But never let it look like he's sitting on the throne. Hi, pali. So there's like a little opponent there when you open up the CD. So anyway, go to mirroredures.com. Keep checking it out and the sooner or later by the end of the day. Erick will have that on there with a new book of Brian CD. Or if not, you know, that's the way it goes, Eric. Which is a nice donion. Sharon and secret contacts with palestinians. The contacts were facilitated by a country, which has no diplomatic ties to Israel. The United Arab Emirates. The unnamed palestinian officials he met with could play a prominent role in a future palestinian leadership as Israel, the US. And increasing number of palestinians are agitating for a new administration. This is in the Israeli paper Ma'aw Reeve. How do you like that? Paul Ivy who now heads an national security council as a company Sharon on his three-day trip to Russia with started on Sunday. There's a sentence that is missing in here for some strange reason why I printed it out. But I'm doing the rest I can't. The moment in January, palestinian parliamentary speaker Ahmed Kurai also known as Abu Alah. Well, that sounds like Al-Aqmaid to ride on it. Okay. Abu Alah. The number two of the palestinian liberation organization Muhammad Abbas. And the palestinian leader, A.S. or Arafar Tsikonomic advisor Muhammad Rashid. The meeting was held by the Arafar's blessing. Came up with no solution they protected palestin uprising, which is now but underway for two years. The Intifada. For your father, for your father. At the start of September, Sharon said he was ready to meet with senior palestinian officials on the request of the official. Who knew about name well? There you go. They're holding their meat behind closed doors. Good. And they better get something resolved pretty soon before aerial eats it. You and inspectors ignore US call to put a rack mission on hold. US experts push the head yesterday with talks on to return of weapons inspectors to Iraq. Sickening and agreement with Baghdad is spotty US call to put the inspections on hold. I loved the word they used. They said that they were ready to thwart. Did you notice that? Yes. They wanted to thwart the inspectors return. US Secretary of State Cole and Pal said late Monday that UN weapons inspectors should delay any mission to Iraq. Until the UN Security Council finished deliberations on a possible resolution that would tighten up the inspection regime. But UN weapons chief weapons inspector Hans Blix made clear as he returned to you in offices in the end of our second day talks with Iraqi officials. That is marching orders came from the UN's top decision making body and not from Washington. I'm asked by the Security Council to do this job and I'd be doing it said Mr. Blix. We're moving forward with our discussions out of our mandate and we'll, of course, take into account any directions from the Security Council. Said spokesman Melissa Fleming of the International Atomic Energy Agency. We're moving forward with our business. We have to proceed as if we'll return she said. Why do UN experts reported progress during the first day talks on Monday? Mr. Pal never left her to Kosh's tone saying that Mr. Blix had wait for the Security Council that it's final safe. And they said to you to give me a raspberry. Maybe the raspberry got to get him on the job. Okay. That's shocking that he calls all the shows on his face. Not she told me. Yes, I feel much better about that now. Man who never sleeps just spends his entire life. You think it's bad enough for the crank voters on our pull. We got to gather grassberry guy calls round a clock. Joe and Markey calls every show on a station off the air and back at him. And today being Wednesday, I almost forgot. We got our big noon to one hour and heels bits between noon and my way. Which is a nice reprieve and I stressed right in the middle of the week. It's excellent and well deserved if he acts me. He is there still anybody out there who isn't playing at VIP Sportsbook.com. And I better tell you you're missing out on a really great sportsbook you're plunging in a wrong place. You hear a lot of ads these days, but you need to do some research before you put down your heart and cash at some unstable third world sportsbook like out there on West Flagress 3 to somewhere. Let me help you out. VIP Sportsbook.com is the only book to be unanimously endorsed by the industry watchdogs. They're Dutch based and one of the first online sportsbooks. So if you go on a roll of a lifetime, you want to be a working with the best sportsbook in the world, which is of course like we've been telling you for a long time now. VIP Sportsbook.com. The football season is in full force. We got that big dolphin patriot game coming up Sunday. So you need to be with the best VIP Sportsbook.com. Open an account online and get you a 15% cash on a bonus. And did I mention to have the highest probably odds you'll find up to 2001? No. Well they do. So get over to VIP Sportsbook.com and play it a book with class. Pumps to your hearts content. Call us number toll free. 1-866 VIP Betts. VETTS. 1-866 VIP Betts. And you can also sign up online and get that 15% cash bonus just by logging on to VIP Sportsbook.com or you be the VIP. 1-866 VIP Betts. 1-866 VIP Betts. 1-866 VIP Betts. 1-866 VIP Betts. 1-866 VIP Betts. 1-866 VIP Betts. 1-866 VIP Betts. 1-866 VIP Betts. 1-866 VIP Betts. 1-866 VIP Betts. 1-866 VIP Betts. 1-866 VIP Betts. 1-866 VIP Betts. 1-866 VIP Betts. 1-866 VIP Betts. 1-866 VIP Betts. 1-866 VIP Betts. 1-866 VIP Betts. 1-866 VIP Betts. 1-866 VIP Betts. 1-866 VIP Betts. 1-866 VIP Betts. 1-866 VIP Betts. 1-866 VIP Betts. 1-866 VIP Betts. 1-866 VIP Betts. 1-866 VIP Betts. 1-866 VIP Betts. 1-866 VIP Betts. 1-866 VIP Betts. 1-866 VIP Betts. 1-866 VIP Betts. 1-866 VIP Betts. 1-866 VIP Betts. 1-866 VIP Betts. 1-866 VIP Betts. 1-866 VIP Betts. 1-866 VIP Betts. 1-866 VIP Betts. 1-866 VIP Betts. 1-866 VIP Betts. 1-866 VIP Betts. 1-866 VIP Betts. 1-866 VIP Betts. 1-866 VIP Betts. 1-866 VIP Betts. 1-866 VIP Betts. 1-866 VIP Betts. 1-866 VIP Betts. 1-866 VIP Betts. 1-866 VIP Betts. 1-866 VIP Betts. 1-866 VIP Betts. 1-866 VIP Betts. 1-866 VIP Betts. 1-866 VIP Betts. A conservative Benx. 1-866 VIP Betts. 1-866. 1-11 sectors. 2-4ливers. 1-666 VIP Betts. 1-866 VIP Betts. 2-4bell. you vote for for Florida Governor, Bill McBride, Jeb Bush, I wouldn't vote or more Howard David. Oh, about just how he needs to be on there? Yes. He couldn't win this other one yesterday. We move on. One is in track of the at least 200 phone votes. In fact, if you only take away the 130 votes that we knew were bogus as at the end of the show yesterday, he still comes in third behind Rick Weaver and Zimper. I'd like that. A distant third. But nevertheless, keep working at him all. Okay, you'll get a right. It's not that they don't like your play by play. Work. You see what I'm saying? It's not that they don't like his work on the games. It's just they don't like him at all. At any rate, so make sure he gets it because I see he's working on it right now. In fact, it might be kind of cute. Almost the little bit of the way it is on my home page here where it says, if the election for Governor being held a day hoody vote for and he still got Rick Weaver, Bill's him for, et cetera. That inspired me to add most name to the list for Governor. What about how not? Write in vote. I'll tell you one thing. I vote for him before I vote for Bob Coons. He's going to win. Who's that Bob Coons? No. Oh, you mean Bob? I'm fine. At least that's some place for people to go to the same 1200 votes again. TV's putty vise did debates as McBride aid. They're pissed off and fired up about our close personal friend Michael Putney from Channel 10. You know, good old, Michael Putney who's kind of like the Joseph Gaki of TV politics? Yes. Good guy. No personality. His bland as vanilla pudding. His bland as tapioca. Oh, it's big on tapioca. Why haven't got my nestle's turtleneck today? I walked into my supermarket. I screamed out. Take me to your leader. That's LITRE. A. Yeah. And sure enough, I bought me a leader of a nestle's turtleneck scream and a jar of hot fudge. And that sounds great. And it was great. And what I did is I got my little bowl and I'd like to spoon it in there like in thirds. I did three different little sessions, you know. And that was that's what I ate all day yesterday. Nothing else. And I lost a pound. Oh, that's great. Yeah. Didn't have wild wicked diarrhea or anything like that. I think I'm doing it. You sprinkle some Uncle Sam cereal in there. No, I did not. Now cereal's a poison. See, you just want to learn. You refuse to learn. The cereal'd be bad. It's got all that horrible trans fatty acids in it. But at any rate, so like, you know, you put, you put a little bit in the bowl and you take spoon some of that hot fudge on there and then you stick the bowl in the microwave for 12 seconds. And boy, kind of like it's all mushy together in there. Oh, man. That is so much better than sex or anything else. That is just a to die for. In fact, I think probably Clark Kett is digging in the some turtles right now. TV's putty bavis did the bates as McBride aid moments after last week's debate between Democrat Bill McBride and Governor Jeff Bush. Oh, see, he didn't put the other choice on there yet. Come on, get with Eric. We call them little little show up. Just calm down. Moments after last week's debate between Democrat Bill McBride and Governor Jeff Bush, the McBride campaign last out at the moderator for accusing WPLGTV's Michael Putney of bias in favor of the governor. The campaign communications director Alan Stone sigh for let the message on the voice mail of Putney's producer calling the veteran reporter a little weeb. Oh, what would weeb? As kind of like a little dwarf. Now those frustrations are avoiding over into emails being sent across the state. Letters to newspaper editors a column in the online magazine salon and a suggestion that Bush knew would advance the questions that would be posed by random Floridians. How do you like that, huh? He can fix the elections. He can fix the polls. He can fix the debates. He fixes everything. The fix is in. The evidence is the now famous Sylvia Scott of Miami, whose name Bush mentioned minutes before she was introduced with her query. Stone's after state yesterday that the campaign is not behind the allegations that Bush knew about Scott, but he reiterated complaints that Putney gave Bush more opportunities for rebuttal than McBride. Specifically, when Stone's after approach Putney immediately after the debate Friday night, he complained about Putney's question to Bush about whether the governor was describing pride as a classic tax and spend big government kind of guy. The governor looked surprised by the question and replied, kind of sorta. We got a lot of questions and complaints which are really ongoing. Stone's after said, I was expressing that view as well as my own if the governor wanted to call Bill McBride a tax and spend liberal, he can do it in his own words. Stone's after said he was also unhappy about an op-ed piece by Putney that appeared in the headlines of 10 to 25, just two days before the debate raising questions about McBride's choice of Senator Tom Rosson as a running mate. McBride, though, in an interview yesterday on Channel 10, downplayed his campaign's own criticism of Putney's saying sure, he sure that Putney didn't try to be biased one way or the other. Putney considered the dean of Florida television political reporters and, otherwise, kind of like the Alan Burke of TV political reporters in South Florida, said yesterday the charges of bias are absurd. He said he reviewed the tape of the debate and didn't fact find that Bush received more rebuttal time, but that can be explained simply. He said because McBride was on the attack more often. As a reporter for 36 years in a political reporter in South Florida for the past 25, I know that when one candidate attacks another whatever the format, fairness dictates that where it's appropriate the first not a potentially given a brief chance to reply, he be saying. Putney explained that Bush mentioned Scott early because the Jacksonville TV study where the debate was held, lined up the next question around a TV monitor in front of the candidates, Bush happened to look at the monitor early, but he said, salon magazine columnist Joe Connison questioned yesterday with Bush had extraordinary psychic powers or had learned something he shouldn't have known before the debate. The Florida Democratic Party is keeping out of the fray, though spokesman Ryan Banfield said he's received calls about Sylvia and complaints that Putney was overly deferential to the governor. I have great respect for Michael and the Florida news network Banfield said adding, I'm not as concerned as to whether the governor knew the questions, it's the answers he gave the trouble me. It seems like he's not in touch with the average clearly in Banfield said, for it's part of Bush campaign station to work in front of a TV set Tuesday arm of the stopwatch and tape of the debate, campaign's tally 21 minute 23 seconds for the governor, 24 minutes 47 seconds for McBride. Republican strategists, yes, that McBride's can't complain to the work of a rookie team picking the wrong fight, engaging in ego max with the most important reporter at the region's top rated TV station is not likely to help McBride run over South Florida voters. It says here is if that makes a difference. This is in the Harold, by the way. You think it's going to make a difference? Oh, like the voters out there are going to vote for somebody based on whether or not they're picking on Michael Putney. I don't think they give a flying crap. Michael would order me, spec, you are good guy, you're boring as hell, and I'm not going to go on your show at any point ever in history, but nobody cares about you. You don't want to say. I mean, we wish you all the best and all that stuff. But your small potatoes, nobody gives a flying flick. 926 at 560 WQA, and like I said, I thought last time we're going to have a new Milky way. George Gord and I won't seen early in the show, you know, when they were watching that set, I clicked that, oh, boy, and our post gives a little bit old to be in sex head, wouldn't you think? Yeah, you're never too old for that. It's like the lead, though. Yeah, once Clark saw those sperm starts swimming rapidly, boy, he started like, just the Gord's Gord's Gord losing it. They were flaming all over the goddamn place. Well, like I said, maybe next week. Maybe we'll get a glimpse of it next week now. There's never been a better time to buy a new home or refund answer you're existing. Home, how about a way to three? Well, we want to find out if that thing about the big feet is correct or not. Like we had that story yesterday, that big feet is. There's never been a better time to purchase a new home or refund answer existing. One, how about this boys and girls? How about a way to 3.95% that's right. Financial group can offer you an unprecedented 3.95% by just your picking up the phone and calling financial group at their toll free number. 1-8-9-4-0-L-E-N-D. That's 1-89-4-0-53-63. The money you're going to save is absolutely all-wear-fly. Unbelievable. Think about it. You can get a hundred thousand out of loan for only 150 bucks a month or a 200 thousand out of loan for only 150 bucks a month. The process is simple and you'll save yourself in the long run thousands of dollars this year and each year. So pick up the phone and call our good piezons, our palies. At the financial group at 1-800-9-4-0-L-N, there's never been a better or smarter time to get you a low interest rate. Call financial group and you'll be on your way to big savings. The financial group has an equal housing lender. Credit restrictions do apply and rates are subject to change. So call right now while you think it about it. Call 1-800-9-4-0-L-E-N-D. That's 1-800-9-4-0-53-63. Fly and local. We're sports radio 560-U.A.M. Oh god Neil. Our line casino radio 560-W-U-A.M presents Captain Moe Veyn-Aru. The ratings for the sports format were so bad. We had to start paying the sponsors. And when the only three listeners we had has to get paid for listening well, we thought we'd give this a drive. And all our boys and girls, this is our old little baby Captain Veyn-Aru. We got to your full duck at the moisten of my argument over here. Er, this thing's... I would not be doing this boys and girls. I was a big star at one time seeing, but I gotta tell you kids. We've been in paradise saying cheap. I need the check and the stand. Let's see if we got over here. Get some great paper. We'll fingers up out the door. What in Captain? We want green jeans to go on. Aren't you gonna say good morning to our friends? They're right. Morning moves. They call you new Mr. Moots. There's our big home, brother Moots. And when they hear it, the man dingle man. You be dissonant. Nah, nah, nah, nah, I pipe down, pal. You will lose a little right by me. Got the good, strong loins from a proper breed. I don't know what you just say. That's what you're stupid at it. Dad! Now we're gonna make something out of this great paper. Understand that you'll pay maybe later. I'll pull a link source that just out of my pants. Okay? You don't pay. Right now. Here's the paper. I'm gonna need sheets of one green jeans. I'll take two. Ooh. So let's just take a... It's a joke, you moron. Oh, I'll take one for me. I'm gonna need for you Mr. Moots. We're home, too. Ten sheets of paper. Look at this black ass monkey over here. He wants ten sheets, ten sheets of paper. Or like a loser, you pal. Paper, don't come cheap, you dumb kids. Ooh. What you expect to fool about, go and cut your famous room. Oh, me out here, please. You sped! Hey! Please, you're green jeans. Around my ankles. Where we want yours to be. Put them down, green jeans. Oh, no. Not again. You're gonna... You're gonna... You're gonna... You're gonna be... You're gonna be... You're gonna be... You're gonna be... You're gonna be... You're gonna be... You're gonna be... You're gonna be... You're gonna be... Just wait until you can't get any better and it does. I'm 32 if I'm 60, WQA, I'm happy Wednesday, too. We got that big noon to one hour today. With a little bit of levity as we try to lighten it up a few shades. And then am I corrected? I hear more right today than they bring in a revised schedule. See, the new deal is now that we got 18 program directors. Then we're gonna have the battle of the schedules. I think Muff is gonna make out one schedule. And Claire's to make out another one. Then we'll like pick and choose whichever one we like to best, whichever one we believe. So we have to get a great idea. Of course. Because I heard Mosaic that Joe Rose is still in for the A man dog today is what I'm hearing. And Mold wouldn't lie, would he? Well, that's beside the point. I think he got there right. Hank will be on three a seven and we got that playoff baseball stuff. 60 votes already in our floor to Governor Paul. If the election be held right now, Bill McBride 36, Jeff Bush 14, Mohour David 6 and I won't vote for. And speaking who do you vote for? Here's some marine dows column in today's New York Times. Can Hillary upgrade question mark? Watching Robert Touriceli missed and knew as he was turned from the bosom of the send gave me new pause over that old question. Our men biologically suited to hold political office and leadership positions. We have the torch dousing himself and self pity and wondering, why nobody will forgive him for something he claims he never did. And with a sugar daddy who drift him in a tad and make clothes and tiff any bubbles. We've got a cheerful and rukomo getting the vapors and being led away from the governor's race on the strong arms of Bill Clinton and Charlie Wrangle. And Jeff Bush crying whenever his daughter is busted. We've got Tom Dacheln and a lipstick pink tie practically having a drama queen breakdown on the floor of the Senate about being the victim of those nasty white house bullies. We've got to dow the element measure of macho capitalism going all fluttery jittery at the prospect of battle. We've got every fly sure the same area we have to be called on a rakey s was ssasnate ssatum because the cost of one bullet we would be substantially less than the 13 billion dollar cost of a war in a swivet because reporters found out he registered for his wedding gifts at target instead of tiff any. The arena's full of powerful men in touch with their powerless inner women and yet surrounded by famous men puddling under pressure American girls are still doubtful about the prospect of a woman becoming president. According to a pool in the ssda's u.s.a.s a day 40% said they would not see one within ten years and a grim 14% said not in my lifetime a woman president. Are those 14% on a were of the clintonian relentless of the juniors senator from the york. In the latest side that she's running for president in 2008, candidate Clinton is staying away from algoers cum by a corner. Whatever doubts he may have privately about war she's not articulating her angst is loudly as some of her democratic colleagues. The president knows that any woman who hopes to be elected president cannot have love beads in her jewelry case, it may be too much even to be caught with the worn copy of tapestry. Senator Clinton said that she'll support president for he be decides to take out Sodom, I know a little bit about what it's like on the other end of Pennsylvania Avenue making these difficult decisions she told Tim Russert. Justice or husband was obsessed with maintaining his political viability during the Vietnam draft, candidate Clinton must keep her own political viability and mindering the Senate debate on war. Although many Americans assume she's too polarizing a figure to ever get elected the former first ladies been shoved and pragmatic in how she's handled herself in the Senate, she did not have a tantrum when Republican leaders were stinging with her office space. Hillary has offered the other cheat to those who once pilloried her and is charmed to Senate elders turning her wash in house into the capary on the fundraising and has put Democrats in her debt by handing out fistfuls of cash from her payout pack. Hillary and Bill her very own dick Morris have a grandiose master plan that calls for John Kerry or John Edwards or Al Gore if he can find any democratic donors to be the sacrificial land in 2004 to a popular wartime president. Hillary will try to quail criticisms that she's a pushy queen bee by playing the worker bee in the Senate for a few more years. She will disaduse those who touch he was delivered in the White House, veering away from the left on issues like welfare and bankruptcy. Her supporters have sketched an out-aid doomed day scenario that would catapult her into the White House. In the flush of patriotism and empire building, the Republicans take over the Senate and keep the house this fall, then president Bushwins his war on Iraq, he and his inner circle become more arrogant. General Roe as he's known in Hillary land pushes through the most reactionary agenda since the Congress of Vienna, packing the courts with young right wingers opposed to abortion and all regulations. Congress too gets carried away with an ultra-conservative agenda. The maniacally sent us to American public craves another correction, right left, right left, Bush Clinton, Bush Clinton, yep, in our lifetime. Says Marine down today's New York Times. It's enough to make you gagging. And you know what else it points out? What Democratic Party certainly doesn't offer very many good choices. No, in fact, neither party offers. Well, that's just the way it goes. That's America for you. And up here, we're more concerned about much more important things. Okay. I have in my hand this morning's national post, which is one of the worst news papers you've ever seen in your life, by the way. Yesterday, Toronto's son, the first three pages, pictures of Ron McLean from Hockey Night in Canada. We're concerned about the important stuff up here, baby. You got it. We can't be bored about wars and invading countries and stuff like that. Like I told yesterday, Canada don't invade nobody. Okay. We might've owned business, eh? Front page of the national post, groundswell rises for a CBC to re-harm a claim. And right next to it, they can't afford him. Please. There are 87,000 articles just in the front section alone. Forget about the sports section about his rhyme a claim going to not really not be back on Hockey Night in Canada. And will we be able to survive this? The CBC was under pressure yesterday from federal cabinet ministers and from LaBette, sponsor of Hockey Night in Canada to reconsider its decision not to renew the contract of Ron McLean, the show's popular host. And by the way, last thing we heard here on CityPulse, it will only 25,000 apart. So it looks to me like they're going to get together and come everybody down. Angry fans flooded the CBC with almost 10,000 emails, and paraded in front of the network's headquarters in Toronto with bull horns to protest the deposing of Mr. McLean after contract talks broke down. Last night there were reports that the CBC was reconsidering Mr. McLean's contract, but Ruth Ellen's souls had a meeting relations for CBC English radio and TV, said this was not the case. John Manley, I mean this is hysterical. John Manley, the deputy prime minister in finance minister waited on the matter saying Mr. McLean down to her longtime statement on coach's corner was worth him on a he was asking. And it goes on and then there's even an editorial in the Frick and Agile post about it. And if you turn to pages 10 and 11 in the front section, Ron and Don, meaning Ron McLean and Don Sherry, more animated than ever in his picture of Laurel and Hardy. Next to it. And then who's another article, a hockey host who plays a classic comedy role, Stan Laurel Jerry Sonfield and Ron McLean, and then on page 11, here's a big picture of Ron. He's worth more than a hokey drama. Thousands of viewers don't want to see him go. There's 7,622 pages in the national post today about Ron McLean, Stan and hockey night in Canada. How's it going? Hey, Ron, you'll be okay. Is that incredible? That's incredible. So like I told you, the priorities, the interest to level of the people here as opposed to the people in South Florida, where we can't even talk about even mentioned a word hockey on that morning show, because Goli will be devolved, he'll be declod. And for a guy who's opposed to me, I guess he must have all the weight unlike in his genitals like on the top end. You don't understand? He must be top head like a nub. The room around town is that he's got the gigantic slong, but he's got nuts like a BB's. Which I guess, what's playing that voice maybe a little bit, you know what I'm saying? Can't even read everything. So there's the deal for you. No hockey talk on QA and you can bet your life on that certainly not in the morning, not for a 6 to 9. I'm at very lengthy morning show. 95 votes on our governor, Polo Thelekson, for Governor being held right now today, who'd you vote for? Bill McBride 58, Jim Bush 24, Mo Howard David 7, and I won't vote 6. I thought he'd vote some good votes on there. These are the ones who didn't get in yesterday on the play by play thing. 9.40, 20.20.10.5.60. WQ, maybe they're really hurryed up, because we only got a couple more hours of this crap, and then we got that big noon to one hour. Which I personally can't wait for myself. Does this sound like you overwork underpaid? Yeah, underpaid? Yeah, under an end job? Yeah, underappreciated? Yeah, and do yourself a big favor and pick up that instrument or your phone, and you'll like and call our good friends at Fast Train Toolfree at 1-8-6-6-Fast Train. The demand for certified computer professionals is bigger and more humongous than ever. And Fast Train can up you achieve a brand new money making career in as little as four months. Fast Train is South Florida's largest certified Microsoft Training Center with four locations for you in South Florida and Pember Pines. They're in Fort Lauderdale, they're in Miami and that brand new one in Kimble. Fast Train offers convenient day evening a weekend classes for you. They've got a full-time job placement to Parmov with over 30 years experience in place in folks just like you. So if you're overworked, underpaid, underappreciated, or just stuck in a crappy dead end job that doesn't pay squat. Don't wait another minute. Pick up the phone call Fast Train Toolfree even to call us free. 1-8-6-6-Fast Train is another pigeon crap in on my balcony. Think about it in four short months, you'll be on your way to becoming a high paid computer professional and a career with great earning potential. In other words, serious cash at the end of the rainbow. Take my advice pick up the phone call Fast Train right now at 1-8-6-6-Fast Train. Train that's 1-8-6-Fast Train or check them out of the web if you like it. Fast Train.com and tell that's Steve from Davy-Todiedicoat. My life and love this is Fort Real High City. Way to Way. Fort Lauderdale, radio is what the news is for. Way to Way. Planning your next vacation, looking for excitement and exotic location. Then make your next pleasure trip a memorable one. Visit Palestine. Relax as you die and newly remodeled open air restaurant. Marvel at the view of the morning sunrise from your open air hotel room. Experience the cultural differences between Israel and Palestine and back to Israel again. All from the comfort of the local marketplace as it changes hands each day. You'll be blown away. So plan your next excursion to the land of Enchantment. Palestine. We're just a stone throw away from the Gaza Strip and a ground. And you're in a fire. Yeah, the business goes throw away. 946 at 560 WQA. I'm really sorry that I read that article yesterday weeping about what happens if Disney buys CNN. And it's not a big deal. Of course because it was crap. You know, I mean CNN is crap. Certainly not news. That's what it stands for. For example right now there's Jonathan King the White House correspondent. He's pretty good. But they got breaking news. House reaches deal with the White House on a Mac language. And the president seeks a tough resolution. There's nothing breaking about that. Okay. There's nothing breaking. There's nothing sensational already by Congress to you. Yes, if we don't know what he's looking for. Okay. And they're all going to cave in in Nuckalundre. White House would welcome Hussein assassination. From today is Washington Post. The White House press secretary said yesterday the Bush administration would welcome the assassination of Saddam Hussein by his countrymen arguing that one bullet would be a cost effective way of removing the threat the Iraqi leader represents. The cost of one bullet if the Iraqi people take it on themselves is substantially less than going to war. President Bush's secretary, Erie Fleish, who said, and when asked to televised a briefing about the cost of military action against Iraq. Ascitha the administration was advocating the assassination of Hussein, Fleish repeatedly replied, regime change is welcome in whatever form it takes. Fleish is unusually colorful, Mark's creative the student of White House press corps, and Fleish recalled reporters after the briefing to tone down the impact of his words, I was making a rhetorical point about the cost of the bullies said, The point I'm making is not administration policy. If the Iraqi people took events in their own hands, the world will not share the tear. I'm not stating administration policy. I'm stating the obvious he said. In a briefing the press secretary said there's no consideration of relaxing the American ban on assassination of foreign leaders unless the course of his inviad nom or in Chile. Following congressional hearings examining BOTCIS assassination or in Cuba, BOTC's DSEIS assassination intensity executive orders began in 1976 to have prohibited such a targeted killings. But the Washington Post reported last year that the CIA was contemplating clandestine missions, especially aimed at killing specific individuals for the first time since the 70s, drawing on two classified legal memoranda, one written for President Clinton in 1998, and once since the attacks of 9.11, the Bush administration concluded that executive orders vending assassination did not prevent the prison from lawfully sinning out a terrorist for death by co-production. Elliott Cohen, a scholar of Johns Hopkins School for the events international study said, the model of the directors for bid the killing of a political leader, if you're a military leader at somewhat different in Sodom pills himself as a military leader. Cohen also said that flashes welcoming of an assassination by Iraqis would likely be shared by others in administration. Of course they would welcome that. He said many ways it would make things simpler all around. Of course this is all window dressing because like George and I were discussing before the show today, just killing Sodom and getting a new Sodom junior in their Sodom light, that isn't going to solve anything because that's not what we want. We have to have our military presence in there so we can occupy Iraq. We can take over the oil field, we can set up our own puppet regime like in Alec Desha, which can have instead of the show of her man, we can have the show of her rack or whatever we stick in there, whatever we call him. We can send the Dixia or Dixian or Riksia or any other Erritsha would be good. All or he'd have to change his head gear, I'll tell you that. 122 votes on that pool to the election for Governor was being held today, who do you vote for in Florida? Bill McBride 73, Jim Bush 31, Mohour David 10. Oh! And I won't vote eight. This is from Common Dreams New Center by Ariana Huffington. You know she writes him pretty good stuff for a bitch and I'm not that- Huh? Yes she does. I don't like seeing her on TV, maybe just because she's got that ugly post. Just like an all-like scene Joan Collins on guiding light. What is that bitch doing on her? What is she doing anywhere? Lock her up. Nasty old, smelly. Yes, heard burger. The White House on a rack we don't need no stink and proof right, Ariana? We all know who attacked us on September 11, 2001, don't we? No, not Osama Bin Laden. God that is so last year. It never turns out to be the person you first suspect. It was Saddam Hussein. For some reason we couldn't find him when we went after Menacanistan, bringing that magic, a mixture of regime change along with us. But now we've got a better idea, track him down where he actually lives in Baghdad and Punish him right in his own backyard. It's the only way to obtain justice for the thousands he killed on 9-11. At least that's the way the White House is now pitching the story. In this latest rewrite of history Osama Sidney lost his beard and grown a mustache, morphing into the butcher of Baghdad, or one of the look-alike stand-in Sodam's been using for public appearances since 1998. You can't distinguish between Al-Qaeda and Sodam when you talk about the war on terror prison of Bushit and the oral office last week. Really, he can't differentiate between a group of evil, altarmatical, Islamic fundamentalists that carried out the 9-11 attacks and evil secular nationalist who, despite their friend of care for the Bush administration, has not been directly linked to 9-11. He better start making such distinctions in fast. Whenever he acts for who knows anything about the Middle East can distinguish between the two, is it too much to ask that a president who's ready to go to war look a bit more closely? People under stress often regress to earlier stages of development. It appears that Bush is so intent on getting Sodam, so obsessively tightly gripped by need to succeed where his war hero dad failed, so obsessively determined to lay the murderous 9-11 assaulted Baghdad's door that he's regressed to the level of childhood development where fantasy, reality, and wishful film that are all mixed up. Except that this time, things like nuclear weapons and the safety of the world for next new decades are involved. No, I'm no psychologist, but I believe there is a clinical term for this condition, going off the deep end. How else to explain the president's bizarre response to a reporter straight forward queer last week about who poses a bigger threat to America, Sodam or Al Qaeda? That's an interesting question he replied. I'm trying to think of something humorous to say, but I can't think about Al Qaeda and Sodam was saying. When did the president take over the, when did the president take over the tonight show? Why would the idea that he should make a joke about such a delishary as subject even across his mind? It would be like asking Danielle Avand, a Daniel Vandana's parents about the trial of their daughters murder and having them apologize for not being ready with a humorous quip. No, Mr. President, you don't need to apologize your inability to treat serious subjects lightly is not one of your deficiencies. So rather than struggling to come up with a one-witnessism, why don't you just answer the question? Especially since it appears by your actions that you've already come up with one. Instead of bothering to give the least defensive as sudden infusion of Sodam and Osama, Bush launched into a fattest if you will die atribe. The danger is that they work in concert. The danger is that Al Qaeda becomes an extension of Sodam's madness and is hatred and is capacity to extend weapons of mass destruction around the world. The President's regressed convision is spreading like the West Nile virus throughout the West Wing and beyond, witnessed the symptomatic blurring effect and fantasy exhibited by the Pensecritary Rumsfeld. When asked in an armed services committee hearing about what is now compelling us to take, precipitous actions against Iraq, Rumsfeld, Varkt, what's different? What's different is 3,000 people were killed? Yeah, by Muhammad Aton, company not by Sodam Hussein but why quibble on details when there's a propaganda war to be won. National Security Advisor Condoleezzer Rice continued to assault on reality when she vaguely yet ominously claimed, there clearly are contacts between Al Qaeda and Iraq that can be documented. Well then why not document them? We've documented contacts between Al Qaeda and all our deoiled dealers in Saudi Arabia and Al Qaeda and our new best friends in Pakistan but I don't see any B2s powering up for raids over Rehod or Karachi. As is the White House custom, Rice simply refused to back up her claims, so did Rumsfeld who memorably rebuffed to report her late last week by saying, that happens to be a piece of intelligence that he did we don't have or we don't want to talk about. In other words, proof we don't need no stick and proof and just because I'm asking your sons and daughters to possibly sacrifice their life for it doesn't mean you deserve to know whether it even exists. It would be nice if we could take them all if they're word and let the bombs fall where they may, but Senator Bob Graham, who is chairman of the Senate and held in Scomidious, privy to the inside scoop, says he has seen no evidence of any link between Al Qaeda and Sodam Hussein. So we're left with a fevered infantile imaginings of the present and his pals. We've had dots before said Anna Perez Rice has spoke to women, now we have a higher density of dots. Have we connected those dots? No, she says. Perhaps the president should put down his Saber battle, pick up his crayons, and connect them before drawing us into a bloody war. Says Ariana Huffington. Pretty damn good, Ariana. Just don't put your push on TV anymore. Okay, we like reading what you have to say. We just don't like looking at you. Nothing wrong with that. Nope. There are a lot of people that we just don't want to see him. Can I like normal Kent? You know? You know my talking to one of the phone like once every six months, but you sure don't want to see him. But that's right. You can't say anything because he's working on your deal. Well, for good luck, all day's, Granny. Granny, handsome man. I ain't gonna have. You're not gonna get no new contract. Ask him off how his new contract's coming. Just take the paycheck every week to the bank and did you get the rest of that bonus yet, by the way? No. No, no, no, no. What year was that for 181? 92. I see. Well, that was a good year. Governor Jim McRewian, I'm just a little bit of former Senator Frank Lottonberg would replace scandal painted in Commodore Robert Torres-Sully as a candidate for the US Senate seat in November. Elections after Torres-Sully said him withdraw from the race. The Greenley said the state's Democratic leadership would formally file a petition for Lawton Verse Candidacy as soon as the state Supreme Court approved the change in candidates. I am confident based upon a thorough and vigorous debate to citizens of the state of New Jersey will let Senator Lottonberg to the US Senate preserve and quality representation on behalf of our state and ensuring a Democratic majority in the US Senate said the Democratic Governor announcing the move. Now, there was made a crappy candidate before who was going to lose his ask as he's a crook, and now we're going to put a good one in there we think can win. Earlier in the day, the state Supreme Court agreed to hear Democratic petition and they may new candidate for Torres-Sully seat after a lower court stop of printing a balance to reflect his sudden withdrawal. Lottonberg emerged as the leading contended to replace Torres-Sully on the November 5th, found that after another choice, US representatives in Frank Polon, no relation to Dave Polon, said he would not enter the race due to family reasons Democratic sources said last night. Lottonberg's 78 retired from the Senate two years ago after three terms and is a long time rival of Torres-Sully. In a brief speech after the Governor's announcement, Lottonberg promised he would continue fighting for causes he worked for in his previous terms, such as the Environment, Prescription, Drug Benefits, and Medicare, and Aboshen Rights. It'll be the shortest campaign I've ever been engaged in and I kind of like the prospects he joked. We just five weeks left before the midterm elections, the party scrambled to find a candidate, and the race against Republican newcomer Doug Forster, who jersey races critical to Democratic hopes of holding on a control of the Senate. Bill Bradley said, and Obama and they said, and even the Eric and Lyleman and he said, even they don't want it. How do you like that? We're you know, Eric, he's the married to that hot blanchick. Or you didn't see that, you know. It's pretty, I don't know what I'm saying. It's interesting. Pretty depressing. I think right. I'm looking at five. I'm 56 at five, 60, W2M-20 about balance for life, and the beast, I'm sorry, beast. We're not going to back for you. You had your chance here today when you were in that studio, I gave it the opportunity to open up your big fat mouth. Wouldn't do it. Wouldn't give us the story. See, off the air, he's telling a different tale. Like a lot of other people I know I want to mention George. Off the air, he's telling much like Rimmer, same thing. Pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, off the air, and on the air, you know like that. Like the man dog, like a lot of other people. Led Zip to lip. Anyway, if you want to lose the weight, if you want to zip to lip, when it comes to eating all of that fatning food, here's the answer for you. Balance for life. No more cooking, no shopping, no cleaning, no worries. Because they combine the knowledge of the zone diet with special emphasis on the glycemic values of carbs, and they deliver to your door in a little black sack every morning. Right by six o'clock in A.M. Three gourmet meals made with delicious fresh ingredients and two delicious snacks, and little bottle water in there too, to boot A. So you don't have to worry about buying anything or counting anything. The only choices you have to make are on that little menu. They send you, you have two choices for each meal every day that's run a program. And believe me, you'll be full right up to your gullet because there's plenty of food in there to keep you satisfied all day long. Nothing frozen, nothing artificial, no little boxes of crap, everything is fresh, Andy, wishes made with the best ingredients you'll find anywhere. Lots of vegetables, lots of tasty, great stuff, chicken dishes and beef and all kinds of wraps you name it. So let balance for life. Help you lose weight. The easy delicious panless way. Call them today at 9.54, 5.6.8.32.29. I guarantee you know, time at all, you'll look ahead. I held a lot better than the beast. 9.54, 5.6.8.32.29. Or check out their website at balanceforlife.com. My life and look. This is for 20.56. You weigh in. Get out of the car, I'll have you back. Coming up tonight, on inside the behind, the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story. We take a good part, stiff looking to start up. It only took one hit for them to burn their freaking song into our brains. But it only took one man to bring them to their freaking knees. They were after the fire. So we're recording the song, right? And I know it's missing something, but I don't know what. Lead singer, Jack Waffer, talks about his so-called creative process. So I'm singing out loud, you know. Don't turn around and just then the janitors walk and buying it. He goes, uh-oh. And I go, they're coming, so I'm in town, and he goes, uh-oh. And right then, I knew we had a hit. Unfortunately for the band, so did the janitor, Ron Bustham. Hey, it was my, uh-oh, that made that song so popular. I was making sh**! Money is a janitor. I figured why not? Rememame good. Ron had a sleazy lawyer who tricked the band into the paying run $5,000. For every uh-oh, every time the song was played anywhere in the world for his entire life. That oily little bastard. I mean, $5,000 every time he goes, uh-oh. We were broken about 20 minutes. I worked at borders for crying out loud. Meanwhile, that is Hawaiian Villa. Ron the janitor has attained rock star help status, which he openly uses to get laid a lot. Oh, Ron, do it again, Ron. Uh-oh. Oh, yeah, baby. Uh-oh. Oh, Ron. After the fire, they learned the hard way, not to let a janitor go, uh-oh, in your song. It's a big juicy, stopping when it looks at show business tonight on inside the mind. Can't wait, 10-03-05-60, W-W-A-N. Publish your water and bird. You know, we've talked about him on a show many times, and I can never remember what his name is? Yeah. Guess what? Walter. An in bird. Yeah. He'd be guide. He'd die? You're not familiar with this? No. You'll better get with it, Mr. You're not keeping up on the world affairs in a vets and stuff. I'll build and then went to bed. I see. Well, that was a good choice. Well, no, he'd die before smallville. Walter Ann in bird, who, in fact, just as it was coming on, I think the assignment worked for him. I'm about too much. I think when Clark went on sperm started swimming around and Clark started burning up the screen in the whole guy, then, uh, classroom. I think that's when Walter finally, oh, and that was it. Walter Ann in bird, who parlayed America's love affair with TV and a before, and by launching the National TV Guide magazine and later served as a invested at Britain's IDS today, was 94. That's old enough. When you say? Toa, yeah. I'll pay you for his old enough. Wouldn't most of us like to make it to 94 and reasonably good health. Yeah, you bet. Ann in bird recreated 17 magazine gave billions of dollars to charity and endowed two leading journalism schools. He died at his home in suburban Windwood. Uh, of complications from pneumonia, said Kathleen Hall Jamison, Dean of the Ann in bird school for communication at the University of Pennsylvania, his wife Lee and always with him when he died. Ann in bird was a bit now. I see this guy. This is one of always screamed about. He used to be a raving liberal many years ago. Yeah. And then something happened. I don't know what they'll hit him somewhere in the old. Back though, he became a raving raving raving lunatic. He probably started making some money. Oh, he did. Ann in bird was a big contributor to Republican political candidates in a times of behind the scenes, political power, reports CBS newscores funded Bob Fuss. He socialized off him with president's eyes and Howard Nixon forward and Reagan. Bob President Mr. Reagan spent most every new years with Ann in bird partying as is at his wall, Palm Springs, California State. How do you like that? After selling some of his properties, he sold their Meaning triangle properties, including TV guy to Maggett, Rupert Murdoch in 1988 for three billion dollars Forbes magazine listed them as one of the wealthiest Americans Viking number 39 this year with estimated net worth of four billion dollars. And you know how much good that's going to do them now. Not too much good because now the worms are going to get them. The damn worms are going to get them. Yeah, but he'll be in a really nice casket while they have never once upon a time. I was talking about a rose, you know, a nice rose. Yeah. And about how flowers you plant the seed and then the plant grows and then it blossoms and it blooms and it turns beautiful. And then you know, you water it and you keep it alive as long as possible. And then you see the leaves start wilping and it kind of like shrivels up and it dies. And I said, there's the the perfect analogy for human life. I mean, that's just the way it is. You know, you're born. You live your life at once. You start to be 17 or 18. And then you start to be 17. And then you start to be 17. And then you start to live in proof of that as if you if you get on some of these search for your old friends things on the internet. Yes. And you look at those pictures of people that you went to school with a hundred years ago. And you look at what they look like now. Oh, my god. People who used to look really sensational. Like 42 years ago. They were all wrinkled up and they got Ponchi pot bellies. And they look like crap. And then before you know what they stick your ass in a pine box in the worms gets you new dead. We're not necessarily that order. And I remember the guy called me that they said, that's the worst analogy I ever heard my life another emotional cripple. Another one of the many brilliant calls I've had over the years and those awful days when the show was about nothing but begging for phone calls, digging for an intelligent response which we seldom got. Or even an interesting or amusing response which we seldom got. That's the worst analogy I ever heard my life. Neil, I thought I thought it was magnificent. I thought it was perfect. I like the cockroach analogy a little bit better. Well, I mean the cockroach thing is a little bit gross test. But the fact of the matter is when you step on a cockroach, which is the you're me denincing to the swat it to step on it to kill it immediately not sooner because it's a disgusting, nasty little thing that carries all kinds of disease and whatever. And it don't look too good to tap it all off. It's not very appetizing. It's not like a bunny rabbit. And you step on that thing and even better one is an ant. Why is that so? Let me tell you how I look upon death. I have a term and that is that when you die, you cease to exist. You go back to what you were before you were before. No, no, you forget about that. You cease to exist. People will say people will want to be nostalgic. But they're resistant to our memory. Well, that's fine. They exist in your memory because you're still alive and your brain is still functioning. But they don't exist anymore. Right. And it's not like, well, they're going to die for a little while. And then, you know, they'll change their mind and come back. Like I said, Williams, he still exists. Yeah, now that's a good point. Unless you're on ice, you might exist on ice, especially if you're like a hockey player would be good. You know, like Terry Sautjock, he's dead, but maybe he exists somewhere on ice. Maybe he's getting ready for hockey night in Canada. Maybe he's going to replace Ryan McLean and hockey night in Canada because I'm sure that his stiff would work cheaper than Ron, but nevertheless. And because people are so emotionally crippled and conditioned to fear to have this terror of death, I mean, oh, no, man has a soul. And the good Lord is in a good Lord. The good Lord that prevents all of these diseases, all of these horrendous, grotesque religions where people are killing each other because they don't make this can't get the message, you know? And like the Virgin Mary, she can't, she needs a map. She needs a compass and a road map. She keeps showing up on the side of bank buildings and fence the cola. Who gets a crap about freaking pet's a cola or that little town in Georgia? Where does that, uh, conroy? Was it? Yeah, something like that conroy conroy. Freaking Georgia that's got a population of like eight and she shows up there. Like I've said before, if Jesus is going to come back, how about like doing it right on that big billboard there in Times Square would be good. Okay. Ron, I know. And that's how good do you? Oh, deputy attorney general Larry Thompson, breaking the edge. Criminal conduct. Not only does that. This is about the n-run thing, okay? Breaking news, breaking it. CNN, they're the anti-Christ, okay? They make me sick to my stomach. In fact, I think I may program all I TVs just to blot it out. Former CFO of N-Rot to be charged today. We have any know that it's not breaking news. They already showed us an hour ago and an Andrew Fashdow is accused of masturbating the skin. And that's not breaking news. Breaking news is something news, something shocking, something like the world is coming to an end or Sodom just blew his brains out or something. I'll speak in a Sodom. Yeah, you, I say today says you guys troops are at a risk of needless deaths in a chemical or biological attack because of inadequate training or protective gear. Congressional and Defense Department investigators told a house panel yesterday. Democrats opposing a possible invasion of Iraq cited those problems as more reason to oppose President Bush's request for a congressional go ahead for the use of military force. Bush accuses Iraqi President Sodom of stockpiling chemical and biological weapons and violation of UN resolutions demanding that Iraq direct disarm. Are we exposing our main and women at this point to contamination knowing that we cannot protect them as representative Diane Watson Democratic California? I'm not going to support going blindly to warfare like a result in great bodily harm to our fighting men and women's chiefs and investigators from the GAO and the Pentagon's Inspector General said the military has problems keeping track of its protective gear supplying an up-protective equipment to troops and training them in how to work in a contaminated environment. The survival of our service members and military operations in a chemical or biological environment may be at risk, Raymond Decker of the GAO told a husband before Mashal security, subcommittee hearing yesterday. Decker and Joseph Schmitz. The Defense Department Inspector General said the reports on problems with chemical and biological protection were largely classified, they cited these unclassified details. The Defense Department has not accounted from 250,000 defective protective suits, military officials told the panel there was a low risk these suits would be used in combat. The military assortedages of some important protective gear is not meant internal requirements for the number of full protective ensembles which include gas, masks, hoods, suits, boots and gloves while the extra hoods acknowledge the GOC John Ascroft. Many units have had insufficient training and how to deal with chemical or biological attacks and the military has implemented only recently requirement that units of it reports on their chemical and biological training, Marine Corps and Air Force training is more robust than army and navy training. Schmidt said, The Defense Department recalls almost 800,000 protective suits in the year 2000 after warnings from internal investigators about defects including holes, improper stitching and embedded for an object in the fabric. All were made by a bankrupt near company, ISTER-ESTRA-TEX, whose top officials later played a guillotine-defeatable charges. The Defense Logistics Agency is accounted for about 550,000 of the defective suits agency official Jordan Allen, full of House panel. The agency's offered free shipping and a sent reminder to notices the military commanders as recently as a month ago to recover the defective suits. Allen, Army Major General William Bond, a chemical and biological offensive official said remaining defective suits, probably would not be in the hands of frontline units, probably but we're not too sure. The military currently has about 4.5 million sets of protective gear including 1.5 million of the latest version known as the Joint Service Lightweight Integrated Two Technology or JS List. All four military services have sure, sure, sure, sure, sure, sure, sure. It's some items that are said and the shortages are to worsen as older equipment passes expiration dates. Well, nevertheless, you know, when a DAC just chip them out, it will take our chances, you know what I'm saying? Right, well, they will. Well, yeah, it will take our chances with their lives. That's basically with a bush mic to hear say. We're not going to get into that. We'll just hop on Air Force one again and hide tailed out through to us saying Lewis or somewhere. One of those bunkers, one of those really nicely appointed bunkers that we saw that special about. Yeah, we'll go see Archie. Twelve minutes after 10 at five, 60, we got Joe Rose for the mad dog. Do we ever confirm that is that accurate? Because I hate to put some news on here that I heard on Mo show because I'm a little bit concerned about, sort of the information and he did not, he was not accountable this morning that I heard. I didn't hear the whole show of course, but he wasn't accountable. He didn't step up to the plate. And it meant about Carolyn and about the beast and about all these things since he's always telling us we got to be accountable. Didn't hear it myself. Maybe somebody can fax his and let us know was Mo accountable this morning. Oh, did he step up to the plate and was he accountable for his actions and admit instead of answering questions with another stupid question? Where you can talk to the mushroom from talking about train exactly. Because we know we out of well, we don't want to get the beast into much trouble. He's got his own issues, you know. Let me tell you right now, if you want to stay in good health, Oli Ahmed can't hurt, it can only help because it's a fine new product. It's a little capsule your pop in your post that contains pharmaceutical grade olive oil along with a combination. A blend of vitamins, minerals and robles and they promote different parts of health for different parts of your body. Following is one for your heart. One to help lower your blood pressure. One to help control your cholesterol and prostate. One for your circulatory system. One for your digestive and endocrine system. One for your skin and bones. And there's an Oli Ahmed potion even designed to help your mind and believe you me. All using the benefits of the best olive oil you'll find anywhere on this planet. And Oli Ahmed continues making products designed to help men and some for ladies as well. It's an outstanding, exciting, sensational new product. And if you want to pick it up, you can do so all over town. Pick some up at Whole Food Markets. That's what the W Walgreens, Sedanos and Avarro Pharmacies. For more info on Oli Ahmed, call her tool free number and just ask whatever it helps comes to your mind. Call 1-866-Oli Ahmed. That's 1-866-O-L-E-O-M-E-D. And get rid of their great product online if you like it. All realmen of America. Bye, and I'm local. This is my city. Three years old, your town. Oh, you're a cute man. Please, cow, errands coming. Well, he's a pala has he nasty. Oh, we got the money from the study. Oh, and if I said my little bradie. Oh, we're in a getner that's a little bradie. Oh, we're in a getner that's a little bradie. Oh, we're in a getner that's bradie. Oh, we're in a getner that's bradie. Oh, we're in a gotner that's a little bradie. Well, he's a present that's a dozen who doesn't have to run. And one else is gone a witty, hide as well just for a ride in. She's hard. She's hard. She's hard. She's hard. She has a golden spoon. He was born with nothing that so look out on you, Get ready for the death Tell us about the nasty nasty Oh, he'll give our civil rights the whammy Oh, why's he the tell us the nasty Love of Emily Well, he's a very well-he'd do with very precious youth Who never paid to do? By the dear will of his cruise She called She called She called Any smart clue in that race Against Buddy, okay? Why do you think they call it Gilbert? Victoria, anyway She's a dollar as a nasty Oh, he'll make the take a king happy Oh, yassie's a teller as a nasty Double men, Emily Come on, let's do the skip Come on, they don't Let's go Ten-19 is five sixty-one W.A. and more trouble for Martha Four Martha men, they just won't leave that picture alone, y'know? Alright And assistant to Martha Stewart stockbroker is decided to Played guilty and testified against the home decorating Maven and others in in-clone System Scandal the AP learned yesterday Ten is fan you will 26 is expected to play guilty The day to a misdemeanor Making false statements to investigators As part of the deal said a source familiar with the Planing negotiations The agreement was confirmed by another source For many of the negotiations who also spoke Of course, I'm a condition of Ananimity Right Good guess Investigators are looking at the Stewart sales A nearly 4,000 imphone shares last December Which we already know just before the stock price Plunged on news that the FDA would not renew a review A timely tab to cancel drug Irbotox Maryland chandles Stewart's imphone Sale prosecutors trying to determine if Stewart was Tipped off by a close friend Sam Watson imphone's father in XEO Who's in big big hot water Fain was lured in our return calls for Comment in Stewart's folksman Alan McGrener declined a comment as well They're all mom A spokesman for the West Attorney's office also declined a comment So there you go He's got a turn of tables man on her He's going to spill the beans Which he loved to see her in one of those orange jumpsuits I think that would be lovely And back I think maybe we could hook her up with Susan Smith Sounds good Could do the program to prison now if you're tired of your orange jumpsuit Here so you can smell and get out And what was the bitch in Texas what that was her name? Andrea Yates Andrea Yates in Susan Smith and Martha In fact, Martha can do the cooking You know one more and you got a penal for some It sounds great to me Ex-pastor sentence to prison Oh God He was a loving father A caring mentor A charismatic pastor To find Michael's score yesterday was a sexual interest in Voice In a downtown San Diego courtroom crowd With supporters and critics of the fallen clergyman A judge sentence to form a senior pastor of Calvary Lutheran Church in Solana Beach, California To 29 years in prison Score 55 I played a good in August of Mustang in 11 year old boy And trying to do the same to the boys younger brother Score was spirit of life prison chairman Defensive or billed nimon negotiated Sense of no less than 20 years no more than 30 years The boys each told authorities score touched him in Appropriately Scoreed and eyes touching the younger boy Now that was 11 year old That was okay but the younger boy he wouldn't do that The case destroy the innocence of the two boys said Their mother who now wonders if they'll ever begin their faith in a loving God Oh God It horrified scores wife and children to say their faith cause them to forgive them at the same time The announces actions It transformed the prominent church on via the valley where the office doors now have windows and leaders Say watching off for children as much apart as life is when they dinners on the beach And his left score sing he doesn't understand how he came to be trail light the surface of the web Is an Air Force Argentine boy scout leader a teacher a sheriff deputy in ordained minister And let me say it again at the risk of the alienation my fag friends out there in the audience Gaze and a scouts no problem but gay boy scout leaders no Sorry you know I'm talking about two whatever they call scout masters scout masters exactly sorry No way Jose Now to see one of these semi this thing about the red cross driver records often see they're just going to give me agitated because every time I went to our The website yesterday that banner added to bottom for the red cross will cap up and up under just to piss me off. I think San Diego right cross officials the doctored records that determine the amount of bonuses the charity received through transportation contracts that had what San Diego County They doctored the records. We've uncovered our investigation instances of driver manifesting altered robber chief tax spokesman for the national red cross city Yesterday I wonder if he's any kind of chief pet Chief packs disclosure came in response to question raised by a wrongful termination lawsuit file last week by a former red cross office clerk the red cross sucks Okay, don't give any money to the red cross and if you don't believe me just look back and we those articles about what happened post 911 Embarrassing that they always have to be embarrassed in doing the right thing because behind the scenes. They're doing a lot of crap. You know what I'm saying? Yep, so don't be fooled by those banner ads on our website over the red cross and do this and donate that because we have no control over that Or at least that's what Eric says and I'm sure he doesn't do you think he doesn't have you know then I'm just guessing you're just taking his word for it don't don't be taking his word for it because Carl I huh Carlos is just standing there salivating his weight and online man to move right in What are you saying? Don't be don't be equivocating okay don't be like the don't be taking your cues from people like George and the beast okay Who talk a good game off there and then on here? The movie limit like that, you know, they're like all over the place because they're scared crap. What do you got to lose a fucking half an hour? What do you care? And what is it? You got a good point. Yeah, no, I really don't know what kind of contract he's got with them. That is that is the point. He can they do they do control everything on that But I don't know if he could force them to do anything else, but I mean that is that is true. He doesn't wait in the vigilance He has no control over it, right, but that still gives Carlos an opportunity to move in there because I don't see the new book a branching on her to you the new CD. He's waiting for the graphics from both of them. I'm just kidding when you relax Jesus. You know what you're doing to the man. You think it's funny. He doesn't what he means he hasn't taken fun. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, not, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, a wilder's crap they can't get that done can they no even the train mucky we enjoyed that you know he didn't even come up with at this morning right we remind you we're gonna go into the train mucky that's an at least a step and a right direction and acknowledgement that there's a show coming on instead a guilty with his five day pregame show whatever crappy zergia they copy that to Robert said they can play it good then that's great could be an excellent lead in to a hundred and thirty four votes on the pool i'm starting to raise an eyebrow and this one but i'll just you know we'll go with it if the election for governor being held a day who would you vote for bill mcbri at hundred and twenty one jab bush eighty one and more how are david twenty and i wouldn't vote twelve little bit suspect but nevertheless hey is there still anybody alive out there who isn't plunging or guts out into the ipce forcebook dot com uh well what are you waiting for you're not missing you're really missing out on a really great sports book or something like that you're a lot of ads these days but you need to do some research before you're plunk down your hard earned money at someone stable third world sports book let me have you out b ip sports book dot com is the only book to be unanimously endorsed by the industry watchdog they're Dutch based not like based in some horrible place like Costa Rica and one of the first online sports books now why would i say Costa Rica's horrible place i don't know i've heard it in only nice things third world baby oh yeah but seriously if you want to go on a roll of a lifetime you want to be with the best sports but just ask a fill the bugman next time is you the ip sports book dot com it's the best in the universe and of course the football season is swinging it in all directions now you can almost smell that pigskin and those soil job straps in the year so be with the very best VIP sports book dot com and speaking of football of course we got that gigantic pressure pack game the patriots and the dolphins this Sunday so open an account online and get to a 15% cash on a bonus and did i mention of course like i always try to do the give you the highest parlayage you'll find in the world up to 2000 to one so get over to VIP sports book dot common plunge it a book with some serious class the phone number toll free is 1 866 VIP bets b e t s 1 866 VIP bets go online to be ip sports book dot com and get that 50% bonus for sign up online VIP sports book dot com where you are the VIP MP Origyn's done as dirt Here we come, ready? You're not holding free and hopped stop Well let them drop, drop, drop, drop So say Can't come play to pain Oh, let's go find my rack Oh baby You let say a pack And the trap won't end A pack over Now look at that black guy Why? Cause say Can't come play to pain Will you be feeling pretty sad But there's nothing else And make that attempt a small club So, so Double, you as demon man Go rent your way for his dead And let's go, drop, drop, drop So Call Say Can't come play to pain Let's go find my rack Oh baby You let say a pack And the trap won't end A pack over Now look at that black guy Oh say Can't come play to pain Okay, so we got a thing for Messianin And there are real Wilson's caretakers Rest on fraud charges You see that? Good Nice going there, jab Oh, you're doing it, baby Not Remember that story we had to have the day About the bus attack? Right Why do you were right? You've been hot for about a week You've been right on the head of your thumb on it Vener Oh yeah That's how they knew it wasn't a terrorist attack Exactly Vener The transit was booked on suspicion And murder yesterday For allegedly slashing the throat of a grey-hound bus driver With a pair of scissors Cousin across the killed two passengers The bus heading from Los Angeles to San Francisco Fifth on its side Monday evening And slid into a field off interstate five near Fresno Was carrying 50 passengers The suspect our tour on Martinez Twenty seven We sold on two council murder and one kind of attempted murder Authority said they didn't know of any motive He's told us several stories about why he did what he did Sheriff's detective Lieutenant Margaret Mimm said She said authorities were checking to see whether drugs alcohol or mental problems Play to roll Officials said the attack was not related to terrorism And said yesterday they didn't know the motive of our tour Topium Martinez twenty seven a Transient from Los Angeles area who was booked into Fresno County jail On two kind that we just got through San Eddohamani County Boys CBS you people need some help There was no clue that there was going to be any curbillon board The bus mimms had passed new total authorities They said he simply got up out of a seat went up to the aisle and attacked the driver There was no yelling no threats to argument before He did it just to direct the attack on the driver she had it It happened very quickly he immediately stabbed the driver took her to for the passengers to take action on their own The driver was actually cut in the neck he struggled trying to defend himself and lost control of the bus After a thirties arrived on the scene past his pointed out Martinez knee was caught as he tried to run away I saw a dude walk fast and pulled part the pull past the front of the bus said passenger Howard Johnson there. He is again I think they're all using his name because they like him Who suffered only minor injuries later was reunited a community bus center with his wife I'm feeling blessed he said as he headed for us on the clams trips in Chowder at Howard Johnson's and 57 flavors Oh, they got 37 or is it fifth what how many they got? I don't know how many they have I think best your robins has got 57 I think right and how hojo I guess 33 Don't know are there any more around there was that hojo? I don't know on the beach there's one over here by the golden glades They're around it just I don't know anybody the goes there anymore There really are still hojo's around because the last one I recall eating in and in fact it was a sponsor vice very briefly In fact remember they we opened it at a number of different names Miami Miami Avenue in a hundred ninety fifth I believe Is that some right? No, yes it does well doesn't go unfamiliar or is it or is it North West second Avenue and Hundred ninety fifth well I want whatever whichever That's right over here Well I'm telling you there used to be a hojo's red and that corner and then it became something else And it was a sponsor vice for about five minutes like when I'd have been as because there's no white people in that neighborhood There was the wags over here on the corner where the BP is now is that the the corner Let me ask you something Seriously yeah, is is Miami Avenue? You say your word north was second the 441 is north was second I thought 441's like north was seventh no All right, right here in it in it in addition, which isn't that Ives dairy right there on the corner? Yes So what does that have to do with Miami Avenue? You said over a hundred ninety fifth your five blocks off. Yeah In north Miami Avenue is two blocks from where we are well whatever the hell it is There was a hojo's right there mister mr. argumentative today. Can't see first he started I would be quite an irregularity in error is an emotional basket case an emotional cripple who doesn't understand this You'll he doesn't get it he's taken everything personal and now he's starting our game Give me like a how how map and a compass You're there you should look right out the window where you're sitting right now don't remember no hojo anywhere near here There was a golden glaze sure is my I'm sitting here all right at a hundred ninety fifth As you're going north on Miami Avenue get to hundred and not a hundred ninety fifth to ninety fifth see it just a hundred blocks off Okay, so was this lip of the tongue okay? 95 through 96 whatever that is you know like in schwarzer town there Which of course Yeah, I'm sure still there's a lot of territory in the city of Miami you know what I'm talking about yes I do there was a hojo's ninety fifth and ninety six when you'd make the left turner to go to I 95 but like kind of like we're biscuit used to be not too far a few blocks from there Exactly all the sparks just close them up just as can't melt doing hilltadio Don't know if it's still there but I think you're right now. It's I know it's not there. It's not there anymore You're crazy you nuts and like I just tried to tell you I tried to explain to you But you were like too busy arguing about just being a hundred blocks off It became something else and they were sponsored of ours for like about ten minutes and then they went under they went bust Can imagine why Amabad look Amabad about 20 children beat a man brain dead with bats boards and shovels after he punched more of them in the mob for throwing an egg at him Sunday night Milwaukee police it that's a horrible place I'd never been there but I don't want to go you know it Never hurt things although I don't think I've good route Worcester Don't know Well, according to that thing the other day eight brats eight bucks whatever that was a Cleveland I rather go to Cleveland that's not a very fun place either I don't think although they cleaned up supposedly but I used to be a real toilet Only no at once. There were no white people in Cleveland But Milwaukee Milwaukee's got a lot of white people who just like skinheads, you know and drugs Droughts these things like that here's holding Anyway eight young suspects were in custody yesterday one just ten years old a local TV station reported in Milwaukee police are looking for more The victim 36 year old Charlie young junior Milwaukee remained on life support the game chased young out of the port of a house in the city's northside and pummeled him Young tried to escape into the house reports John Jagger of CBS radio affiliate WTM JAM WTM J. Hommandum Milwaukee Brewers formally the Milwaukee Braves WTM J Royal Gillespie and who's yet to guide to the Braids games some uh Royal Gillespie and Dan uh I don't know story Dan Stewart all were fine They were hurling object and using their trunctions to go after this man and go inside the house They came inside the house and pulled them in out to the buildings owner Gerard Johnson to relation to Howard if they had any kind of heart They wouldn't they wouldn't have did that he said oh Why do they keep doing that why they they make direct quotes off these illiterate pathetic subhumans? They wouldn't have did that Authorities then this is on CBS news.com Okay, I mean they can't they clean up the guys language a little bit. This first of winter using his name Gerard Johnson You got to keep your Johnson straight man. That's what the mad dogs is if they had any kind of heart They wouldn't have did that Authorities did not know Monday night while young was nearly four miles from his home Whether or not the kids knew him and where the confrontation started it's unknown more charges the boys and custody will face But they could be charged as soon as today Police continue to search for as many as 18 other juvenile's involved in your salt. Well, that's lovely Speaking of that Oh no wait, but what's this? But that is the most information we have right now is coming from marathiliates KTLA and KTTV This chase is going off for quite a while if you look now to the close things you can see that the police can have their guns drawn She's an a An enchanted there An order model Chevy pickup truck with and wait The man by this particular model escapes me ever the cat that the rear camera that fell off in the crash I've been getting the camera shot over you see where they get him why is it that so many of them damn high speed changes happen in LA Remember the moment we had on an alligator rally right a couple years ago. That was fun And instead of stopping the guys like at the emblocking him off at the Told the told boothing remember that then they let him keep it on. Oh, I don't get that and jeopardize the the safety of a whole bunch of other people But that's just the way we do it in Florida. Okay. We don't like doing things right Anyway speaking of attacks three arrested for gay actor attack West Hollywood, California three men were arrested for investigation of beating a gay actor with the baseball bad outside his home last month and they suspected Suspected hate crime attack They started suspecting when a gay ran up to a miniel You're gay Los Angeles County Sheriff's Captain Linda Castro announced the restering a news conference late yesterday She declined to identify the men. This is what we've been waiting for the entire month to September for a Castro Said the rest this has been a month from a hell Investigators are looking into whether the suspects were involved in other assaults on gay men and was Hollywood including one that took place just hours after three I after actor tree Brody was attacked is that his name? Okay Brody 32 was attacked on Labor Day weekend after he embraced a male friend Brody laying your death for several days The friend was also struck but not seriously injured another man was similarly attacked the same night and the fourth was beaten later in September by two men yelling anti-gay epithets and wheeling a bat in a pipe The attack put the city on word police stepped up patrols West Hollywood a city of about 36-thousand messins is a major Get destination for gay lesbian and transgendered people no Schmidt when Castro said the men were custody a small crowd standing by nearly nearby First into replies Okay, okay, good we got them now that's why did I do that We met with that in court days. Yeah, insensitive Okay I could have just you know we could have just gone okay that would have been good enough 1042 at 560 WKWM Tom Laman says okay for you baby. He's got a fantastic meal runges deal waiting for you for all the people The wonderful folks who listen to the show like he does every day. He's probably listening right now. How's it going? What about that rhyme or claim a hockey night in Canada? What are we gonna do about that? Anyway, this is why he created the Neil deal at hell it and this is why we have no new coffee from Bob Eisenberg Because we just keep reshuffling from one month back to the last month back to another month just back in fourth and fourth and back Because Bob, you know can you imagine Bob sitting down today? Typewriter and it must be helpful and like often when angle on his head Save big gomma's an all-pony action GM season stock at hell at right now just mention you heard about it here on the world famous Neil Rogers show Stop by hell at Pontiac GM c134 a one-sat fixie highway that's US one across from the falls where every vehicle is marked with lowest price Mission all of Neil and save even more right now at hell it and why do they be sure and take a peek at the whole On a GM CSUVs including the exciting new envelope which was voted by motor friend as SUV of the year and the all new vibe SUV that's got the power of a sports car but certainly not a Corvette Halts also got a great selection of pre-owned cars trucks and SUVs if you're looking for dependable used vehicle and of course like I always tell you Credits not a problem in hell, it no matter how many people turned you down if everybody in the world turned it out for credit trying to buy a vehicle Halts is around they'll do it for you so get you a new Rogers deal and how it potty xgmc 134 a one-sat fixie highway that's US one right across from the falls or they've been going great for 35 years plus Open every day seven days a week Halts potty xgmc who do be professional grade Out here some times Just ride the guy and bring it to an end. Don't use today, that's too bad for OJ. The kind of adventure age, he's locked up in his cage. 147 at 5.50. The WQAM had to win the two. We got Joe Rose for the Mad Dog coming up at 1h303. And we got all that baseball stuff, playoff baseball. Angels and the Ecclesi again in a crow course precedes that if you can stomach that. Speaking of stomaching things, did you see the three murder suspects? Yes, I did. They got them all. Good. Which is kind of depressing. It's so fun now. Ended until the end. And you'll notice at least the one of the three. I didn't see the other two. Did you? No. But the one part of the end. You saw two of them, were they both white or beeners? No, no. See, there you go again. The white. This guy looked as white as you are. Okay, like I said, a beener. And he, the one guy at the, here we go. Well, he's been coming to the show. So, I'll be back on it again. Chase ends in Orange County, California. The California. First of all, I picked her as we just. The one guy that had his hands behind his head was a white guy, okay. And maybe that sounds like a racial thing. You will be lasting. We need is another Rodney. He can't be a racial thing. He can't be a racial thing. We're going to the high speech. He is you called him a beener already. The 91 freeway and Anaheim not too far from Disneyland in southern California. Just like that guy on a gray on bus. We believe we're getting worried. They're wanted as murder suspects. So, they were working on getting more information on that. From that high speech. You can't, the reason I'm concerned about that is because, And while I was backing up there with his hands behind his head, I'm thinking the LAPD being as brilliant as they are. Probably shoot him like on worldwide TV. You know, somebody get trigger happy. Well, go, gee, I didn't mean it. You know, because they bumble everything. Speaking of bumbling. Now, this is an update on the story we had yesterday, but this, it just keeps getting better. A man, dubbed by authorities is the bumbling bank robber. His two-gold teeth knocked out as if he ran into traffic. And was hit by a van while fleeing a high-step. The agency, my, he said, see, we had the other part. I'm, I don't think we had the part about the team. He'll be his teeth. The suspect who, also may have shot himself accidentally escaped in a way to get away, Carb, but police recovered his teeth from the street and held him as evidence. The FBI said yesterday. The suspect walked into a watch over your money bank branch in North Miami Beach Monday. Pulled a gun from his pocket as he approached the telerandomated. That she filled a bag with money. The FBI said the telegave an underscore some money. And he turned to flee, discharging the gun as he pulled it from his pocket. Or stuffed it back in his foot, whatever. It's on over at this time if the robber shot himself on the gun, discharged, said the FBI and a statement had lied, update on bumbling bank robber. The suspect ran out of the bank out of the street, was hit by a white van and right under the authority said. He managed to get up and run to a waiting car that's sped away, leaving his teeth behind his teeth to investigate it. Police in FBI were looking for him at hospital emergency rooms and medical centers. How about a dentist office? The suspect was described as a troughthin black man in his late 20s, early 30s. I like that. He left his teeth behind. Not a good idea. I don't leave your gold teeth behind after you pull a heist. Magazine publisher, Sue's Rosio Donald, for backing out a rosio magazine. Uh-oh. On the property, we're the skull, the leg bone teeth and air. We're found all they found yesterday though were animal bones. At this point, authorities are saying that they believe that what they have found here, the person who was found here, died in the same way as the parents did. And we talked to a woman who works in a factory where the skull was found. They're still testing the skull. They want to check out the cross bones first. Looks like it's poor little Jennifer's shirt, you know? Yeah. The publisher of rosio magazine, Sue Rosio Donald, for a hundred million dollars yesterday, for a brotherly pulling out of the venture last month. Bruno Ranjard, printing and publishing company said in core papers that the former talk show host reached her contract and publicly disparaged the magazine when she quit rosio on September 18. A call to a spokesman of course was not returned. The publisher and her Donald have been tuning for months about the direction of the magazine. Rosio debuted in April of 2001. The joint venture gave O'Donnell and G&J each of 50% stake in a business. During the first six months of the year, Rosio's total average paid circulation was 3.5 million. The 13th highest magazine circulationation was for the first half of this year, according to advertising age magazine. Among other things, O'Donnell and G&J have reportedly argued repeatedly about what the magazine covers her look like. Maybe she was upset because they had porcupine pig on a covered. G&J, there was a patonia pig, I'm sorry. G&J, the international newspaper magazine arm of German media giant Fertalzmann, also published as parents, fitness, fast company and family circle magazine. Family circle jerk magazine. The fact that Rosie magazine had a circulation like that, what does that tell you? There must be an awful lot of shut-ins out there, you know, oh yeah. Gah. Lot are real, disgusting, fat, porcupine shut-ins. Look for the QA in Vanide from 4 to 6 at the public's located at 10755 Northwest 58th Street, stop by to win prizes in the first 60 people to come and say, Cash, but Anza will win free scratch off tickets compliments to the Florida Latter. I'm sure Miguel will be handling this. So when you see Miguel, they say cashpinands or just a Lauren Green, or Michael Landon, or Fan Blocker, or who's the other one? Pernel Roberts, for now Roberts, they're all dead. Yes. Or just say they're all dead, and Miguel will know exactly what you're talking about. That's 4 to 6 at the public said, 10755 Northwest 58th Street, just look for the QA in Vanide and lovely Miguel, and the first 60 people to say cashpinands or any other stuff I said, but when the free scratch off tickets compliments to the Florida Latter rate, that's here at Baby. So all we want is just one. Just one for like 6 to 8 million doesn't have to be like 100 million. Then that'd be the big one. You see where we're really stupid. Those of us who just don't buy the lottery tickets because it's a tremendous waste of them. See, I should be playing it here, because at least if you play it here, even though it's crappy Canadian money, you get the whole amount in cash. I know you always played the, can I? Can I? I never played it in my life. Didn't you send Rimmer money or something like that? No, no, that was the lottery down there when it got up to that humongous amount. That was three weekends ago or something like that. He played it for me down there. I had the first four numbers. And then you reminded me of that because he owes me 22 bucks when I get back. Yeah, you know something. Oh, it's a good thing to get that in mind because because you think he would like volunteered it, I'll bet you those 22 bucks that you won't get that from him. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no chance. But anyway, you're up here if you went into the market, you know, you know, you're not going to get the whole amount. You know, taxes, no, nothing. None of this annuity crap like the scam they pulled on there and Florida, as it should be. So if you want like five million here and I've granted that's only like a little over three million you West, I'll take it. I'll take the three million cash. Right? We can't. Wouldn't see me no more arguing to you that. Bye, bye. Hey, have a great life. Oh, you'd never leave us near the era. Oh, what you do if you didn't have the show to bet your screen. Yeah, I'll draw you a picture. I'll draw you a diaphragm. No, thanks. God. What a joke. Yeah, you only got a little over four years left. Oh, I look at that thing. Oh, look at it. Now my cell phone is ringing. And you know who that probably is? It's probably Rimmer. I'm hanging on a second. All right. No. Come on. Come on. If it's free, it's me. What is it? I think you got the wrong number, sir. Who you call? Okay. Bye bye. How is this wrong number? Is it on here? Everybody does. Huh? Everybody does. Oh, cell phones. You get a million wrong numbers. That's why I got this nine five four, so I can get a lot of wrong numbers. If I had a Canadian number up here on the cell phone, which I do on my regular phone, I wouldn't be getting all these goddamn phony. You get one of those. Maybe it was Rimmer. I was a bitch and you are for like reminding me about that twenty two bucks. Well, he'll probably give it to me in Canadian currency, which is about eight bucks. You know, something like that. Nevertheless, whatever you get, kiss the ground, consider it a blessing. Justice Department says FBI has not assessed terror threat. The FBI has failed to develop a comprehensive assessment of the risk of a terrorist threat facing the US despite a promise to do so. According to the US, Justice Department reviewed the FBI counterterrorism program released yesterday. The office of the Inspector General criticized the FBI for not yet incorporating the likely risk of terrorism into its strategic plan. Because the FBI has not completed a systematic written assessment of the most likely terrorism scenarios, it may not have fully identified the specific nature of the threats or could focus its attention and resources to prepare adequately and respond effectively given the assessed risk the reports said. The conclusions of Inspector General Glenn Fine are contained in an unclassified 13 pages of summary made available at the Justice Department. The full hundred and thirty one page out of a report classified secret was provided only to top officials at the Justice Department in Congress. The Inspector General initiated the review of the FBI's management of its counterterrorism resources after attorney general John Ascroph and FBI director Robert Muller and answerly this year the prevention of future attacks is now the paramount mission of the Justice Department and the FBI. How do you like that? But the FBI as usual. Very soon. To under ninety four votes on our pool if the election for Governor being held right now today who would you vote for? Bill McBride 155, Jeff Bush 92, a Mohour David 34 and I'm on both 13. 13 people say they still wouldn't vote no matter what you do. First, they're probably all about like ten years old. Now ten year olds are in school right? Right. Plus they doesn't be less than the issue because we say things like asshole on the show and ten year olds certainly are not being like assholes okay? Did you see a date line last night by the chance at NBC? No, did not. About the teenagers in that party and the two beautiful girls, the teenage girls that both lined up dying of one stab and the other one then she took an overdose. No, went into suicide. That was, uh, tried to. Sand. What a waste. What kind of a cock eyes going on? Where you want to say? It's a bunch of cock eyes. Anyway, let's talk about something good not cock. Cast away seafood, nobody they know seafood man. They can smell it. They pride themselves on serving you the freshest seafood under the sun. Fresh fish that's never frozen prepared just the way you like it. Grilled black and or broiled. Signature cast away. This is include sesame seared tuna. Crack cock and unbelievable homemade chowdas. Cast away is also features grilled certified angus beef. Burgers, filet, minion or huge juicy delicious mouth-loving New York strip. Cast away is offers greatly lunch and really bird specials in every Wednesday night. Like tonight is karaoke and ladies night with free drinks for the ladies. To end the cast away is tailgate party at the hot fish bar. For a weekend I'm under a frozen beat to hot fish bar. For weekend I'm under nine football special. Why do you watch your favorite games? The cast away seafood companies that full bar open seven days. Weekend is located on the southwest corner of university drive and Griffin Road and Davy and it was never hojoes there by the way. If you're looking to cater your next home or office party cast away. Can do it as well. Cast away seafood company where they love George like crazy. I think they got like a George blow up dollar. I love them. And our cast away seafood would see. What is it seafood so fresh? It'll slap you on your ugly pussy. My and local. Your sports video 560's you a few a.m. Tell me. I'm not a lie. I've heard the secrets behind Saddam who's saying's Mr. it's like that's just half a story. Find out who's Saddam who's saying really is what ABC confronts Saddam who's saying's babies mama. I'm sorry. I think that was a. And what is my check on he always like a never own time. He's a star. The star. The most must follow go. Error leader in the 20th century find out the deep secrets of Saddam who's saying. I told this would come pick me up and he came and picked me up on his busted ass camel. I can't hold my mind. And that camel was fined on my dad. She was like, uh, uh. Find out how he really is in bed. I don't know how he has 15 wives. He couldn't even hang 15 seconds with me. Okay. Why did I say with him? He died Dallas. Okay. He got business. Me and the business ought to be. Okay. He got a. I don't miss Saddam's baby's mama. And I'm in papers tonight on ABC. It's 11.01 at five. 60 chase and Z. Orange County California. You just see the thing where they had the yellow schmato over the body that's lying there. Yeah. We don't know who that is. What do you mean by that? Well, it's up to all does yet. It's somebody who's dead. Obviously. And like I was saying, if they could have ever would have been three dark complexity guys, we'd have had like maybe three new NFL football coaches. We're going to just round it up. Listen, this is the picture we have here of the victim. No, no question. No word, rather on the identity. That's what they did. No, it's just a yellow schmato covered up a dead body. Is what it is. And they keep focusing areas. You'll see that more than 600 times. Well, now they got a stretcher. Now who the hell are they taking away on the stretcher? I don't think they put dead people on the stretcher, do they? Yeah. No, they don't. I think we're going to put them on something. No, they're working on somebody on the ground. Oh, no, don't tell me they shot somebody. And not the LAPD, oh no, please pray that it's somebody white. And I see your laugh that I'm talking about. And you know what happens out there? Right, it's, yeah, but it's how I mean if they look at dark complexity and Johnny Cockering will be out there and Jesse, I'm from Jackson and he's really. Think of the Hollywood movie. Watch an hour's in the original. The legitimate kids will be out there and all these people. Boy, you'll have another jungle jam if you don't watch it. Oh, speaking of it, this is a great story. It just affects me from Portsmouth to Hampshire. You see where this old bag was from? No, oh, you love it. Elrally woman slimes car into Portsmouth, liquor store. Portsmouth to Hampshire and elderly woman and employees of a state liquor store escaped to her's injury yesterday when the woman mistakenly hit her car's accelerator and crashed through the glass front of the building. Irma Stormer 84 of Portsmouth, Lucy Florida. Oh, was meeting friends of the Portsmouth traffic circle liquor store when the extra haven't around one pm. Stormer was in the area visiting your daughter who lives in Portland, Maine. According to state police, Dermos is attending the park the car. Once she erroneously stepped on the accelerator instead of the break. I don't even know why this is news. This happens like every couple of hours in South Florida, right? Of course she is from Portsmouth, loosely. The car jumped aside, walks fed across the parking lot and smashed to the store's concrete and glass lobby, pinned in the vehicle between the middle door frames. Emergency workers had to use a saw to cut the driver's side door off to free the woman. Stormer was not injured and left for lunch. Left for lunch is planned with her friends. Maybe she was leaving for the early bird. Nice going, honey. No, what was she was in a hurry? Any other? That's a good idea. All you old farts who shouldn't be driving. Go take your day and mcrap some puzzle. I don't think he had that at all. Order in before five o'clock. They charge your full price. How did I leave this story out? I had this so long time ago in my hand and then you interrupted me with some psychotic crap about Eric and how emotionally is and that's why he overreets. And now what you said, you blame me for it. I'm not that hungry today. I think for lunch I'm only going to go to dinner at tonight. J. Mugs where they give it to much food. You know what they have that's great? Oh, that's right. You don't like it. I keep telling you this. I don't want any part of cheddar broccoli soup. See, if you didn't know the broccoli was in there because it's not like big pieces of broccoli. I think like if you didn't know was in there, you wouldn't even taste it. That's good for you. See, that would be a good way for you to get rock lost the room. Unlike the problem plates of temper 10th primary, two days municipal contest in Pometobay and North Miami yesterday were blissfully unaventful. Oh, right here at Baby Ward doing it. By the 7pm pole closing last night, few voter complaints had been reported in the relatively simple elections that involve only 15 to the county 754 precincts in date. Less than 2% of the total results from both elections were available by 830 last night. That's good. That's all of the precincts open on time. All of the machines worked said to sell a South Dakota assistant election supervisor so far. So good, TVC. Sallocet TVC go near a few complaints that demonstration of the voting machines were not working. Election workers had to replace flashcards used to install the electronic ballot displays on five of those machines. The winning candidate named North Miami Council for district election said he was satisfied with the process. We have realized that the election department dedicated themselves to making sure the errors that took place on September 10 did not occur today. Councilman liked Jean Monomostime, a team said. That sounds like some kind of a Haitian dude. Okay. Isn't it? No, no. Jean Monostime. The system is not error proof. Never lost. We took a trust system and then at the end of his comments, I think the proof isn't because he said. He said that. County elections officials hope the smooth voting for North Miami Council, race in the Pometobay, Merrill and Council Contest was a preview of the number of votes. Though they were only a small scale model of that much larger election. The county tested some of the changes in the two distance to the nine 10 Fiasco by stationing three county employees and represented the voting machine manufactured every polling location to help the volunteer poll workers were calling it the triangle Salaset. It's our new and improved precinct setup. At precinct such as Premier, a glissade Baptist, Harrab and North Miami suit, I'm saying. It's a Haitian thing, Mon. Poll workers had number of voters much of the day. We had more of service commissioners in AIDS and we had voters said when we're definitely the precinct clerk. I don't want to say to being over Salaset. I guess they just want to make sure that everything goes right after what happened last time. We don't need no more embarrassment. It's what they're trying to say. Oh, agreement ends followed by lawsuit challenge. You Virginia church property limits. The Reverend jury followed by church and state of Virginia. We to win fallwell, federal lawsuit over an 18th century law. Living how much land a church can own. Lawyers on both sides in fallwell suit agreed yesterday that the law does not apply to the Thomas Road Baptist church, which plans to expand. The church was incorporated in April after US district judge Norman K. Moon, no relation to Wallie Moon. Struck down another state law that a bar churches from becoming corporations was not subject to land limits. Remember Wallie Moon? No. Bill Hürden? No. Tommy Burgers still cunning him. Moon agreed with lawyers decision yesterday said he'll rule that property restrictions do not apply to fallwell church. The decision made a trial on fallwell's constitutional challenge of the rule. Unless a jury. That's good because that'll give more time for important things like the teletovies and thinking winky. And winky, dinky. I guarantee when he heard about winky dink. He just about flipped his piece. You know what? In fact, if Jackbury were still alive, which he's not. I guarantee he'd be holding his ass in the court. The sue him over some kind of vague allegations about winky dink. You know what I mean? Yeah. Isn't that what the priest usually does when the altar board lifts up his skirt. A little winky dink? Wink's at it. Wink in an agenda. You know that? Right. American media keep the liberals invisible says Antonio's or vice visor beceus. You know, some of the copies of this stuff that you factly. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. I'll be. Good. Good. Good. Very. Good. Good. Good. Michael Moore of Roger and me in stupid white man gave it the Toronto International Film Festival to promote his newest documentary, Boling for Column by which borrows its title from the horrible high school massacre in Colorado in 1999. No MSMBC wasn't actually running the news conference, Rogers Cable which had taken during the festival. It's telecast on its community channel 10 was merely subbing regular MSMBC programming with the newser in order for Philets can-com commitments for carrying the channel and Canada, but that's another call. To carry some of us Canadian content, so all weekend long they had these press conferences on MSMBC instead of the regular programming and it sucks. Moore who seems to be far more at home here than in his native USA was defending his political film about guns in the American psyche, a film that won a special jury prize at CAN, also earned his sustained 13-minute ovation from the audience. Moore complained that American critics had not given Boling for Column by the attention and deserves that nobody had reported that the country's largest theater chain, which is based in Colorado, has refused to exhibit the film when it opens later this month. Big surprise, Moore's anti-corporate left liberal films TV shows in books tend not to play well with a corporate conservative media. For example, his stupid white man, which was almost shredded by the publisher last thought for being patriotically incorrect, has been an all-abessal or less for nearly a year, but is yet to be reviewed by the New York Times now the major papers. His last TV series, The Ophal Truth, was made in Canada by the Halifax-based, Saltor Street Films, which also co-fines finance column by. I can count on one hand the number of times they have seen him on screen on US TV since stupid white men became a hit and yet and culture his polar opposite both physically and politically, has seen all over the dial, screeching the same half truth you wrote in a best selling a screen, slander liberalized about the American right. Is it just because she has better legs than more that she gets all this exposure, including a substitute hosting Gary on CNN's crossfire, or is it because contrary to her contention and that many readers have emailed complaints about my left wing ravings and the stars commieslam the liberal media and so liberal? Sure there are islands in the market might as right media ocean. On a magazine, Maxio finds Harper's and the nation to name two of the few, the internet is blessedly filled with alternative aisles and Canada we can count on CBC and TVO not to always run everything through the, this is good for the market filter, but in the US society from NPR there's not much not even PBS, that's right not even PBS. Consider how last month even the much respected Jim Laira gave the fence secretary Rumsfeld a free pass never challenging him when he repeatedly fudge the facts, for example Rumsfeld reiterated the, bushment propaganda that's beautiful. Oh I see bushes that thought it said bushment, the bushes propaganda about how Sodom who's saying through the U.S. and weapons inspectors out when in fact they were pulled out. Last spring PBS ran a superb six hour documentary titled Commanding Heights the Battle for the World Economy based on the book by David Eurgan and Joseph Stanislav. It's an unabashed appreciation of the free market, a tribute to market transfer, Ronald Reagan, Milton Freeman and inspiration, filled up prize winning economist Friedrich Van Hayek. So one side a visit at the Wall Street Journal, headline its review of it, PBS likes capitalism more than commercial networks do, calling it a P.O. on to private enterprise. This series was not only originally co-funded by Enron, it ran just as the markets were imploding and CEOs were getting busted for being two free of regulation. Meanwhile, I can get dozens of provocative and prize winning films PBS will not one, including Danny Shekters counting on democracy about the scandalous 2000 vote in Florida. Shekters an Emmy winning TV journalist author and weblogger says PBS rejected it because it's biased. Instead it will run who counts as special a political special starting Saturday night live or starring Saturday night live alumnus Darrell Hammond doing his algorithm personation. One PBS show that is not good behind the news is now with Bill Moir to watch it I tap it Sunday's had done off case CTS and Seattle. That's because like many other PBS stations, WNED and Buffalo doesn't air it. So much for the liberal media, which is why I would for Michael Moore even when he goes over the top and or age, maybe his next films would take on CNN. Pondogized for the crappy reading, but like I said, the print is like so, uh, mushy man. It's like mush potatoes like mashed potato yeast is what it looks like here. 320 votes on our governor are grouping to our election pull with the elections only a little more than a month away today's October 2th November 5th my birthday will be the big elections man. The midterms and the gubernator election in Florida who would you vote for the election where did they build my pride 171? Jeff Bush 97, Mohour David 35, I won't vote 17. 17 relentless vanschens out there who just won't get off their dead ass. From an attack to 11 at 560 WDQN poppin o park is back in action with live racing every Friday and Saturday night. There's a new first race post time of 715 p.m. And for the first time in a 40 year history of the track there'll be free, glove house, and grand send admission all season long. As always, of course there's free general parking. There are two new wages this season at Pompano Park, come play the super super with a $10,000 bonus payout or $5,000 of the two pick four wages. This Friday night October 4th is C-Scape night there'll be free prize drawings to win one of five trips for two on the C-Scape casino dinner crews. Got that? Yes. On the C-Scape casino dinner crews also on a program Friday is the 48,000 of the Friday. Florida Sunshine State for Trotters and in Saturday it's the big 48,000 of the Sunshine State finals for Paces. For the next two weeks Pompano Park will be open for live racing every Friday and Saturday. And of course don't forget the track is still open every day of your life. Seven days and nights a week for a final casting starting in noon, but please don't forget the new post time during live racing. 715 at Pompano Park on Powerline Road, a blast up at Lannick Boulevard. Don't forget new post time keeps saying that over and over again Steve. 715 p.m. I prestigious Pompano Park plunged your guts out. My mime coin look at thisIS debating fiscal file prestige by the new hangout man. Fiting Eagles pole. Just answer my call again. God God. Oh God, he comes Sir for, Oh god he comes so full My patterns are because of my two girls I wanna go and bear it by one steal I'm praying that the car is still being yo I'm stinky by one move and just for you It wasn't number one, it's number two I wouldn't go and bear it by one steal And maybe five boys was just in the neighborhood Let's hope not 11 17 at 5.60 WQM How's he doing, paly? How's old fathboy doing? He's a wheeling around Now he's never gonna get out of that chair Is this just a... No Or are they gonna wheel him and head chair to the pine box to the piano case I know he's at the cast office just wearing a boot now Did you call him a cast off? It cast away Charges dropped in cannibalism case I think this is a great segue Great falls Montana Are you been there, haven't you? Sure And in made in former mental patient accused of Butchering a 10 year old boy and feeding him to the neighbors Oh, likely won't face murder in kidnapping charges Because the ledge victims mother believes her son is alive Zachary Ramsey's mother Rachel Howard said yesterday She was prepared to testify She did not believe Nathaniel Bard Jonah Had killed her son in 1996 Prompting prosecutors to drop their case I did not want Bard Jonah to be convicted of a crime I don't believe he did Howard said In the interview in her attorney's office Howard said her belief is based on several things Including a videotape She says her shows her son in age 12 She said police did not believe the boy in the video was her son Bard Jonah 45 already serving a 130 year prison sentence in Montana For kidnapping and sexual assault in a separate case Was accused of abducting Zachary while he walked to school The boys body was never found on authorities Have said evidence suggest that Bard Jonah killed the boy And is both of his body in meals Serve to unsuspecting neighbors Searchers of Bard Jonah's house nearly three years ago Turned up list of children's names including Zachary and encrypted letters in which Bard Jonah wrote about such dishes As little boys stew Little boy pot pies and lunches served on the patio with roasted child Prosecutor Brandt Light City would ask that the charges be thrown out I have a trial schedule a big and next week A judge has to approve the request In light of Rachel Howard's testimony I don't think there's any way we could win this case lightset Defensive attorney Don Verne said he was pleased with the prosecutors decision But added that it was competent Bard Jonah would have been acquitted at trial And what if this is making me serving 130 year prison sentence? I don't know. Bard Jonah was convicted earlier this year sexually assaulting a 14 year old great false boy And hanging the boys eight year old cousin from a kitchen ceiling Those assaults occurred 1998 and 9 Bard Jonah's appeal that verdict Bard Jonah spent 11 years in a Massachusetts metal hospital after one attack And which authority said he tried to kill two boys before that he forced an eight year old boy And was charged hooked him with his belt Shortly after his release he assaulted another boy He saw another boy Let's keep leaving these people out, okay? I'm gonna do it again and again That they had about him that I saw that just made you want to Pute because of the whole way that he got out and just the slip shot system They had him in prison or in a mental and a mental nuthouse Several times and they let every single time Sounds like Ted Bondy to me Oh, but he didn't escape They let him out I understand but it's the same difference Like the one time Bondy just walked out the window We kind of like coped out when it out let's hop out They were near to him and had a little discussion They just left him alone in there in the interrogation room And he just kind of like hopped out the window and watered off in the never-niverland Remember that? Oh yeah, he waved Anyway, four men claimed they were molested as teens White tines New York, four men are alleging that there were sexual molested three decades ago When they were teenagers preparing for the priesthood by members of the Solution Roman Catholic Order Solution Cicacatlig Order And the lawsuit filed in state court in white tines The men claimed Solution officials Solution officials including one who is now an auxiliary bishop New the abuse was taking place Which seems to be part of the course A law firm representing the order of the case should be dismissed Because the statute limitation is run out The Solution's comment is that although they appreciate the plan of Solution's plan of stealing the Solution's Feelings of the allegations took place so many years ago Said Seth Talbe of MacArthur and English But the plan of Solution's lawyer, Marsha Gopson said We want to ensure that the defendants over whom they still have authority No longer deal with kids. We want these Solution's Directed what happened to our clients the suit seeks an unspecified amount of damages The abuse allegedly occurred at these Solution's Do new seminary in Goshen, New York No Goshen? I don't know an Egypt, an Egypt Goshen formally the home of the what figure Hamiltonian used to be in Goshen Might the big harness race? You know about that. Nope The four men said they were repeatedly sexually molested While living in the seminary between 1959 and 1973 1973 One plate of Joseph Lemmy of Mama Kouti and New Jersey said the Reverend Emilio Allui Then the seminary to Maracteria dismissed Lemmy from the seminary when he heard the abuse saying Lemmy was not priest material Allui is now an exilary bishop in Boston He's not an offended McCase which names the Roman Catholic order in two top officials of its new Rochelle-based Eastern province Another one of these guy named priest stories that are popping up like All over the place. Nobody cares anymore It's not you know not the romantic and exciting and Who'd see Tutsi and Hatsi Tatsi anymore? What's that got to do with Iraq? That's right Well, here's something that does see we don't waste any time. This is from Tompain.com The defense budget and wartime profit hearing by Stephen Rosenfeld who's a commentary editor for Tompain.com He says since the founding of the Republic many of the richest Americans have made their fortunes from war In his book, Walth and Democracy Kevin Phillips documents That's really capitalist highlights is John Hancock supplying the troops in his era The northern industrialist who prospered during the civil war and in the 20th century The many companies and industries that secure government contracts during wartime The progression includes modern counterparts like Haliburton The firm headed by Dick Cheney before he became vice president which is now supplying US military bases in Iraq and Estand Congress is now poised to pass the biggest increase in defense spending since Ronald Reagan's administration The House and Senate versions of the defense budget which have yet to be reconciled and adopted Authorized roughly $400 billion in spending for the federal 2003 fiscal year according to the CBO The Velocicments taxpayers to addition law lays a 400 billion between 2002 and 2007 The defense budget increases itself larger than any country's entire defense budget With the sole exception of Russia as reported in the Washington Post and elsewhere The US defense budget is larger than the total defense budgets of the next 25 nations combined But it's not all US military spending the defense budget doesn't include the entire Pentagon budget for Star Wars Which will militarize space with new nuclear weapons? It doesn't include unforeseen spending for the war on terrorism It doesn't include the cuts of a new war with Iraq And it doesn't include yet another plump for mercenaries makers what NATO allies may spend updating their militaries All of this has made defense stocks a bright spot and otherwise gloomy market Yet the New York Times reported September 22 that military spending has been rising but so far At least there's been no boom for the stocks of the Pentagon's big contractors But that's not exactly the case The Times p-set it standard in force aerospace and defense stock index Which said 2001 wasn't his career is 2000 for these companies Part of that statistic is due to mergers neck positions in the industry this year But don't be fooled Leading business publications report defense contractors will be doing well for years to come And they identify companies that have done quite well since 911 Take Raytheon for example, which had 6.3 billion dollars in Pentagon contracts in 2000 It's stock according to Burund's online is of 13% from a year ago Shares of Lockheed Martin the world's largest military contractor with 15 billion dollars in Pentagon contracts in 2000 I would intend for set of its all-time high according to Burund's The journalists are predicted that missile defense spending should be good for bowling in TRW Which had 12 billion and $2 billion in Pentagon contracts in 2000 respectively Indeed market analysts have buyer recommendations for stocks for most of the leading US weapons makers The sabers are rattling a bit more loudly in Washington and Wall Street is noticing Rot David Kansas the Wall Street Journal online deputy managing editor on September 3rd Perhaps stating the obvious he goes on to quote a new request to resist his firm as buying a basket of defense stocks And it's not just because of pending action in Iraq There's also the economy in the easiest way for government to increase spending to boost the economy Is by spending more on defense But what's good for Wall Street and the defense industry is not always good for the nation even in a new politically ready to find By terrorist threats there's a big difference between spending on legitimate national security needs And opening up a new global arms bizarre led by the United States and its corporate weapons makers When Congress takes up the 2003 defense budget other military spending bills in coming weeks And not just becoming taxed dollars for years to come Congress will be helping a handful of companies in their top shareholders secure their fortunes While that's perfectly consistent with American history much of it comes at a taxpayer expense while making the world a less safe place for the rest of us Right Steve Rosenfeld on Tom Pindall Hey, this is in Zyna, America, baby 26 past 11 at 560 WQOM with your busy lifestyle and all the energy can to get to fuel healthy All of you men is one of the products and will help you keep you in good health and feeding your best All of you might contain that super duper olive oil. I've been telling you about combined with good stuff Vitamin vitamins minerals and robles to promote health for your heart for your blood pressure or cholesterol in your prostate All of them easy to take soft shell capsules is pop in your old mouth Older you might have supplements to promote health and all different parts of your body in your circulatory system Your digestive your endocrine system your skin in your bones even your mind all using the benefits of the finest of purest the nicest assist olive oil That money can buy an older man has products for men in ladies too Older men is a stupidest exciting product. That's how thousands of men in women all over town Help them stay fit and you can pick it up at Whole Food Markets Walgreens Sedanos and Avarro Pharmacy If you'd like to eat more information about Oluomed color toll free number 1-866 OluMid that's 1-866 OluMED And you can also order this great new product online at olio-menamerica.com And look at this 4th video by 65 2-way 2-way 2-way 2-way 2-way And look at this Now I recognize it on Saddam Hussein's mistress Arasula Lamsos First off let's meet say that I mentor Saddam Hussein underlying he wasn't the MVBL chatroom That's Merig the kid are but looking Yes, I'm S need I am Nessus A S L That's a 6th location I come to find Arasula Lamsos We had much to have in the common We must like the moonlit walks The white peach salad broccoli And musical growth the widows Next thing I know I'm in the bag that was western laying on the pile of pillows I thought I was in for a night of the filthy love But he could not salute I tried to everything but it must still I know go for lunch They happy us day of his life Second only to when he got his cuby ceiling Power of pieces all the pepper stickers in the middle Was one day invented the way I got out Things have never been the same We do it like they do it under the scoffery channel Arasula then it was like sleeping with a bigger form of the booky night movie He made me dress like Baba Abu's With a white weight in all And where you can imagine the rest of the story like the ball Harvey fish Let's just say there was butter involved and when I walk you can hear the ocean Rectome 1131 at five six you know the guy I'm walking that got beaten up by all the little kids Yes, guess what he's dead. I dead This is the case again as we see all the time of a dark folks getting murdered by other dark folks only in this case by dark little kids And a very nasty neighborhood in Milwaukee like a feral pack of urchins A big your pardon or anything It's hanging court sentences mafia heads Palermo Sicily I guess we could probably use a little music for this I got to get to Sicily sometime before I croaked that's one of my great desire Sicilia I'm out of got a colione, you know? I can do my daughter in old age in about three four years And have a heart Can you see me walking with a cane you don't you are palermo and a fedora I'm going to shoot I'm going to take a bodyguard Cover each you For the jacket Prepare la macina I don't give up A palermo of court convicted 28 mafia OCS today in a state of 1980s killings and sentenced all but two of them for life in prison Several of those convicted are already serving life terms rather convictions Among them salvator total reenot the boss of bosses was nab to 1993 after two decades on the run He had the runs Tugida for not a proven zana was tried in absentia considered reen as successors had to be close to the Northborough He's allowed to capture for nearly 40 years They and the others were convicted of involvement about 20 murders during the 80s when the mafia plans battle one another for control because of Northborough The Anson news agency be saying six people were quitting two people to testify for the prosecution received lesser sentences use reports Prosecuted our cell a moose to a city was pleased to be out coming the way of shot life terms for 32 days 34 suspect It was a victory of justice following hearing involving sacrifices and difficulties the agi and news agency put at moose or saying and of course for justice you know where we go See that cool sound The sentences were handed down as prosecuted as prepared to put their latest informer on the stand and Tony O. Geoferay described as a copy to provanzano was arrested in April and reportedly began cooperating with prosecutors in June to playing a welcome information It's already put several dons behind the bars The Anson news agency said yesterday that to you for the next course of parents the corporate mojo is next Tuesday His lawyer Luchia fell zone a told the court to you command and testify double murder trial And which he's been implicated and so say Do you care was convicted of involvement of the 99 cubamis in Sicily that killed anti mafia prosecutors Giovanni Falco and how will abortion eena Who was convicted there since the life in prison for Falco and scaling and 20 years for the blast of kill borsalino Suscidian prosecutors are hoping his information may finally lead to proven zanos capture after all of this time all these years Good timing Oh Man, I get I just get blown away by that. I feel spent And the one of all places is it really they just got done showing the entire thing for at least one and two on VH1 Yeah, don't ask me how what is the time? I don't know where nobody figures it up. Well, he has very net you old crap that they're always showing you the only thing I like on VH1 is they've inside the behind the Whatever although VH1 classics is pretty Hitton this one it hits it hits good Actually, I have VH1 classics and Amsterdam and I a dish. How do you like that aren't you impressed? Well, you got a lot of good things over there. Yes, I do and this the next time when I go back there I won't be sick all summer long because I won't be doing these shows from over there anymore. You're not going to do any shot now. I'm not And boy, you didn't take long once parents called me the other day Didn't take long for them to get on the phone with that engineer over there. Okay take down this and take down that and instead it back And then turns is all worried about well, well, we'll work out a price and that's because I'm keeping the computer and the fact machine over there I mean what's the point of setting that back and going out and buying my own you know right? So they're going to work out a price. Believe you me. I'm going to want to see invoices I'm going to check it by like my CPA and the SCP you and the I see you etc. No, what a bunch of grave robbers we're dealing with Catholic group band from church speaking to grave robbers north and over mass a Bishop and Roman Catholic leg group formed and responsibility church Setsabus scandal from meeting at a church here. How do you like that? The activities and promotion of the VOT voice of the faithful must be curtailed in order to avoid further scandal and polarity among our pera versioners Boston art dices are celebrating bishop and media s aloo wrote and let it can we won't we just talking about him? Yes wrote and letter the Reverend Paul T. Key's past your same Michael's parish in North and over Key said to part of the group and his sister and laws one of its leaders but he told the group it could not meet on church property this weekend setting as well obedience to his bishop Voice of the faithful leader say they'll contest the ban which they said is illegal under church in US law We love our church and all we ever saw from the beginning was open on this dialogue well forget about that open on his dialogue and a Catholic church People must be crazy Voice of the faithful has been labeled by someone's a descent group and insistent accepts the teaching authority of Catholic church and is not seek to eliminate cellulose among priest or allow ordination of women but aloo wrote that arts dices is seeking Terrification of all hidden and open issues involved in promoted by VOT and until that process is complete meetings are inappropriate go hold your meet someplace else will hold the altar boys meet evil hold your meet someplace else okay how dare they descent yeah You got some freaking nerve mister don't be questioned in the holy father Because he's the ultimate okay when it comes to matters of dottering uh, synilities things like that the vicar of Christ on earth Voice policy for AIDS prevention groups say this is from yesterday's Washington Post Proponents of comprehensive sex education accused the Bush administration yesterday avoiding a widespread campaign of this information and intimidation That is hampering AIDS prevention worker cross the country another good one here for the bush mister The activists said several government audits aggressive promotion of abstinently programs and retreat from earlier prevention efforts may put young people and minorities that increased risk Abundant pregnancy and sexually transmitted diseases Whatever age educators are repressed in harassed and kept from doing their jobs the epidemic is the big winners of Joanne's CD director of HIV AIDS programs at humans rights watch whenever moral judgmentalism and squeamishness are judged by politicians to be more important than preventing a life threat and catastrophe The epidemic is the winner the accusations are part of intensifying debate that's occurring and as Congress considers the presence Request to increase abstinently funding to 135 million bucks Administration officials while arguing that abstinence is the only guaranteed protection denied that there's any effort to single out liberal organizations that promote safe sex through Comprehensive views we believe young people across the board should abstain until marriage said caught Allen 50 second to health and human services If that fails, fidelity is the next safest protect against contractive disease followed by common use and several instances federal health officials said they're conducting investigations at the behest of lawmakers The lawmakers are complaining about federally funded group to distribute explicit sexual materials played on the importance of faith and heckle HHS Secretary Tommy She's had Thompson international aid conference in Barcelona. We're obligated under law to follow through well and said Thompson has however expected a review of the San Francisco based stop AIDS project To all the permanent fund aid and funded HIV AIDS activities. He's also walked around authorizing new audit of HIV related project that the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention just months after a one million dollar review was completed He drank water out of a crack. It's an isolated incident. He don't have anthrax Right Tommy cheese at Thompson man and a public out there. Malim Lillia They're just they can't they can't wait that flag or fast enough and hard enough and hide up wave it long and proud baby and the flag to God It is just stupifying you know what I'm saying. Yeah, the stoop part underlying that part stupifying good song 300 need two votes on the poll if we're having a lesson for governor and Florida right now this minute who'd you be voting for? Bill McBride 207 votes jab bush 109 mole Howard David 44 as a right in I guess I won vote 22 I think we'll put mole on a poll every day. You know it sure just as kind of an outlet for them moleckers out there The mole they hear them the more they get obsessed there. The psychotic about the mole votes the better that's right the mole the better that's what Eric says Eric likes a lot of those extra votes Of course, eric, you know, he's under a lot of stress a lot of pressure up there. He has issues If you say that one more time about he has issues I say that about everybody I know it and I can't stand it. It's another one. It was really idiotic expressions man I can't even issues I Can't Oh, it sounded so much better than eric has issues. I mean, you know other people could have issues but eric has issues like like what what did they have like brunch and lunch and later I could have even go one latest issue of TV guy the latest issue of gluten's glutton's anonymous Yeah, Eric Joe is joined the organization year to have that GA was gamblers anonymous which a lot of people on this station should belong to he belongs to glutton's anonymous That's bad just because he weighs 600 pounds he lost an answer to you said right like 60 pounds What was he downed out like 450 Hey speaking of that a lot of people out there fat including me. We're a lot of us fat folks. I can make fun but believe me looking at me. It's not a pretty thing So let's talk about the lights of West Boca. You've also heard how great the atkins dad works well the places shop for all your atkins needs is still a leader in the night industry We're talking about the lights of West Boca. Can you imagine a little low carb no fantasy. Let's just scoop a ice cream on a hot day like today I'd personally rather have like nestle's turtle myself How about over a thousand low carb no sugar products is ready for you to taste like with a little hot fudge melted on it You can always try it before you bite and it delights his 25% off all atkins products all the time from candy to cookies to snacks to bread's In vitamins the lights of West Boca's got it all with more great stuff arriving every day like the brand new Controlled carb brownies they just got in four delicious flavors like peanut coconut classic and cherry I bet you where I come back to town a couple of weeks. I bet you a PD Lenny will be having a whole bunch of them brownies in their cases of it I sure hope you enjoy him and they taste like your grandma's recipe not because they're not gonna taste good Because you know me in my sensitive stomach. Do you like to West Boca on an ortho score of blades in 441 in poker? You're open till 10 seven days a week call 877 low carb or check them out on the web at low carb dot com the lights of West Boca with a staff full of knowledge to put you on the path to losing those fat Discusting grow test ponds that make you unhealthy and look like a tub check out all the great stuff And you like your official atkins diet 7 You're going back to Canada you too fast Okay, you think that you're in Oh, so they're all star game Cousuros sports really soft You've got dogs led runs you should lose with guns when a way to and such And you fish for ice you think hockey's nice cause it's played without a brain Oh, a canada Who knows you Give me my old star game I want it back now Space ball in Canada makes me a blue child 1656 WQM you better get with it. Okay, all you idiots down there because we got our priority straight up here the big issue in the world of the oh wait a minute Source tells the star McLean and CBC already had that on a only 25,000 apart But you know something I could go downtown like right on on a young street and collect that 25 grand for rhyme or clean in a couple hours Of course, I probably pocket most of it. You see what I'm saying? Yeah, I mean 25 grand Canadian that's only about 15 grand US it's small potatoes So if they're only 25,000 apart they could like chop off some of that CBC evening news or some of the crap they put on or you know like some of those wild the northern west You know what I'm talking about where there aren't a shoot moves like that bits it Yeah, that's right. Cut a little bit of that crap. Just take a couple of the rock Canadian Maudies and stuff I'm or something okay give that 25 grand a rhyme or claim we want rhyme or claim and don't share re on hockey that and get it Oh damn it we're gonna send 75 million emails to the goddamn CBC and to love bats and everybody else and all the ships and see and foster Hewitt and everybody else too and then he gallivan and Dan Kelly and Bill Hewitt and Jeff River and Joe Bowlin keep going man keep going with Joe Bowlin I'm worked up and pissed off about this I'm serious you can you the news paper zero treating this like this is like WWE three man So you can't relate to what it's important heavy duty stuff. Well, I'll trade it now. Let's see and exactly that's my point That's my point they they're up here. They're not invading anybody then I drop in La Bomba They're not planning to assassinate anybody They're just the we're mind in our old business. Okay. We're taking care of important business hockey season starts in a few days And that's what's important here is goddamn La Bats hockey night and Canada God dammit and coaches corner with Ron McLean Not what's unlike old-fuddy day like great back-dave Hodges hundred years old or Brian Williams is his boring his dog poop We don't want any of those stutterless Scott oak Looks like a wooden oak tree. We don't want those assholes on here. We want our boy rhyme or claim don't wait you back I'm gonna go out to with a goddamn Canadian flag right after the show today and jump up and on and stand up there a young and bluer and just carry on like a maniac What's your thing that's a good idea Or I could go up to the fire doctor and like come into a side like a you know who did that like a lot of the victims from the child Melissa's that maple leaves gardens those kids They used the mind. I think they blocked off the vibe of that because it became a very popular suicide jumping off point Well, shout out a thought that maybe going to the top of the sea and tower and a joke Joe Costellan's buddies went to the sea and tower Maybe there is an access to get to the outside from up there and I forgot to ask them how do you get to the No, no, there's an elevator that takes you right up to the top of the sea and probably we'll look out on the railing and like the space thing I don't know I don't I'm not crazy about heights myself Feds Warren drug makers gifts to doctors maybe illegal. Oh, this is this is great The bush of an estration told doctors yesterday essentially by your own golf balls get your own balls Concert tickets and vacations because drug makers who offer such incentives run risk running of all of the law See the doctors aren't part of that special group. You know I'm saying You want to you want to know why because they don't have any oil oh in a draft meant to offer guidance to the industry The office of the Inspector General took him at some common practices and said they could lead the civil or criminal charges Let's go after those guy-dand corrupt doctors is what I say Suspect activities include ping doctors to act as consultant researchers in marketing efforts Paying pharmacies or doctors to switch patients from one drug to a competitor Providing scholarships grants for research and other gifts with more than normal value to doctors just ask your buddy Moses about this He'll tell you all the scams that are going on he has most of which he's probably got his finger in Now he's the busy guy to finger other places The guidance comes after years of concern about some drug industry marketing practices critics say such Tectics influence doctors to prescribe certain drugs and lead to a higher cost for consumers the draft lays out for the first time in one document What the government expects and by the way speaking of higher costs for consumers drugs up here first of all a lot of the stuff that's prescription down there in the US Yeah, over the counter here like my Allegra Excellent, Clarence over the counter And they ended prescription drugs most of them a hell of a lot cheaper those diabetes test in strips. Yeah, much cheaper The draft now up for 60 days of public comments as some nominal cost gifts are okay, but does not give specifics and says it says a voluntary code of ethics It's adopted a summary pharmaceutical research and manufacturers America should be considered a minimum standard The code says sales reps can buy doctors meals on occasion, but only in conjunction with medical education and only at the pizza lot golf balls are bags and blazing with room company logos and I'm so if your doctors got like some companies logo on his balls dump him Neither our tickets to entertainment events cash payments are other incentives given for prescribing product So if you're getting a panther tickets your doctor then Dump them The draft guidance also says drug companies can face charges for reporting average wholesale prices that different substantially from what is actually charged in touting those prices in marketing and that's because the government uses those prices on a few drugs covered by Medicare If the drugs are sold for less doctors can go for the higher amount and keep the difference ready for that It's a tactic drug makers use the lure doctors to their products costing taxpayers a billion dollars a year the government estimates grave robbers butchers murderers Am I getting a Senator what pill pusher's oh Oh 4 Canadians have been placed on alert and told a prepared to head for Iraq as part of the wind weapons inspection team A Canadian diplomat says how do you like that as part of the inspection team not to blow anybody up that to shoot Sodom or some of your mom or anybody else is part of the inspection team and I guarantee the bushings aren't too happy about that If you notice how pissed off they were about that? I know you're wrong I pray hands blicks as we're going back in there. We got an agreement. Yeah, and not so fast We want to see those seven palaces baby. That's where he's got all the good stuff That's where he's got all the good the porno flicks at those palaces Speaking of scumbags viking star charged with marijuana possession Minnesota viking star receiver Randy Moss was charged yesterday with possession of a small amount of marijuana Adding to charges last week that he pushed a traffic officer with his car the new petty misdemeanor Count curious to find about the 200 bucks, but it could also lead way suspension or find from the NFL Police said they found a marijuana cigarette in moss this car after he was arrested September 24 Moss was driving in downtown Minneapolis when the traffic officer stepped in front of his car to stop him Making illegal turn. She was slightly injured when she fell off the car Moss went the night in jail with charged the next day with careless driving and paid you to obey a traffic officer Both mr. Miners the complaints said the marijuana might have just under a gram Moss has said the marijuana did not belong to him and he allowed other people to use his car recently Moss under one another test by the NFL after his arrest last week NFL spokesman Greg I ever said league would review the case under the policy and drug related violation of laws grounds for discipline reaction I ever said If Moss has positive for banned illegal substance or is convicted on possession charge he could be subjected to fines and suspensions by league He was allowed to play last Sunday's 48-20-feel laws at C. L And like they say in China, coroner's telfin didn't help 400 three votes on our governor pull 222 for Bill McBride 111 for Jeb the bushmeister That sounds like two two two and one one. I'm interested Mohour David 46 46 and I won't vote 24 Walt Disney company chairman and chief executive Michael Eisner yesterday said reports of a possible combination of Disney's ABC news division with a well-time order Inksian and news division are very premature. Thank the Lord. Thank you. Good both ABC and CNN have conversations about more official ways to deliver the news Eyes who said and he wouldn't give the chances such a deal happening more than 50 50 odds However Eisner said that putting together the broadcast and cable news operations would fit in with Disney's way of running its divisions He pointed out that the management In charge of daytime programming was also responsible for its soap net cable channel just as those who run the tune Disney cable channel also run the ABC Saturday morning programming Eyes tomatoes comments at the Goldman Sachs Communicopia conference in New York the Disney CEO said the company would also consider a sale of its Anaheim Angels baseball team and a mighty duck's hockey team and a Brian Murray Disney's results this year were heard by a week economy drop and visitors at Disneyland and Disney World After last year's terrorist attacks and week ratings at ABC the Disney board approved last week an action time focused on accelerating growth of the company Eyes new says noting the companies reduced its overhead and improved its margin so it's only 50 50 you know what that means? It's done deal And you want to know why because they lie a lot It's just like you know radio management they lie a lot. Oh, we're not for sale and like a week later. Oh, we just got fought by a who's it gonna bias? Inpitted no no no no no no no no no no I got it. I got it here some way to bottom of my pile. I kept it That outfit that we never heard of before for some strange right. That's right. Oh Oh, there's my poster thing for Tom Walling the Carlos the sent me our here Carlos has got a couple of those Because we're here and a couple of them big get how mowing post something come visit the com now Michael Jackson to start new record label Jack goes back are we starting a new record label with the backing of a company that changes the name today from ID medical group to office media A music business website hits daily double dot com speculated Jackson might be involved when Opus issued a press release yesterday Stating they go in and a business with a major pop star But it checked by Fox 411 into the financial findings of ID medical shows that back in May when Jackson was freaking out about money and Tommy Matola He was busy making the deal with Opus media's Robert Gordon I don't have time for that because our new to one hours coming up. It's meals bits every Wednesday from noon to one Or we sit back in relation play a lot of good stuff give you a few chuckles Can George George loves it and Carlos loves it and I really love it I sit back here thinking about making plans for lunch Oh, and also just the point is out red ragged is the last meal for Anthony Hopkins's Hannibal lecture and that comes out on Friday, right? Yes, okay Are you just not up on these things you better get your red dragons man The Oscar when he act your first plate Hannibal accountable in 91 songs to the lens and revisited the role in last years Hannibal on Friday Like I said he completes a trilogy with red ragged and that's it. He says it last night's premiere people are saying This is the best one he said I agree. I love sounds of lamps, but this one has something else no more Hannibal movies no more He said his next home probably will be for dragon director Brett Ratner playing Superman's father, Jor L ever super-ans father? Yes Is that the role at Marlon Brando play yes? Well, I got news for you, Mr. he's good Anthony Hopkins, but he ain't no Marlon Brando no, can you see him playing in the godfather play what Don't call you Four minutes till noon at five sixty wq a m ha if your carpets took a beating during the summer time because of the rain and the schmutz and all the other crap And a kids being out of school here's the answer for you now that the fall is here Pick up the phone and call the experts at dry concepts. They'll never let you down They understand you put a good investment of those carpets are fortunate So instead of spending even more on brand new carpeting get the old ones in good shape look and just like brand new with dry concepts exclusive Patented dry cleaning method that sucks out when it down they suck it out the deep down dirt that's in the fibers your carpet Leave them look and just like brand new smelling lemon fresh and people will be amazed and so will you? It's just how fantastic your carpeting looks and they give you a written guaranteed price before they start to job Concepts here once you use them the first time you'll understand I've had them in my home for over 20 years now and they also do is to punish job at a fair price of clean your furniture and drapery Spot dying fiber protection carpet repairs in plenary a lot of service that second and on the authorization and if a flood strikes you Water damage restoration second and nobody anywhere So pick up that photo called rock concepts two day. They'll never disappoint in Broward call nine five four three seven O 77 78 nine five four three seven oh 77 78 and Vader Palm Beach is a tool free call 1 800 24 85071 1 800 24 85071 clean today. You can entertain tonight with dry concepts We're sports radio five six You way Hey, they stayed Goldstein, but you can call me healthy whenever I'm in town. I listen to wait a minute I am in town. It's the 12th of one hour time Gellie Talking on a sports show Triads to be my show Your voice sounds just like a A sad thing year-old girl Little sports whole show What else are you there? Gellie Talking like a baby who needs a little draining Like a chill on their stand You don't sound like a man We move the rubber bands that choke your stroke Come, healthy Tell me Gellie your lucky management don't care Because Gellie you don't belong there on the air And tell me those sports can wait till your voice cracks Because anyone who sounds like that should find another job And they should only shake you back when both your babies dropped Healthy Gellie When you're gonna grow up You make us want to grow up You silly, squeaky boo Go to broadcasting school You're pretty, you're a fancy boy Thanks you Sound like a touch You're a touch You're a touch You're a touch You're a touch I'm too sexy for my love Too sexy for my love What's going to weave me Oh Whoa I'm too sexy for my shirt Too sexy for my shirt So sexy in her Oh I'm too sexy for that web it That web it that web it's bloody getting I'm on the monitor I'm like webbing I do my little thing in the forest No, I'm on the monitor I'm on the web I do my little thing in the forest I'm too sexy for my voice Too sexy for my voice I put voice in my wife I'm too sexy for this forest We barely play it I'm hunting web it's I'm on the monitor I'm on the web it's I do my little thing in the forest I'm on the monitor I'm on the web it's I do my little thing in the forest I'm too sexy for that web it's And part me, Doc Are you talking about me? Ooh yes I'm gonna flesh you and use you for swimmers I thought you are a metric And you better put that gun down Let me go over for you I heard somebody Asked a web each to you would okay A ball I can be a goodie Tonight at nine on the food network It's Emerald diceclown Okay So tonight we're gonna kick it off a couple It's not just What the f*** you clap and clap on me I ain't cooked Yeah Chef Emerald diceclay Letters study day printin' all Show's you had to do things in the kitchen You never dreamed of Today I'm gonna show you how to smoke fish Place my f***ing sip bottle And nobody reads the recipe like Emerald diceclay Jack and Jill what up the hell Thumbake themselves some stew And just like an oven Jill needed some love and sorry point his meat in there Oh Is that genius? It's a hottest cooking show on table Wait, they can look at his foot warm Would you? No mom baby you know you'll want to grab my winner That Emerald diceclay Right after Iron Chef Bunch of f***ing snap ahead Good blindfold these people with dental balls Only on a f***ing food network Yeah In video stores everywhere From the people who brought you The fruit or may cooks with wine It's the fruit or may cooks with boys Oh yes the fruit or may cooks Italian A little man I got some lovely sausage for you The fruit or may cooks Chinese Today I'm going to make some young guy And of course the fruit or may cooks Greek Yes, if you're warm and fuzziel friend the fruit or may Like you've never seen him before He may be frugal with his money But not with his socks The fruit or may cooks with boys Only 1995 the video store near you And don't forget coming next fall It's the fruit or may cooks with malt liquor We all natural isn't as easy as you used to be Why we haven't changed a thing At fuckers, jam and jelly Just all natural goodness in every jar of Fruckers since 1920 and we still make our jams the old fashion wine With each batch started with can by mother fucker herself She makes sure that only the flases fruit and pure cane sugar going to our jams Because you're seeing being all natural is what fruckers is all about and fruckers just wouldn't be fruckers Without old mother frucker Today has got a bunch of little fruckers who love her jam-cho Showed our next time you want the best look for fruckers would all mother frucker write on the label Gosh with our name like fruckers it has to be good perhaps one of the most interesting words in the English language today is the word Fuck out of all of the English words that begin with a letter half Because the only word that is referred to as the f word It's the one magical word just by its sound can describe pain pleasure hate and love As most words in the English language is derived from German the word Freakend which means to strike in English F*** falls into many grammatical categories as a transit of verb for instance John Surely it's meaning is not always sexual it can be used as an adjective such as John's doing all the f*** work As part of an adverb Shirley talks to f***ing much as an adverb enhancing an adjective Shirley is f***ing beautiful As a noun I don't give a f*** As part of a word absolutely for In f***ing credible and as almost every word in a sentence f***ing f***ing f***ers As you must realize there aren't too many words with a versatility of f*** As in these examples describing situations such as fraud I got f***ing that they use carolot This may off f*** it Trouble I guess I'm really f***ing now aggression don't f*** with me buddy This missile why don't you go outside and play hide and go f*** yourself I'm sure you can think of many more examples say it loudly and proudly f*** you Amen it's a nine pass new to QA man by the way should put out here that did you ever see the video version of that where the guy actually reads that then no there's a video We have a channel called movie all over the head like short vignettes short condense movies and short little things And a couple of weeks ago I forgot to tell you this there was a it's an all-film thing Like probably made in the f***ies I guess get it's a it's a guy in a black suit very distinguished looking guy and he comes out and And it's longer than that it goes on at the greater length That's kind of like an excise version of when that we play there. They must be a way to get that you have to see it to believe it Anyway, this is a good fact from Bill yeah, it says maybe you Maybe you should write that book the best of meals See on our website on earajus.com erick scutter and isn't using I'll say that I can credit for that the best of meals how I how I attacked of a fae by Neil Rogers. He's actually got like a book cover under with the real books that we Like just read people are believing it and he says I smell of that cellar I went to the bookstore and tried to order it's his bill Well, why would they believe it? I mean, it's there with all the other books and scutter cover of a book and I think he's got a good idea I might just write the guy damn thing y'all are you when it goes right it just to answer a bunch of questions for some guy And wouldn't it be a great name for a book the best of meals how I attacked of a fae by Neil Rogers PSY's the best radio host you not in a nation wine fire agent because my agents have pus Bill That's the answer that okay. So want to be he wants to be a baseball player. He wants to be a talk show He wants to be a lot of things, but he's not a radio agent just as George he'll tell you Oh, like I said You're dancing Well, I'm just Tony he's like, you know, he wants to play at a big leagues with a big voice Everybody else in his business who's on doing talk for like 10 minutes a day is like syndicated on 100 stations minimum Right and in this say you know this clown Just ask my good friend Lynn Samils New York. She'll tell you this show ought to be syndicated. She loves me like crazy And it's mutual and her website by the way's got great stuff on it Lynn saying those dot com It's 11 past noon at 5.60 WQAM. There's never been a better time to purchase or New home or we find answer existing on which is exactly what I was just gonna say how about this rate? How does this sound 3.95% That's right the financial group can offer you an unprecedented 3.95% by picking up your phone right now calling them at 1 809 40 L-E-N-D That's 1 809 4053 63 the money you're gonna save is unfelivable Unbelight like I said think about it you need yourself a hundred thousand dollar loan for only 450 bucks a month Or a 200 thousand dollar loan for just 950 bucks a month the process is simple you'll save thousands of dollars each year So pick up that phone right now grab it and the phone too and call our good friends at financial group tool free 1 809 40 L-N There's never been a better or smarter time to get to a low interest rate So call financial group term Todd wreck told you to call you be on a way to big savings and by the way Todd also give you the name of Steve M in Davy if you give his phone number in address and tell you where you get some really good crap Financial group there an equal housing lender credit restrictions do apply and rates are subject to Change so call him today tool free 1 809 for all L-E-N-D that's 1 809 for all 53 63 They don't come any better than Neil Rock Oharle Oh Okay, kind of a bad What Michael Jackson like to do? Kind of a bad movie quitting is it you? Okay, I'm sure you're not prepared to do it But we're not intended to do it We're always willing to do it We're always willing to do it We're simply not used to it We're always willing to do it We're always willing to do it Yeah It's a good movie It's a good movie Raccoon I was right No dream To all of the detectives Oh, and a very lovely lady That said, next to my... What she got her to eat She has to buy her whole purse I was more than happy to To know this more I'd like to do I want to kiss her, but Raccoon She won't let me I want to whisper So even up in the ears Raccoon I want to hold her behind Close doors and more Raccoon I want to kiss her, but She won't let me When she returned She says she was an actress She showed me an album of pictures of her opening Which even said no She seemed as if she could be But I could clearly see She was the kind girl So that hearts just then wrecked up I want to kiss her, but She won't let me I want to whisper So even up in the ears I want to hold her behind Close doors and more I want to kiss her, but She won't let me Well, I'll never forget The dream that ends up all still We're sure the sleep And we shared our tales But as long as we're hard for the leave of behind We're grants our all my part Because I hope that you've better In the end I want to kiss her, but She won't let me No I want to whisper So even up in the ears Raccoon I want to hold her behind Close doors and more I want to kiss her, but I want to kiss her, but She won't let me No I want to kiss her, but She won't let me No I want to kiss her, but She won't let me No I want to kiss her, but She won't let me No I want to kiss her, but She won't let me No I want to kiss her, but She won't let me No I want to kiss her, but She won't let me No I want to kiss her, but She won't let me No I want to kiss her, but She won't let me No I want to kiss her, but She won't let me No I want to kiss her, but She won't let me No I want to kiss her, but She won't let me No I want to kiss her, but She won't let me You show on the ground got everybody to you and say Now he's been used to this for cousin everyone's blues and say If you're near to make sure hope he likes the fucking same That's going to blow的人 now This is Rush Wimball, servant of humanity, touch show host, hemorrhoid sufferer. Folks with over 300 pounds, I know the agony of this kind of dilemma. Ladies and gentlemen, I'm here to tell you there's help. With new preparation rush and my rush to excellent repositories, now you can end the pain and it's ring of hemorrhoid tissue just with my picture of a box of suppositories and the applicator tube. Another fine product from OIB, the obesity and broadcasting of the work. And now here's Timmy Dean, founder of Timmy Dean Forks sausage, with a few words about new Timmy Dean Vagal sandwiches. Hello, I'm Timmy Dean. You know, I still want to tell me a 25 years ago that I'd be making bagels. I'd have said, huh? That's due food, isn't it? But times have changed and I guess I've got to change with them, but I don't have to like it. You people want your bagels, I'll give you your bagels. With a bagel grease, slab, a Timmy Dean port sausage, Johnny. New Timmy Dean, non-coachier bagel sandwiches. If you're Jewish, you can buy him. You just can't eat him. New Timmy Dean bagel sandwiches. There's a little bit of bigot in everybody. I like women. I mean, I love women. But sometimes I can't find a woman who likes me. That's why I'm glad there's a drive up Jack in the box at my neighborhood. The new Jack in the box sperm bank, perfect for the guy who can't find a woman when he needs one. We're out here on the streets of the city asking people what they do for a conduct bar. Excuse me sir. What would you do for a conduct bar? I don't know. Would you kiss me? Kiss you. This is the quick pack on the cheek. Is there a conduct bar? Okay. Okay give me my conduct bar. Oh, you can do better than that. Can you make kiss me full on the lips? And a lip for a conduct bar? Okay. Now give me that conduct bar. People are starting to look. Alright, I'll give you your conduct bar, but first you have to kiss me open mouth with your tongue tickling my youbula. Is there a conduct bar? Oh god. Okay. Oh god. Look at that lady for conduct bar. Yes, about that. What? Well, you see, I don't actually have a conduct bar. You know, no, but it was very nice meeting you. Very, very nice. I'm going to kill you. Chocolate coated ice cream, so rich and thick there's no room for a stick. Who would you do for a conduct bar? And now, language lab. The show that teaches you a foreign language in less than 60 seconds. Today's lesson Greek. Listen one. Strawberry pie. Strawberry pie. Listen two. Apple pie. Apple pie. Listen three. Pumpkin pie. Pumpkin pie. Customer. What kind of pie do you have? Answer. Apple pie is from berry and punky. Language lab is a public service. I mean, not be copied or advice for yourself. You're welcome. It's 25 to 5.60 WC. Weakly Wednesday, noon to one. But, Anza here. He's a banana. Oh, speak of that. Don't forget, look for the QM van the Savonum. 4 to 6 of the public located at the 155 North West of the East stream. And get what will be there in the van. Stop by the win prizes in the first 60 people coming and say, Cash banana. Well, when free scratch off tickets come and mention the Florida lottery. 461 votes on a poll. If you like some per governor being held today right now, who'd you vote for? Bill McBride 257. Jeff Bush 122. Mohour David 53. Wouldn't vote 29. 29. We call Citrine Schwuchs out there. Who, what? You need them to water. We can't make them vote. It is this sound like you. Overwork underpaid. Stock of dead end job. Uh-huh. Underappreciated. Do yourself a favor and pick up the phone and call our good close personal Pallies at Fastrain, toll free at 1.86. Fast train. The demand for certified computer professionals has never been bigger and better than is right. Now, and Fast train can help you achieve that new career and start making some serious cash and his little four months. Just imagine how much you have to spend it. How much cash you'll have to spend it's defense house and baby, right? When you have a great new job, that's right. You can buy it all anyway. Fast train is South Florida's largest certified Microsoft training center with locations all over time. Is one in Pembro Pines, one in Fort Lauderdale, one in Kindel and one in Miami. And Fast train offers convenient day and evening and weekend classes. Fast trains got a full time job placement department with over 30 year experience placent folks. So if you're underpaid, overworked, underappreciated, or stuck at a dead end job working for some schmuck, don't wait another minute. Pick up the phone and call Fast train at 866 Fast train. Think about it. And just for sure, it must. You could be on your way to becoming a high paid computer professional and clear with greater than potential. So take it from us. Pick up that phone and call Fast train right now. One, eight six six fast train. Be sure to tell me that Steve M and baby told you to call. One, eight six fast train or check them out of the web if you like it. Fast train dot com. My and local year sports video five six. You a yeah. So we but don't make mistakes. Oh. Hello, you have reached the key workers choice catalog and information line. To speak with a representative or if you have a rotary phone, please stay on the line. Thank you. Transferring to an operator. Please wait. Take these catch from service. This is Louisiana may help you. Yeah, my Louie and Hi. Hi. You like Dickies. Sure. I guess a lot of women do. I believe so. My woman says she loves to get Dickies. I see. She likes a lot of. Yeah. And understand some gay guys like Dickies. Well, I really don't have to. Yeah. What's the biggest Dickies you've seen? I think we can see they're not going to be a lot of people. Oh, my God. You like Little Dekies too. Fair. I think my girl, basically likes Dickies. Well, is there a point to this conversation? Sorry. Yeah. Yesterday I could just say Dickie a lot on the phone. Yeah. Were you wanting to place an order, sir? For what? For clothing. Alright. I want to talk about Dickies. We'll start that. What we carry is clothing. Um, Bickie Dickie. Um, yeah. Sir, if there's no other reason that you're calling this. I'm out of like Dickies and a lot of women like Dickies. I'm gonna disconnect. No, when they're talking about Dickies When I'm watching or I went from on those days mine He starts screaming things on azalees Scratching like a banshee, took a beat Took a beat, took a beat, took a beat He should shut his by hole, took a beat When the end's all came, took a play I promised and climbed with me Where did this guy come from? Took a beat, took a beat No, but thing is awesome And everyone's just beat to beat When she keep his job shut, took a beat Took a beat, took a beat, took a beat Took a beat, took a beat Give me a beat, take a beat Take a beat, take a beat Take a beat, take a beat And really is a nice, take a beat What a guy he wears in Newt the dance. Some people call it a bar dance. Hot gala in dirty square dance. Up with the pedico, down with the dance. In with the victory everybody dance. Girls win rag, I don't want to forget the walls. You have to win a horror on promenade doll. Girls grab your partners, firmly find a ball, drag them down on the legs of the walls. Make a homiler, make them shout. Put your pretty ass up against his mouth. Make the girls take it later, pass. Turn, make the figure up the four guys I have. Figure out promenade dolls. Now release the four guys ball. Down with the pedico up with the dance. Dance in the gunder the dirty square dance. No, she's no I reckon. I'm taking a little grab me some free fried potatoes. No, how the Clinton spent their first night in Chepacua. I'll get it, hi. No, I'll get it. Don't worry about it. Come on, I'm coming. Come there. Hello Mr. President, I'm Sarah Rubin. You're a human. Yes, my family lives in that Victorian house, crosses tree. It's not so very nice house and you have very nice legs. Well, thank you, Sarah. And welcome to our little town of Chepacua. Hope your family will enjoy living here. I think I will. My daughter, I'm in and I have made you this little welcome to the neighborhood. It's our family recipe for pineapple upside down cake. I like to take your pineapple. Anyway, I'll stop that outside ways. Thank you Mr. President. Bye, mom. Mom. Mom. No, it was just a lady from next door. That's all. Mom. Mom. I said I'll get it. Yes, and I'm shut up. Wait, wait. And there are black people. I can't believe it. Well, hello. Hello, Mr. Clinton. I'm a land press fan. You keep divorced, I'm a UBS court. I know Sarah. I'm sorry, Mr. Crickons. We're looking at a new U-war. I just wanted to welcome you to the neighborhood. Well, the escort is not here yet. If you want to jump on a little Charlie. No, Sarah. All right. Well, I'll sleep later. I'll wait. Whatever your statement. No, just another neighbor. You can make some food. Oh, sweet, Jesus. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Jesus, that's all about going crazy. I get it, I get it, I get it. Great Caesar's ghost. Hi, Billy. It's me, Marika. Good. Got all money. What do you think of my new bond? What are you doing here? What? What the house next door with my kitty, Craig Money? Oh, my God. We'll be seeing a lot of each other in the U-2000. No! We'll be looking for a P-U. Ha ha ha. In the morning, a lot of things to enter based my new business of insurance. Pardon? You know, verse the time. Yeah. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. I don't care what you've done. Murder, embezzlement. If you're a top-limated woman, what come making? If you've got the loot, I'll give the charges. The loot! Ha ha ha. Even though I'm no longer the president of the United States, and I possess no real power, I'll have found a way to Jerry Rage the system. I stole the diamond from the Zales' jewelry store. How much you got? About a thousand bucks? Pardon me. Yeah! Yeah! Hey, I am business 600 million dollars for my brokerage firm, Jackpot. How much you got? A thousand dollars? Pardon me! No! I lost off my husband's belly. No can do mama's seat to try Jacobi and Mars. Part university is not affiliated with any institution of higher learning, and they'd be illegal in most states. If you've got the bread, the charges are dead. Yeah! Pardon me! Pardon me! Pardon me! Pardon me! Ignos boys and girls' big news. CBC confirms negotiations to a resume with Rama Klein's agent. But you like to add up? I feel better. But only 25 grand a part. You can come up with that and you and Carlos. I'll cough it right up. 25 grand Canadian. It's only 15 grand a year. You ask no problem pocket change. In fact, when that next bonus year comes through, when. Like I said, no problem. Maybe he'll be there October 10, whatever he'll be. He'll be there. He'll be there. He'll be there. Rama Klein don't share it. I have no one. That's her problem. 21 to 1 is 560 WQM-476 votes on our Google inter-relection. Pulled them a cry 267, G. Bush 125, Mohour David 54, and I won't vote 30. George has been strict for the additions to a thing in his house. That's great. A new bedroom and a great job. And if you're one of those people out there who loves your home, but you need more room, maybe you had an unexpected baby like George did. And you're pretty pissed off about it. But anyway, do the smart thing, call strictly additions. If you're converting a carport or patio in living space, if you went into business for yourself, I want to make a home office. Call the experts at strictly additions because they'll do a spectacular fantastic job for you. Either your one-stop shop, more space for your place, place, with an absolutely positively worrier for your approach to expanding your living space. The no-show's you're used to buy the contractors. What happened? And complete work. No chance. No unexpected bills. No worries about the job not getting done right. And they take care of every last detail. They draw up the blue prints to get the building permits, handle all the inspections. Strictly additions has got that easy five-step approach to total customer satisfaction. Just as Penny Lining, he'll tell you what they are. First of all, they call the schedule a free project evaluation appointment. At your home, where a project estimator will determine the exact scope of your addition, number two schedule a bit of home and another convenient forum, where you'll get a detailed proposal and an exact price for your work. Third, select your finishing touches, go to contract. Fourth, review the design and architectural drugs, and then fifth, sit back with a big smile on your lazy person relax. As your dream edition moves ahead, on schedule with unbeatable quality. Check them out of the yellow pages. They serve all of our in South Palm Beach County, and they do us to pennies job for you. Call strictly additions at 9504-791-8100. That's 7954, say it again, 9504-791-8100. Their license, they're insured professionals who care about doing a super job for you and they will. 9504-791-8100, be sure to tell them that old meal, PD Lining and Jorge, told you to call strictly additions. My life and love, this is for you by city, or in two way air. Oh, double EQAAM! Oh, double EQAAM! Oh, double EQAAM! Oh, double EQAAM! Oh, double EQAAM! Oh, double EQAAM! Oh, double EQAAM! Oh, double EQAAM! Oh, double EQAAM! Oh, double EQAAM! Oh, double EQAAM! Oh, double EQAAM! Oh, double EQAAM! Oh, double EQAAM! Oh, double EQAAM! Oh, double EQAAM! Oh, double EQAAM! Oh, double EQAAM! Oh, double EQAAM! Oh, double EQAAM! Oh, double EQAAM! Oh, double EQAAM! Double EQAAM! Oh, double EQAAM! Oh, double EQAAM! Oh, double EQAAM! Oh, double EQAAM! Oh, double EQAAM! Oh, double EQAAM! Oh, Double EQAAM! Oh, double EQAAM! Oh, double EQAAM! Oh, double EQAAM! Oh, double EQAAM! We can have both… Come on! Wow, double EQAAM! Oh, double EQAAM! Oh, double EQAAM! Oh,, double EQAAM! Oh, double EQAAM! Oh, double EQAAM! Look at me, I think! I'm not swear! I'm a thing done, Betty, man! I'm really dead! I'm fire ready when I want! I don't care! But please, they make me flip my wig made a smelly green hair! I got pided myself, it even happens to the greens! Westwin once said you get out of here, I'll sweep break your legs! So now I sit by the bull, life's as good as it gets! With my colored and cartel, praising bets of the gents, to paradise! Paradise and I kiss nobody's ass in paradise! I'll be sure that not the screw kids will get the gents, but the greens aren't ready with my lime green pants! Now, what does it take? Kelsie calling the plate! It was just a little thought, so what I left this day! I think that's funny when I left the sandwich buddy! I can do what I want, because the management loves me! Can I tell you something? Oh, something you ought to know, but along this time, I want to give it to me my own! Oh, you're my type-out, now I have to pay. Hold on! Who's the fool? Who's the fool? I don't take no for an answer to that! What is that? You! What's your name? I don't think! What's your name? I don't think! What's your name? I don't think! What's your name? I don't think! What's your name? I don't think! What's your name? My name is... My name is... My name is... My name is... My name is... My name is... My name is... My name is... My name is... My name is... My name is... My name is... My name is... My name is... My name is... My name is... My name is... My name is... My name is... My name is... My name is... My name is... My name is... My name is... My name is... My name is... My name is... My name is... My name is... My name is... My name is... My name is... My name is... My name is... My name is... My name is... My name is... My name is... My name is... My name is... My name is... My name is... My name is... My name is... My name is... My name is... My... My name is my name is my name is my I can teach you what to me kicked out back in junior high Stand the problem was something pro now my ass and die I shot him in the face with my favor The worst happened later when I covered his desk with use toilet paper I walked in the strip club my test was filled up For the bartender took a dozen a ticker Went over to a dance ahead of fucking agar She lifted a leg up and I knew she was a father Not a night and a set of my life I was lied to I just found out my mom got home Get us an ad dude I told her I'd go up to be a famous rapper They corrected about strange noises made on the trampor You know you was dirt when the women rushed to lead he's got a hold of back But you must need it really This guy at white castle set up was pretty cool But I had to go go drop the keys off and boom My anus my anus my anus my anus My anus my anus My anus You will go in a lake of fire, my religion better than yours. My religion better than yours. My religion better than yours. Here! My religion and the faith in the tree and the racial faith. My religion better than yours. My religion better than yours. My religion better than yours. What we like about the best time for a voice and where the dress. My religion better than yours. My religion better than yours. My religion better than yours. We have no respect for women. Driver cab to make a living by religion better than yours. My religion better than yours. My religion better than yours. You'll be a brahaparas, because we slaughtered takes and dropped and dropped. My religion better than yours. My religion may wish it better than yours. We knock on doors to father, you like former brushes, you are a real private religion's dad or anything or it was. But you were just better than yours, than religion's, my religion's, my editors and your orders. We were tisen right our bikes and gets you married lots of wise, my religion's better than yours. My religion's better than yours, my religion's better than yours. We don't want the views our brains remind us, let me go for a, my religion's better than yours. All right. So I'll pick me one at five, 60. You know something this new to one hour wins, damn standard, we need like nine, I don't like it, I love it. I love it. I feel like Pablo Picasso here, you know? I'm saying you're wrong, chillin' surfing. I'm swear like putting together a magical masterpiece every Wednesday. Anyway, if you find yourself looking at your head in the mirror and you want to speak it of masterpiece, if you see just the opposite like mong, all here is gone, it's vanished. It probably went down a drain, probably flew out the window, it's probably on the sidewalk somewhere. Now the choice is yours, you can have a mouthy-looking week. In fact, if you want to see what a mouthy-looking piece looks like, go to wqm.com, click on talk host and look at mow. And you'll notice all the grey on the sides, and then that kind of like, two-slok and animal, that's in the middle there. What kind of would you call that? Rindle? I think it's like Bryndle around. Oh man, char-choo's means lose, but if you want to be a winner, if you want to get your hair back and have it look great, the natural hairline system from my close personal body, Chuck Alphiari, that's the only way to go. That's why even a rich is slums in a world, go to Charlie Alphiari because no amount of money in the universe can get you a better look in peace than the natural hairline system. Because it looks like the hairline is going out of your scalp, instead of like a farmman, it will crawl up on your head and die. Pick up that phone and call tool free 1800-3212413. You got nothing to lose with the ball's spot because there's no obligation. If you were it for third days, I'm roll of the way it looks and feels and smells. If you don't get at least a little head two-three times a day, then return it for a full refund. And when you mention your watches, you get a $200 discount as well. And don't forget Charlie also services and repairs all kinds of hair systems, why you wait and not for only 25 to 30 bucks. So pick up that phone and get some hair back to smart way from Chuck Alphiari, call 1-800-3212413 or log onto their website if you like it, Charles Alphiari.com. I'm Lowe. This is Ortsworth, you'll find 60-4212A. Yeah, what happened there, George? I know that the Lord even loves Neorodges. If your toothpaste doesn't taste great, your kids don't brush long enough, which could lead to ugly tartar buildup. The solution? Regular checkups and brushing with new crust, the tartar control toothpaste lays with crack cocaine. They shine almost cut in there! Washing good for a session! Rust is not only clinically proven, it's also highly addictive, so your kids will brush and brush and brush. And brush and brush and brush. Come on, Billy, it's been 45 minutes! Sush and flush and flush and flush and flush and flush and... If you're not careful, you're going to wear those teeth down to little nebbins! Oh god no! Rust, I'm almost out of cross! Hook your kids and I healthy have it for life. Brushing with new crust with crack cocaine. Sure, I'm going to be late for work now, but it's good to see Billy brushing. Get out old man, this is a crud jacket! Billy, what are you doing? I did it out! Billy, what are you doing? Got to fall a crud and get more crud! You crust toothpaste, late with crack cocaine! Recommended by nine out of ten drug addicts! Oh, come on, see you! All right! Who'd they curse my name? You're ready! If I farted in heaven... Huh? Would I stand the shame? If I farted in heaven... Would the runchy smell... Huh? Send me straight to hell! Huh? Oh, can anybody smell? I've been heaven! Cause, guess I can see you! Cause, it lingers in heaven! Would you be ashamed? To hold my finger in heaven? Fuck! I'll know these things... When the flat lady sings... Cause I'll be the one who pray... Here! Cheers to heaven! Cause I know I'll be one who pray... Cheers to heaven! You know, I'm not impressed easily, but I'll tell you something. I'm blown away. Look at the timing on this! Bye-bye! The new weather show on 560 will you be way out! May I be for more days? I'm a-my-my-my-my-my-my-my-my. You know, they see the body as 90% water... As for killing your QA in... We know, we know, we know, we know...