Now the Neil Roger show on 560 W2AM. The mic comes if the headphones go. Yo, I'm a Tiger Year and Tiger Hays and Tiger Hays and Tiger Wear all the are booze. I'm a Tiger Year and Tiger Hays and Tiger Wear all the are booze. That's what we're upgrading friends like all Black people do. But why do you want to say it to so they can sound real cool? Yo, I'm a Tiger Year and Tiger Hays and Tiger Hays and Tiger Wear all the are booze. Now the big hits happen to find another word to use. It used to be real bad. But now it seems okay. When African Americans address themselves that way. Yo, I'm a Tiger Year and Tiger Hays and Tiger Hays and Tiger Wear all are new for booze. No longer the vernacular burration of booze. It used to be taboo. I'm a nasty thing to say. But now it's been neat all about my Black folks every day. Yo, I'm a Tiger Year and Tiger Hays and Tiger Wear all the are booze. I'm a Tiger Year and Tiger Hays and Tiger Wear all the are booze. Six and one, ten big synchips you're all included too. It really doesn't matter. Now this everyone is now us. Yo, yo, yo. Check it out. I'll be grandmas to school. I'll be wishing my say. Playing with my record. I've been wishing this. I got a rhythm. I'm not going to be a little bit. So this is a little unusual. I didn't expect to be here this morning because I'm ill in a little bit. In other words, healing. I'm dying out of the hair. Yeah, not really. Scratchy throat. I think this is allergies. This happens to me so often. Not an Amsterdam. I'm always the pick a good health. Except when I fall down and break my hand. But other than that, I'm always in the pick a good health in Amsterdam. But in Miami and in Toronto, it's allergies, baby. Allergies. Maybe it was that hockey game last night to kind of put me over the agenda. Might have been a hot night. Not a good night. Not a good night. Another two to one loss in overtime for Leafs. Tied it up with 20 seconds to go and anyone up losing night. A vacant effort. And I'm glad it's over. Get it over with already. It's almost June for crisis. You know, before you know, I'll be getting ready for fall practice. It was great. It was simulating. It was wonderful. There was no horn blowing. There was no big celebration last night. Because whatever they lost. That thing that Mo was talking about there at the end of WNBA. That Dykeball. I guess he's not aware of that. The fact and that's I'm not making that up. Remember when they first started at the LAD's Dykeball? Yes. And they actually made an overt effort to invite Lesbians to come out. I think that's the first time in history of America. That any sports franchise has overtly said, Hey, all you facts come out and see it because. Who else is going to watch that crap? But Mo did have a good point. And that is that when there's five people on the floor, everybody's entitled to touch it. At least once. That's how they do to Treasure Island. At least. So George is basically doing the show today. Although I seem to be doing all the talk and I don't know. Right now. Amazingly to me this. And you can ask Miguel because while we're trying to get a hold of you on your crappy cell phone. Yeah. For like 40 minutes this morning. Sorry, and Miguel came in there at about 7.25. And I was squeaking it out. I could barely speak. See, a lot of times you people out there in this audience. You have a cold and you have the sniffles and the scratchy throat. And maybe a little bit of flim, mung stuff like that. And it's not a cold at all. It's allergies, especially in San Florida. San Florida. The headaches, the sinus allergies. You know, the ones that he like right up with the assays. Yeah. Just a killer. And here it's either L or maple or one of those things. They have on the weather network. They keep showing the allergy reports. They have an index for that up there. Yeah. The suffering index, which is high today on my part. But nevertheless, I sound like me right now. And our good close friend Julio and engineering. Stop by this morning and I got back down on the floor again. And there were only me. There weren't five of us on the floor here unfortunately. And I was on the floor dealing with it and the tellosting too. And look how great it sounds here. It is. It sounds phenomenal. We can hear every thing that's wrong with your voice. Very, very little fart. You can almost smell it. You can smell it. Are you seeing an escalator? Will you shut up? All right. See now I can't really tell because now you're like all over the place. I told you you're going to do the show. But when I'm good and ready. Okay. I'll wait. But what was I just going to say before was so rudely interrupted. I was stupid little spec. Oh yeah. The line sounds great. I'm like yesterday. See, we took one step at a time yesterday. We got rid of that momentary delay. So that basically now it's like we're in sync. I hate to keep saying that. But although we don't have that crap anymore, but we're having to keep saying what? And also on top of that now we have that little dropout has gone. Great. Right. That twice. No, because I was listening to Hank a little bit less now. I think that's when I started getting Neil. Not because of Hank. But just at that time of the day, I guess it was just before the game was getting ready to start. And I was cracking under the pressure. And rightfully so. So you don't hear no echo. No. Good. I hear everything sounded just fine. It's fine. It's fine. So here's the results of yesterday's pool. And I have today's pool all figured out, which is a good thing because George is very weak on the old pool position. Joe Castello left me message yesterday said, thanks to all your people I've rifted him in the ass and the fact machine. And he pretends that it doesn't bother him. But we know that it does. Am I right? I don't think it bothers him. He knows about the biz. No, it bothers him. Just like it bothers you. Oh, a lot. I'm tearing my flesh off right now. So let's take a poll on that real real quick mini pool. Who should do the show today? And you'll who's sick and can barely speak or George. And really you have the advantage because one thing you don't seem to understand. Yeah. And it is when I go away and these vacations are left for the summer. There's not only a different number of people listening, but also different groups of people all listening. If you say so. No, I know so. All right. Talk it entirely. But there are people who listen. Just like that one. And that's what we had yesterday. You know about the interesting topics that George and Joe had. And you're doing that gay banter and Ella that the crap. And you have that other crowd. And of course in the meantime after a couple of days they realized that I'm back. They go on a separate way. They go over and listen to the light bulb or whatever it is. They're going to listen to the norm. Can't talk about HIV insurance. And then we have a my people who, you know, eventually will come back. Once they feel the coach is clear and that nasty little spick as some people refer to him. He's not doing the show himself or especially Joe. Well, I know what I'm voting for. On what? On this mini poll that you say you're going to take. I'm not taking any mini poll. Are you out of your mind? Had me going. Which of these phrases or expressions are the most written? I'll see. This is not right. Eric. You're good guy, Eric. But sometimes the fact gets it gets in a way. The keyboard. Not which of these phrases or expressions are the most redundant since they can only vote for one. Wouldn't you assume that it should have said is the most redundant? And you're correct. That's a common curve. I'll tell you there's nothing like Rickola. And I would sing that little thing that you'd like. I would sing that. But I'm my voice. I'll tell you. And I got the sugar free no less. And the good thing about Rickola. Unlike calls meant to lift this. And all those other things that you have to suck on. The sugar free ones in all those other brands. They have like a surmatole and multi-tall and crap at all. But what about your bottom? But this one does not. Rickola, no sugar added. This is Echinacea Green Tea Swiss herb cough drops. And I'm sucking on Swiss herb right now as a matter of fact. And it's helped dramatically also that Benadryl that I pop for my allergies. So if I not off here in the middle of the show with you to because George is mumbling again or because the Benadryl just kicked it. No, you can ask McGowan. I had no intention of being here. I know that's what he said when I came in. You're doing this. I was frantically trying to get a whole year's cell phone which George highest deep under the bowels it is. In the briefcase wrapped in a towel. Yeah, just to make sure we can't hear it just to case something like this comes up. But George is going to do the show or maybe not. We'll see. We'll see how hostile the audience gets. Fact put George probably won't take a lot of calls. Right. Now can we take one call here right now? Just as an audio test because the one that we took yesterday when we eliminated that momentary delay. Man, that sounded phenomenal. So I'm hoping in whatever world we changed today with Julio. I'm hoping that doesn't screw that up. Somebody just call into an audio test on it. Come on. Let's go. There it is. Five six seven. You got the head that pot opened McGowan. Yes sir. Open up that pot and shift out those seeds first. WQAM. George stock. Okay. Thank you. That's not a pretty good in it. Clear as a bell. I think I may have it. Are we laps? Oi. What's in these? Fraser. See, I don't need any assistance on those. No. I said do the show, but that doesn't mean drop in cram. I'm starting to think that Mo is going to point about you. By the way, Mo, I hate to break the news to you, but, well, I'm not going to say it. He shouldn't be talking about you when you're in the other studio there and you're looking at him. You know, that's not good style. He shouldn't be saying, what's that dumb little spick-doin in there now? You know, things like that. You should not do that. Because now that Mo and I are bonding, you know, it's a nice promo he gave me this morning there at the end? Sure did. Thanks, Mo. I think Mo eventually, if, you know, if this last long enough, I think you'll finally catch on. Don't you? No. Yes, you do. You just take it personal. And by the way, Mo, George never said those things about your planned pants or about your bad wig. I just made those up and he took it all personal. It's just business and you were taking it personal, Mo. Lighten up a little bit. Maybe he can show up this, is it this Wednesday and well, today is Wednesday. You're not doing it like I said, we've already done it. Next week. Next week is Treasure Island. We'll let him a whole week to a planet out. And see if there are five on the floor they each get to touch it. Which of these phrases or expressions is the most redundant we asked. Cheap old Jew, which of course is the first one came to my mind. Wins hands down 172. Cheap old Jew. Oh, hey! George had all of his anti-Semitic friends vote for that. We're just finatic 139. All of his hidden friends voted for that. Dumb Redneck, that was my choice. 135, which I still think. Oh, I didn't even mention the reason that I played that thing. Speaking of Dumb Redneck's about in my country there are no Negroes. No, you never did. James Carvell on CNN last night on Crossfire, which I hate that. I hated it before, but I was a channel surfing in between, Leafs, uh, futile me in trying to score a goal. And he was quoting, uh, the president of Brazil, well, the, El Presidente George W. During his European travels at some international conference, the president of Brazil was there. And G. W. goes over it. And in the mother Tucker Carlson never denied this, so must have been true. He goes over the president of Brazil, and engages him in some kind of meaningless chatter. And he says, by the way, in your country, are there any black people? I mean, Brazil. The James Carvell points out an accurately so that Brazil has the greatest number of black people, other than any, any other country other than Africa. And he showed a picture of Pale, the former great soccer player, who, like James Carvell pointed out, looked pretty good at God damn black to us. There's your president for you. Are there any black people in Brazil? He wants to know. The only thing that James Carvell left out was to reply. My country we have no need to go. Right. Dumbred in the 135, boring baseball game 103, pedophile priest 82. Now this is for redundancy, when trying to explain this to you for a lot of people. I don't get that. Pedophile priest 82, cheap French Canadian 79 did very well. Schwarzer Crack at 48, Jewating Airm45, hysterical old Julio 39, which I would have read you thought we'd had a hell of a lot more for that. But that's because your people are out there in mind, our back yet. Oh, I say, all the silly Britain 12 and Rude Dutchman only had four. I'll still believe. So there you go. That means that not enough you've been an Amsterdamian. Our good friend Julio, the engineer, is campaigning vigorously to be the one who got Amsterdam to set up the criminal there. I think that's a great idea. Not just because he's a fun-loving guy, and likes a good meal or three every couple of hours. But because based on the way he's got this thing all straight now, force and work can really sound a great idea. Don't you? Of course I do. Well, that's because you don't like Bobber move. I'm 13 at 5.60 QAM. It's big of amazing places to go. Let me tell you again, Armadillo Cafe, if you haven't checked it out. And I don't know why because it's been around for a very long time. I'm at his longsabin' in town. And I started in that little unassuming place on Davy Road extension there in Davy, and you drive by and you think, hey, I hear it's really a great place, but it looks like, you know, not much. But in spite of that, it just became more and more famous and more popular, because the food was so good that people would come from all over town. Be Armadillo Cafe. And now in a great new location, there's no excuse. There were 3,400 South University drive between 5.95 and Griffin Road in Davy. Right kitty corner of the pizza loft, there might be an appear when imports. So it's a great location, tons and tons of free parking. They got complimentary valley parking if you like to. And the food is un-matchable. Sir, not with an appetizer like the Tequila Grilled Shrimp with Corncakes, or they tempura island princess Conk. Try one of their terrific spinach salads with glazed pecans or the pistachio-crested mozzarella salad with the best infestions ingredients that money can buy. And while you're at the Armadillo, some of the enthrase you want to try, like the pan-seared yellowtail snapper with roasted peppers or the sea bass with sweet corn and a veal glaze, just tons and tons of amazing mouthwatering enthrase on them. And then, for dessert, it is beyond belief. The cramber lays the best you'll have anywhere in the world. And the warm chocolate fritters covered with hot pod, I'm sure I just just as I've ever had that and believe me, I probably better not. Call the Armadillo Cafe for reservations call 9-5-4-4-2-3-99-54. 9-5-4-4-4-2-3-99-54. Fireman will cafe one time you'll understand by for 14 years in a row. It's been voted one of the best restaurants in Broward County. It's smoke-free and like I said, tons of heat parking too. Armadillo Cafe, be sure to... And Tom Brokehaw tonight on the NBC Nightly News, the Reverend Thomas Crandell drew four years in the cling to two penance for distributing nothingphetamines and ecstasy from his Florida rectoring. The Pope was said to be relieved he was only dealing drugs. I'm Tom Brokehaw and we'll see it tonight. You sure won't be seeing me, I'll guarantee you that. Anyway, that's the big news yesterday to show you how desperate things are. Brian Williams to succeed broke on 2004. Not like later this year, not even next year, but after the presidential elections in 2004, meaning in November, so that's like two years over two years away. So like that's a big bulletin and we all knew they were grooming Brian Williams to be a successor anyway. Did we know that? I didn't know that. Yes you did. Just like they're grooming John Roberts to be Dan Rathas your placement at CBS. You knew that. No. Brian Williams will succeed. How come I can't read? I can't do spots. That's why you hearing tape spots because I can barely speak. But you know, it's way cause I remember one time I came back from vacation and I worked one day. This is only a couple years ago. I worked one day in the next day this allergy thing, which I think really comes from the plane. I don't think it's from up here. I think you get it on the plane, the bed, air you're inhaling. Right. And I was out three days in a row and I was like, I came back on I've worked on a Monday. No, maybe it was a Tuesday. Like this last set up deal. Like we had a holiday on a Monday. Worked on Tuesday and then it was out for the next three days. I remember that. Yeah. I don't think it was that long ago though. Well, whatever it was in the last day. That happens to me. I think it's from traveling on those planes without the crappy air. Crapy air on the planes. Anyway, Brian Williams is going to be doing the news and NBC and of course they have to give them those two years to work on his speech defect. So that the public will notice the difference so dramatically. I mean, is there any comparison between Brian Williams and Tom Brokeh on terms of a news deliverer? No. No. Tom Brokeh's got a speech defect that makes Barbara Walters sound almost normal. That's how bad his speech defect is. Not a joke. He can't speak. How does he get there? How does he get a job? Make it pictures. I say. No question about it. Brokeh's 62 in chief anchor man and there are a lot of you people on a Saudi and watch Tom Brokeh. So that's the poll today. And we haven't done this before. Somebody's going to say you just got through doing this a few months ago. No, we didn't. The poll we did a few months ago. What was your all-time favorite news person on TV? We had like water, cron-kide, and Ricky Tickie Sanchez, and David Brinkley and Chad Hally all of that all those people. Some of whom even our dead. HV, Kelton, born? Never him? Nope. No. Who is your favorite current network news anchor? Rick Sanchez, by the way, and I mention him because I know a lot of you people like you, and I'm not a poor little Rick who doesn't even come up to your ankle. He's not a news anchor. What is it? What is it? He's a showboat. No, no, but seriously, he's not a news anchor. I think you could probably say he's an asshole. Well, we'll be side that. He's not a news anchor. So here's my list and there may be some others. Maybe some people call in. I don't know. Maybe I'll take a call or two here. That course George is doing the show. Sort of. Eventually. No, I'm going to run out of gas and I don't want to talk too much because then I'll be out the rest of the week, which is the thing. Don't try that. That's going to be very bad to do. Dan Rather, Tom Broca, Peter Jennings, Brian Williams, John Roberts, Wolf Blitzer, or Don't watch any of them. Those are the ones I got so far. There are any other news anchors. Now Fox doesn't have any news anchors. Yeah, we counted Fox, CNN. But who is a news anchor on Fox that anybody knows? I don't want those people like who the hell are some of those people? Well, first of all, Bill O'Reilly, he's not a news subperson. And the same with John, what's the asshole from the OJ thing with a glass is John Gibson? John Gibson. He's not a news person. Because they don't really do news. What they do is they do like little news updates. Like we do the silly sports updates on QM. They do the same thing with the news. They don't have like a regular nightly newscast. So they don't have anybody who qualifies. Although they are very good cartoon characters. Especially, we need to cause being in the blackhead, bitch it's on there on a weekend. Who looks like Regas illegitimate sister. Can't buy less than anybody out? Not that I can think of. I mean, well, Float's Creek, I put as a news anchor because he does actually anchor news. I guess we could put Judy Woodruff on there for Christ's sakes. Okay. That bitch, it's always pillin' high. Oh, boy, she put that bitch on her, Judy. Oh, and by the way, speaking of bitches on the air and Fox, I'm going to tell you something is bad as Greta looked before and I admitted I was watching Fox in the empty room because CNN International blows. Greta's nose now is as big as some countries in the Asia. Yeah. I'm serious. She has got the manliest looking face now would I grow test new nose. And even though she looked like crap before. The idea that mad dog or anybody else who is not visually impaired can say that she's anything other than gruesome and really die key looking just astonishes the hell out of me. She's got tests. He doesn't like her anymore. He came around. And not only is she grow test, but her, she's so amateur hour. I mean, keep in mind, this is a former Wallashie a defense attorney or prosecutor. Well, one of those, one of those. Something from the legal system who also came out of that OJ episode along with John Gibson and about 400 other people. I'll and guess who was also on again last night during my channel surfing. The mustache mark, what else is named Goradino Gorasun like that? Some grease ball would have bad mustache. You know the one that's the Gary Condoloyer? Oh, that guy, yeah. That's the whole by the way, Eric, in case you're waiting for more, I think that's it. Because I don't see anybody calling in with any other suggestions. We're not talking about local news anchors. We're talking about which who is your favorite current network news anchor. Dan Bradley, Tom Broke, Peter Jennings, Brian Williams, John Roberts, Wolf Blitzer, Judy Woodruff, or don't watch any of them. And I think that I can't think of anybody else as a real news anchor. No, you covered everything I got. I covered it with a blanket. So there you go, there your choice is not very exciting. But it's timely. See if we can't be exciting on this show, let's at least be timely. Let's talk about speaking of Shandra. The one thing that they did discover, we said the fact that she was murdered, that was a better revelation we had yesterday from that Washington DC medical examiner. She was murdered. She didn't tire self-allop and knots and rolled down the hill into a tree. But they did discover that her body was intentionally. Somebody took great pains to hide her body where it wouldn't be found. Right, and I would only need to pretty good job because when they combed the park the first time, they couldn't find her. And then of course it was the guy was out walking his dog and the dog smelt it. And the guy went over and he looked under the brob, brob, brob, bush, and there she was. What was left of her? So that more and more it appears that Gary Kodd was not involved in spite of that brob from court TV that they had on her screaming with the condits lawyer last night. Now see this is all a regular cast of characters. I mean before 9-11 that that was going on every single night on everyone that was show, especially the King Meister. Every night, same cast of misfits. And this woman who just helped Ben and like I said yesterday, we do want Gary Kodd to be guilty. Is there anybody out there who wants Gary Kodd to have nothing to do with it? No! No! I think even his family in some perverse way would like to not be involved. Not his professional apologists son. May I well maybe a son did it? I didn't say that he did. I said maybe his son did it. I'm not sitting here making any accusations. It would be like my sitting here saying, you know, like Dom Deloise's gay. I don't do those kinds of things on his program. I don't say Dom Deloise's gay or my pioces's gay or Roberto Elamar's gay. Or who's the other one? Where the Anderson is gay. I don't say those things. Or Cam Nealy is gay. I don't come on here and say those things. I say maybe could be. Like Harry Karrie used to say it might be. It could be and then you figure that. So when you're going to start doing the show already. Hey, you tell me. I'll take over right now. We got all these calls on the board. You do? There's two of them. Oh, I don't want to step on your call. Yeah, call George. He'll talk to you because quite frankly. 926 at 560 WQAM. Hey, you think it depending your home or business. Don't paint. Protect your investment with liquid ceramic. Liquid ceramic the technology board in NASA space program is now available in South Florida. That's a good news for you. Liquid ceramic is the most advanced exterior interior and roof coating available. Because you two can have the very same high-tech ceramic technology that shields the space shuttle protecting your home or your building. You never have to paint again. Let me say it again. Liquid ceramic guaranteed for as long as you own your home or home or building. You'll never have to paint again. Forget about doing that. Repaining every few years. Because liquid ceramic won't fade. It won't peel. It's guaranteed. The state of the art coating contains an R24 insulation equivalency helping to bring those electric bills down to. It'd be available in over 18 hundred different colors. Check them out at 305-34751-22. Liquid ceramic's been manufactured in Seoul for over 40 years and the good news for users now. It's available right there in South Florida. Call 305-34751-22. That's 305-34751-22. Or visit them on the net at liquidsoramic.tv. And be sure to... We put a retarded girl in our own. We should be sure to show you how well it drives. We will. We will. We will. We will. We will. We will. We will. Our agency thought this would move some product out of the show room. Look at her go. This is funnier than watching retards at the park. We will. We will. We will. We will. We will. If someone had severely retarded, can help that much fun and enjoy. She's my retarded. She's having a lot more things to do. What's up with the engine? Okay. What's up with the engine? Are you done? Are you out of the car? Are you done? Are you out of the car? Are you done? No, I'm not done. I'm not done. I'm not done. I'm not done. I'm not done. I'm not done. I'm not done. I was causing the car because I wanted to hear the last help cap draw. I didn't. He was eager. I just wanted to ask you about this bread hum thing before you left. And also Miguel has a Paulazon question. Well, Paulazon is not a news anchor. That's number one. That was my number two. I don't think it, but I'll put it on there because we mentioned him yesterday. Is it all prune face and old fossil? And definitely a cartoon character. So you fit in perfect at Fox. It says bread hum formally of ABC. This is a facts we just got. Is the anchor for Fox News Channel. Okay. We'll take your word for it. Have you ever seen those two clowns that they have on a guy in the broad in the morning? I don't think so. Oh my god. Well, actually there are three of them. And it's, uh, can't like that chick that's on CNN real early in the morning before Paul comes on. Who looks pretty damn good. She's good looking, but she's a silly person. She's reporting stories on people dying and suicide bombings and all kinds of crap. And she's gigland and Putin kind of like a lighter, a lighter, complexed angel array of that same mentality. Brid hum will put him on there. Okay. There you go. Brid hum HOM. Let's get with it, Eric. I see Eric is dittled with that Paul. So it says which news anchor question mark. Well, he's getting around with it. How are you just going to do? You're going to do the show because it's the problem me today is I am. And I don't why I should feel like this with his few vacations as I get. Right. Why should I feel guilty about going back to bed? Because when you get this scratching the throat, not an old about you. Especially if you had to do the show if they're like, I'm on the way for the summer. Right. And all of a sudden you stuck in the scratching the throat. Do you like talk to yourself because I do that all the time? Like before the show or just in general. No, no, I'm just talking about in general. In other words, to see how bad your voice is. Oh, yeah. No, it's starting from the time you get up like in the shower. Right. I like to see if I like to protect and if you can speak. And this morning, I could barely speak at all because I have these allergies or the crud from the plane trip coming back or whatever it is. Or maybe my, you know, anti-work allergy, which kicks in very heavy duty. Or maybe the anticipation of coming back to Miami for a few days very soon, which really just sends me into orbit. I thought worse than death itself. Just wait. All these things. So at any rate, but I at least will be able to come back down there and bond with Mo and a lot of my good friends in a bully. I can't think of anybody other than screw in in the water Nazi and Maddie Bell and Jerry Sarner. I'm just thinking of the people in the building. I really don't want to see it like ever again. And I did see that I mentioned this on here. I don't think so. I pulled it too off the air that saw Gary Sarner's twin brother and Amsterdam. You did say that off the air off the air. I'm, I saw him a couple of times right down there in the red light district walking around. He was a choice and I think I heard him talk of somebody. Do liver. They said, no, we don't deliver, but we have takeout. Now, seriously, I look just like Gary Sarner of course. Nobody in our audience has any idea. Not only what Gary Sarner looks like, but what he's all about besides being a fanatic orthodox duice in emirited in a bent mentality. See, that bothers me. Not just the religious nuts, but people who aren't really religious at all. But then because they want to get laid or whatever, they go along with anything. You're not thinking about Rick Riley, are you? Yeah, there's another good example. And how about Bud Paxon, Buddy Buddy, who found the right? In his former Ravatha was her name, Peach's voice, what was it we were calling her? My answer. Well, she was a former stripper who became a born again Christian, hated my show like poison by the way. Hate me like, ah, he then. And she used to like chew his ass out of it like bring him to his knees. All right, he stopped thinking about me. All night, gentlemen. Let's give it a four-hour headline off, Peach's back then. Buddy, Buddy. She was the one who said what you ordered again, I bet. Yeah. Let's give her some dollars, y'all. She doesn't work for nothing. Give him up. You wanted to hear your girl's voice, the one dollars, why not? Buddy, how about that? How about what you, young Republicans, get them there, lay it face up on your name. Put it out of it, we need to be. That's right, there you go. She's going, nah. And that. Yeah, Buddy. Yeah, the world is so old. So today they're going to be revamping the bouncing, the revamping of the FBI. You did see that, of course. Yes, I did. They got wrong up. This is all part of the dog and pony show that continues. They're kind of covering their ass, scrambling around to try to get there at least pretend that they have their act together. And I didn't want to read that whole newsweek piece yesterday, which went on for about 600 pages. About the scrubs with the FBI and the memo, the Phoenix memo and all the other stuff about the 911. But the fact of the matter is you do realize who it was that insisted that the FBI divert. You didn't want to take any extra funds or any extra manpower and divert it to terrorism. This is before 9.11. He wanted it all going to enforcement of drug laws and all these things. You know, the usual right wing crap. John Askcroft, our great attorney general. No, you're lying. Yeah, right. John Askcroft, he said, don't know. We don't want to waste our time with terrorism when we got an important thing like people wouldn't be enjoying their ass trade. We better, you know, continue with it. Now, now today, all of a sudden, they magnif us in turnaround. They're saying, oh, well, we're not going to like spend enough of that energy on that in the FBI. We'll leave that to like your local police. Like the ones who run the beach this weekend during that spook fest they head on the beach, right? And they were like a bust in guys for, you know, pin joint stuff like that. Well, leave it to the local police. Give them something to do. But the FBI, we got important fish to fry. You know what that reminds me of? Fish? Now, he reminds me of those potluck suppers. Oh, I don't know what made me think I was thinking about that over the weekend. I guess I'm a playing come back your mind wanders and thinking of the inane things that have gone on in South Florida over the years. You've gone to potluck suppers? No, I have not gone to potluck suppers, but don't you remember all the ones that people were trying to have like Bob Coonst and all the other flag waving people exploiting the alien the divisive hateful sick champion that we were, oh, we should, would I be great to bring that back again? No, don't thank you. Let's have alien like alternate days with the genre now that we found the body. I guess who else was on last night, along with the Mustachewood layer for Mark Whatever's name is, Gabor Dean. Oh, uh, Henry Lee. You know, the great forensic guy, the great forensic chink, Dr. Henry Lee, who was also big doing O.J. Who never was asked, I would never request an interview that he would decline. He has nothing to say. Why this is a very tough one. This is a tough one, yeah. You might egg roll with that, you know, he's got nothing to say at all. In fact, my good friend Richard Ovider and Emma Coast is probably embarrassed that they keep putting this guy on here, you know. I'm sure that could come up with better chinks than Henry Lee to put on here to say something that might be of some significance to somebody he just can't do it. Crowd attacks and kills New Orleans teen. I'm not going to read any stuff today because I have no voice, but I got to read this one. And the bad news is George wasn't able to find a new inquire. I'm, uh, out of sorts. You know what, I'll have to wait two months for it to show up on all the old racks in town. It goes to show you that South Florida is really in the Stone Age. Not only did they not have that story about the dirty dancing at the high school proms, which everybody in their brother, I saw it in Amsterdam in Europe on Fox. Bill already didn't extensive song an advance about that. They showed those videos over and over. They exploited it for every drop they could get out of it. It was pretty good. Not only did I see it, I can't find anyone who saw it. But I bought the inquire on Sunday right here in Toronto. The one the brand new one, the June 4th that's got the keyboard and Harris to grow test column bind pictures. Just returiously on a front page and then again later on inside. In case you forgot what they looked like. And it's also got that phenomenal picture of Brittany and the story would just in ticker belgian back together. I read yesterday. And the only reason George wanted to go on get it is because he wants to see that picture and see if I'm Believe me, you will not be disappointed. You've got credibility there. Trust me when I tell you, she looks in that picture good enough to just put like a chocolate, uh, it's a hot fudge right on her forehead and like about a gallon of whipped cream and a big cherry right on top. Although in her case the cherry would have to be right on top because if you only when you'll find there, based on those stories that they're saying about her in Justin's tinkerbell. That's that's very sad. Almost it's almost in the same category would you your Roberts and while I love it but not quite. Did you understand that at all? No, there must be more there than meets the eye. Even if you're not a big junior Roberts fan and I realize that she doesn't do it for everybody. There are a lot of people who don't like her acting. Don't like the way she looks. Think she's got a crappy attitude, uh, whatever. But the fact of the matter is she's a by any standard of fairly attractive very very famous popular young lady, okay? Junior Roberts. Who's brothers in asshole, by the way, what's his name? Eric. Oh. Aaron Man. There's something strange about that dude. 941 at 5.60 WQAM. Balance for life. We know what that means. It means great results on loose and weight and feeling better too. This is the new weight loss gourmet meal delivery service here in South Florida that really works. They're being a three great meals right here in Dorgore, Maine meals in two delicious snacks every day. You don't have to worry about shopping. You don't have to worry about calorie counting. You don't have to worry about balancing this or that or figuring out any portions because it's all portioned out right for you there in front of your face. Now, they recently surveyed their current clients to see the kind of results they're getting. 7th Tense of a pound per day weight loss was the average. That's an estimated average of 20 pounds for a 31 day cycle, which is almost unbelievable. Let me say it again. No cooking, no shopping, no calorie counting. Just delicious food deliver right here. Do it at home at your work wherever you're going to be. And right now be sure and check out the new online service. You wouldn't put your personal information in the app. Your own website, which automatically generates meal plan, shopping list, recipes, workouts, schedules and tons more based on your needs. You track your results online. Those comprehensive easy-to-use program around for just a fraction of the cost. Check it out now at www.balanceforlife.com and click on a personal nutrition page. That's www.balanceforlife.com and just click on personal nutrition or give them a call. 9-5-4-5-6-8-3-2-29. 9-5-4-5-6-8-3-2-29. Check out Balance For Life, you'll start seeing serious results. 5-4-5-6-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9-9 H中心 skin andводing my cat to walk through my toocy Because when the Lewis lands and nice uppercut, my quilt cry like a little baby girl because after three rounds of Atlantic Squirrel is, Tyson will be praying for the film, the ring, and ever, four rounds of Atlantic Squirrel is, Tyson's in will look like Don King's, one round of Atlantic Squirrel is. Well that's got a long fade on, I'll tell you that we got the new deal is that either fade out like immediately and disappear or they just go on, ever, ever. Well that's one of those ACN's, seeing WD things, but I figured the topic at least was good anyway, you know. Yeah, I liked it. I give it about a 2 and a half on a scale 87. Here's a fact that says in George Will eventually take over to show today, I feel guilty, you know, because I'm like in it kind of like limbo state. I'm not, I'm sick enough that I could not be here, but not, how am I saying this? In other words, I'm sick enough that it's uncomfortable talking, I get little scratch, but I'm not that sick that I need to be laying down and like past out. See what I'm saying in between. I know. Now why the hell should I feel guilty? Especially working for our smuck like Greg Reed, why should I feel guilty? What told us he do? He signed negotiate a lot of big contracts and give away a lot of, you know, a lot of the company's money. Thanks by the way, Greg. Dan Rathers got five votes. Your favorite current network news anchor, and of course this is very timely because Brian Williams is going to be replacing Tom Bookjaw on NBC in 2004 after the presidential elections. The Greenlight. Wow. Big Greenland. Dan Rathers got five. I don't watch any of them five. Peter Jennings for. Brian Williams of Pear, John Roberts one, Wolf Blitzgrig, Judy Woodruff, Redhum and Tom broke jaw among me for them. They have the big O none. What we only got 17 votes. I think just went up there a few minutes ago. Here's the fact this is, I don't know if you heard this already or not, and I'll be forget to the facts. I don't want to be depressing, but you know, if you really are honest with yourself, maybe not, you don't want to express it publicly. But when you saw those pictures of El Presidente and the Pope, you know where I'm going with this? I know where I'm going with it. What's the hope for the human race? Seriously, when you come right down to it. We got Indian Pakistan, but you crazy people in the Indians, you're going to get nothing to lose because these 180 years old. And they're on a verge of nuclear on the precipice of nuclear or a conflict. And then you got the crazy people in the Middle East who can't stop killing each other. And we got the Pope and the President, a match made in heaven. And the Pope cannot, he just can't lift it up and he's head either. He just can't, he just hunched around and keeps looking straight down at the ground. You know, he's seen no evil and no no evil. And of course the President has got that be-wildered look. And you notice how out of, he was uncomfortable. Yeah. And then of course he made the Pope uncomfortable because the church said, we don't want to ask no questions about anything embarrassing like the Saxony scandal. We don't want to talk about it. Of course he brings it up. Of course. And the thing that's really embarrassing is the fact that he makes the comment that where he's very concerned about the state of the Catholic Church in the U.S. Now obviously he's doing that to pander for votes like all the candidates do. But what business is it of any president to be concerned about the state of the Catholic Church, the seventh day Adventists, the Jews, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the see what I'm saying when I'm talking about. And I'm talking about appropriate. Right. They're not supposed to be supporting or endorsing any of it. Right. But of course for centuries now, the Catholic Church has placed itself above all the others. We're more important than therefore the Pope when he speaks. Everybody listen, just like the East, listen on Merrill, Lincoln something, but of course they don't need more because they know they're full of crap. Who was it that those did those spots not Merrill and she wasn't when someone so speaks, I don't know who did the spots, but I remember. You know the one that I'm talking to her. I don't know, but he's listening anymore because they know it's all a fraud. They got any brains at all. In fact, they'll get out the markets on a way down again to that. I just mentioned that in passing. Now that I'm out of it and that would be my suggestion, not that I know anything about it, but that would be my best suggestion. Anybody out there who wants to have a few shackles left at the end of the day. When it's out, take it out. Put it in something, put it under your mattress. Here's the facts. Neil, I don't know if you heard this, I'm running out of voice. So I think after this hour, it's your show. Okay. Well, wasn't that a good idea? Yeah, no. I like it. Get it out of the way. Do one hour, at least, you know, show my presence. I'm here. I've signed in. I'm putting my hand up in here. Pressed in account of it for it. I'm just going to lay out. I'll pop another benedrel and go pass on. The facts is Neil, I don't know if you heard this already or not, but there should be a surprise awaiting you after your summer vacation assuming you come back here at all. They're opening a crystal on the northwest corner of sunrise and the power line. It says it's moody town. Now that's a terrible thing to say. Oh, that's true. It's moody town. So I might have voted at night. That's kind of like Wayne Arles. That's certainly in moody town at the northwest 7th Avenue, 125th Street. That's definitely dark town. But in the daytime, you're safe. You're very close to I-95 or quit get away. Now sunrise and power line. What about it? I don't even know where that is. I know Atlantic and power line has pop at a park. Well, go east from there. No. Go south from there. Oh, like I said. Anyways, maybe you want to vote tonight. It'll be awesome to grab a sack full during the day. I know you'd like to grab a sack full. Yes, I do. First, they can shake now this. Maybe there's hope for a soft vote after all. No. P.S. Joe and George are good combo. It says, what are somebody didn't rip Joe and ask? George liked it because it took the heat off a him this time. Pretty good to pick on Joe and rip him and ask. And the good news is Joe's now listening. I'll cause he's in the sack. No question about that. Cause he worked last night. He'll fix this morning. Yes. Unless, of course, he's just a massacres. He wants to continue hearing the cost of comments that are coming from the audience about his performance. Well, maybe he's taking it. Probably a crowded children and tea. I'm just about done. I'm out of voice. All right, crowded children and teenagers attack and killed a 16 year old friend of Rome Saturday in Norlands. Venicea Smith was apparently killed in neighborhood feud. Said Sergeant Paul a caraway in Orleans, police spokesman. He said two girls ages 12 and 14 were booked as juveniles on secondary remodder charges. Police were looking for more boys and girls he said as are probably most of the priest to our left. That's the American fucking way. 7 to 10 people attacks Smith and one stabbed with a steak knife. A caro said witness has said the 12 year old in the 14 year old, surrounded moments later according to a caro. I didn't like that. Little kids murdering other grades. It's becoming, you know, commonplace. Sure. Like mom and Chevy and guns in Apple pie only this with a steak knife. And I don't want this is probably going to be in very poor taste. I don't mean to say it this way. So when I read the thing about the steak now, you know what? It made me think about steak and shake. No. Ruth's Chris. Close. Smith and Moulinski. Oh, oh, those really wonderful beautiful steak knives that they have with that. I still have it with a home somewhere. Yeah. Beautiful knives. The food was crap. The food was absolute swirl. A little dog wouldn't even sniff the food they brought that thing. The shrimp was good. The steaks sucked. Absolutely. Grow test. In fact, everything that I was really bad is it's just shame because they we wanted to put on a big dog and pony show for us and impress us. And just to be nice, they left me all those big beautiful steak knives. Very expensive too. I'm sure to hold set in a box and they left and then I ripped them in ass. I'm not going to go on your life for them. Are they are they are sponsored? No, no, they are sponsored. No. And even if they were a sponsor, well, probably would have to lie a little bit. I wouldn't have been quite so costok. I would have said, yeah, I was interesting. But the fact of the matter is, my meal sucked. It was pure garbage. It didn't, no, it was cold. In fact, now that we mentioned that thing about crystal, I'd rather go to crystal. Because even though it's not good for you with those little steamy buns, oh, that's right. I forgot little caboose too. I shouldn't have done that thing about crystal. You know, PD Lenny will get all ballistic now. I'll go nuts. Little caboose is, what's their address? I don't know. I guess I better look into copy. Isn't it Cyprus Creek Road? I really can't say. Let me take a look. So I think I just did something bad. And I'm sure that the, well, is it a bad? Well, that's one of our finds. Ponsponsor horse. And we enjoy them at the Harley appearances when we go there. You enjoy what? The little caboose burger's PD brings food from there. Well, Harley Davidson appearances for it. Lotterdale. On the power line road, just stuff that hills broader in deer field. That's up to road to peace. But they are on power line. So I don't think we're going to be promoting crystal very much. No, I think I'm done. My voice is done. I'm doing my recall here very good. I'm very proud of myself for doing now. So how did this, when are we getting any cutouts? Technically or not? Not a one. And you sound clear as a bell. A series for holiom. It's a crunchy. It's great. Let's hear it for fat holiom because they have always said the fat people are. Uh, uh, uh, the good people. 9.56. 5.60. I. UAM. Hey speaking of that, speaking of schvitz in your brains out. How about cool off with some great champion lights on? Oh, that's right. Because man, the other sports rings out there don't even come close. They don't hold a candle to champion light because they're full of crap. Champion lights got nothing in there but good stuff. Like I'll be electrolytes in the after workout. All the other sports rings, whether it's gay to rate all the others, forget about them. And they're passing because they're loaded with sugar and therefore with calories and carbohydrates and all kinds of crap. Some of you even have stuff that'll make you sit on it and be a squad all day. Not champion light. It's got no carbs, no caffeine, no calories, no sugar, no nothing but great taste. In fact, now it's available in six different delicious flavors and believe me if you try it like a few months ago, you're going to like it even better now. Because the flavors are all like juice up like the mad dog. They're juice up right now. You got orange lemon lime, grape fruit punch and the new flavors lemonade and blue raspberry and man they are delicious. In fact, when I get back from vacation, I expect it to be cases and cases, I expect it to be a shmit load of champion light waiting for me. But I was think I sure hope so. Or if you want to find the story nearest you, the carries that if you actually want to spend some money and buy it, which is a damn smart idea, check out Champion Light. Mark channel, we're great stories come to life. The uncut wonder boy of the airways. George. God. How could things be any worse? I don't think so. Great audio, Brian. To live with an artist, for him to grow so. He says he's not a perfect man, but a lot of the same. Like a murder break at mine, like the most years of my life. And of course if I had a good memory, I'd remember how bad that sounded. Did he redo the audio on that? Brian, did you redo the audio on that boy? I sure hope so. Even though what he already called and said he did the audio on that. No, that was him. You didn't just hear him. Sorry. Oh, I get it. He have hot in by the way is the person that we were talking about that. He was talking about when somebody talks when he have hot in talks. Somebody listens to carry on with that because we're talking about that. Take care of old business like this poll. And I don't understand the results coming out so far. Right now we have 17 votes for I don't watch any of them as far as network anchors go. By the way, Neil, we left your pot on. So if you're on your way back from the bathroom or puke in or just, I don't know, pop another pill and you want to play a fart. Feel free. I don't watch any of them 17. Who doesn't watch any network news? And I'll admit, I don't watch a lot of it. When you're doing the show, you watch more of it than you would normally just stay up to date. But just by chance, by Osmosis coincidentally, who avoids all network news altogether? Well, do you watch it for the particular person? No, but that's not the question. Who's your favorite current news anchor? So there's everyone has a preference. So you'll watch a news show because of the network, not the anchor. I watch a news show for the news for the news, but who has the best news? Do you see what I'm saying? And that's not the question. So the guy delivering the news doesn't weigh in at all on you. Well, I get more than that. That's what I'm going to scroll on the bottom. He's using him for an example. Tom Brokeau with his speech defect. I can't stand to watch him deliver the news. I can't understand them. They should have subtitles. No, and especially during the entire... I'll call you. Hold on. Right, close caption. If I wanted to read, I would buy a newspaper. But anyway, during the whole Bosnia thing, Yugoslavia thing. He was trying to read some of those city names for get about it. He couldn't even come close. And he, I think, he mumbles anyway, even more so than I do. hey how you doing clearance we switched over. So he mumbles even more than I do and I think he was mumbling on perfect perfect. I'm not purpose. He was mumbling on purpose just so that he wouldn't have to know how to pronounce those names. And to ruin it. Hey I said it. You didn't hear me? I said it. Don't question my authority. I'm a big shot. But Dan Rather is winning outside of that now just reloaded updated 19 people don't watch any of them which I don't understand that. Dan Rather who I voted for just because I like him and that has no weight and also he did this for us. So anybody who did that on Letterman can't be all bad. I don't mind Peter Jennings either. Peter Jennings is fine. He's just you know boring non-descript but I don't need great personality and a news guy. I just want to be able to understand them. Obviously they're not writing those things. They're not writing the news. They're not the ones reporting it. They're just reading it. Just being fed so I just want somebody who's articulate. With his little melodramas possible that's Dan Rather followed by Peter Jennings as far as I'm concerned. Dan Rather 13 and second place behind now 21 I don't watch any of them. Brian Williams 11, Tom Brocott 10, Peter Jennings 9, John Roberts 2, Judy Woodruff 1 and 0 for Wolf Blitzer and Britt Heum and we will be taking calls the same situation. Miguel will put you on hold because he doesn't want to talk to you. One that talk to you. And there's no reason for you to have to talk to them. What are you going to do besides be distracted? Get ahead. When I decided that when you know, well, screenless Neil invented that as far as at least as far as I'm concerned because it's the first show that I was a full time producer of. Nobody else who I was a part time or with ever had the balls the nerve to go screenless. And by screening I mean what other shows do. What genuinely other shows do with you all the questions, the 20 questions asking you this way in that way. Sometimes hanging up on you and calling you back, getting your number and calling you back so that they know that you're not a crank. The other really cowardly things that talk show host do to hide behind their producers because they're afraid that somebody might say something to them. He says no idea what you're talking about. He looks good with those 3D glasses by the way, how about that so if you ever gara that is the most popular tourist attraction inside this building by the way is the 3D so if you ever gara poster that we have in that room. Even people who don't know what this room is, they call it the so if you ever gara room because that's where the calendar and that poster is. So they just come into ogle that. So the screenless thing obviously if you go just full on screenless then nobody knows what the house going on. The phone rings the next thing you know you're on the air. At least if you're on hold you know that you hear the show you know that that's the show and presumably you know you're going to be on a show and you know what even if you don't you're an idiot because those numbers that we give out we give out to be on the show anybody who's calling those numbers expecting to take care of any kind of business. You're an idiot. Sorry. No offense. Maybe you're an idiot. We give those numbers out to talk to Colin Talk right? Or we played the Neil Open which doesn't give the numbers because he's not taking calls it gives the facts machine but when we have a regular open when we used to have a regular open those numbers are given out to go on a show to talk to the host and people call it basking for taking care of business as can for sales people what's the number to this sponsor which I wish we could give you but we can't don't make me start on that. Again. So McGill will put your whole planes. Oh that good stuff. Oh yeah. Hey Neil was talking about something three weeks ago and Thursday I think and he was talking about this hotel in Amsterdam. That's right next to the blue light the red light district where they have that fountain that shaped like a penis. What was that? And you know what it's not going to matter. I could do this a hundred times a day talking about how those phones exist for people who want to be on the show and how we don't exist to help anyone here. Our job in this building and right now is producing a radio show creating a radio show and it doesn't matter how many times I tell people that they're still going to call and it's the only time they call and it doesn't matter how many times I talk to my fellow producers about encouraging these people by helping them when they call the talk lines. They're going to do their own show in the control room. You know that control room that I'm not going to get into that. So 560560 and date and Broward pound 560 on 182. Wireless 877-785-635. 445. Stop it. Stop making me crack up and there. Here's the first crank of the day QAM hello. It's going to be the Raspberry Gond-line 5. Hey George. Hey how are you? I'm doing all right listen a couple quick things I just want to see you know I'm going to have a great show and I'm going to get out of this hell over town a few weeks I'm going up north for my one. I can't wait to get out of here. I'm going to be there. Up north. Oh wow that's an improvement. Yeah well people are so much nicer. You know what they like? They're nicer everywhere else that's what I've come to realize on all the penny and the trips that I go to mostly the other states obviously is that people are nicer everywhere else everywhere else but here. That's for darn sure. And we're taking the scenic we're taking the greyhound. 32 I think it's going to be a long hard trip. Hey I took I've taken 7 bus trips between here and Montana in my lifetime so that's 5 day 4 night trip by the way so don't feel so bad. Cleveland nothing. Well but anyway I'm like you're showing me your new of not feeling well and I have a seamless request. Okay thank you very much. What are taking any requests today? Did I say that? Did Neil say that? Did he say Neil is going to Georgia is going to take care of the show take their over the rest of the show because he's dying over there and he's going to take requests and sandbag and fake his way through like I did on Monday? No. Must have missed that part. QAM hello crankline. So George yes hi hi. I love your show. I just wanted to let you know. I know you got a lot of crap from people but hey whatever that's all part of the job. You know if that's how you want to utilize the show is to flip me crap and take shots and find it's all the show. Yeah I understand. Because I want to let you know I'm looking a lot. I had a pack over here that wanted to pack to Neil but apparently he's not a good person. I still packed it to Neil how's that you got something you want me to pack to Neil we still take commercial breaks. I'll pack to anything that's addressed to him. Alright sure and the other thing was the other day yesterday I think I'm sorry to go back but he's so cold about an online pharmacy thing. Yeah I checked it out they don't have anything good they're nothing that I want anyway. Oh I mean you know they don't have anything anybody would want they have Propecia and Viagra. No never mind. Okay George. Yeah great. Thank you very much QAM hello. George. Yeah. But I'm Neil. Okay yeah tapes. QAM hello. Hey, listen I would be so happy to be here. And Miguel put on a tape I leave go ahead sir. No. Hey I was going on about Sunday I saw Coral yo in the paper making more money and his pension then he actually makes then he actually used to make did you see that? Yeah yeah I know. It's depressing it's but it's here. And wife wants to. Oh I know. If I really let it get to me I would go nuts I'm so glad I live in Broward. How's that? I'm glad I live in Broward. I just joined you and thank you and we're going to make our stand in Broward County. For what it's worth and I know we got our own problems up there. We got the Nazi sheriff. Shutting down swing clubs and everything we got fake chamber of commerce says just remember support your local chamber of commerce which is preceded by the name of a city for example the greater Fort Lauderdale Chamber of Commerce the Hollywood Chamber of Commerce. My favorite ones the Pompano Chamber of Commerce. What these other pseudo chambers that are really just someone's personal company that they named a chamber because guess what the word chamber is an a copyrighted word so you have no idea what you're getting into. These other chambers support them the ones that are actually organizations of businesses groups of businesses that have come together for the mutual benefit of each other. So we're going to make our stand in Broward County and in Hollywood that's where we're going to try to improve things and don't let me get started again on the homeless voice although I just might I just might you know they call in the Neil I don't know if you know he he probably turned this thing off I know I would if I was going to pop another Benadryl and go back to bed the last thing that I would want to hear is you me or anyone that sounds like me but they crank they cranked all week the homeless voice people calling from pay phones and I'm sure Sean can only himself called a hundred times while I'm exaggerating a little bit maybe 50 times it's 12 past 10 on 560 WQAM summertime's a punty of and maybe on days when it's not pouring cans and dogs it's 110 degrees in the shade and from what everybody says it's going to be brutal the summer but all you might as a great product that'll help you to feel your best to keep you in good health help you survive the company software the summers all you might as a soft yelp capsule that contains the best olive oil on the face of the globe and we all know the great things that olive oil can do for us in us honest underneath us it contains olive oil along with vitamins and minerals and herbal stuff going health for all different parts of your body for your prostate for your heart for your blood pressure for your cholesterol all you might also got supplements from out from out health in your sickle the tourist system your digestive your inner consistent your skin and bones even your mind as well all using the benefits like I said only moments ago the best out of oil that money can buy and all you might as well products is I'm sure you know by now for men and for ladies as well all you might have a little while green soul food markets tomorrow pharmacy and sedanos if you want to get more info on your products how they work and what they be doing call them toll free the lanc of your questions one eight six six o'clock that's eight six six o'l e-o-m-e-d we're in order to their products right off their website I just want to contract with the best in the best interest of the globe we need to add on sports radio five sixty q a-m-i-b-a-1-b-o-o m-m- true i'm pretty all that's why mighty heads it hangs down blue shandrew i see my toes bro注ding from my loud in my pool I smell my heart, oh, I'm sheds home by air, oh, I'm sheds home by air, oh, I'm sheds home by air, oh, I'm free for a ride, oh, I'm sheds home by air, oh, I'm free for a ride, oh, I'm sheds home by air, oh, I'm free for a ride, oh, I'm sheds home by air, oh, I'm sheds home by air, oh, I'm sheds home by air, oh, I'm sheds home by air, oh, I'm sheds home by air, oh, I'm sheds home by air, oh, I'm sheds home by air, oh, I'm sheds home by air, oh, I'm sheds home by air, oh, I'm sheds home by air, oh, I'm sheds home by air, oh, I'm sheds home by air, oh, I'm sheds home by air, oh, I'm sheds home by air, oh I'm sheds homeré, oh, I'm sheds home by, oh, I'm sheds home by air, oh, I'm sheds home by air, oh, I'm sheds home by air, oh, I'm sheds home by air, oh, I'm sheds home by air, oh, I'm sheds home by air, oh, I'm sheds home by air, oh, I'm sheds home by air, oh, I'm sheds home by air, oh, I'm sheds home by air, oh, I'm sheds home by air, oh, I'm sheds home by air, oh, I'm sheds home by air, oh, I'm sheds home by air, oh, I'm sh兄 дела rights by easily bright times, oh, I'm shez home by far, oh, I'm shed home by far, oh, I'm shes home by far, oh, I'm shis home by far, oh, I'm sh touchdown home by far Estoy jolly I think so far I found six dollars in loose change and my God or the keys 1018 560WQAM, Jim Manch will be long at one o'clock then at three o'clock Goldberg 630 I'm not saying this to stroke Joe, thank you Joe for doing the week with me it's always fun doing the show with Joe. I'm not saying this to me, but I'm not saying this to me, but I'm not saying this to me, but I'm not saying this to me, but I'm not saying this to me, but I'm not saying this to me, but I'm not saying this to me, but I'm not saying this to me, but I'm not saying this to me, but I'm not saying this to me, but I'm not saying this to me, but I'm not saying this to me, but I'm not saying this to me, but I'm not saying this to me, but I'm not saying this to me, but I'm not saying this to me, but I'm not saying this to me, but I'm not saying this to me, but I'm not saying this to me, but I'm not saying this to me, but I'm not saying this to me, but I'm not saying this to me, but I'm not saying this to me, but I'm not saying this to me, but I'm not saying this to me 610, oh 610, we can't say that, that means something else, station we hate, so I would find myself listening and not going back to snooze, because I'd always come in in the middle of something, something you know totally outlandish and disgusting and dirty, which is my speed, so they're doing a great job, and of course if you're out driving around late at night, which I rarely am, you get them on a Friday night, is that the right way to do it? They don't do it on Monday night, where rather Sunday night Monday morning, that's when they don't have a show, correct? They have a Friday night Saturday morning show, is that the way it should be? Yeah, all right, as you want that late crowd, you want those people coming home from partying and on the Friday night. That screwed up, anyway, I play that pope thing besides the fact that it's a brand new vocal brine bit, and it sure is good, and accurate, and we saw that picture of El Presidente with a pope who apparently has spined his turn to jelly, and that's why he can't hold his head up, he's got no neck, he's old, he's old, and Miguel is told me during the break that I'm going to hell, you got it wrong. Remember the call, and I'm sure it was Konani, well, maybe you weren't listening that week since you weren't here, just out of bitterness? The guy said there's a special place in hell for people like me, and I'm sure there is, but you know what? The layer of hell that El Papa is going to is way deeper, darker, and hotter than anywhere I'm going. The king of all fakers, here it is, hey, pope, there's a scandal in your church, you know all about it, it's been going on for hundreds, if not thousands of years, or priests are raping little boys, are you going to do something about it? No, stop bothering me, I can't hold my head up. Stop talking bad about the church, stop selling the reputation of all those good priests wherever they are, whoever they are, with all of your isolated incidences that we've been hearing about for years, and so I might still get to this enquiry thing from the old enquiry, the previous enquiry, the one with the Ozzy family photos in the middle of it, etc. and so on about the pope's best close personal friend, father Masiel de Gallio, founder of an internationally prominent order of 500 priests and 2257 Aryans, whose offices are in Rome, right next to the pope, who's his buddy, and all of the sexual allegations that have been leveled at him, if you wonder why, the church isn't doing anything about it, because there are pedophiles right up at the top, sitting at the pope's feet, are these child molesters, QAM hello. All right, how are you sir? Good, hey, you ever watched this TV show called The Shield? The shoe? The shield? No, I heard about it though, I'm supposed to watch it, everybody says it's good and I need to watch it. That is the wild show, they show it on Tuesday and Sunday, 10 and 11, they show it again 11% reason. But if it's pretty wild for regular TV, I'm also supposed to watch alias, somebody said that was good, is anybody know anything about that? I haven't seen that. Okay, well it's on Sunday nights at nine, which is the same time as six feet under, which I'm not particularly crazy about, but that's what the wife watches and guess where I am, so alias. I'm not watching alias, although I might as well now, you know, six feet under, I think might be over or getting over soon. Oh, shucks. Oh, shucks. And shucks. Okay, yeah, no argument for me. It's just there. It's just something. See, we get lalded by HBO because of the sopranos and sex in the city. And I'm sex in the city isn't for you, it was shut up, not you, but them, all right, women. Like they don't, you know what? Well, they want to for themselves. If sex in the city isn't for me, then stop wearing pants, all right. Those are for me. I've just decided where nice billowy skirts that the breeze can blow up. Like we're going to get into that. Next thing you're going to tell me is I can't have a purse. QAM hello. Good morning, George. Good morning. How are you? This is Flo. Hi. I just want to say that Dan Rather and then Peter Jennings, I think, are two of the top reporters. They also would like to report fair news. I read this. The joke votes are coming in now. Tom Brokeh got 24. Since I said that about him about his mumbling speech, he kind of also the same thing, essentially. But the main reason why I called is because I think that you should replace Neil, because you're Witty and funny and- Oh, you're so sweet. Thank you, George. I like Joe and I love Miguel too. Thank you. There's no reason why you can't be this, do the show. Eventually. Whenever Neil needs the replacement, you should be the final. You're awfully sweet. Okay. Thank you. I am paying now. Give George a job in four years. QAM hello. God, she must be deaf. Okay. You know who that was? Colin from Wisconsin. I'll give you that. Yeah. So we have to hang up on it now. He's calling every single show in the place. I don't like QAM hello. Hey, George. How are you doing? All right. How are you, sir? Pretty good. I heard about that show too. The show? Yeah, everybody's talking about it. It's supposed to be pretty, but you know what? It's in another cop show and like a soap opera cop show like Hills Street Blues. I heard it's mostly like, you know that movie with themselves, and he did recently. Train there. Yeah. It's something like that about a crooked cop and just let you know. The first two episodes of the series are coming on tonight at 10. So I'm going to take it out because I haven't seen it. So if you want to check it out, the first two episodes are coming on. On that side, right? FX. Okay. I'll see if I remember. I mean, I could write it down, but I'm not taking this note. Pat home with me. You ever do that? You write stuff down, but of course you write it down on something that you never look at? Right. I got my pad. Yeah. I've heard my refrigerator around with me everywhere I went. I would never forget anything because that's where I stick stuff for the post and or on your desk, on your computer monitor, on your office. Right. You write it down. You think that means something. I could write it down in a little notebook. I could write it on my hand. What was the name of that movie? And I only saw pieces of it, not with the audio up because we're in here. During the show, where the guy has the no short term memory. So he has all these tattoos of things, reminding him to shave and stuff like that. Somebody will call up. Miracle. It was just on the, it's going to be on cable very soon because it was just on the paper views. He's got tattoos all over his body and he's trying to solve a mystery. And Joe Pantoliano isn't it, but he's not the guy. He's not the actor. So anyway, this is always weird taking over. I mean, I enjoy having a lead in and just taking over there. And there's no way. I have a lead in. But right. No. It's good. But it's tough because what he is talking about is not necessarily what I want to talk about. Or have the ability to talk about like anchors. I pretty much exhausted everything. I have to say on it. I mean, I don't drive home really fast because I'm going to miss Dan Rather or Peter Jennings. Do you know what I'm saying? Right. If I'm there at home in front of the TV and it's news time and Tom Brokeh comes on, I change it to either Dan Rather or Peter Jennings. Depending on which story they're talking about. Right. And that's it. And I like them because they're articulate. They can speak and they're not doing any melodrama. They're not doing because Neil was talking about Rick Sanchez. Not being a news anchor. I couldn't stand him on seven. I don't want melodrama. I don't want to show it. If I want to show I'll turn on a comedy. For news. For news. I want someone that I can take seriously. I don't want to clown. I don't want clown news. Does that make any sense? Does that make me like an old guy, old old fashioned, Staggy, old fart that I don't want infotainment? I want just serious journalism. Look you in the eye. Tell you what's going on. Kind of crap with no melodrama. Does that make me a butt plug? Gotta get with you. You gotta like the yellow journalism. I'll explain to you stories. You know what? There are plenty of tabloids. Show us if you want that bells and whistles and glitzy graphics and nice sounders and sweepers and things like that. And then there's always deco drive. 1027 on 560 WQA. If you're tired of hassles with your cell service. If you're tired of that $50 month plan that you thought you're purchased. And then winding up cost you hundreds and dollars a month instead of 50. And get on the team with Team Seltech. At Seltech Communications, you're authorized next to El Representative. For over 25 years, Seltech's been providing Selphota with the best service and they take the hassle away from dealing with the cellular company. Not to mention the expense. Right now, next I'll share rewards plan allows you to share 4,000 monthly minutes with free incoming calls for only 54.99. Seltech's got a great selection of other plans to no matter what your budget, with most including free incoming calls, Nationwide Long Distance, Free Colour ID, Free Voice Mail, and next I'll unique direct connect to a radio feature too. So whether it's one or a thousand phones or a signal, take it from me in our very own starting quarterback J. Fiedler of the spokesman, Seltech Communications, your authorized next to El Representative, is the only smart way to go. Call 1-800-SELtech 2 today and get connected. That's 1-800-CEL-TEC and the number 2. Seltech Communications keeping us... You got to eat your weedies to listen here, baby. It's for about 25-rip 58. Are we getting excited? Ok! That shots of Anna, but he must have snores some dubs There were some one houses, boogs, this guy is a major tool And for Seeth on it, one tool never checked the lady's face That's why he's in this court case He's a freak in full, a quack They should take his camera back None of this makes any sense What's with the nipples of the fence? It's a freak in crack What the f... Please, please, I thought it was the Taylor's girl I suddenly fell in there on the beach And I said, that's going to be an iconic office boob It's California Hope they may give pay, millions Cause he shot the wrong melons Anna proved that they were hers They were vannits and knockers What a big bonehead That's Todd Pettingill, how dare you rip him Miguel? 27 till 11 on 560 WQAM You know the playing bagpipes guy All those great bits, the John Rocker Cyciatry That's why you're tired of his voice Because he's doing all of those voices And some people have said the same thing about Boob Ryan Which I take great offense to because he does all those voices And never, just one guy One guy doing all that stuff But anyway, you distracted me from that What I was going to say because that bit reminded me That Pettingill is out there Somewhere It's already out, have you seen it? Do you have it? No, a collector's issue Big news item All right, so it's a soul test been a ton Well, it wasn't Anna, so who cares? She's a celebrity and she has breasts And let's see him Let's see him, baby, as somebody who used to work here Used to say Where's your magazine guy? Well, that's what I was going to say Because we got problems now We got this enquire with Brittany And it that Neil keeps teasing me about That I can't find anywhere And with all due respect to Barnes and Noble Because I love their story, go there all the time I spend a lot of money At Barnes and Noble, maybe a hundred bucks a month Or something like that Just books, magazines and everything like that Their magazine rack is like two months out of date That's the place you go to find things that you missed That aren't anywhere else anymore I would say anywhere else anymore Because I don't know where a current new stand is With the exception And nobody start calling A Bob's News and Fort Latterdale I love that place That I could Like, you know, how managed was talking about Bass Pro shops, outdoor world, yes Yeah, yeah Where I could just spend the whole day and really do damage to my credit card Hopefully that's why that he walks around But No, because I like about doors he stuff too And the fishing a little bit fishing But mostly just outdoors he stuff in general Like boots and jackets and all the little Changes in our magazine And it's a very nice place When we do the appearances there I have to go in and just look around and touch things Merchants on the top of our house Right But I could really do some even more serious damage to the net in Bob's News Because they have magazines from all over the world And they have all these crazy books Any kind of crazy book imaginable Like fetish stuff Weird comedy That old, old hippie Comic books remember that The Arcrom you don't know from Arcrom punk Arcrom in the 60s when comics were first starting The first time you started to get comic books that actually had Fowl language and sexual humor and drug humor and everything like that That was Robert Crum you've seen the the keep on truck and guy The old guy keep on truck and he's leaning back his fist Stickin' way out in front of that's Robert Crum Ah Okay, and all that stuff The fabulous freak brothers, the fabulous furry freak brothers Right These are things that we used to as children Now my parents were to anal pretend to have anything like that in the house But thank God for the degenerate parents of my friends We would sneak into their bedrooms And while looking for daddy's porno We would come across daddy secret stash of our crum Comic books And that was as exciting if not more so than the comics Because if you've ever seen any of it I mean, hardcore doesn't begin to describe QAM hello Oh, so I wait I tangent it myself So hey Bill from Anderson news if you're listening Not only would we like our regular supply of magazines Because he says that he puts bundles together Okay, right back to you sir, sir. Sorry I distracted myself again Not only do we get he puts a bundle together And then he puts it in the van This is what he told me the last time that he dropped a bundle by And then he just never gets the chance to come by And I keep telling him well tell me where you're at I'll go to you because we thirst we hunger for current Periodicals Here on this radio station show and I don't want to have to drive up to Bubs because it's a little bit of a hike not bad but still I want a really good new stand in the lobby of this free Can building that's what I want and if not here like around the corner Like where the wall greens is And the bank and the public's over here on the corner Now the word someplace that I drive by on the way to work So that I can stop by there in the morning and get my stuff I know I'm a selfish lazy bastard Yes But still listen, Bob's is nowhere on the way here And I mean a good new stand Like all right I'll have to be new soon It needs new down on 79 street cause way Captain saying brings a stuff every once again Captain saying you have a wonderful establishment beautiful little New stand exactly what I'm talking about You know the little long skinny hole in the wall New stands with everything you want in there That's what we need in the lobby of this building Or somewhere in between here And my house so that I on the way to or from work I can stop by and get some current Periodicals and international magazines and things like that Close thing we got is Bill from Anderson news Please Bill I beg you please and anybody who knows you Just call the inside line. I know you haven't So that we can let you in And tell me I'll drive to you We'll rendezvous somewhere Tell me when you're going to be in the hood We want the penthouse with soltesbenetan on it Just because it's collectors item we want to pass it around the building To have soltes around the building To you greedy He's going to bring the bundle of whatever's there Hopefully he'll just grab one of those penthouses You know off the pile Before they all go out the door And then that Inquirer with Brittany on it that I so badly badly want to see Okay, sorry about that sir I had to take care of old business Go ahead It's you Yes Yes Yes you I'm moving start with the Head to the former's arm Momento with Guy Pierce We got out What are you talking about Fine What shows he's listening to Thank you whoever facts me WL Momento is the movie that I was talking about with the guy with the short-term memory problems And much Lifeless people Lifeless lifeless One of the most dangerous things Think of another one QAM hello Wow That's a surprise QAM hello You suck QAM hello QAM hello I think that was that he Same guy on two lines QAM hello Hey Josh Yeah Two things Isn't that a new scam Not by you on young circle Still there I don't know what you're talking about if there is I don't know which one of those How he was Video and public On young circle There's a new stand on young circus net Young circle next to the public Yeah There used to be years ago It's just the same thing you're talking about That long skinny new scam with all the periodic holes And very similar to bugs And I have a sore wood Okay The other thing is the comment book you were talking about Was the Zap Comics Right And the locking guy was Mr. Natural Who was all the way to the block I'm sure I'm going I'm sure we're a block in the 70s Right Well I wouldn't know about the blocker But I'm afraid of a friend I'm saying right like I know I don't know from blockers in the 70s Alright Alright Talking easy I was just a punk kid QAM hello Good morning George Good morning Stoke from Carl Springs Yes Not far from your house How on the old beach full of art Between the tracks Well it's just west of east of the tracks Is a new stand I've been in there in years But I know that there's a big new stand there That's right by the billabong Our favorite video Really people hang out Well no no no it's further down It's for the east It's almost to U.S. one Doesn't matter In fact it's on the north side of the street Okay do you know the name of it No I'm sorry I don't Alright I'll just drive around real slow You know what And how will they all fit right in You know what I'm planning Is this right there on the corner Yeah You know what I mean I'll just go I'll just go I'll just go Okay Okay Okay George I'll check it out Still not exactly on the way home I'll try to be tour Drack The dog track I know that's on Pembroke Right Yeah the U.S. one Anyway Tateen till 11 I don't know if you're ready On 560 QA Here's some great news For a soft floor to fast train An ounce is the opening of its brand new campus in Kindle If you're considering a brand new high paying career There is no time like now to check this out Call Fast Train 866 Fast Train Fast trains new campuses located Red across Miami Community College Kendall campus Microsoft certified instructors are waiting for there There are no payments for a 40 year That feels waiting for you too There's a full time job placement Stathagot convenient day night We can classes add now for you A brand new Kendall campus Call Fast Train at that toll free Number gets yourself on the road To a serious occupation Making some big bucks Call 866 Fast Train They have four convenient locations Now and date and Browards of Fast trains Got a location Got a bineer by you Check them out on the web at FastTrain.com And a call at that toll free number 1866 Fast Train Be sure to tell them the top Direct tour to the call Fast Train can have you certified Ready for that brand new career And as little as four months Don't delay pick up that phone Call Fast Train 2 day at 1 866 Fast Train Don't forget There's a fast train Morning The door we go on to How we're doing It's been 6 to 9 It's been 6 to 9 It's been 6 to 9 It's been 6 to 9 How the cool with person ever Okay All right All right Coming up tonight On inside the behind The true Hollywood celebrity Music biography profile story We take a good Hard stiff look in the start This British bands big hit Was either a song about a free synth A homosexual encounter or masturbation Sandly We may never know the truth about Haircut one hundred A word Or main Look at the first line of the song I went off to the right Haircut one hundred's manager Chets stools Talks about the band only hit Love plus one It's same pretty clear to me That's a fellow saying I'll just go into the central delight of anal sex I mean I mean Don't you think Still others think love plus one Reverse to a third sex partner Like 80's rock group Melissa Chester It was been a third sex partner with such luminaries As the guy was saying back up on that one Springsteen tour And the human leagues dog As a skinky third sex partner I can't help but think love plus one Is about being a third sex partner But was this own really only a reference to being alone And needing to use your hand Was Rosie Palm the plus one referred to in the title The band's lead singer Nick Hayward May have provided a clue back in 1982 When he said It's pretty much a song about wanking off And there you have it Another sex-ladder story About some loser band from the 80's Main to sound like actual journalism By my urgent self-important delivery Suckers It's a big juicy Sopping wet look at show business Tonight Uninside the mind 13 to 11 on 5.60. WQA I got your message Booker Brian I'll call you after the show I'll remember because I wrote it down So I'll be sure and Call you after the show And Eric I'm downloading that thing again But it's taking an hour and a half And I already stopped it from downloading Once earlier today Because I already got it And burned it onto the CD The VCD file Remember we were talking about VCDs Maybe you don't Any more businesses you want to take care of on here? Yeah The term I think is going to happen next week Somebody facts that there is a large news Stan store Well the audience cares about this kind of stuff Not me about doing the show But just the things, the inside stuff Once I go on on They all want to be sitting on the inside Right here inside the studios Like a studio audience Like Alex Bennett used to have Boy those were fun days I was a part timer During that whole thing With Alex Bennett at IOD People remember And here's the guy came from San Francisco Supposedly some big shot over there And he came into the building And just wanted to redo the way they did everything Ever know anybody like that Anyway They He wanted a studio audience for a radio show And after laughing at him for several days And he didn't think it was funny Right the girl's laughing Can you imagine Just stop and think right now And I'll tell you exactly how it was So that you can picture it Let me flush it out for you here young man A row of folding chairs Let me be more accurate Two rows of folding chairs There was way more room in that studio Than there is in this little thing It was more similar to the one And there you know how you have all this width And breath In the studio Two rows of folding chairs Like about 10 to 20 people on any given day Would sit there In the studio while this man did his show So that there would be a live Laptrack Two is material Can you imagine I don't have to imagine I was there I was sitting there I had to be there for it Now fortunately As a part time or not a producer And having nothing to do with the show Other than pushing the occasional button I didn't have to interact With any of those people The producer had to A scourtham all back Make the arrangements Keep them under control Make sure that nobody wandered around the building On their way to the bathroom They had to play sheep dog In other words And keep these people Under control And speaking of the people What kind of people do you imagine Would show up for this event Let me give you a hint John and Mike Wow, plow Yes, I thought that I was stubborn Not just him But everyone liked him People like him Those are the people that would show up And yes, it was for the most part The same crowd day after day after day In the middle of the day After noon I should say From two to six Now would they speak out Or just sit there quietly They would sit there while they would sit there And laugh and listen to that But then during the break They would all share their Input Input Yeah, which I don't know how he could stand it I don't know how the man could stand it To have these people talk and to him during the break It's all we can do Well he didn't play bits It's all I can do during the break Just to figure out what I'm going to do when the break ends What I'm going to play, what I'm going to say, etc And he'd sit there and Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah Listen to these people Can you imagine Opening those doors up Because Miguel knows from the appearance It's those people The appearance people Anyway, just thought I'd mention that Let's talk about this poll here Who's your favorite current Network news answer And answer Why can't I talk? You know why? Because I didn't start That's another thing, man Took me totally by surprising You know what Neil? I'm sorry that the phone was, you know, buried in my briefcase Can I talk on his cool block It wouldn't have made any difference I got here the same time I wouldn't have gotten here any sooner Yeah, maybe I would have had a little bit more time thinking about what I wanted to say But it doesn't matter when somebody else starts the show Then you're thinking about that He's talking about your head and hour I had an hour, it was a good hour He could have gone on No, I'd rather rest Rest, I'm sure he's not listening right now Please rest, drink some tea with some Honey, well no, no, honey, diabetic Just drink some tea, some Echinacea tea Get real good So I don't have to do this anymore for the rest of the week I would thank you and so will the audience too Who's your favorite current? Network news anchor I don't watch any of them 54 Tom Broke out 32 So the jokes are playing with Tom Broke out I figure I don't want you any of them I don't understand although I believe that I believe there are a lot of people out there that just don't care about the news I don't find it particularly interesting Like for example the wife will always put it on the news I'll forget to put it on the news How about you? You're at home during newstime Do you make it a point to turn on the news? I want to turn on the news and see what's going on No, but if I'm flipping through all the time If you're flipping, yeah, you'll stop Oh, it's a five o'clock at six o'clock Let's see what's going on, okay And I'll only ever watch the first few stories Because after that If you started at four or five Whether it's a human is a human is a human No, yeah, you don't want to repeat that So 54 for I don't watch any of them 32 for Tom Broke out Fake 28 for Peter Jennings Dan Ruther has 21 Brian Williams 18, Brett Hume 5 John Roberts 2 Todd with Wolf Let's serve for two And 2D Woodruff Thank you Judy Woodruff that obnoxious preaching Sanctamonia's finger-wiking Bitch only has one QAM hello Hey, George, I like that little discussion with you about a controversial subject Alright, maybe I'll think about it Hey, I was wondering what your opinion is How is it that the media in the United States Virtually a hundred percent of it Referred to this problem with the priest As a pedophilia problem, one It was really a homosexual problem You are a professional Catholic scumbag And I hate you don't ever call the show again It's not a homosexual problem you obfuscating Blaming other people for the corruption and your own organization you My good Catholic friend He might be a priest or a deacon Or something like that you've called Ever so many times with that same line Your voice I'm sitting there going Alright, this is a chronic But I don't know what he's got to say It's not a homosexual problem Although if you want to make it that Consider the fact that Most of the priests are homosexuals First of all there But here's what the problem is Repression leads to Deviation That's what you don't want to acknowledge Because that's the mantra that your church Chance is that somehow repression is a good thing And it's not Your priest repress themselves And encourage other people to repress Natural normal urges And if you want to get religious about it Natural normal urges that God put there That God programmed you with To remind you to breed If you want to get technical about it Sexuality is a normal thing It flows very naturally and quietly Like a gentle flowing stream And everyone knows that when you dam a stream It overflows its banks It builds up pressure It overflows its banks It goes places it shouldn't go Or the dam bursts and you have a flood That is a destructive force that crushes everything in its path Sexuality or any other human urge That is not an evil urge like hurting people Is like that if you put your thumb over the end of a garden hose Where a little bit of water is trickling out Little bit of water trickling out of the end of a garden hose Isn't hurting anything but if you stop it up with your thumb you get a spray That's what repression does to a normal healthy urge like sexual urges So if you have all of these homosexuals in the Catholic Church and Very pressed and their natural urges are being prohibited Then what you're going to get deviation and it can happen to homosexuals It can happen to heterosexuals It will happen to everybody When you repress you create deviation There is a normal sexual flow And normal sexual behavior And your church encourages people to ignore the normal And to repress which is not natural And not normal And that's why you have all of these problems And when you have an organization that won't accept anyone Except people who promise to repress their sexual urges Only weirdos are going to join that group Only weirdos are going to join a group that essentially tells you Cut your penis off you're not going to need it anymore Not realistically but virtually You're not going to use it for anything but your nation And let me tell you what That's my second favorite thing to do with my penis I don't know about you QAM hello Hey George Hey how are you? Good how are you? Fine Listen I'm just tuning in so I don't know if you touched on the subject or not Yeah But last night on date line NBC They talked about the Jehovah witnesses and how they hide Child molestation and how they let convicted rapists and child molesters Just get back out on the street Yeah You caught that? No I did not But I know about the Jehovah witnesses I know what kind of scumbags there are Well close with many of them I was unaware Oh yeah They're the scumbags Also the Jehovah witnesses are of all religions lowest average income Lowest rates of graduation Their your scumbag religion Well I'm interested because my sister unfortunately is one has been one for 30 years Also very dangerous to refuse blood transfusions They have a lot of very unhealthy self-hating anti-human anti-life philosophies Well you know before I heard about this I could care less about them But now that it's a criminal organization They're all criminal organizations All the money under false pretenses That makes them all con artists I hope they get investigated by the law And I hope they pull their files and see I hope so too But look at what's happening with the Catholic Church You know it took years and years and years of abuse that was well known By everyone before it came to public light And even now they're really not doing anything other than paying off Some victims so good luck to us all Well they're turning into the names of the priests who are abusing They're abusing Just a number sir It's a homosexual problem that a pedophilia problem It's only homosexuals that are molesting children It's 3 till 11 on 560 WQAM Time laymen likes it He likes the listeners of this program He loves this show He loves me he even likes George a little bit That's why Tom created the Neil Deal at Hallett Save big dollars in all Pontiacs and GMC's in stock Just mention you heard about it right here on the Infamous Neil Rogers show Stop by Hallett Pontiac GMC at 134 or one South Tixie Highway That's in the same great location they've been for 35 years right there on US1 Right across the street from the falls where every vehicle is marked with the lowest price But if you mentioned the Rogers deal you'll save even more Check out the complete line of GMC SUVs including the envoy Voted by Motor Trend as DSUV of the year plus Be sure and see the all see I got to throw those in there because other by time feels left out See the all new vibe SUV it's got the power of a sports car at a fraction of the price Hallett's also got an unbeatable selection of dependable quality pre-owned cars trucks and SUVs Never wear a single lemon on the lot of hellet And if you've been turned on for quitted by any other schmuck out there in radio land Have no fear because at Hallett they'll take good care of you. Make sure they work out a deal Get the Neil Rogers deal right now at Hallett Pontiac GMC You'll find them at 134 or one South Tixie Highway that's US1 across from the falls open every day of your life Seven days a week you can call them a 305 238 40 40 305 238 40 40 They're unbeatable Hallett Pontiac GMC They March Endle With great stories come to life Garden with you Him Him and me Oh John Well, when he was alive back in 489, he was a little guy who stood four foot five, died around in Faced, he with a couple of chins, and he was in charge of the Vatican. Hope John. Hope, John. Hope, Pious John. You see the folks at priest to get married back then and spread the money round to their offspring and kids. So the backers at the Vatican may marriage is in, and that posed a problem for his husband in him, Hope, John. The scadula secret he didn't confess was that he was a pregnant girl under that dress back then they all dressed and dragged that healthy bit in because of anyone found out he blew the game. Hope John. Hope John. Hope, Pious John. Hope, Pious John. When he's day as dress blew up in the dust in someone young, hey, that guy has no guts. And like Marilyn Monroe is skirt pillowed high, and everyone knew it was the end of the line for Hope John. And Paris didn't worry that the banquet goat broke, the Vatican chimneys bounced out whole his smoke from history. Spin doctors had this erased, not long after they had this greatly replaced Hope John. Hope, John. Hope, John. Hope, Pious John. They buried him or her out of public view in a tomb held together with Scotch-taping blue. These view words are written on his tomb. We pray that everybody will forget about you. Hope John. Hope, Pious John. 11, 4, and 5, 60, WQA. So you don't know that story in the gown. You got an article and it's a true story that there was a female pope and everyone got all hysterical about that obviously because can't have that. And it was, you know, real, ducky looking woman who worked her way up the hierarchy and eventually became pope. And when they found out it was, you know, it freaked everybody out so they developed a special chair. The article goes into saying it's was like a, a, a, a, a, a thrown toilet seat, a thrown with a hole in it. And the pope would have to sit there and hike up his skirt and the new pope. The wannabe pope. The one that they're voting on to be pope. And then another priest. I, I, I, you not. Another priest would have to go underneath the chair and I guess look up in there. Maybe, uh, maybe T bagged the package there. Maybe half to the package to check the equipment to make sure that it wasn't a check after all because we can't have that no more. Maybe somebody still has that article. Maybe somebody knows where we can reference it. But it's a true story. It happened. And what, uh, national inquire, pay with the defined. No, no, no, in the history books are you understand that the church is wielded incredible influence over the years. And they use that influence to rewrite history or to have things omitted. You understand that our textbooks that we have over here, they can't put anything in there that actually offends anyone. And when we went to school by we, I mean, us old people, although history books were politically incorrect, didn't mention anybody's contributions to America, except for the English, etc. And so on and then later on, they had to replace all those books. A little by little history is starting to come out. But, but yeah, you can't put anything in a history book that might offend anyone. You've got a dig deep. Going to archives, going to old libraries and stuff to find out this kind of stuff. It's not going to be on your little pop-up book of Catholic history. See how easy it is for me to get going on the Catholics on the church. That guy really pissed me off. There was, I guess it was last month, the newsweek article about it and they had all these quotes from these cardinals and bishops and whatnot saying, oh, yes, it's the proliferation of the homosexuality. Remember that when this whole thing came out, it was the MTV, the Declanette culture. In other words, what these assholes have the nerve to say. They've been telling us for years, listen to us, listen to us, we know the answers, listen to us, come to find out that they're more corrupt than any other organization in existence with the possible exception of the ones that we know to be corrupt like the mafia, right? And even possibly them, is there a mafia pedophilia scandal going on right now? I mean, I know that they kill and steal for a living. But have you heard of any of the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, good John Goddies of the world, uh, you know, them being chronic little boy molesters. Well, that's Joe. Right. He's connected, right? Tell him boy. You know, we know some people that are connected. But yeah, you don't hear about that. And any other group in any organization that with teachers, doctors, lawyers, plumbers, anything like that, no other group is there an organization, essentially a child molester club, like Nambla. This is Nambla, except, uh, you know, they're tax-free. And they're collecting money from a whole bunch of suckers. So what they're saying after telling us for years, we know the answers, listen to us, we know the answers, listen to us, come to find out that they're more corrupt than anybody is. And then any other group. And the, and the response to that, see, if you had listened to us, the world wouldn't be so gay and pornographic. And our priest wouldn't be tempted and corrupted by the world. See it's all you gay people and the MTV people and all you people that make sexuality acceptable and homosexuality acceptable. It's you people that are having an influence on our priests leading them into temptation. You know, it's funny. We got like we belong to an organization called the WQAM, Beasley Broadcasting. You don't see no scandals going on around here, not like that. Not those kind of scandals. That those kind. You've worked in other places. I'm sure, right? No kind of pedophilia scandals going on anywhere else you worked, right? And you're not God's authorized agents. You're not running around telling people that you know the will of God and the Word of God and that you know the way to heaven, right? Isn't that funny? That the people that claim to be closest to God are the most corrupt and evil bunch of mother. Doctors on the face of the world. QAM, hello. Hey, how are you? Love you, show. Thank you. I just wonder, no, do you think that you really in any position to talk about what normal sexual behavior is stuff like that? Yeah, absolutely. Is that this is you again? Why are you so chronic? You have a life that you have a panic. You have a panic. You have a panic. Yeah, I'm going to hang up on you. You're a professional Catholic, you're a chronic. Yeah, I'm a normal person. I am absolutely a normal person. What sets me apart from any other normal person? I have the balls to talk about me and my life and what's normal. I'm absolutely normal. I talk to people. I talk to my friends. I'm absolutely normal. Just most people don't admit it in front of other people. They don't want their moms who might be listening to the show to know what they consider normal. Their wives, their girlfriends, their children. See I know that I'm doing a radio show. And what it takes. So mom and you and your bleeding hemorrhides and the smelly cat guide that lives by you, I know he tells you everything that I say, have a go to North Carolina and have a great life and don't fall off the mountain, of course, unless you want to. And the wife and the kids you understand that it's just a radio show. I'm tired of hypocrisy. You know, I was listening to that D12 that I made a copy of. And that was one of the things that they were talking about in there is one of the lines from MMM is all the hypocrisy. You know, he's saying he was saying essentially, fuck you all you people that think like me, but are afraid to talk like me. You know, not that I'm a big fan of his per se. He's good mixed in there with all those other people. But that's a valid line. I'm absolutely normal. I'm just honest enough to admit what's going on inside my devious head. Most of you people are exactly the same way. If not worse. Hello. QAM. All right. So do you QAM hello. Yes, I do. Hey. I do want to jump earlier today. I was down by this chain in every country. Yeah. There's a duck and don't know so. What are you doing? Yeah. And I was talking to him about 65 years old. Yeah. And, you know, I've seen around there for five and a time. Uh-huh. Everyone's smiling alone towards, you know, like I think. And you know, they're a point at the end of this, right? But yes. Okay. We got to talk to the about this thing. You talked about what the priest is going for it. And well, you guys that well, in between give me the two dollar. And most of that she's just a point at where you George. Yeah. Yeah. She's your mother. Uh-huh. She charged you $2. You got ripped off. She should have been paying you. It's 11 11 on 560, WQAM. Summer times of Panya, baby. On days when it's not pouring cats and dogs, it's 110 degrees in the shade. And from what everybody says, it's going to be brutal to summer. That alliumitis is a great product. That'll help you to feel your best to keep you in good health. Help your survive the suffering soft Florida summers. Alliumitis is soft gel capsula contains the best olive oil on the face of the globe. And we all know the great things that olive oil can do for us. In us, honest underneath us. It contains olive oil along with vitamins and minerals and herbal to promote health for all different parts of your body, for your prostate, for your heart, for your blood pressure, for your cholesterol. Alliumitis also got supplements to promote health and your circulatory system. Your digestive or underconsistimious skin and bones. Given your mind as well, all using the benefits like I said only moments ago, the best out of oil that money can buy. And alliumitis got products as I'm sure you know by now for men and for ladies as well. Alliumitis available at Walgreens, Whole Food, Market, Stimural Pharmacy and Sedanos. If you want to get more info on your products, how they work and what they be doing, call them toll free. The Lansy Your Questions. 1-866 Oliomed. That's 866 OLEO-MED, where in order to their products right off their website. 1-866 OLEO-MED. 1-866 OLEO-MED. 1-866 OLEO-MED. 1-866 OLEO-MED. 1-866 OLEO-MED. 1-866 OLEO-MED. 1-866 OLEO-MED. 1-866 OLEO-MED. 1-866 OLEO-MED. 1-866 OLEO-MED. 1-866 OLEO-MED. 1-866 OLEO-MED. 1-866 OLEO-MED. 1-866 OLEO-MED. 1-866 OLEO-MED. 1-866 OLEO-MED. 1-866 OLEO-MED. 1-866 OLEO-MED. 1-666 OLEO-MED. 1-866 OLEO-MED. 1-766 OLEO-MED. 1-866 OLEO-MED. 1-666 OLEO-MED. 1-866 OLEO-MED. 11… 1-866 OLEO-MED. 2-866 OLEO. 1-866 OLEO-MED. listening to us. Oh, um, all our priests are molesting children. Well, not all of them. Just most of them, apparently, or a lot of them. All of our priests are molesting homosexuals. Most of them. A lot of them. Uh, that's your fault. You're not listening to us. Your evil world is corrupting our church isn't it supposed to flow the other way? Isn't the church in the close to God? Right. God. These are God's people. So God sheds his grace on them. And then they are supposed to share it with the world. You see how the downward flowing of water, the Holy Spirit, the power of God flows into the Pope. And he deals it out among the priests. And then they go out and deal that out among the people. Isn't that the way supposed to work? Isn't that why you're going to church and giving them your money? Isn't that why? Because they're better than you. They're closer to God. They know something you don't. They went to some school, even though like the Pope's buddy over here didn't graduate from seminary school his uncle ordained him. Talk about incestuous relationships. I might just read that thing. Although we could take a whole bunch more calls from a whole bunch more Catholic. And the homeless voice people who hate me and I'm glad it's mutual. Destroyers of communities get out of our town. Faster. Q. A. I'm hello. Hey, yes, George. Yes, you're. Yeah, your militant defense. Yeah, homosexuality. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. A chronic chronic chronic. See what I'm talking about? And you know why I played that love plus one thing. We said that like all those inside the behind things that we have on the H.C.N. Yeah, and CDs haircut 100 very big in the early days of MTV like when I was in high school. All the old codgers like me remember that. And that was there about masturbation is about three sons and we were talking about three sons during the Jerry show. Good Jerry show this morning. At least towards the end. Secret fantasies, uh, et cetera, and so on. It's usually bad and they're usually ugly. Usually whoever wants to take their clothes off on Jerry. One of two types. Typically nasty, skanky dirty, towed, prison tattooed by trash. White trash. Trailer, biker bitch or fat hog. greasy razor back. Nobody that you would actually want to see with their close off with the notable exception of spring or break, which is good. But this morning they had somebody on their look just like a regular housewife or secretary or something like that. No tan lines from a tanning booth. No tattoos. No nothing. And she looked really good. And she was running around and her very normal looking bra and underwear. Nice. No granny panties. Nothing like that. Normal looking bra and underwear stripping and then putting it back on. Then she was just hanging out. It reminded me of those old magazines speaking of magazines where that was it. That's how you got. We're bra and underwear shots, but at least the women were voluptious and good looking. But I digress. There's another reason to go to a new stand. How about a new stand that has old magazines, boxes and boxes of old magazines like bra magazines and cheesecake magazines. Still looking. I got some taxes on that. I might get to that. But we were talking about the three. Some things since the guy accused me of not being normal. And we were talking about three subs. Is that normal? Isn't it? I'm asking you. I say it is. What guy do you know? Does it want to have a three? Well, we've discussed this before. Right. Do you know anyone that does it? Yeah. Have a three Sunday. Yeah. Oh, that's right. That's right. That's right. We had two guys that claimed not to want to have another girl there. Not want to do two at a time. That's now that's very rare and unusual. That's not normal. I'm saying it right now. That's not normal. And I know your your mom is listening and your girlfriend is listening, but come on now. If you actually represented yourself by saying that you're not interested in that who would believe it? Would your mom believe that? I know mommy. You don't get a whistle. I know. No, no, me in the days. I know. You really think your mom's about that. You really think your mom is going to buy that? No, of course not. Your girlfriend. Sure. I mean, I'm sure you're not talking about it. You're not saying stuff like, hey, honey, how about it? Can we bring in a third wheel? Love plus one, huh? How are you getting slapped? Probably hasn't come up, but she knows just because she noticed that you're a guy. She'd have to be an idiot not to know that. It's in your nature. It's in your nature. One good, two better. So that's what the love plus one connection was besides I love all those inside the behinds. Miguel was asking me during the break. We're just taking care of some off the air business. You know, what's I, I don't get this. This love plus one. Oh, you should know. I think that. That ain't your feeling. See the song is is cheesy and bad as it is, but you really have to see the video to enjoy the song. Kiwayam. I don't think it's normal. Okay, is that it? Alright, Kiwayam Hello. I find some new topics to your judgment. What do you got? What do you got? What do you got? What do you have? What do you have? What do you have? What do you have? What do you have? What do you have? What do you have? What do you have? Yeah. QAM hello. Hey, how are you? What is it? Everyone's arguing. He had nothing to say. Stop talking about religion. If you can't handle it, turn the radio knob. Is that a good idea? I want to make a point about this weekend about what happened on the selfie. All right. You know, you gather all, you know, you gather certain kinds of people and different things happen. Or new years in big Cyprus, 80,000 heads. Okay, two days. Heavy duty party. What happened at the end of it? Everybody has their trash and trash bags. Everybody. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Where was this? What was that? That was the Cyprus man fish place for today. You know, but how about that? How about that woodstock man? How about that woodstock? Y'all was tripping over water. All different genre. I guess. But man, then this weekend, they try to cover up all the problems with these guys coming down. Oh, I know. Just a stabbing in a rape and maybe a little bit of a girl fight. QAM hello. QAM hello. Hey, George. Hey, how are you? I'm about to read that article. Okay. Okay. Hey, um, listen, when Neil came on early and he brought up the point of how, um, bush looks next to the pulp. Yeah. Almost peed in my pants man. That was a great idea. Yeah, that's a good picture. I thought the same thing when I thought it yesterday. The dumb talking to the drummer. Exactly. And I don't know which one is the drummer. What you know, I don't think the pope is a stupid man. I just think that he's eating. I just think a lot of different languages. Right. I just think he's fouled. Bush on the other hand, don't know that there anybody. Oh, he's an absolutely idiot. And also when you're talking about hypocrisy, here is the, the big hypocrisy. Here are Republicans who hate a Clinton because he smoked the joint. What they hate him for a lot more than because he beat them all the time. Yeah. And then his bush was a drunk and co-kid and then, oh, oh, that's, that's old. Don't you understand that he was forgiven for all of that. He turned over a new leaf. He became born again. And now see once you become born again, it doesn't matter what you did before. You could be eight off freaking Hitler. Once you become born again, it's all water under the bridge. Well, you know, I'm fleeing into the blood of the lam sir. But you know he's probably right in the White House. I'm still in cocaine. No, I don't know it. I don't know any such thing. He broke he took on that press. Okay. That's what he said. I don't know what he's doing in the White House. No, he's probably above and beyond all that. Although we saw that picture of him holding that glass. We still don't know what was in that. Q.A.M. Hello. Hello. Yo. Hey, don't. All right. How are you doing? Hey, I'm all right. Can you play something? No. Q.A.M. Hello. George. Yes. Hey, not only am I four or three, but I would like it to be with my wife's sister. And that's all I have to do. I don't think you're normal, sir. I am normal. Is she hot? The wife's sister? Actually more than one of them. Actually, I'm not letting it be a four or five sum. And she could have brought two or three. All right. Okay. Got it, man. Keep the fake photo. Thank you very much. You know, the wife was asking me about that. Because she doesn't think that that's normal. Is the whole twin fantasy? That's a little demanded, but you know. You see hot looking twins and they have them every now and again in playboy or what are these. You know, they have twins. The naked twins, right? And they're always posed. I don't know what to call it. Let's call it pseudo lesbianism. They're not doing anything. They're not touching. They're close. They're close. They're like maybe leaning on each other. Hugging. You know, skin to film on the shoulder. This and that and the wife doesn't understand that. She's like, isn't that incest? No. Isn't that lesbian incest? Shouldn't that discuss you and make you want to close the magazine up and turn away and wash your eyes out? No. No. You want so part of your twin fantasy is they're doing stuff to each other. But their sisters and their twins. Isn't that bad? Isn't that incest? Isn't that Yucky? You can always tell your mom later that it's just for the radio show. Just the radio show, ma. So isn't that Yucky? They're doing stuff to each other? No. Okay. I don't think you're normal. QAM hello. George. Yes. I'm a 40-five-year-old Jewish guy. I got two things to tell you. Okay. One. When I was like seven or eight years old, I got molested by the next door neighbor. I've been a DB at ever since. Okay. Now, for my 40-fifth birthday, I got a 26-year-old, Italian friend, who heard her and her 23-year-old girlfriend gave you the sweetest birthday present I've ever had. What a nice three from it was. Have a nice day. Okay. What? Okay. Whatever. Yeah. Miguel's making the ferold brow look and so am I. I don't understand. What? What did the first part have to do with the second part? And did we want people to call it up with three some stories do we care? Hey, all you people that have three some stories. Screw you. Why are you? I don't want to have one in a half. I'm just sort of sort of a three some story, but nobody wants to hear that. Unless you want them to hate you. It's like walking around talking about how you won the lottery. Shut up. Are you giving me any money? No, well then shut up. QAM hello. Hey, George. I do our math. Right. How are you, sir? Hey, I just ran out of my funny story. I went to Marty Grott this year and I saw all the Jesus freaks at Marty Grott. They all hold up these signs saying Jesus saves. There's only debauchery down the street. And the wildest stuff that happened at Marty Grott was wife and wife. And all the Jesus freaks everybody would do the crazy. I have no doubt. I can regelly with Bible camp stories that would make your your ears fall off. Oh, they kicked their tops off and like they're like, Chicks that would normally do it would be making out in front of all the Jesus freaks. And they just start screaming on their megafawns. Oh, you're going out. Oh, my God. You've got to Marty Grott. You've got to camp in front of the Jesus freaks. Cause that's where to check through the craziest stuff, man. Okay. I'll be there. One of these days. I know that Narlins is a toilet, but I sure want to see that whole. Marty Grott thing. And I would carry a backpack full of beads. That's a little day pack either that. I'm going camping for a month kind of backpack full of beads. The big ones, the nice ones. Because those Budweiler thousands of dollars were the beads. Yeah, we'll start with those. 11 27 on 560 WQAN. Let's just set the record straight on mattress delivery policies. We'll keep on going to mattress 100 mattress delivery on the day and time you want within any 2 hour window for made a clock in a morning until 10 PM as soon as 2 hours from when you make the call. Let me say it again just so you get this straight in your mind. Only dialometrist 100 mattress delivery, on the day and time you want from 8 in the morning until 10 at night as soon as 2 hours after you make your call every day, 7 days a week, even Saturday and Sunday, they in evening and the sun other, it's to make a long, soon, a story short. Whenever it really is convenient for you. The next best service available when the number is Tuesday through Saturday and a four hour window And don't even tell you which four hours until they call you the night before. Stinking service, right? If you want great service, great selection and prices unbeatable. Do what I always do when I need a brand new name brand mattress. Call our friends at dialometres anytime you're in a mood. 24 hours a day, seven days a week. Choose the Sealy Service Simmons or King Coral that you really wanted. A great low price. And then choose when you want to knock it on your door and stuff it in there for you in a mattress too. Call dialometres today. 1-800-MAT-T-T-R-E-S or check. I lock on board that day. I only need one hand on my mouse to look in good light. Behind my desk. I am zipped my hands. Click on thumbnail to make me smile. Stroke the way. I'm gonna take some time. If I knew what I should, I might pop over and over. They can be your right. Oh, let it open and I'll be online. All night. Hey. The picture all the same. Need to be doing better on my bone. It's every tired man. I'll try a bookmark now. So I can feel my smell. And try to matter on my keyboard. Or the shell. I'm gonna take some time. If I knew what I should, I might pop over and over. They can be your right. Oh, let it open and I'll be online. All night. I'm gonna take some time. If I knew what I should, I might pop over. They can be your right. Oh, let it open and I'll be online. All night. Oh, 27-12-5-60-QA. Am I agree, Miguel? Bokeb Rines just getting better and better. And I like it when he does the current things. I'm trying to talk him in and doing some rap spoof. Because it's true. What everyone says. It's easy to do. Right? Rap. I mean, if you're just cutting and pasting and sampling and everything like that, well, he can do that and spoof then. He can write the comedy and just lay it down all our rap style. I think it's a whole new thing. You'll sell more bits to the nationals, Brian. And I ran the transfer, but I still haven't looked at what's there. So maybe it'll be something good. Maybe it'll be something good. QA, I'm hello. Yes, how do you do? How do you do? George, I have a different political view. Is it okay for me to do that? Of course it's okay. You just can't be a chronic saying the same thing. Catholic Church people trying to blend in the homosephane. I know you can feel power at the thing all bushes, dominollists. Why would you say that? Why would you say that? We parrot the thing. He's a dumb man. Well, let me tell you this. If he's dumb, then the Democrats' spices dumb, because these running... I'm not going to argue with you. I think they're in it together. I think they're being bought off. I think they're not going to be a national dick-bap party. Hillary Clinton. Every two months they come out with a statement against... Sir, there are stupid people in each part. They're not a president. They're not a president. So your point is the Democrats have dumb people in their party, too. Is that your point? No, my point is that... They're not the president. What he's talking about? The point is... He's running circles around the party that you... These running circles are on the party, because you said so. He's an idiot, just because you said so. He's running circles running. I don't see him running anywhere. I see him running back and forth to the helicopter and back. He's running circles around them. He's a stupid, illiterate, bumbling party, frapp boy. Coke, snorten, hard, drink and frapp boy. Who exceeded the Peter Principal beyond anyone's wildest dreams. It wouldn't be there except for the fact that he's got to pay all those people back. Who's money he lost when he was trying to make some. QAM, hello, last call of the day, and then I'm going to play some, I don't know, book a Brian Bets. Whatever's in there. Clinton was a real brain surgeon, too, right? He's smarter than President Dumps. He's back getting head and stuff like that. That's smart. That's brilliant. I wish I could be that smart. What about the secret he sold to the Chinese for contributions? What about selling the... Uh-huh. What about improving the economy, reducing the 99, not that... Yeah, nothing to do with that. Oh, I'll pull it. I'll talk. Blow it out your ass. I'll stand there and play Jeopardy against Bush. Let's put, you know, here's what we can do. Anyone who you people, Bush and Clinton playing Jeopardy. Who do you think would win? Any of you people out there defending Bush, him, Bush, and Clinton playing Jeopardy. Who's going to win? How about an SAT test? Who's going to win? How about any kind of a test? How about a ninth grade graduation test? How about an Ohio basics? Kind of a test? QAM, a gal's on the phone. QAM, a gal's on the phone. Oh, look at that, Miguel. I'm getting an error thing on the phone thing. And all of a sudden, I can't do anything. Wait. QAM, hello. I've just been disabled. Do you have something? I'm trying to tell you. I can't punch up. I've got an error on my screen. I could play some filler music and go try to fix it, but I might have to reboot my computer. Me too, because the phone over here says line five and that on my screen. I have no dots. Any other? How can this be? All of a sudden we lose the phone. This is wonderful. It's a sign that we shouldn't take any calls. Yeah, just talk to each other about three sums with twins. Anything else? How about how Kennedy was a playing president also? Didn't he have a fairs left in right? Everybody had a big deal of business. Everybody had a big deal of business. When we were going on, we would get facts after facts about every president. And all their little shenanigans, all their mistresses, things like that. They just didn't have mistresses. Their wives had boyfriends. Eleanor was a lesbian. Eleanor Roosevelt was lesbian. All of these things. And they talked about it during the Kennedy things, where he would have hookers delivered to the White House. And he was just whether he was at home or abroad. He had broads delivered all the time. And they were marked right in front of the media people, the press people. But they all had an understanding in those days. And ever since Nixon, that arrangement went away where the media keeps quiet about the president and what they're doing. Nixon changed everything. I'm going to place him kill him. He's like, you're trying to reset this computer because I don't know what I'm going to do now. All right, let's try something here. You out. Every time I press the button, I get the same thing. One moment please. One moment please. You out. You out. You out. You out. You out. You're going to hate me. You're going to hate me. You're going to hate me. Please. Please. I hate it. You know what? Let's take the break early because I have a feeling that we're going to have to play along. After it anyway. Because we have to reset the phone and two computers. Well, the audience wants to know this stuff. It's a total technical difficulties, which is part of the course here. But hey, how about that connection? 21, 12, 5, 60, WQA. Pompano Park is open for live harness racing three nights away. Gary wins day Friday and Saturday. First, post time 730 in the PM. Free general parking in. Free grants and admission every afternoon. Don't forget to pump an O park every Wednesday night. It is dollar night. You can get draft beer, hot dog, soda or large pretzel or popcorn for just a buck of peace. On Wednesday, Friday and Saturday nights. Pompano Park offers a special all you can eat buffet on the fourth floor players lounge. You can also help salad tons of veggies may not raise to choose from. Great desserts. All for one great low price. Plus and Friday and Saturday, there's a carving station with Turkey, him, primary and pork or flank steak. Pompano Park also offers full card sample casting every day seven days a week. Starting at noon with high-eye harness and third-brown action. And don't forget, you can watch and wait around the 127th running of the pre-tunistics at Pompano Park tomorrow. Saturday, May 18th. Early bird wagering starts today. Pompano Park on powerline road of Blacksouth Atlantic Boulevard. 1. Personality The Hammer 2. 2. 3. 7. 4. 5. 4. 4. 5. 6. 5. 5. 6. 6. 5. 6. 5. It's an asshole's bill and they're all out on the street. You see them on the sidewalk over here, then shuffle their feet. It's 20,000 assholes doing asshole from the native. Stuff a side good people is the assholes of the rain. We got the assholes, we've freedom. The assholes, the men. The assholes, but Jesus, the assholes, but guns. Assholes for justice, assholes for crime, assholes for assholes, assholes all turn. You got assholes making money, making all the rules. Taking a large job, they're fulfilling the five schools. Assholes on the water, asshole from the sky. You find the same help wanted, asshole's need of a lie. Oh teach you won't you tell me, and I really made the race. To my head, my class, or I just another asshole on the race. I'm gonna go. Assholes give the orders, an asshole broke both. Assholes get elected, because assholes get to vote. I want to sort of send a little assholes never die. They just made it very, very, very, very. Assholes in the water, asshole every night, asshole to the left, and assholes to the play. That's 20,000 assholes, assholes from the native. The sooner the better for that Julio, by the way, 13-12-560 QAM, the phones are out, or at the very least, I can't punch anybody up. Is there anybody on there on the main unit? Yeah, I'm not. You see anybody on there? Yeah, crank. I've got some stuff to read before I go on because you doubted me about everything, but I always think about the Pope. Oh, about the Pope and that chair. It's called the poor for each chair. I hope I'm pronouncing that correctly. Thank you, Alan, by the way, for sending this to me. Yeah, and it's a papal throne with a hole in it so that you can check for the Pope's balls. And here is the article, or at least an article on the issue. I might read why, let me move this out of the way. We're doing engineering in the middle of the show. But that's okay. It's just for flavor. It's for spice. The Pope's balls in the lives of Pope's 1479. Bartolomeo. Bartolomeo. Bartolomeo? Bartolomeo? Bartolomeo? He's felt before being installed as the new Pope. This was to prevent any woman you surfer from sending the throne, a fear that had grown out of rumors that one of the more earlier Pops had been a woman. Platina Tales of the one ninth century Pope, John, who was discovered to be a woman. She disguised herself one young as a man and traveled with her male lover, a scholar. In Rome, she met with few who could match or exceed her knowledge of the scriptures. By her learning and brilliant reading, she gained great respect and was chosen Pope by common. Concent. Unfortunately says Platina, the Pope became pregnant by one of her man's servants. She hid her big belly for quite a while until one day when she was going to the latter in church. Her labor came upon her and she died upon the spot. Maybe God was punishing her. She had presided for two years, one month and four days and was buried without any pump. To prevent such a travesty from reoccurring, Rome's cardinals introduced the poor for each heir. P-O-R-P-H-Y-R-Y. Poor-Free? A throne of purple stone with a hole in the center. When any new Pope is first seated explained Platina, the youngest deacon. Of course, the youngest daughter. Of course, why would we think anything else? The youngest deacon reaches up through the hole in the chair and touches the Pope's genitals. I'm going to save this for you because you think that I'm making it up even as I'm reading. I think you're at a living the whole thing right now. Is the story of the 9th Century Pope John Tru? It's hard to say for sure, officially there were at least two Pope's name John in the 9th Century. One was an anti-Pope and thrown in 844 by the people of Rome after violent demonstrations against outrageous in the papacy. Maybe pedophilia. Eventually, de-throwned and nearly murdered, he was dispatched to a monastery and nothing more of his fate is known. Another John 8th was elected in 872 was the first Pope to be assassinated, poisoned by his relatives, and then clubbed to death. A mid-Such-Skall-Dugory, one of my favorite words, there might have been a woman Pope. Oh wait, I see stuff now. Holy Otham, man. I see things. Hulio is as they say, can I say the shiz... May the shiz. I won't finish the rest of it at. QIM. Hello. Testing 1, 2, 3. Yes, you're wrong. Working alright. Working. Testing. Testing. That first kind of called about talking about the gay instead of... Yeah, it's a homeless sexual problem. Let's funny. Why is the church having a homosexual problem and none of the rest of us are? Exactly. I'm surprised you must be a little slow today because I'm surprised you didn't recognize him. He almost messed up a controversial deal again. Oh, was that George Bush? That was John's. Oh, Reverend Jones. And other questions, do you happen to have any kind of update on our friends Rick and Scuds? They're still on the beach. Wow. Hang in our campaign, huh? Yeah. Although Rick volunteered to do the summer show. Did he? So maybe you'll hear them nod during the summer, I don't know. And rather hear more soaps. Okay. Okay, fine. Alright, take it easy. That would be wonderful. QIM, hello. Hey, I just got back in. Oh, what a timing. What coincidence? What's going on? We're doing a radio show. Want to be on it? Ah, quite back. What is it? You'll call me back. Alright, when you think of something to say, QIM hello. See, they're coming for you, Miguel. You and your lesbian twin fan Carl. QIM hello. Me? You? Oh, you're going to be at a treasure island tonight? Not tonight, sir. Next week. Okay. All right. Take it easy. I think he's coming to kill me. QIM. Yeah, go there tonight. I'll be there. T. He. QIM. Yeah, the victims of the, uh, uh, Precept, uh, by a huge margin have been boys, not girls. Yeah. Yeah. And we know that. We know that. Make that would make them homosexual. They're petafiles, or they're molesting little. No, they're homosexual petafiles. They're homosexual petafiles. Okay. There you go. Yeah. Yeah. And there you go. Okay. Yeah. It's a homosexual problem. It's not a animal. It's a homosexual problem. Yeah. So all homosexuals are our petafiles. No, I hate that more of a chance of being a petafile than a head of a head of a cool. What great did you get in logic in high school? A plus. Plus a double plus. I taught the freaking class. How's that? They're homosexuals, but the pre-s are doing it together. Oh, whatever. Exactly. There you go. Although maybe they are, you know, as an appetizer, as a warm-up, back, maybe they work out on each other, as a warm-up. They're homosexual petafiles. You are correct, sir. But to suggest that because someone is a homosexual, that there is more of a chance of them molesting a child than a heterosexual, you are wrong, sir. Petafilia comes from twisted individuals. Whatever it is, they go. It's like people that do animals. It's not a normal thing to be sexually attracted to children. If you're a heterosexual and you're sexually attracted to pre-pubescent little girls, you are abnormal. If you're homosexual and you're attracted to pre-pubescent young boys, then you are abnormal. And that is who they are molesting is pre-pubescent young boys. For the most part, they are sick, twisted individuals, and here's a whole crew of them that you're supporting. Give him money too. What? What? He looked like you wanted to say something. I'm just listening intensely. Okay. QAM Hello. You are. QAM Hello. QAM Hello. Karanik. Luzer. Life revolves around us. Hello. It's you. Hello. Hello. Hello. Yes, hi. Hi. Why are you on speaker, sir? Why are we on speakerphone? I'm running in the room to show my radio off now. Good idea. I just want to make a statement that the church is mostly for financial reasons. They have to like to want to save the flock, so they didn't want to worry about it. They get out and treat for having children. They're doing children. Yes, exactly. I think the more of a financial decision that they're about is that they're about to go to the church. Well, that's what they're about as finances besides fun, fun and finance. Finance and fun. Yeah. So the speaker. Yeah, my husband, the one that I want to make. You know who won the Laker Game West? No. QAM Hello. Yeah. Yeah. Here we go. Hey, George. I want to invite all the money. You want to invite all the facts to your house for a circle jerk and you're going to be the pivotman. QAM Hello. Hey, George. I baked the differ, but a lot of the reports of a lot of the reports of a lot of the voices are being reported by a police when they were teenagers. No, you're another one. You're another one. They're they're they're they're they have to be the most of which by the way is still wrong. But they're all like eight nine ten eleven. Yeah, almost that Charlie is ramping in the church. In other words, right? There's a lot of free to free. Oh, there's no denying that, but that's not the problem. And in fact, traditionally a lot of times the Catholic families would send their kids off to the presides because they were gay. That was, you know, who else would join sir? Who else would join a group of people? Well, the not your contradicting yourself. I'm not any. I'm not. You know what, you're because you're hearing what you want to hear. You're you're you're already brainwashed. First of all, why are you even listening to the show? Go listen to your priest. You know what? There's going to be a Catholic show on on a radio station from three till six this afternoon. Broker, of course. Why don't you listen to that? And, you know, and and and touch yourself. Why aren't you listening to your priest right now? Why are you listening to this he then? Hate filled he then spik on a talk show right now. Ripping into your hypocritical leaders there. The fakers that you believe in. Why do you care what I have to say? Why are you obsessed with me? Go go to church go to church right now. Drive there talk to your priest. Heaven feed you some more lies and pretend to know something. The Catholic church is right with homosexuality. Yes, that is a fact. But the other guy said it's not a pedophilia problem. It's a homosexual problem. These are pedophiles. They happen to be homosexual pedophiles. But that there's nothing wrong with being a homosexual. And I wouldn't care if 100% of the priest were homosexuals. As long as they were keeping it within the confines of consenting adults. Like all the rest of us do. Keep our monkey business to consenting adults. If they're underage, homosexual or not, it's still pedophilia. Whether or not their homosexual is not relevant to the fact that they're touching children. They're touching children. So they happen to choose the male children. Well, yes, because that is the nature of their pedophilia. They're interested in young boys. They are sick, twisted homosexuals. As opposed to the normal homosexuals all around us everywhere. And every walk of life no matter where you are. Yes, even in major league sports, there are homosexuals all around you. And you know what? They're just normal people that happen to like one thing different than you. Instead of blue, they like red. Instead of this, they like that. Are there any altergrilled? Instead of p***ing. They like t***s. Oh, sorry. They like p***. No, there are not any altergrills. So that kind of leaves that option. Wait, wait, wait, wait, you know what? They have these churches. They have recently. And recent years, I have heard of certain churches. Having altergrills. But that's a really recent thing. And that's not widespread. Three till 12 on 560, WQAM. The weather started to get really hot again in between the rain drops. Some are storms in a possibility of hurricane soon follows. So get yourself prepared for a major storm. The big blow and discover what thousands of people are done to protect their homes. Call all weather systems. All weather systems has been doing it right. They have been a business for over 15 years in town in the race. State license, FEMA project impact contractor. All weather systems carries the new state of the art shutterless impact resistant windows and French doors. No one's sightlier, roughly shutters to ruin the look of your home. And the convenience is never having to put up heavy plywood or storm panels too. All weather systems offers 100% unsickered bank financing with no payments for 90 days in payments as low as only 69 bucks a month. The Rimpact Resistant Windows and French doors have insulated glass, which saves you energy. Reduces outside noises and the non-breakable glass. Helps keep out criminals and burglars and undesirables as well. All weather systems also manufactures a full line of accordion style shutters. Electric rollups and hurricane panels too. Give all weather systems a call today and save yourself the headache of putting up shutters. Protect your family from storms and crime and keep your house looking sensational and energy efficient all at the same time. Call all weather systems toll free. 1-800-7285126. That's 1-800-725126. They provide home protected by highest quality with service reliability and professionalism comparable to them. Call them today and please tell them that the Ragers are ready to call all weather systems 1-800-728. Helinera's you call 1-800-good year. To the O'erottar Show on 560-9200-9400-8400. I'm golden spirit. I'm a real wonderful WQL in Miami. Oh man, I couldn't find the bit that I wanted. I wanted to play Malcolm X-Box. You ever do that? Well of course not you haven't done the show. You're going through you have a bit that you want to play and then you realize that there's one that you want to hear more. Dude, it happens all the time. To celebrate the 10th anniversary of one of the greatest uprisings of the Black community in the history of this country, the LA riots, I have entered into a partnership with Microsoft to bring you the latest in African American technology. The Malcolm X-Box. You won't believe the Lifelike graphics on the new Malcolm X-Box games including my Tyson's boxing, Brawling and fighting 2002 Rodney King's police chase and if you purchase a Malcolm X-Box now, we'll throw in a free copy of Jason William Shooting Gallery. It's gonna wrap a luchinized African American gaming as we know it. The Malcolm X-Box. Pick up yours today. Oh, thank you very much. We're just having a conversation off the air. The new bit, there's a new bush bit. Alright, I'll get to it. Speaking of getting to things, let me get some of these facts that have been just sitting there. Thank you so much whoever sent me this picture of the Brittany thing from the inquire that we're Jones and four. I feel like I'm going to make sure Miguel. I'm going to launch you with a black blob. It says Brittany and Justin are back and all we see is a black blob where the picture is supposed to be. Also, Star Wars Episode 7 after recent speculation based on what sounded like a misinterpreted quote, George Lucas is finally and clearly ruled out further adventures after Jedi. Lucas told that he had previously considered the idea, but has since candid totally. I thought it might be fun to bring back Carrie Fisher, Mark Hamill, Harrison Ford. When there's 65, making it on the movie with them, but I'm going to be over 60 when I finish this and it takes 10 years to do trilogy. I'm not going to spend my next 10 years doing Star Wars probably just as well. You know what George? You know what George you could sub-lapt the franchise. You could let somebody that has actually seen the movies make the other three movies. Do you know what I'm saying? Well, didn't he write them all like 30 years ago? Right. So the stories are already there. Just give it to somebody who understands continuity and some good actions and good editing and let them do it. You know what the guy that did the lore to the rings and they did three in one, all in one sitting. And he obviously knows how to turn a book or something that already exists into a movie fleshed out very nicely, very accurately, respecting the original author's wishes and intentions. I think Peter Jackson is the guy's name, the director of the lore to the rings. Okay. Give it to him, George. Hand the books over to Peter Jackson and say, here you go. What you did there, that trilogy that you did with the lore to the rings, do the same thing with seven, eight, nine. On a related note, because I found this story earlier, it kind of makes me sad. Darth Vader eager to get back into the battle. Darth Vader is itching to get back into battle with his lightsaber, but he, oh, you know what the right hand side of this thing is cut off. I can't read it. The bottom line is David Hans. David prowess the guy in the suit. He wants to be in the movies. He wants to be Darth again when he becomes Darth. Only problem is the guy's got a bad limp. He's old. He's got, what is it? He's 100% physically able to do it according to him. Where is it? Must undergo fifth hip operation. He's a wreck. First of all, you know how tall people when they get old, like really tall people when they get old. They start to fall apart, like Andre, the giant and stuff. They start to collapse under their own weight. Their knees and hips and ankles give out. That's what's happening to this guy. I'm at him at the one and only science fiction convention that I ever went to. And we go to again, nerd. We had free passes at the station where we were at. And my daughter, being a big star, was fan, wanted to get Darth Vader's autograph. She was, I don't know, nine, ten at the time. Okay, honey, since I don't have to pay, since the station's promoting it. We can go get Darth Vader's autograph, which we did. This guy is like, wallide. You know what that means? Like one eye is down here. The other eye is over there. Did you ever see the guy from the groanies? A clockwork orange? He looks like that. Did you ever see a clockwork orange? No. Oh my god. Sorry. There are so many things that you need to catch up on. That's one of those things like gone with the wind. Well, you still haven't. Sorry, saying, you must see clockwork orange. You know what? I'm going to buy that DVD just so I can lend it to you. I'm going to see better make it a DVD in that of VHS. Come on. Have we met? Nigger please. Just check who you talking to. Thank you for that. What do you mean? What do you mean? Somebody mentioned it earlier in the show that you let me training day training day. That was adequate. That was not bad. Denzel is good when he's in a good movie. He's been in some stink bombs though. It was great. That was funny too. Virtuality sucked. The mighty Quinn. He can be in some real stink bombs. Anyway, so I can't read this thing because the right hand side is cut off. But it's just David Prouse. All these old people like Adam West wanted to be in the new Batman movies. Was all pissed off about it, too. What do you mean? I can't be Batman. Well, you're 80. You're. You're a Robin's old. And we don't want to remind people about, you know, if you played Batman, nobody's going to take us seriously. We want this dark. You know, nobody took us to the Batman movie. And we're having. Speaking of which. Hey, this is the video. What? He got booties, crime fighting booties. No, I didn't see the video. Play plays the Robin in the part. He got the Robin. I see. No, I haven't seen the video. The backwards V. I will have to. Anyway, the Darth Vader wants to be. It's a sad, sad tale. Please stop. We can get into other stuff like the Cal Pastre found guilty in molesting a teen. Boy, 15 year old boy, pedophile. But guess what? He's not a Catholic, so I just thought I'd throw that out there. QAM hello. How's he? Oh, great. QAM hello. Hello? We know who you are asshole. Hello? Yes. Your voice is, I still have nightmares about this guy's voice. Hello? QAM hello, last call of the day. Go back to music. How talented. You're a what? So like I said, to Cal Pastre found guilty and molesting a teen. Oh, if you actually do want to talk and you're not a fanatical Catholic or if you don't work for the homeless voice or in if your name isn't Sean Kahnani, you can call and talk. On 560, 60 in date and Broward, pound 560 on 18 T. Wireless, 877, 785, 635 is toll free everywhere else. A Lathonia pastor who's been dodging, who's been dogged for five years by allegations of child molestation was convicted Tuesday night. On charges of molesting a 15 year old male perishiner. The Reverend Troy Brown pastor of greater anointed tabernacle worship center was found guilty of 25 counts of molestation, 11 counts of aggravated child molestation and 14 counts of child molestation. And I don't even know what the differences are. Moments before the verdict was read aloud in court, Brown appeared over his attorney's shoulder at the written verdict and put his head in his hands. WQAM hello. Yes, isn't the same bush group that said the Catholics were a cult now he's pandering the Catholics? Well, you know, he's got he's got to have their support. Remember they have common points. They have they want anti-women's rights anti-abortion. They want those those tax dollars for their perocule schools, whether they're the right wing Bible, thumbping, more and again Christian Bible school or the Catholic school. So they've got all these common goals. They have to make friends. Yeah, he needed a campaign picture and sitting next to the Pope. Isn't that a pretty picture? Yeah, wasn't a half a pro that I'm a moral day bush was they well? Oh, no, he was a normandy. Come on. Oh, I mean I get it, but he was a normandy. But who bench? QAM hello. You're straight. QAM hello. Yes, I am. QAM hello. George. Yes. Hey, I caught you at the day about the poor. I gave you parents and Mickey Hilton. Yes. I just wanted to let you know. I found some really good pictures of them on mine. Should I set them to you? Yeah. They're really, really good. I think put you on hold and Miguel can give you my email address. Okay. I want pictures of Paris and Mickey Hilton. Do you remember the email address Miguel? Without having to look it up. I'll write it on this side. Yeah, right. Thank you. QAM hello. Thank you. Thank you. And was that it? That's it. Well, thank you very much. QAM hello. George. Yes. I'm talking to me. I'm talking to you. Okay. Forgive me. I'm a little. I just learned some creepy. You too, huh? What you call it? I got this obsession with Chikira. What do you think about Chikira? I think she's hot. I think she's smoking. I want her right now. Right? Right now. Oh, I'm right here. Right in the middle of the show. I stopped the show for that. That underneath your clothes is stupid. It's song I've ever heard. I don't like, I only like one of her songs. But I just like her. Yeah. But the thing is, she just makes it sexy. Yeah. Yeah. You could hear her little accent in the song itself, you know? I like the way she does that belly dance and stuff with the whole jangles. The little jangled belt around her hips and little. A little bit of a low riding hip hug. Your pants. She makes me crazy. I dig it because she's like small breast and even uses that line in the song, you know? Yeah. That's cool. Yeah, I like her. Okay. I like her lots. I mean, she doesn't have the greatest face in the world. You know, like, like just spectacular beauty. I'm talking about, but she's cute and she's sexy. She's got sex appeal. You talking about Shakira talking about Shakira. No, I'm talking about you. Yeah. I was busy with your stupid email address. Sorry. I'm talking about Shakira. She's sexy. Very. She's not like Sophia Vragara beautiful and luscious, you know? Well, that, I mean, that's just a... She's an illegal hurrah. She's an illegal hurrah. But Shakira's sexy. I like the way she moves. I like her performance. She does interesting things with her voice. She does do better. And I think she could have better songs. That oh, as I see, that's the only song I like of hers. Our first CD was great. I'm honestly Spanish, but I haven't both. Because I didn't know which CD had the song that I liked on it. Because I don't know from Spanish song titles. So I just bought them both. It's okay. It's adequate. She just had. I just wanted. I'm more of a physical fan than a musical fan. QAM Hello. QAM. QAM. Hello. Hello. Yeah. How are you doing? All right. How are you? Pretty good. I'm not a Catholic. However, I was, I did read an article that it said that 90 percent of those abused our boys. And it also said 90. Right. A percent of priest and his country are normal sexual. Now my question is, you're supposed to be celibate. How can you be classified? A normal sexual is the priest? Why? Because homosexuality refers to your, your, your inclination. That's what you want. If you're celibate, that means you're not doing what you want. So you can be straight or gay and be celibate. It's the matter of what you're avoiding. They're not. Yeah. No. No. No. No. No. Not any boys like our 15 and 16. And what is it? A lot of our and then a lot of nine, 10, 11, 12, 13. Right. So it's very difficult to classify them all as pedophile cases. And right. Wouldn't it be? I mean, I'm just, I'm just, I'm just, listen, listen, you know, I don't care what that 15 year old, year old girl looks like. They have these shows on Jerry and Jenny. My teenagers are slut and these girls come out here then let me tell you what. They, they sure as hell could fool me and anybody that I know. But you know what? If you do it, it's a crime and you're going to jail. That's pedophilia. Absolutely. All right. All right. You have a good one. It's, it's statutory rape. You're going to go to jail. It's illegal no matter what they look like. And if you want to justify it that way, oh, well, he was a very mature looking 15 year old boy. You know what? Try to tell me what? Try telling that to the judge about the girl, about the 15 year old girl that you just did something with. Well, judge her. Take a look at her. She's sitting right there. Look at them. Tidies. Judge their pop and right out at you. Look at that. Tell me you wouldn't do that judge. Well, that's not the point. Now, is it? 1213 on 560. WQA. Hey, speaking of amazing places to go. Let me tell you again, armadillo cafe. If you haven't checked it out. And I don't know why because it's been around for a very long time. I'm going to say long time. And they started in that little, unassuming place on Davy Road extension there in Davy. I'm not sure if you can get a ride by it. And you think, hey, I hear it's really a great place. But it looks like, you know, not much. But in spite of that, it just became more and more famous and more popular because the food was so good that people would come from all over town. They are middle cafe. And now in a great new location, there's no excuse. There were 3,400 South University drive between 595 and Griffin Road in Davy. Right kitty corner the pizza loft. There might be on pier one imports. So it's a great location. Tons and tons of free parking. They got compliment. We've got a park and if you like to. And the food is unmatable. So we're not with an appetizer like the Tequila grilled shrimp with corncakes or the Tempura Island Princess Conk. Try one of their terrific spinach salads with glazed pecans or the pistachio-crested mozzarella salad with the best and fresh ingredients and money can buy. And while you're at the armadillo, some of the enthrase you want to try like the pan-seared yellow tail snapper with roasted peppers or the sea bass with sweet corn and a veal glaze. Just tons and tons of amazing mouthwatering enthrase on them. And then for dessert, it is beyond belief. The cranberry layers, the best you'll have anywhere in the world. And the warm chocolate fritters covered with hot fludge. I'm sure I just as with. I never had that and believe me. I probably better not. Call the armadillo cafe for reservations call 9-5-4-4-2-3-9-9-54. 9-5-4-4-2-3-9-9-54. Try armadillo cafe one time you'll understand why for 14 years in a row. It's been voted one of the best restaurants in Broward County. It's smoke free and like I said tons of people are working to. Armadillo cafe, be sure to. I'm going to make a video about the restaurant. I'm going to make a video about the restaurant. I'm going to make a video about the restaurant. I'm going to make a video about the restaurant. I'm going to make a video about the restaurant. I'm going to make a video about the restaurant. I'm going to make a video about the restaurant. I'm going to make a video about the restaurant. I'm going to make a video about the restaurant. I'm going to make a video about the restaurant. I'm going to make a video about the restaurant. I'm going to make a video about the restaurant. I'm going to make a video about the restaurant. I'm going to make a video about the restaurant. I'm going to make a video about the restaurant. I'm going to make a video about the restaurant. I'm going to make a video about the restaurant. I'm going to make a video about the restaurant. I'm going to make a video about the restaurant. I'm going to make a video about the restaurant. I'm going to make a video about the restaurant. I'm going to make a video about the restaurant. I'm going to make a video about the restaurant. I'm going to make a video about the restaurant. I'm going to make a video about the restaurant. I'm going to make a video about the restaurant. I'm going to make a video about the restaurant. I'm going to make a video about the restaurant. I'm going to make a video about the restaurant. I'm going to make a video about the restaurant. I'm going to make a video about the restaurant. I'm going to make a video about the restaurant. I'm going to make a video about the restaurant. I'm going to make a video about the restaurant. I'm going to make a video about the restaurant. I'm going to make a video about the restaurant. I'm going to make a video about the restaurant. I'm going to make a video about the restaurant. I'm going to make a video about the restaurant. I'm going to make a video about the restaurant. I'm going to make a video about the restaurant. I'm going to make a video about the restaurant. I'm going to make a video about the restaurant. I'm going to make a video about the restaurant. I'm going to make a video about the restaurant. I'm going to make a video about the restaurant. I'm going to make a video about the restaurant. I'm going to make a video about the restaurant. I'm going to make a video about the restaurant. I'm going to make a video about the restaurant. I'm going to make a video about the restaurant. I'm going to make a video about the restaurant. I'm going to make a video about the restaurant. I'm going to make a video about the restaurant. I'm going to make a video about the restaurant. I'm going to make a video about the restaurant. I'm going to make a video about the restaurant. I'm going to make a video about the restaurant. I'm going to make a video about the restaurant. I'm going to make a video about the restaurant. I'm going to make a video about the restaurant. I'm going to make a video about the restaurant. I'm going to make a video about the restaurant. I'm going to make a video about the restaurant. I'm going to make a video about the restaurant. I'm going to make a video about the restaurant. I'm going to make a video about the restaurant. I'm going to make a video about the restaurant. I'm going to make a video about the restaurant. I'm going to make a video about the restaurant. I'm going to make that. Mr. Bragan about the nature of his birth. What a proud accomplishment you've achieved. Your mom dropped you on American soil. We're all proud. We're all proud over here. QAM Hello. Hey, how are you? Hey, I want to give you a good ride on man. Big time. All right. Thank you. I'm going to story about a priest back in high school. He quit the priest. He was a principal. I don't know. All those guys, they drove nice cars. And then you find out, oh, that way. But also got something to add. The reason why those Republicans towards Bush and all those people are being messed up. They're in a... They're like in a man. Okay. Well, geez. I would let him go on, but in any event. On by the way, sir, an IP taxes. So I have a right to say whatever the hell I want. I'm paying my dues. QAM Hello. Hey, how are you doing? I'm doing a show. You got sick. You got an allergy or something like that. He did the first hour. We're going to discuss. You're doing a hell of a job. Why? They say you're getting their listening. They don't miss a minute. They're hurting me by demonstrating the fact that they're out there and they're helping. Hey, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I don't know from here. You're a hitman. You're fine with me. All right. I can read much. Well, actually more of an asmen, but we all know about that. Not that, uh, you know, I don't spend a lot of attention around front. Don't get me wrong. But if you made me choose between which one to have Luscious, they got to have a figure. They got to have a figure. We're Cuban, man. So. You know, that's, that's genetically programs. As much as you know, I don't deny that I'm Cuban. I just, I, I reserved the right to define how Cuban I want to be. How's that? Who the hell is anybody else to tell me what a Cuban is? Do you see what I'm saying? It's like one black man telling another black man to hey, you're not black enough. What are you talking about? Uh, I am what I am. And I get to define myself. And I'm not going to be defined by the geography of my birth or or what the people around me are doing. I'm going to make my own way. Thank you very much. Q, I am. Hello. Go back. Q, I am. Hello. You can go back. I can't go back. I can't go back. I can't do that. So I'll kiss my ass. Sorry. How much, what percentage of America votes? 10%, 20%. I'm in the majority. That's the only thing that differentiates my me from them. As I can't vote or I don't vote. Hello. Hello. Yeah. I'm sorry. I'm battling over you. No, no, no, no. I'm not my Christmas. Who does? Who's that? Who's that? Who's that? Your buddy? Gay lover? Q, I am hello. Q, I am crankline. Q, I am. That's the crankhouse. Hello. Q, I am hello. George. Yeah. How you doing, man? All right. How are you? Love your show. Hey, Joe. Come back. I suck. Go ahead, sir. George, you know, I think I'm pushing this problem as the Arabs. I think they're giving them. They're giving him the hardest time right now. His presidency. I mean, he's struggling all because of the damn Arabs. Why, he's struggling because he's an idiot. He's struggling because he's an idiot, sir. And an asshole. Q, I am hello. Hey, how are you? First, you wanted my picture. You murdered an idiot? No, I've got several. Got a whole album. Q, I am hello. God, you suck. Q, I am hello. And you wonder why Neil doesn't take calls anymore. Q, I am. It's your turn. What are you guys? Hey, George. Hey, what? Great show. Thank you. I want to talk about the priest and the government. All right. What do you think would happen as our justices pounder, as ponder the vector issue? And we know all the churches paying out all this money to pay off these people that have been molested. Why do we give our voucher money to? Well, the obvious answer is that we shouldn't, but of course, they keep saying that, oh, no, no, that money is going to stay over here. And, you know, the pay off money is coming from somewhere else. And, you know, one has nothing to do with the other. That's what they're going to say. Well, if I think you should come out as we know, we shouldn't combine religion and govern. Everybody knows that. What people keep forgetting, including the people that are trying to push it through, is that the first amendment exists to protect the religious and the religions of the world or the rise of the nation. It's so that the government can't support one over another. So that you're free to worship freely. And the government can't tell you anything about it, but they don't confuse them with that. They just want their money. And they're convinced, you know, both the Catholics and the big time, the big name right wing organizations, the big time right wing religions, like the assembly of God and the Baptists and all of those people. They don't care about their right. They would sell their right for dollars. And that's what they're going to do. Well, the justices are pioneering the issue right now. So I hope they make the right decision. Send them a letter. All right. All right. I hope to God that they do the right thing. QAM Hello. QAM Hello. No time for people to radio on. Hello. Hello. Yes. George. Yes. Hey, man, every time I turn a radio on, all these guys are ripping you. Yeah. Well, they, they suck, man. Because I know, they're in love with me. They're fooling somebody. They're listening to the show and calling. Like if they were doing a radio show, would I be listening or calling them? I think I will. I did. No, these people on hold her that. You're trying to sandbag me now. You're just like all the other guys. QAM Hello. You're the Kielo. QAM Hello. I know that. I've got the letters. Hello. Yes. Why do white people go to play Gertzils? I give up. Okay. 1226 on 560 QAM. Let's just set the records straight on mattress delivery policies. Only down on mattress 1 800 mattress delivers on the day and time you want within any two hour window from eight o'clock in the morning until 10 PM as soon as two hours from when you make the call. Let me say it again just so you get this straight in your mind. Only down on mattress 1 800 mattress delivers on the day and time you want from eight in the morning until 10 at night as soon as two hours after you make your call. Every day seven days a week even Saturday and Sunday day and evening and the sun other words to make a long service story short whenever it really is convenient for you. The next best service available on the liver is Tuesday through Saturday and a four hour window and they choose the window and don't even tell you which four hours until they call you the night before. Stink in service right if you want great service great selection and prices unbeatable do what I always do when I need a brand new name brand mattress call our friends at dial a mattress anytime you're in a mood 24 hours a day seven days week. Choose the silly sort of simins or king corollates you really wanted a great low price and then choose when you want to knock on on your door and stuff in there for you in the mattress to call down a mattress today toll free 1 800 mattress 1 800 mA TTR ES or check them out at max. Like there might not be a lot of you. You can't get your hands which will you five six. You a yeah that when the judge came in. I'm Ted Nuggen, rocker Patreons, a distant caveman as you know the tragedy in 911 was like a really bad thing that happened because of Clinton and the Jews so I want you to show your support for our president who was appointed by God himself. For a limited time only you can have this personally autograph photo of our fearless leader on that tragic day. He's in full color and on genuine favor made from trees in the Great North with yours for only one hundred fifty dollars. Come on a night of like this will soon be an e-bay collectible. You know that so call 1 800 NRCC right now. But wait if you call within the next 10 minutes you'll receive this never before heard audio of our mighty president on the morning in 911. There was a cat pillar who was very hungry the eight and apple but he was still hungry. There he is. He was from just a president first been in attack on the world traits center. Okay. And then he ate some strawberries and had a stormack at golf. He was the uncle tickets on the phone. He should need a lot of junk food cost you'll get a storm at you. That's 800 NRCC. I tell you what if you call now I'll even throw in this here. Bunch of bananas I'm wearing on my balls. I'm a little bit late. I'm a little bit late. I'm a little bit late. I'm a little bit late. I'm a little bit late. I'm a little bit late. I'm a little bit late. I'm a little bit late. I'm a little bit late. I'm a little bit late. I'm a little bit late. I'm a little bit late. I'm a little bit late. I'm a little bit late. I'm a little bit late. I'm a little bit late. I'm a little bit late. He's a crazy person. He's a lunatic. He might have a couple people I know by the way. Right on this side of the line and you don't know at what point they're going to go over it. A lot of stabbing and shootings and everything like that. There are some graphics scenes, a lot of gratuitous violence in the movie. Again, based on a true story, so I presume it's stuff that happened. Supposedly Australia is most sold criminal author. I don't know if they have the same son of Sam laws over there. Australia apparently not because this guy committed some crimes, wrote a book and he's a best selling author and kind of like a local celebrity over there. This chopper read. So it's about him. There's a lot of prison stuff, stabbing, shootings, shooting some people and stuff like that. The best part about the movie is that this Eric Vanigay is actually a really good actor. Accent or no accent. Because he goes back and forth from being a real like Australian street scummy kind of a gangster mode to the really nice guy like when he's being nice to people and putting on the nice act. He does a really convincing job of both. So if he's going to be the Hulk just acting wise, it's actually going to be decent assuming that they do it right and it gets translated and it is face and everything that he's doing gets translated over onto the computer. Because he was really doing a good job acting in that movie. Is the best part about it. And it ends kind of, well I'm not going to tell you how it ends. You might want to go see it. Chopper. No, I'll pass. QA, I'm hello. Cranks. I'll take cranks. Yeah. You know, it was a great line. You said just because you're mother pop your out. Yeah. QA, hello. Hello. Yeah. This is the kiss belated. I kissed a lady. How are you doing? Okay. How are you doing? Fine. I listened to you all the time, but I haven't had a lot of time to call, but my daughter calls you all the time now. Oh, tell her to stop. Little kiss. No, she loves you. Okay. What I wanted to do. I thought I love her, but don't be chronic. No, she does. George, when Chubby did do do. Yes. Herges his list this time with Miss Catherine. Are they going when they do the felon perge? Are they going to take his wife and daughter off the voting list now? Well, they weren't felons now. Were they? Oh, what do you think writing fake prescriptions is considered? I don't know. Not being a lawyer. Oh, it is a felony event. Okay. That's a good thing. You know what? I don't want to mention that. I'm going to another station this morning, but I was Bob floored in that. I guess it's on Brokered Radio. It's on Waxi. And he just rips jab all morning long. And I can't listen every day because that's all he does. But this morning he was going in on that about the voter thing. And going back over the election thing. And he was going county by county. But the voter turned out and the check things that they were going to. You know that they were excluding Puerto Ricans from voting. And certain counties based on this or that or they could speak English or, you know, they were basically checking their credentials and rechecking and doing this heavy duty screening and turning people away. When they're Puerto Ricans in these Puerto Ricans counties, well, everybody knows that Puerto Ricans are American citizens. Port in Puerto Rico. That's America. Hey, to break it to you. They're yours. They're not mine. They're yours. And they were turning them away because they weren't convinced that the Puerto Ricans were American citizens. There's no such thing as a non-American citizen Puerto Rican. But Puerto Ricans are largely democratic. So that's why they were doing the heavy screening in those areas. Cuban areas where they may or may not be American citizens. Everybody got to vote. Just come on in. Here you go. I'll help you fill out the card. Everybody gets to vote. Just thought I'd mention that. QA on the low since she brought up the voting thing. QA on the high. I don't want to. I don't want to. I don't want to. I don't want to. But I was a thing when other talk show yesterday too. I was a little bit more. I made an interesting comment. He was talking about the anti-war demonstrators in front of McDill Air Force Base during the Memorial Day. A celebration there. Okay. And he said, that's disgusting. They should take those people and they should deport them and send them to the Dominican Republic. Now, is he really that dumb to keep mis-the basic concept of freedom? Yes. They cloak themselves in liberty and freedom and patriotism. Right. If you have an opinion that doesn't match the government, you should be deporting. They should be deported. Freedom of our speech, not your speech. Freedom of our speech. So I don't know whether it's an act, but they seem like they just missed the concept. No, no, no, they know exactly what they're doing. They're not seeing. And they don't care. I don't know. I wonder what that was like. Okay. Or I should say fascist, you know, we just throw Nazi out there like it's nothing. They're fascists. QAM Hello. Get some materials. QAM Hello. Get a life. Get a life. You fag. Hello. QAM Hello. Yeah. Hi. Hi. Fine. I could say some of them all. My mom. She's crying. I'm reading. Hello. Yeah. Yeah. I'm your biggest fan, George. Sure you are. QAM Hello. I don't want you to as a fan. Go away. Go find a life. George? Yes. Hey, George. How are you doing? Fine. Have you ever heard of a comedian by the name of Jeff Dunham? No. He's got a dummy that looks exactly like a bald George Bush with a sour push. He's going to be on comedy channel on 1030 on Friday. Okay. Catch it. You'll give it a hold. I'll write it down to catch it. Will I remember? Probably not. QAM Hello. Nice. QAM Hello. QAM Hello. QAM Hello. QAM Hello. QAM Hello. He's a little one all right. Hello. You're so obsessed with me. How can anybody be so obsessed with one person? No. No. No. I said, call you one time before you. Okay. No. I'm talking about those other guys. They're doing nothing else today except calling me. How can any group of people be so obsessed over one person? They're absolutely insane. I called you. I'm sorry. I'm just going through real quick. I agree with you. You know, when you're born has no bearing on who you are. The religion you are, you know, people pick a thing. That's what Neil was saying. He was saying that yesterday. Was it yesterday? No. He considers himself a citizen of the world that we should start getting so uptight about borders and who you are, where you come from and everything. What's different? People are like, like, people sitting on land, you know, the earth's oil and say, well, that's mine. But they was a column. I believe was in the new times about the oil pipeline and the Afghanistan. Right. Now they were trying to build it before the Taliban or with the Taliban, right? The back in February of 2001. Correct. And now they're trying to build it again. You know, they're not looking for bin Laden or anything like that. They're trying to build it. We need that pipeline buddy. And it just seems to be that they came out with a study to set for 120 billion dollars. Everyone in this country could have a electric cause to get 50, not electric. Electric gas, you know, combinations that get 50 miles to go. And we would never need a drop of shouting oil or even then as well in oil. And but of course, all the common factors and everybody else is against it. And the oil companies like the president's buddies. They'll be single one of them. Have the internet. They're in bed with it. Right. And it just seems that if you really going to make an effort, it goes back to 140, three. So we'll do a little bit before my time, but my folks. And you know, if you're going to make a war effort. And you say, well, gee, you know, we could just give every single person in this country. A car that gets locked. They're all doing their part granted. It won't be an excursion. You know, it's something that can be bad. I would love for those little electric car. You know, for a personal getting back to worth seeing those little hybrids. If they looked a little better, I'm not crazy about the look of them. But you know, if everyone had it to safety factor would be played because you know, you would have to be working right. Right. And ran by a 6000 pound truck or something. To that degree. And the thing was, it was like, they're so against these kinds of changes that would make you know, You're putting in their pocket book of course they're going to resent that. You know, and, but in the long run, the pocket book would be better off because fighting a war. I mean, did you see the thing with Indian Indian, Indian Pakistan? Yeah, of course, how could I not? They're on the break. Upnuclear war. New clear. They said, first. Like 12 million dead first strike. Right. They said, with a couple of repeated strikes, there would be a hundred million people dead. But you want, I can't even stab them back. I'm just glad it's over there. Although watch out for that. Wow. The earth seems to be a smaller place than a dozen. Sure is. We all see it late. Take it easy. I'll see you in the shelter. 18 till one. 560 WQAM. If you find yourself looking in the mirror and thinking you could be doing much better if you took care of your hair loss. And get to the phone right now and call the best in the business Charles Alfieri. Charles has been helping the famous and not so famous. Look, they're best for over 25 years. But you wouldn't even know his work when you see it because Charles is created the best and most natural looking system in the business. The most critical area of any hair system is their hairline. Charles Alfieri's new skin-like hair system is 100% undetectable. They're looks like it's growing right out of your scalp. Charles Alfieri's work is guaranteed. You try his hair system for 30 days. If you don't absolutely love the way it looks and feels, return it for a full refund. Make the call today. 1-800-321-2413. And tell Charles that you heard it here on the New Year Roder show to get your special WQAM $200. Cut off their regular $800 price of that natural-airline system. The secret to a great hair system is to make sure nobody can tell you where anyone. And Charles Alfieri's new skin-like hair system is his natural-as-it-possible can get. So call today 1-800-321-2413 or log on to WWWWD. The first of Marlins and Rads tonight is coverage between 6-3 on Sports Radio 5-60 QAM. Spaddy you shit! It was my program! Friday night is in the White House doing always presidential bed. He's there in the oval office though he's not sure what an oval is. He's practicing his speech that he's been working on for weeks should be a breeze. But it's not for a man who thinks that if you're from a ran your ear reneeds. Saturday he's still no smarter things once in the center of central gold. He could say his brain is useless kind of elected Cheney's clocked up ventricles. Now he goes to give the speech with words his vocab cannot meet he looks so free. But he won't tell you how he feels instead he'll talk about some bad mistakes he'll make. He can't spell he can't act. You're right now loud. He can't speak. So what he says, so is it down. You'll never clue. You'll bring it in his head so he just babbles on. Babbles on. 12-1-5-60-W-Q-A-M. 5-6-0-5-60 is the number to call in date and Broward pound-5-60 is free on Verizon Wireless. 8-7-7-7-7-8-5-6-3-4-5 everywhere else. Want me to take a few of these obsessive calls and then I'll talk about Hillary destroying bills hopes for a TV career. Okay, it's an inquiry. Q-A-M-Hello. Q-A-M-Hello. Q-A-M-Hello. Yeah George, how you doing? Alright, how are you? Listen, I know you and Neil don't accept the emails, but if I sense some garacles to Eric, keep asking along to you too. You can send stuff to Eric and then he might, depending on how much time he's gotten, how good the article is, how's that? Although you can stack things, can't you print to facts? I don't have a fact machine, I don't know how to work the fact from the computer. Alright, we'll give it a shot. Okay, I just have a quick question. You know, you gotta have it to our Commander and Chief and his Justice Department. Today in the Sentinel, they put us big article that is the Bauders' fault and not discrimination in the last election. Explain to me, and you brought it up, so I'm not reaction election. When you had 11,000 people under SWARN AFTERDAY with complaining about everything from handicap access to the poll, to roadblocks, to the roadblocks, to the roadblocks, to the hot style of people, the poll voters in Ossual County, that's surprising it down here in a banana republic. It's explaining how to balance. Right, and explaining also how is it possible that you can just ignore 11,000 SWARN AFTERDAY with Amber Ball. Okay, they can. They can. I have to cut you off because Miguel's going to die. I have a heart attack dude. Is it that he calls every show or just ours? Every single show. Alright. Very hysterical like that. He's hysterical, he's excited. You know what? Today I'll talk to anybody. Well, almost anybody. QAM hello. Hello, yes. Okay. Okay. Turning Pakistan and India. Uh-huh. There's a device that have been raised well that would render any nuclear rights. Oh, God. Oh, boy. I would trade a million of those. You're gay. Are you suck or calls about my mom being a crack or a million of those to never have to have one of those. The art bell people. QAM hello. Hey. Hey. God man. What is it? I'm just dumbfounded by the show. Well, that's what we're here for is to dumbfounded the masses. Exactly. Dumb being an operative word. I usually don't call. I just listen to the jerk off the call and the reason we have this take call. Dude. Whatever. Um. You know the guy who called a little bit ago about. I think you mentioned about the drive time show on the show. I think the channel is one above you. It meant about a 200 people who were rushed. No. It was Todd. Is that a name? Who? Smith. The guy who called who said that somebody makes a difference about the 200 people who were to be a redevist trading on Memorial Day and whatnot. And he couldn't believe that the touch that said, oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. You know. Oh yeah. I like you. So I'm not always over crying. Poor mouth anymore obviously she's making a lot of money if she's getting two bucks to pop. Exactly. So I think I get to got me one given the times I'm around with the people that I wouldn't have a problem gotten by giving you 20 hundred people the finger. I'm not. But that's your. Free-to-bass money. Right. Right. And then again. And then again. And we can say that he's an asshole, but you know. the Vietnam War and I was a little kid but I remember sitting there like a captive audience watching the newscasts and a lot of people had a problem with those demonstrators and here we are a few years later realizing hey you know what they had a really good point that was happening on a good idea but not to say that that's the case here because I don't agree with them but for what it's worth yeah but yeah freedom of speech for everybody has that let's just all get along and we can all flip each other off but no hard feelings the way you go all right okay works for me hey you know what's on good show thank you all right i wish i could say the same about Jerry today exactly what i was talking about woman running around or bra and underwear i wouldn't want to see ever on my worst day on my best day however you want to slice it oh man cottage cheese doesn't begin to come close to describe that site eight till one on five sixty qa yeah you know maybe the thought of replacing your carpets is crossed your mind lately but you're not sure if you want to make that major investment right now but if you miss that fresh send and bright colors your carpets used to have i'm here to remind you that a good friends over dry concepts are just a phone call away from bringing your carpets right back to life dry concepts understand you probably put a good investment in those carpets when you want to last and with dry concepts today they are dry cleaning system it's the best way to protect that investment don't be fooled by those five ninety nine per room specials that keep your carpets damp for two days and then the stains come back in two weeks dry concepts certified technicians will treat your carpets with care leaving them lemony fresh and more vibrant and color too and with dry concepts in their unique system you can clean today and entertain tonight i've been using them in my home for years they're good enough for mom as well so call dry concepts today and tell them that neopoldia that they're the best because they are and braard call nine five four three seven oh seventy seven seventy eight or two or three one eight hundred two four eight five oh seven one that's one eight hundred two four eight five oh seven one dry concepts don't forget clean to rule the intercourse and cappling's g9 sweet legs and sand on sports Rio 5 60 two a m you call that a penis you're the so huge i felt my tank up how is i don't know i'd be helping finance nine eleven by given money to you and a cal or abacau and the car lio group i've turned my lights on last night how's that an awesome paying james baker's green please i made two to today i was i don't know i was providing bath water to the middle east now that means a bag i guess every time you like a marijuana cigarettes you're helping to finance run more and more rewards and breaking a law based on the old movie reaper madness that a jill jill on a is the skid you have a boom and guide i just found a reaper joy now i'm white man you know on out i just i'm just with you this message paid for by the community to keep America in the dark ages three to one five sixty q a m q a m hello i like the article could you please wait and stop thank q a m hello no never again hello yes hi hi yeah they were talking about this guy and liby and move on Muhammad al Qaddafi he wants to pay off the families of the victims uh uh we're not bad any more please uh to stop the embargo i don't trust him as far as you can throw him away