Where number 1 Dammit? He was America's golden boy. The one who couldn't be. But never was. And really didn't want to. Oliver Stel brings to the screen the tragedy that Chuck mentioned. Jay of Kajul here, starring Will Smith. Yo. Jay of Kajul. You're Jay of Kajul. You're Jay of Kajul. You're Jay of Kajul. You're Jay of Kajul. You're Jay of Kajul. You're Jay of Kajul. You're Jay of Kajul. Jay of Kajul. Jay of Kajul. Jay of Kajul. I'm so starring Yo, Peshie. He was an enigma. He was like a... I'm so sorry. Rectina in a contact. The right. And what happened to F***ing white? Hey, we're all thinking, Tee. We're your B***ing. Will Smith stars as Jay of Kajul. You'll watch it. Oh, you're into a theater near you. You're the one with the lights on. You know, so you can see that if you go check it out. I'll tell you one thing, if he walked into the door right now. And, you know, the ghost of JFK Jew and you walked into the door right now. I'm trying to shake my hand. I would do just like that guy did with Kajul on. Whatever the hell was Friday. By the way, he's still giving more than positions today of the Cardinal. But anyway, the guy refused to shake his hand. He stuck it out and he refused to shake it. That's a good message for all your kids out there. If the priest sticks it out, don't shake it. The message of our show today is, Have our birds got a huge pair of dunk. But anyway, the message, I guess he would know. He's always been sniffing around. The message of today's show is people with a big peer. Like those maple leaves, baby. I already got two hockey facts. How do you like that? We'll get to that. What is town? After being psychotic Friday with a non-call that grotesque dime call and the dirty hit from behind by Daniel Alfritz and on Dersy Tucker. Which it was hit from behind two minutes. Did they call it? No. And then the guy who did the Alfritz and who does the penalty doesn't give call. He waltzes in all alone on Coven Scores the goal. It wins a game. Nice going boys. Rob, shh. Oh, shh. Oh, shh. How am I said it? Ooh. And Stevie, walk him. They suck. But anyway, the leaves are just bruised and bloody than injured and all. Like a minor league team. Half of the team is from St. John's man. And he still kicked it out last night right there. Not a one. So last night about 10, 15 all over the city. The horns were honking and were honkies all over the place. Just to go nuts. You don't thought they already won the cup. And they ran away to no Georgia's excited about that. Let's do a hockey show. All right. Not called Riverland. Yeah, right. Call River and tell them what they stunk. 1283 votes on our survey. Well, they're not really votes. Well, it's more than that now. But see, I don't have time to deal with that when they put these last minute things on there. Which are you we asked? Because naturally, now who was it that factors that 800 page thing that you facts me on Friday? I've got some cuts. Yeah, some cuts. About all these different studies. How can you study something? What everybody's in a closet most people lie about it anyway. So just as kind of an out on this pool, I, you know, gave a couple of gag choices there, which run over very well. They like gagging it. Which are you exclusively hit a sexual. 790, which came up to 61.6%. Just horny. Just horny 282. 22%. Exclusively homosexual 85, 6.6%. Desperate 66, desperate and honest 5.1%. And by 6, will 64.6%. Now, some people would say, well, that doesn't mean anything because you put there. That's the idea. That gives everybody an out. We don't know, and we don't care. But it was kind of fun. We had a lot of people logging on it. Which was a lovely thing. So here's a couple of quick faxes here. About my maple leaves. As we continue tomorrow night, Matt, and that tomorrow is going to be real delima. You know why? Why? Oh, it's Mars. He's seven of that series. Not so tomorrow's Tuesday night. Smallville. So being the emotional coward that I am I've already if Pete Lenny is sent me another goddamn. Oh, Jesus Christ. Pete Lenny go away. Okay, Pete Lenny good don't ever give the S.L.s. People is facts number again. Okay. This man is is like a gigantic tumor on my brain. Pete Lenny to go away, Pete. Go out go to the airport with the on a war where get lost get out of my face Go have a date with more Howard's wig just get out of here Anyway, here's two facts is Neil what a game absolute heart and grit that's what we saw in the ice last night. This team is like an old truck driving down the road Miss firing and parts coming off but just keeps running. There's a game seven babies. See a two-ton on the CBC go-leas go I'm so a little bit correct. That's here man. Here he robs it's an element call in all those other Graham Yes, so tomorrow got that that of course it's very easy for me being emotionally like I started to say cripple I'm what I'll do is I'll tape the game have it on in a living room and now I go in my bedroom and close the door So I can't hear it and I'll watch smallville see what I'm saying. Yeah, that's good idea So that so that way there's no stress And then I come back out and hope for the best. No. I'm a basketball case I can't handle all the pressure another game seven two straight series with a game seven by the way The real story according to the Toronto set about why Chuck Fletcher got kind as the GM of the Panthers the real story Which haven't only down there. They don't have and even if they did guilty probably wouldn't do it because he's sucking around the organization Because he wants a jigsmick now job, but anyway the real story is quite of the son that they offered Chuck they made him an offer. He could refuse the offer Chuck Fletcher 400 grand a stay on his permanent GM and he said That's enough money and they said, oh, okay. Well have a good life and Rick Dudley who was waiting in the wings my keen-in-zool buddy They said hey come on in Rick he'll work cheap and of course based on what he accomplished is caretaker and Ottawa for two years and is like Tampa like they wanted him out in Tampa So I don't want to like predict any bad things, but the organization once again is search selling a you-short tripped how did that goes? Here's another hockey fact. How do you like that to get started to blow the whole audience off? That's okay. I don't care. Sad time of the year Oh and speaking of sports by the way. What a joke Now I already asked George before the show, but you know George sometimes he lies a lot because he's a trouble maker So I asked Miguel did it rain there yesterday? a little bit Well now what what kind of an answer is that for like five minutes a rain in my house? Oh In other words, it wasn't one of those gray nasty rainy days. It was hot. Yeah, it was very hot Very hot very sunny a beautiful day to be at the old ballpark the south-water baseball team Which they keep talking about On this radio station like the like somebody cares Every year I have to go through the same thing because it frost my ass talk about beating a dead horse Nobody cares For the Dodgers big three game series with those big pitching matchups They had 12,953 on Friday a big 19,767 on Saturday Second biggest crowd of the season and yesterday the first place south-water baseball team first place They wound up winning in a smashing victory yesterday other than three six out of seventy one now What do you think the attendance was have you looked? I looked no I'm talking to Miguel he's a big baseball his father loves the south-water base Yeah, I didn't catch the crowd no you didn't catch it. You could have caught it in a butterfly net 7,930 people with mother's day all That's right it was mother's day now Montreal of course was the lowest in the majors But they had the Canadians were playing or supposed to play against Carolina But they failed to show up after After their coats blew that game to the night, but anyway Montreal 5528 the south-water baseball team 79 30 and even the west floor to the devil raise the Tampa devil raise 10,264 So the south-water baseball team continues to have these second worst attendance all of the major leagues eight is grace a non viable franchise They're first place nobody cares bulletin nobody cares Here's another fact that says email the bad knees DB I Simmons better than most players and you are Although I must say this and all the fences TV like BM once told me good old Brian Murray If that dinner that I bought for him and Rimmer like old BM one said to me it's too bad that Steve is too small Never be a great player nice gone Airbnb You would jackasses he and asshole or what no, oh that's right is a genius. I forgot all the memories are geniuses and and vote tied to Anyway, goes on to say it's BS. They say he intentionally hurt Chris Pronger Did you notice that the with all the black people in Detroit? There wasn't one of the stands. That's correct Nine players over 35 years older still kicking ass go leave school. We got him now There you go two hockey fans you get a certain already today. Oh, it's about time it's a boot time is what I would say I think they're still honking horns out here. They're just going nuts and rightfully so big balls That's what I'm talking about today like the main police have got big balls. What was that horns honking and crap. Are you starting with your hockey crap again? Oh, and today I'm gonna give the audience the poll question even waiting for us I wasn't gonna do this, but I also said I wasn't gonna take any calls and I did do it a week ago Friday and You know, was it was what did it amount to? P hole in the snow, you know, didn't amount to too much But I'm gonna give the opportunity that they've been waiting for and not that I'm gonna necessarily pay attention to the response But I might you never know that's always keep them dangling out there keep them on the hook Keep them twisting in the wind Here's our poll question. You ready Eric? No come on put down a goddamn mood roobin sandwich A lot of people would say it's only nine o'clock in the morning who the house eaten a roobin sandwich at this time in the morning the answer is Eric What do you just like most about Neil show don't you think that's a simulating poll? Wow And wait till you're all the choices of God What do you dislike what when I forgot to put George in there That was not problems. Okay, that should be the only guess is problems are over now that he and Greg bonded last Thursday Had a wonderful day kissed and made up they they did high fives They did the fist routine. I don't want to tell you where they put each other's fist, but it was exciting. It was emotional is what I'm hearing What do you dislike most about Neil show no phone calls? too much reading don't like the tone Nothing it's fine. What does that mean the tone? Wait, would you shut up see I've got to put you on here if you don't stop I've got a whole long list here Let me go back to the start again poor Eric. He's trying to get these dirt that you're getting started It's just like JD John Davidson hey by the way JD who says that it was illegal hit by Alfred's in Friday And you're full of crap JD you were good guy and I like you, but you talk way too much in your full of crap other than that Gonna make you go on it make you a low-pud else tracking what an asshole anyway What do you dislike most about Neil show no phone calls too much reading don't like the tone tone and capital letters by the way Nothing it's fine nothing I like it better than ever too many a priest stories too many comedy bits or not enough comedy bits There's two four six eight great choices there What do I do good pull or what I've done even on the worst days on a show and there have been a few but I do a pull like nobody has ever done a pull Like I keep what running around downtown Sam boy. Why do good pull and they all run a scatter Nice one mark all by the way Big in a downtown Toronto Saturday all the queens had a big best of thing out there in a corner of church and Wellzley right in the heart of Toronto's gay district which covers about three million people but nevertheless For Mark Hall a kid that I've been telling all those stories about look at to that there's another kid with big balls a big pair blue hair and a big pair Kind of like South Florida It's back maybe Mark's getting ready for South Florida if you have blue hair when you that age you can be ready for cemetery There's no time you can move into Boko with some folks we know 12 minutes after nine at five sixty WQM on a great Monday It's drizzle it's kind of cloudy and murky here and you know what no complaints How do you like to have a big one a big impressive worthwhile paycheck? Well, everybody in their right mind wants him earn some serious cash if you do then call fast rank as they can help you achieve that new career In just four short months. That's right You can double the size of that paycheck of yours by becoming a computer professional and you can do all of these things before the summer's over Fast train offers Microsoft certified instructors no payments for a four year job placement assistance They're leaving classes before convenient locations they'd brood and include even new Kendall campus. There's no excuse So call fast reign at 866 fast train now or check out fast train on the web at fast train dot com They can have you certified and ready like I said only moments ago for a great new career a money making career and as little as four months So call them today because nobody in their right mind should have to settle for a small puny and bear-ressing one a small paycheck Call fast train toll free right now. I'd think it about it. I'll be happy to answer all your questions with absolutely no obligation call 1 866 fast train And don't forget all fast train locations our license by the state commission On switch Good I You There won't be no dance Will it take the chance I wouldn't try it. I think I'll pass don't dance My like Oh Back I'm 18 at 5.60 WKOM. By the way, you're welcome. I'm a good friend. At the mommy here all the ones who pretend they hate me like poison but listen religiously every day like they're listening right now. You're welcome for that story about alcohol's Dean. Saturdays here all the last Saturday, which was a day after was like an all the New York papers of course. All the way for example, let me give you know the Schwarzier songwriter what that was his name Otis Blackwell like well yes. Yeah, his obituary is in was in the hero this weekend. Now we talked about it last the middle last week didn't we? Yes we did. Well I mean you people at the hero I think basically the cut cost over there what they pretty much done is they just they cancel the news wires and what they do is they just go online and steal stuff out off of the newspapers and they don't have much of a staff left so it takes them a few days to get to it anyway although they do have the big story about the Kevin Baxter there's the one guy at the hero even though I'm never speaking to him again Kevin Baxter's got this story about magic is up the changing their playlist finally after all these years it's about time Bob Hamilton they've named a city on terio after that guy such a schmuck Bob Hamilton what up puts and also a speaking to kid curry don't let me forget about that about Mike Disney picking on a kid okay the story that I told you to be put a show I got so much crap man yeah what kind of a guy who's like 60 years old calls himself kid that's my opinion I'm Mike Disney yeah well bug off they're just ripping him an ass over there on p-wag and my party radio and between derudence Afri duo they're ripping him an ass a big fat old pimple ass and I thought I'm as sweet had to be gas poor kid scurvy man that guy's got serious problems now over there at power they're taking away all the audience they're ripping it with an ass and they're also running promos speaking to people stealing stuff from me running promos about the fact that kid curry was offered all the music that the the p-y-m is playing now with their big numbers and he turned it down in last year and a half and you know what that allegation is absolutely correct that's right that is correct one good enough for power and now they're playing a music kick in his ass with it so anyway getting back to a story on Saturdays here old porn mogul falls ill in court this is shameful and you know the only reason they even bothered check in the daily news was because of the fact I talked about it here on a year we talked about it at length remember both a story from the daily news in the post on repentance muts on the zatson for media algal stein was rushed to a hospital which has pains after a judge sent some of the 60 days in jail for harassing a former secretary with x-rated phone calls and letters the new organic news reports is there and it goes out of report the rest of the story for a bit from the daily news boy are you people kidn anybody or what now you're not well I guess a few dumb people the keep wasting their money on your paper I do it only because I have to do this show although now that I get it online I might have to cancel when I get back d on warwick is I'm sure you already know and of course if she's a psychic how come this clear gets it all at how water and d on warwick never got thrown in the slamer whatever else huh how come nobody said fake or fake or liar liar could he's a psychic she should have known that they were going to find them joints the unwarmer co-rested for marriage we need possession in Miami singer and psychic friend the unwarmer co-hosted earlier yesterday morning when she tried to get through security at m i a with eleven marriage we need cigarettes stuffed inside a silver lipstick container date county poli said 11 joints in a lipstick I guess I guess that's conceivable huh must be a pretty big lipstick container or maybe they were like very small joints maybe like a pinjuite like clearance Thomas likes to smoke warwick 61 who has homes in Brazil and New Jersey was headed to LA on american airlines flight nano six but mister play police said again imagine why bagged screeners had concourse d of the airport called polis when they saw his suspicious item inside her carry on bag polis said she was charged with possession of marijuana totally less than five grams and released after she signed an affid david promising to appear in court police said her sister d d warwick who answered the phones that the family's new jersey home yesterday afternoon since she was shocked by the news i'm sure d on doesn't use drugs she does not use drugs i don't understand how this occurred i think someone put that honor it wasn't true she said yeah they plan it them don't you think that's a viable story they plan to join center lipstick case makes sense to me maybe somebody packs her bags for her i think she's been packing it warwick is one five gram is the first in nineteen sixty eight for do you know the way to say no zay where they have really good weed she holds doctor in a master degrees from heart heart college music and heart for big deal she's also well known for being singer witton he's didn't cousin did you know that yes i did i never i never knew that well you see the connection now the drug connection between witton he used it and he unwarrick you see that like uh... birds of a feather smoke together in fact he probably got to stuff from George if he asked me was on a sunday was on a weekend he into a much no appearances this weekend she got the way from George anyway witton and pitch woman for now defunct psychic friends network did they ever uh... they don't recall them ever given her any grief because of the fact that she's a fake she's not any psychic i don't know if she claimed to be or any other schmocks that she had on their windows had a damn broad she had on a they were about a second because my little dog in fact i guarantee and you know this for a fact i'm a hell of a lot more second than any of them oh yeah you should start your own line i was happening with your mic there that just cut out i don't know are you having problems with which again oh and by the way i just mentioned a case there's any program directed a building but i doubted or case any engineers are in the building but i doubted that i'm still waiting on this new fax machine up here it's only three months later i just mentioned that in passing because since i'm spending my own money for supplies which i have no problem with doing but i hate to go out and buy like a bunch of toner and my stuff for this machine if it's going to be gone but i guess i'm stuck with it what a what a place in 1985 she had a brief comeback with that's what friends are for some without and john's dv one or glad is night which raised millions of dollars for age research warwick has considered the first black female pop and soul singer to achieve international start him in other words he was before your rethra oh yeah all those uh burnt back arachtunes that was before your rethra are you sure i'm gonna have to look at it on the book it up but i think so yeah it was also the first black female performed and appear before the queen of England and a real command performance how do you like that she likes them queens oh god reaching over for this big heavy book you have no idea now whom i looking for you rethra franklin and the accurses is international so no matter what i find in here it's gonna be crimp or rethra franklin's first big hit was um never loved the man the way i love you 67 although she had rockabuy or baby with the dixie melody uh that she stole from alzozan and 61 and you think the unwarmer goes back that far yes you do i do i think you're full of it myself of course i thought that before you said that let's see don't make me over 63 say yeah you're right yeah you're right you rethra was still like fairly obscure until about 67 like i just said she was the first the on first international whatever bush gardens lion mains worker do you see this grotesque story yes the tapotribian reports of this way much better than the story that was in the local papers a 350 pound african lion ripped off the armor of a bush garden zookeeper yes today while she was giving her family a private tour oh yeah that makes it i mean i'm not gonna say makes it worse but you know what yeah same good and choked up about makes it worse yeah does but the family right there disgusting the amusement park wouldn't release the name of the 21 year old zookeeper was giving her parents her boyfriend oh and her and his parents a mother's day tour uh the lions night quarters near the edge of africa attraction the 145 p.m. accident didn't take place in front of guests official still investigating say the zookeeper might have placed her hand between the metal bars of the cage possibly the feed the animal her right arm was severed near the elbow the woman was taken to him tampon general hospital in serious condition her severed arm was also taken the hospital bush garden said the lion a 12 year old named max would not be uthinized max has been a bush since 1997 bush owns one other line a female so we're gonna save max at least which is good news that good news okay sure care kitty kitty come on he wasn't his fault not in that disgusting yeah that takes your family her boyfriend his family her uh future in laws hey look what i can do yeah and she said for Christ sex i only have one arm see that's bad George 927 at 560 wqm the weather start to get so hot you could fry eggs on the sidewalk on your kneecaps summer storms and a possibility of hurricane soon follows this kind of whether you know get yourself prepared for a major storm and discover what thousands of people have done to predict their homes call all weather systems all weather systems has been in business for over 15 years there were state license female project impact contractor all weather systems carries the new state of the art shuttlerless impact resistant windows and french doors no one slightly or ugly shutters to ruin the look of your home and the convenience is not having to put up heavy plywood or storm panels all weather systems offers you a hundred percent on secured bank financing with no payments for ninety days and payments as low as just 69 bucks a month their impact resistant windows and french doors have insulated glass which saves you on energy reduces outside noises and the non-breakable glass helps keep out criminals and burglars too all weather systems also manufacturers are full line of accordion south shutters electric rollups and hurricane panels as well so give all of the systems a call two day and save yourself the headache of putting up shutters protect your family from storms and crime and keep your house looking really beautiful energy efficient at the same time call all weather systems tool free it's 1-800-72851-26 that's 1-800-72851-26 they provide home protection to the highest quality with service reliability and professionalism comparable to none column today and be sure to tell that Neil toward your call all weather systems 1-800-7бу E Provide my money for our defense Abouge pro choice and welfare and All right show the blessings of liberty To ourselves and all those who are free to our team And tomorrow is Shadows left wing liberals Humb up in the United States of America Let me do yes big a nudity just got divorced from a second wife That's going to do it. Oh, he's doing it. Remember the first wife of course It was dying from cancer in the hospital. He went. They took the divorce papers there for a design I remember yeah, a lovely guy J prom battle ends with a wall see I talked about big balls here's a kid 17 year old kid who's not only out of the closet and got the balls for that But I guess it's not that unusual especially hearing candidate Which is much more like light years more progressive than the USA which still is still living in a stone age with people like John asked Crafted, etc. But nevertheless it still takes big balls to like take on a Catholic church As if they don't have enough problems of their own They danced the night away Mark called a shy blue quoth 17 year old acher was student who wouldn't take no for an answer When told he couldn't take his boyfriend it was high school prom one a major court victory for Catholics students on Friday In a comprehensive and clear decision granting Hall's request for an injunction Mr. Justice Robert McKinan of the Superior Court of Justice said a ban on same sex dates at the prom was a clear violation of Hall's Constitutional rights in order to the Droom Catholic District School Board to allow Hall and John Paul do Mont 21 to attend the dance Which they did by the way and had a wonderful time a lovely time School board chair Mary Ann Martin said while the board was extremely disappointed with the ruling Hall and his date would be allowed with him the prom if they wish and like I said they did and had a lovely time While Hall's legal team said the ruling was said a president for game lesbian rights in the education system Martin disagreed saying the ruling applied only to the prom Can't have no fags in the church It's okay to have a bunch of child molesting priests. That's okay, but we certainly and part of the whole argument here This is the best I don't know if it's in this story or not what I'm gonna go through, but nevertheless What are the representatives for the a cat-lick school board said That going to the prom was like an active romance and therefore an active romance was like close to an active sex You're following all of these things yeah and of course if the head of her sexual was a go into the prom I guess that's an active romance which also could be an active sex and since they weren't intended to make no babies that would also be a mortal sin would it not I would think at last time I checked with the father The board would continue to apply the teachings of the Roman Catholic Church the school sponsored activities She said both a board and a hall's lawyer said they're ready to continue with the full trial down the issue Take it all away the Supreme Court a candidate if necessary Let's go in airmark like I said a big pair But for Holon is date last night was the time to celebrate as they wrote in a long black stretch of the mode of the prom this was Saturday Hall and a white tuxedo and blue tie like I said it was Friday said he was very happy and so excited that we won When he first heard the news from his lawyer at home in Oshoi he said I was jumping up and down and everybody was shouting I feel at ease now knowing that we're free of discrimination So the great 12 student mon senior John Parayma Catholic High School and it goes on and on a great life But the good news is we won't We all people not just gave people not just Mark Hall and his boyfriend John Paul whatever's name is but Everybody All progressive open minded people who want to take on the bigots and the hypocrites like the Catholic Church for example How is the pool coming by the way? Here's your big chance today. Here's your golden opportunity Don't you may never get this again although probably will but not for a long time Did I say I wasn't gonna do this I said that but I lied just like I said I wasn't gonna take phone calls I did that one day and more I think about it the less I feel that was a good idea I'm over that very first call that day Do you recall the guy who was saying that because I'm not there? I'm not in touch with because everybody was so upset about the murder the angel girl and so on. I remember it See if if I was there Just like during alien I wouldn't have seen anything any different than my being here I'm very familiar with the story I read the story we talked about it on the year and my feelings would have been a different people are getting murdered and Vortured all the time and the pick and choose like one from Colombe in Colombe that the community is all been out of shape about that's unacceptable to me It's it's ridiculous on the face of it Is if somehow one life is worth more than somebody else's life and I'm not talking about scumbags and murderers who get killed or game You know mobsters that's not what I'm referring to But nevertheless so my might come it would have been a different word. I know my where I'm sitting See that's what I'm talking about big balls, baby a big pair Just tell a like it is and let the chips fall where they may run on Moza bald spot How's he doing by the way? Don't hear a mention anybody's name not even not just my name anybody's name. Oh boy Anyway, here's the pool here's the pool so far. I'm just asking out loud. Don't say anything 59 votes on they're already What do you dislike most about meals show see and that I could ask what do you like the most? You know and have you sucky sucky sucky sucky, which isn't the purpose of the pool? Let's be honest. Let's lay it right out there on a goddamn table. Okay. I can handle it and Old fact like me would have big pair of balls. I can handle the truth. I'm like a goddamn Tom Cruise And you know something Tom Cruise can't handle it through that's interesting that it's interesting that Jack Nichols and told him that line in that movie. You know what when you stop and think about it? I thought about it Yeah, he can't handle the truth. At least his career can handle it truth because it's not good for business How about that spider man by the way? It will get to that Now, do you really expect me to read this through about the Rick Sanchez? I guess they want me to oh, it's just because it was from Tom Jekka Oh, it's roi- I didn't see that yet I hadn't the look that far from Tom Jekka man is he an asshole or what? Sanchez hits stride at MSNBC All little time a man. Oh man and And we have nothing against Rick Sanchez. We you know poke a lot of fun at him. Of course a lot of people in Sanford I hate him like poison and they still they still hold that dead guy against him. You know what? What's wrong with them? He still dead. Here's a couple of more facts is excellent one that says I'm glad you bring out these from the same I'm not really sure no Here's one that says glad you brought up the comments the J. D made regarding the efforts it had on Tucker I'm sure J. D's panties would have been an a not if his girlfriend the o' floor your paval been hit in the same manner You're absolutely correct sir. I talked to J. D on a phone yesterday. Thanks to Rimmer on and on and on and on remember phone rang 17 times during a conversation by the way and J. D and I were both a guest I mean J. D's a good guy, but it's just a toss way too much and he's full of crap And I told him that I said Sam Rosen is going to jump out of the booth one of these nights if he don't shut up It says it's clear to everyone in the league that there exists two sets of rules Those for supermurs stars knows for the muckers and there's no question mucker rhymes with Darcy Tucker and other things Darcy's a hard nose guy and yeah, he did the peckahit and the one on the gone charna couple others this season But the fact is rules are rules and in the late stages of a vital playoff game Just to look the other way because you see it's number 16 later with a broken bone in his shoulder and I'm able to get back in a play and let play go right on Underceptible a hit from behind and I don't care how much J. D gives me a song to dance It was a hit from behind which the league is trying desperately to crack down on we got screwed But you know something unlike all the people say we're a bunch of winters We just continue going out there and grind it away right Gary Roberts Let's go Gary we just turned 150 years old. They still kicking ass Here's one it says your pull for today has a major flaw Oh, let me save this for after the break you read it I guess Sure, it's great. How come you're taking so much crap? Oh, by the way when I'm on vacation next week Joe and George are gonna be doing the show together To take take the pressure off, you know don't you think that's a great idea? It's a wonderful idea You don't like it. I think you and I like our putting together we were great together and then if it turns out great You can split the credit and if it turns out crappy then you can blame Joe But then it gets to get to an order that way right now It'll be great 20 till 10 at five. It will be great gonna be in the 70s in Amsterdam. Oh, man I can't begin to tell you how excited I am about that gonna be sunny in 70 degrees Can't wait Hey, are you ready to get in shape for the summer which is already here quite frankly like the beast the beast is lost host of 30 pounds already Which in most cases would be a lot but in his case it's a good start, but it's still a lot in about seven weeks Whatever it's been and you can do the same with the great new convenient affordable weight loss Eat healthy gourmet meal delivery service. What a mouthful that is balance for life. That's what it's called if you're too busy Need to write foods if you fail that all the other cracked diets if you've tried atkins and Scapkins and still men and this one and that one and Jenny Craig and your failing while the answer is balance for life because it really works Because you don't have to make any choices other than the they like to choose between two alternatives reach me Every day that you're on a program you have a little sheet you fill out and pick whatever you want But other than that those are the only choices you make you don't have to go to the supermarket and buy and count calories or carbs We're any of the things that's complicated because even as complicated as own base nutrition is the good Deal is that the people at balance for life do all the a figuring for you so they deliver right to your door every morning by six an a a M a little black sack and man life is sweet when you got your little black sack That's what Stevie Wonder said that's his favorite is his little black sack And we said Steady how do you know it's black? You say well, that's what they tell me anyway They deliver right here door three hormonally balance gourmet meals totalish his next even a 60-ounce bottled water right to your doorstep and everything is right in there Plenty to keep you full all day long and the wait just melts off your body So if you're tired of being a big fat slob if you can't put a bathing suit on and you're terrified to go to the beach Get with the real controlled and proven weight loss eat healthy lifestyle get in shape for some are starting right now by calling balance for life In no time at all you look at guarantee even better than the beast. It's guaranteed call nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine or check out their website at WWW Why am I saying that again like I said check out their website Well The wear of exploding balls My But There's so no one Something that's a bit further south And it's not my base We're both your eyes going looking Right under my clothes Is my biggest asset I'm underneath my clothes There's a great bit booty Alright bigger than jails Right now My huge puttons deep And that is why nobody cares But I think so Pring and fun Underneath my clothes There's a great bit booty What I try to pay for Is anything but time We don't want to know the sense But I think so pricking and fun And I think so pricking Funnily Gotta love it 946 at 560 WCM I've got 101 votes on a pool What do you dislike most about Neil's show? Nothing it's fine 25 Don't like the tone Gotta hand it to the crank people out there They always pick a good one You know what they're picking it right now Just a little bit of fun too Yeah Oh wait a minute Just change Nothing it's fine 27 Don't like the tone 24 Well they gotta have something There hang their hat on Hang your hat on this Nothing I like it better than ever 19 No phone calls 18 That's like 16.6% Guess what We'll see how this works out Too many pre-story 7 Too much reading 7 Not enough comedy bits 5 Too many comedy bits only 1 Too many comedy bits Hey listen I put a monitor You vote for whatever you really think And then it cranks too Okay with a tone You know what we gotta do every morning When we start to show What do they call those little harmonicas It's not a real harmonica You know what I'm talking about? Kizu No no What do you like when somebody sings Like we're gonna get the pitch right You know the tone Oh like a vocoder like a sampler They don't call it a sampler Oh oh to get the key That little just one note harmonica I don't know what's called Well somebody will fax us in okay 650198 It's 305 65019 It faxes Because we're not taking all calls okay We're not taking any calls today Maybe you know when you're least expectable Take some here and there But anyway getting back to this Facts which I'm sure you enjoyed tremendously I'm still laughing Your the faxes today are great Oh We finally turned to corner which is a miracle Because I was telling the guilty for the show And this is the truth After Easter and Passover When you heard me say this for years But it bears hand again since it is the 13th of May Every year It's not food unfortunately It's still a bush league seasonal town I mean whoever heard of a city would like Or at least a try count of area with four five million people Whatever it is By the way did you know Toronto was the number four market No one North America right after Chicago No idea Five million people But anyway After a Easter and Passover half a saffora Bales not half But what percentage would you say like 30% 40% at least a good 30% A solid at least A lot of people just bail out of there And I was putting out to George that on the domain report on our website The number of hits on a website every day from Canada is staggering Which means it's not because I'm doing a show here in Toronto Because we ain't nobody listening in the radio in Toronto Or anywhere else in Canada But they're listening on a website which means there are people who are like snowbirds Or down there doing a wintertime I love the show in here Listen to me So a special all over them Billy's going And out of a sucks Oh sorry for all our friends And out of a watch I'm sure we don't have any To them Okay They're talking about winers This is a franchise that had to go to the government for money Because they can't the Toronto fans to fill the place Most of the time except the front running foes That they get during a playoffs like in Carolina Oh my god Nothing could be fine Then get rid of Carolina And Canadians after blowing that game The other night pulled up like an accordion there yesterday Just might as well not have even shown up Poor Josie theater And he still looks good Anyway Here's this facts How come I'm so damn wound up today You know I don't know I don't know what it is I don't know what that level is Your pool has a major flaw to this Is this facts Georgia's favorite facts of all time It's as I love your show with calls Without calls more bits less bits more reading less reading I couldn't give a crap It's all good I listen every day and been for many years Until I love this facts Until Mumble boy How could you not include them on your pool When that pothead mumbling Ass eating jouetting Arab loving Spek is trying to imitate you and failing miserably I simply turned it on another station You have to include that butt monster But let me just say this You don't forget it's going to be Joe and George when I'm on vacation next week So don't be hurt and Joe And me also because this next thing It says you probably won't see this facts Because you won't forward it So if you're reading this George FU Hey FU George Okay I got it A lot of people went to school at FU It's up there in Canesville Also now is this rack is that a name rack? That's what's on there Rack in Miami This is I was happy to see a diary My mail box last week It's been seven years since they last sent me one It'll be interesting filling in the book when the spick is on Thanks for letting me vent Hey don't be hurt and me because the spick is on Okay that's what we put Joe on here is a buffer Because we know a lot of people don't like the spick So don't be hurt and Joe and Neil Just because you see what I'm saying You just keep listening and do it in stereo And just turn down the whichever speaker George is coming out If you can't stand him just turn him down Or off and listen to Joe See the way that works out Or you're getting really sensitive I think pretty soon you and more are going to start bonding Because you're both incredibly sensitive I thought the spick. What are you talking about sensitive? Let me ask you do you think he's ever going to loosen up or is he just going to He's going to have a bug up his ass for the rest of his life That's right you can't comment Just when you made peace with Greg and everybody And I'm trying to get you in trouble again Especially when on the hills of that hostile facts Or he hates you like poison Like I said rack or rick or whatever your name is I love you and all other stuff But don't you know don't punish us We got enough to hand the cap to over come as it is Without you like picking on poor George in the a diaries Okay, so listen religiously which is what I always suggest being a religious guy that I am Here's a facts from Johnny How you doing Johnny? It says I was listening to my drug just Sunday night show yesterday on 610 W. Y. O. D. Well if you listen to that I don't have to ask how you're doing Johnny He was talking about Bill or Riley and what a hypocrite he is And he's right about that Anyway a caller called up and brought up your name he said something like Or Riley wouldn't stand a chance if he wouldn't stand against you Drudge laughed and said something like I don't know what Neil would do Will Bill or Riley probably have him for breakfast lunch and dinner In other words kick his ass is what he's trying to say in Johnny says I'm not sure if that was a homosexual reference or a fat reference What do you think Neil? Either of the above okay because a mat for a just a fat whatever he is Queen My good buddy Matt Roger I'm sure's listening right now and I score on Matt And you're absolutely correct Oh, that's right. We'll have a chance to kick his ass because he's not noon to two or noon to whatever he's on on the light bulb I think he's going to give us any competition Now he might take like a half a point from from fat as limbo and all this crap about all There's all these liberals in the media. Can you tell me seriously? Can you tell me any like prominent liberal talk show host that you know? Oh prominent yeah I was going to say Randy but then you said prominent right Anyway, look at look at all the right wing fascist you got all in north You got Gordon Litty you got limbo now you got Bill or Riley adding to the mix in there Who's the other one from the one I mean there's a zin in these guys each are Alan keys. There's another one All right wing Bible thumping phony balloony hippocridicola full of crap egotistical asshole lunatics Okay, all in bed with the religious right. Oh, but the liberal media right there ain't no liberal media I love this facts about the inebriated gentleman doing that one spot, but I guess if we want to keep that on the area Is that is that a trade out that spot or they pay for that? I think they pay for that. They pay for what some not gonna mention the sponsor But it says something about the inebriated gentleman doing a spot I guess everybody you're also no exactly what that is making a nebriated what a segue Sanchez hits stride at MSNBC rights Tom jica and today's son settled time. Are you a clown or what what a joke? I guess you time don't like the tone of the show either you know it and he doesn't like the fact that I'm reading these newspaper magazine articles Except he liked this one again because it's his article see it's okay a permission from a little time Me to read on the ear as long as he wrote it anything else. It's pond rizgits boring. I should be carping about south Florida carp carp on this go go out in the Bayon TV can catch one time He writes Rick Sanchez isn't anticipating a rookie the year award for his first season in big leagues of TV news But the Bradstreet moranker of channel seven says he's no mighty casey either wiffing in his big opportunity It was the year ago that Sanchez and ardent baseball fan announced he was leaving south Florida take a job at MSNBC to see if he could at Major League pitching his first couple of swings on national stage Where a humbling experience. I struck out an awful lot he acknowledges his detractors who'd relishing him fall on his face should shouldn't be leaping to their feet with glee however Sanchez says I'm hitting it pretty good lately said he's hitting it just like that guy hitting front of the stadium But that's bad That's terrible. Did I really say that you did? I better interrupt myself and do the break because that's bad But I do want to read all of Tom jikas column because it's very important about one of our very very favorite people Tiki Sanchez and the guy hitting front of the stadium there under very dubious circumstances the bad news is he still dead. How do you like that? Uh, as a matter of fact, I must confess to you over the weekend. I don't remember what day it was. I did see on MSNBC there was fat face puggie Ricky Tiki Sanchez and guess what I did changed it changed their real fast excellent choice Change their channel real quick while you know I have my own prejudiced and prep pedad juices He was our next door neighbor for a long time. The most interesting thing about Rick Sanchez to maybe side the fact that guy hit his skill dead Is the fact that when you meet him in person he's about three feet tall Did you ever meet him when it came over to the station? He was sitting down that one time. Oh That he will be stands up he comes up to your kneecap He comes up to Maddie Bell's ankle. That's how sure Ricky Tiki is so they must sit him on a whole bunch of phone boots like my good friend Bob Mayer channel four 9th old ain't Bob Mayers a good guy 9.56 at 5.60 WQM. Here's another good guy Tom Layman who loves me loves the audience of this show Everybody listen to this show's got a special place in Tom Layman's heart. That's why he's created the big Neil deal at Hallith Save big dollars and all Pontiacs and GMC's in stock just mentioned you heard this commotion on the Mirage show stop by Hallith Pontiac GMC 13401 South Tixi Highway That's on US one right across from the falls where every vehicle is marked with the lowest price But if you mention my name then you're Rogers deal. You'll save even more check out the complete line of GMC SUVs including the envoy loaded by Motor Tran is the SUV of the ear Plus why you would Hallith be sure and take a peek at the all new vibe SUV. It's got the power of a big expensive sports car to fact in the price Hallith's also got a big selection of pre-owned cars truck's SUVs you can depend on and if you've been turned on for credit any place Tells have no fear Tom Layman will take care of you the cut you deal of Hallith So get yourself a Neil Rogers deal at Hallith Pontiac GMC and you'll find him again at 1.3401 South Tixi Highway on US one across from the falls the same great location They've been doing people right for over 35 years open every day seven days week you can call him a 305 238 4040 don't forget in Hallith Pontiac GMC we You You've seen him on Channel 7 news first as a two-bit reporter now as a two-bit anchor that wears more makeup than Tammy Faye Baker and Mary K. Combine Rick Sanchez sings Here are the dosed tones of the man who brought you crunchack Rick Sanchez Let's go Rick Sanchez Rick Sanchez sings Rick Sanchez Don't miss Rick Sanchez in his pasty face tour over Hylia It's one show you all want to miss stay for a good one I Don't Rick Sanchez he loves his audience I accept you as a precious gift from God Hey Joyce this time, Chica Would you just pass along to Neil and me up with the reason I call was though it may be because I'm here I've been trying to get those guy damn ratings I'll pay the king as I'm in any way I'm only kidding but that is the problem I do want to do a story I'm just having trouble getting it so I'll talk to you But it's where I'm not here Tom God And you know I didn't even notice my name is in this article about percentages did you notice that? No, I did not Oh, I get a mention in here. I'm really excited to know that I'm a little bit scared of you I'm just going to say that I'm not going to be a little bit scared of you I'm just going to say that I'm not going to be a little bit scared of you I'm just going to say that I'm not going to be a little bit scared of you I don't care whether it's good or bad. Just keep putting the name in there I need all the help I can get Tom, especially when you work for Greg Reid who lies a lot Oh, yeah, we're doing buildings. We're doing it. I lied. I lied What's no Greg, he lied Anyway, going on about Rick Sanchez who says he's hitting it pretty good lately And don't count him out, he hits his stride Little Tommy jicker rights. He's been tapped on several occasions applications to even a higher level, filling in for NBC News breaks, he did them during last summer's Wimbledon tennis championships, and he also was on call on President Bush Chokedon Faded. I got a lot of airtime then, Sanchez says, I got to debrief NBC correspondent David Gregory at the White House. Woo! His familiarity with this region also led date line NBC to send him to interview one of the survivors of the anthrax maillings in Palm Beach. Several factors are responsible for the turnaround, not the least of which is overcoming rookie jitters. Anxious to make a good impression it was initially over preparing for interviews. I would write down 52 questions to ask and I was so intent on asking him, I missed opportunities for obvious follow-ups. One thing I've developed is a real respect for Bill O'Reilly, people like Bill O'Reilly and Larry King. Uh-huh, uh-huh. Whoever knack for always asking the question of your wood. Just watching how the masters do it has helped him, Sanchez says. He's obviously elevated his game, he's an nominee for an Alma A. Award, a precious national prize for his Spanix and media. How many has spanced you know in the media, George, besides Anna's squeak down here? 100 and you're forgetting Isabelle de Cassada. And he's in some pretty fast company. It says, other nominees in Skategory are solo that or Brian. Oh, she a lightweight or what? A Meredith Vira and Harald de Rivera. September 11th also he's in his transformation of feeling like a real part of his new team. He was in makeup preparing for his normal shift when the first plane hit. His instinct immediately took hold. I ran to the control room and said, send me there. I just got out of the car when I saw the first building crumbling down. He didn't leave Manhattan for five days. The first day I was on here for 20 hours. It was a lot like Hurricane Andrew. You'd get a short cat nap here and then go back to work. He was really shocked when Sally Fitz showed up, turned around and said to him, perhaps the biggest boost Sanchez came from a most unlikely source. Cremudently Don Imos has become fun of him and has made an extended member of his program which is simultaneous on MSNBC. Cremudently Don Imos, which is a very general way Tommy is saying a dead man in a cheer. When you imagine a radio talk show host who actually likes me, Sanchez says a rye reference to the beating he took actually continues to take from Neil Rogers. Let's hear it for Tom Jicka. Oh, not only has my name in her but spelled it right. Now what does that mean? A beating he took for me. What is that? You beat him? I never beat up on Rick Sanchez. I just had some fun with him. See and of course it was just business, not personal. I don't dislike him personal, I just business. Whereas opposed to some other people where it's business and personal not the machine names. Sanchez whose regular MSNBC shift is 9 a.m. to do and connected with Imos while doing news cutins during the simultaneous. It was typical I'm a set first Sanchez says he'd ask, who's this big fat jerk doing the news? I figured the best thing to do is play along so I asked his producer to put me on with him. I just had fun doing exaggerated Spanish accent, things like that. He must have liked him because now he uses me a lot. In fact, we have a clip from our Sanchez's favorite TV show. All right. Sanchez figures his future also brightened when NBC bought the telemoto network. I'm one of the few people who, when big stories break, could move comfortably between English and Spanish networks. I think that makes me really valuable to them. Says Ricky Tickie Sanchez. The same trait they'll also have in well position for a major role in what could be the first colossal news story of the 21st century, the inevitable turmoil when Fidel Castro passes from the scene when Fidel passes. Yes, I salivate about that Sanchez says it's the huge story I've been preparing for all my life, who else has the sense of perspective and background. I will bring to that story. Wow, there's no ego there at all. Is there at all? No. However humbling in is early days, the big leagues might have been he obviously has gotten over it says Tom Jickie. Little shot there at the end. In other words, he's not so humble anymore. I was going to tell him that was pretty a sweet hug. That's a good good. Such job. What's all this stuff that you just fact me here? Man, oh man. Pretty good note. Oh, it's called a pitch pipe. Yes. It's a pitch pipe. It also makes it good one hitter in a pinch. Oh, come on, give one to a D on Warwick at the airport. Now, why are you fact seeing me is there's something of interest to me on this? About this page five of seven. It's all a bunch of different things, but they're all in, they're all too. Oh, I see. Good midnight Spanish broadcasting system flipped rocker KJXO San Francisco to KPTI the Bayer is pure dance channel. 92 seven party in English language, all dance, joculous music outlet. Oh, what seems to be going big, man. Party radio where the rip and kid Korean ass talking about what's in old man like that who's 70 years old. What does he know about the music young people want to hear that we're playing now? And how come he turned down a chance to play all this music like he year and a half two years ago when John and the abroad at the to him. Yeah, next thing they'll be using my name on here. Go right ahead, Disney. I don't care. Piscuit Korean Gregop, but who that'll give us a crap, okay? Because it happens to be the truth. We brought them all of that great music that year old stuff, okay? I'll let the trans stuff all at the, you know what I'm talking about? I do. All those four records are playing Sanford duo and derude over and over again. Brought them tons of good stuff. Did he play most of it? No. Anyway, KPTI will be programmed by the team of SPS Executive Vice President programming Bill Tanner National PD of PO Fero and VP of programming Jesus Salas who runs programs for the, oh no, who programs the companies three Miami FM stations? I don't understand. You don't. Three stations are those. I don't get any of this. According to Tanner, the gay area, the area is natural for this format. It will be the music-sensitive format with no discdocgies while pure dance music is the star. Those looking to become Mixers are part of KPTI's three teams who get their packages to Bill Tanner. Oh, don't let Bill Tanner touch your package. Oh, no, not a good idea. Don't send your package over to Billy Tanner. He might squeeze it. I think this is that FM station they were talking about for you. Oh, really? That's what the answer was. No. See, so they put on a station where they just play music and not ping any money. So must be a real loser. And of course, they'll probably get big numbers now. So it's a good thing I didn't. It made no sense. It just got a slap me on a station in San Francisco at a morning show. And I'm talking about Rick Sanchez and softflow to this and all this other crap. They don't have any idea what I'm talking about. Boy, that's got to be one of the dumbest ideas. And of course, the look where it came from. Anyway, accused, how's that pull coming by the way? This is a very important pull today. I said I wasn't going to do this pull because we don't want to give people a little opportunity to take a cheap shot. But why don't I'll not? Who cares? I can handle it. I'm not thin skin like some assholes I know. 3595 votes on a pull. What do you just like most about Neil show? Come on, we can hear it. 195, nothing. It's fine. 48. Don't like the tone. 43. That's the crank vote of the day. 43 and doing very well, by the way. Nothing. I like it better than ever. Maybe we have that bitch pipe. Nothing. I like it better than ever. 34. No phone calls. 30. That's 15%. That's not all that much. You know, 15%. No. Too much reading. 15. Too many priest stories. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. And that's on Friday today. January 12. 11. 14. 34. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 20. 15. 15. 10. 15. 15. 15. 15. 15. 13. 15. 15. 15. 15. 14. I mean that doesn't it doesn't fit but nevertheless we put a lot of things on the don't fit right like that lock Hey if we put him on there he went what I wouldn't have on this one We're not putting Matt lock on today just put go leafs go on a bottom there just so that the all the leaf fans out there can register in they can check in Before tomorrow night's game. Oh, it's here it for a bunch of dottering old guys beaten up and brood bloodied and bruised but when a chips are down Man they come through like a freaking miracle. Here's Kujo with his broken hand who still a shadow of what he was Here's Gary Roberts who's all banged up No Darcy Tucker no Matt Sundine no Demi Piuskiewicz no Yushki course a lot of the people there most people would know Yushki from Yushki No, then I say Darcy Tucker know what's his name Carol P-Lash You're all these guys don't you George. Oh, every one of them good friends in other words were playing with like half of a minor league team And are the same John's maple leaves and we still kick their ass the choking gagging auto-wascentators Who make me sick to my stomach? Sephirmer already have that who looks damn good to me anyway a huge priest please in a parish gas The men women and children are oh wait to do the name of this church the men women and children of Saint Tarsis Roman Catholic Church got their fish award at the end of Saturday Mass the allegations are credible So the Reverend Daniel McCarthy passed through the Northwest side church one of their own priest had fled the country after being accused of sexually abusing a teen girl The congregation gasped the ladies bombshell in that nation. My pre-sexy abuse scandal was exploding right in front of them Right now. I'm sure your heads are spinning McCarthy said just like Linda Blair my heads been that way for a week Earlier in the day the arts dices of Chicago announced that the Reverend Sleva Policetti 43 had been moved from his position as an associate pastor week after allegations surfaced Church officials believe Policetti fled to India where he was originally ordained. How do you like that? We're fleeing over here Our minds are filled with concerns for our young people and for our parish McCarthy said in his stunning letter to parishners St. Tarsis a warm wonderful parish We cannot forget that right you just keep going don't eight men you just keep giving money all those goddamn child molesters have a good time doing it With a clear conscience and keep rubbing your rosary beads and the touching around with all the chaaches is now what you like to do in your spare time It's posky with some chaaches. It's my favorite thing to do. Yeah. Let's go posky with a chaachy man. Sounds like a lot of fun to me And didn't the didn't Jesus say something about the idols and all the other graven images didn't the Lord the warn against that I think that was Moses that said that well what all that he knows is an old Jew He didn't know no Jesus just like what's his name Frankie if potentially he didn't know no godfather Moses didn't know no Jesus He didn't know no Yoshki he knew Yoshki though He knew to meet for your sketch and he said man how to hell or we wouldn't without him Would have blood clot But seems sneaking all the hockey stuff here just to make room or JD happy about your JDs listen to they see if I car me Probabilist now and that hey JD shut up already will you bug me 12 minutes after 10 at 560 WKM. I tell you one thing. I like the tone of this show today I don't care what anybody says I like the tone I like it a lot George's a lucky cuz there's too much hockey talking too much George bashing oh He can handle it he can handle it after the last month of baby crap at QM He can handle almost anything he's been conditioned to handle it Here's a simple question for if somebody offered to give you several thousand dollars of the next few years would you accept it? Better than right you would What I just say you in other words yes to be a little fool is not to which makes it really foolish to pass up the opportunity to refinance her by a home I just 3.95% here's the deal There's a phanny may program available 3.95% for both refinancing and purchasing of homes Think about it just 3.95% and all you have to do is call financial group to get the info how this works call 1-800-940-5363 That's 1-800-940-5363 to be more specific you can get a hundred grand What payments have only 475 bucks a month or 200 grand with payments of only 950 bucks a month You'll save yourself thousands and thousands of dollars so be downright stupid to pass up a chance like that Do the math and do the next logical thing get the details by calling financial group 1-800-940-5363 equal housing lender credit restrictions do apply and rates of substitute change if you wait to What is a buffalo bill what kind of a father was Robert Blake not your average mother? What is that me I was frightened and Constantly in a fetal position was really horrible was she ever violent with you? Yes absolutely to lean the do you think there is any way that your father might have committed this crime or ordered this crime to be committed? Yes, has your father said to you I'm guilty? Yeah, did he? And daddy's guilty is that correct? Absolutely I have a sign piece of paper from him that says he did it and my father is severely guilty Nice bob-law it's a 10-18 at five 60 WC markets are going up I think today is today in Fila can't you it's like a turning point in human history can't you smell it? Or maybe fat boys running around farting in a hallway? Here's one of our chronic factions big army who says we had a speaker at our coke club that's Coca-Cola I wonder if that's like lemon coke or I'm sorry vanilla coke That's not out yet is it they had that test in Connecticut. What is that? Miguel sorry it is and yes and I haven't tried it we haven't tried it. Oh Sounds crappy to me sounds yucky anyway big army says the speaker was an ex-associated press correspondent He was talking about vice and the media and he's saying was saying how bad the liberal vice is then he said That to listen to non-biose news cast we had listen to Rush Limbo I almost barfed up my coaxes big army and we paid this guy a hundred bucks to talk right if you want to hear something right down in middle of the road Listen to a large ass Right he'll tell you about how the Carter the Clinton's and Carter's murdered 50 people and yada yada yada Oh speaking of the Carter's we got we got Jimmy's in Cuba and Fidel says hey you got free access go to the scientific labs go here Go there go smoke a few big fat ones and do whatever you want Right Hey listen, wouldn't be something if Jimmy pulled off some stuff there that the Pope couldn't do remember the Pope He was up there with the del and they both were really crappy dresses That's about all you can say about that accomplished absolutely nothing zero not a not a thing A lot of people be saying or Jimmy Carter see he was a Democrat so because he's there concerning with the del commonest our year team Miguel stick in that right now common Easter common Easter No, I think I don't think he's gonna do anything either yeah, you're thinking at you're thinking comedy Pinko just like Jane found another comedy pinko Democrat liberal Cetrobin so on he down there's sucking fiddels beard playing kissy kissy kissy squeeze niz cheeks, you know That's what you're thinking Okay, he's gonna liberate Cuba man Jimmy Carter. He's the man don't you remember what a great job He did with those hostages in Iran. Oh, I'm sorry But we tried tape shows Egan encouraged oh, and I got to get to that bubble story okay, then is even a story about the Hillary about how they were Thinkin' to run her for VP in the next election. Oh, no Hey listen if you're gonna lose lose with your worst you know like Jan arena when Florida and the I think a great ticket will be juu Lieberman and Hillary. Oh God get about four votes tape shows Egan encouraged to abuse it to stay in priesthood. Here's a shocking shameful story from newsday in New York and Long Island Cardinal Edward Egan once encouraged to priesthood. Medit sexually abusing a teenager to continue to serve in the priesthood a newspaper reported on Saturday The revelations came in videotape testimony produced five years ago for a civil trial involving a lawsuit against the Roman Catholic Dicees of Bridgeport Connecticut A copy of the videotape was obtained by the Washington Post which reported Saturday that Egan said at the time He would not similarly suspend a priest even in the face of shocking allegations of sexual abuse He said that he would not similarly suspend a priest even in the face of shocking allegations of sexual abuse He said diocesan priest were self-employed and not the bishops responsibility I would have to know the complete circumstance to say Egan was not had of course of the arts dicey of New York and under Egan was not a child of the same age as the Responsibility I would have to know the complete circumstances at Egan who's not had of course of the arts dicey of New York and under enormous heat A lawyer then presented a hypothetical case with a fact pattern identical to the Martin L. case What if this priest was a teacher to the lawyer asked and sexually assaulted a student and bit the students penis That would be sufficient cost for a suspension I'm sure in many bishops minds you can in many bishops mind you can respond it Then the lawyer asked would be sufficient cause in your mind I would have to know all the details he can reply the suggestion is so strange. I'd want to know more about it He want to see pictures. I'm sure He'd want to see pictures of the penis biting incident In fact, maybe you want to go and see an instant replay see it like you're revisited it all over again The 1997 lawsuit was filed on behalf of Frank Martin L. E. Claim that the Reverend Lawrence Brett sexually assaulted him three times over two year period ending in 1963 including biting him during oral sex I lost it was eventually settled a amount of the settlement without his post. I hate that Me too hate fighters Course in your case. No, it's good way to get rid of that force gun Egan who was appointed bishop of the bridge port diacese in 1988 met with bread in 1990 when the priest expressed concern that past allegations might interfere with his work Are you following that they might interfere with his work according to the post egan read from a memoranda He wrote soon after that meeting that Brett made a good impression on me spoke with grace He also testified at the time he was who the house grace He also testified at the time he was inclined to write bread a letter encouraging to go on with his work Egan eventually suspended bread amid mounting allegations of sexual abuse bread was barred from the active priesthood Instriptive is authority to administer sacraments or pursue his ministry Or rub the rosary beads even Although Egan has never directly acknowledged mistakes and handling allegations of abuse against priest He recently addressed the issue in a pastoral letter if in hindsight We also discovered that mistakes have been made as regards proper movable priest in assistant to victims I am deeply sorry he wrote. How do you like that? That's good. Yeah Saturday the Connecticut post a bridge for report that court record show the Reverend Martin Federici was picked up by police in 1968 for allegedly molesting a boy in his car Police didn't arrest the priest but report the incident to the diacese How do you like them apples huh? Kevin Baxter about the only one at the herald who's got any clue what's going on in the world except they have to listen to this show and get all the information from me Like that old goldstein story and they have to look up the daily news and then reprinted verbatim I mean I understand when you're you know printing things off wire services verbatim But the New York Daily News we usually see stories in the daily news in a hero. I don't think so still on from this show Yeah, which you notice a little Tommy Jicken spite of the fact I've been about using him a lot lately and well deserved I should point out mentions me in a Rick Sanchez thing and what have I said about Rick Sanchez that isn't true? I should like to ask I'm thinking yeah, let's put on our thinking caps What have I said about Ricky Tiki Sanchez that isn't true? He's two feet tall. He killed that guy from the stadium. He went home to get a drink or maybe already had a drink Whatever it was he told the copy be right back Which we never heard of before in our lives He was up and tried to interfere with the alien with at the business that that trip over to see a sister gene the dancing machine All of these things like I said it's not personal personally. He's okay. He said we had some fun with him He didn't take it personal. He wasn't one of these uptight assholes who takes everything personally and had been skin Only assholes are like that but Ricky Sanchez Always had a good sense of humor about it. Remember he called us on a year a couple of times absolutely came by yeah Right, so he wasn't personal. I was business business and then of course on the on the killing the guy at the stadium thing That was that wasn't personal with me or with George or anybody else because he didn't affect us It was just reporting the news. That's all reporting the events as they happen The guy still dead. That's all and then of course the audience jumps on a bag. Hey, how's that guy Rick Sanchez it? There's another example of great calls we get which by the way when we take calls again keeping coming but nevertheless How's that guy Rick Sanchez is he still dead? Yeah, yeah, yeah. He's still dead. Yeah, oh, I think I got to be a big joke Was much of a joke to that guy because he was in a coma for a long time and then he died remember that? I remember Yeah, but you do relentless bastard that you are I see I'm getting choked up about it Let's see 2564. It's already on a survey man What do you dislike most about Neil show nothing? It's fine 72 don't like the tone 47 nothing I like it better than ever 46 No phone calls 37 too much reading 18 too many priest stories 17 not enough comedy bits 12 Go leaves go five all right. Let's hear oh and too many comedy bits three Let's hear us for dial-matrous man these people are sensational This is one company you'll love to in business with because they take all the work out of buying you a great name brand new mattress and unbeatable price All you have to do is just make exert enough effort to reach over grass to your phone Grass beer instrument pick it up and make one easy call to 1 800 mappers 1 800 mA TTR ES you'll be instantly connected to an expert bed and consultant who's only job to get you the best brand name A person a world at an unbeatable price. They do it every time I've been using them for years dial-matrous carries all the top brands in a world. They've got surdah and silly Simmons and King Quill No off brands no seconds no substitution no bait and swish and what you call dial-matrous and do business with these folks You picked today in the to our window for your delivery any day seven days away Like you want to be between noon and two when you're gonna be home or one on three and two and four It's set of and so on that's when they'll be there some companies make your way to round all day for delivery And then don't even show up also when you do business with dial-matrous you can honest a goodness 30 day in home comfort guarantees So you can test your mattress the only intelligent way by sleeping on it and the doing your thing on it So if you want to get yourself a great mattress and a great night sleep for a long time to come get rid of the bumpy while lumpy worn out Metrus and called dial-matrous toll-free 1-800 mattress 1-800-MATT RES be sure and tell them that Neil pointed to call or check them out and they wicked worldwide It's how it how it David Funcins are helping hand-share e-move the cows and I wasn't today Thank God I'm a country gay boy Well, I love it in the summer when it's time to do the hey we hire all these guys as when I start to play shirt self sunshine sweatin the way again Thank God I'm a country gay boy All right, well I got a mission Ben and keep me kind of busy I work in Joe Hart and time to get dizzy fire nights out I think it's time to party Thank God I'm a country gay boy Will have been six years since the last got caught until the fire monetary defeat was over No, I can't find a man while I'm trying little bill Thank God I'm a country gay boy Well, I hired this guy about two weeks ago He told me he was straight but I better never know High heels fake moves I had a little makeup Thank God I'm a country gay boy Oh, yeah, I got me a great time I like this in the way The rabble little ass and make a donkey little Life's been great since I moved to the country Thank God I'm a country gay boy All right you guys like the sun so far but you think Yes, and I love my chickens and I love my piggies I try to find out if they have little ninkeys vegetarian but I love doing me Thank God I'm a country gay boy We're the hamburger on a job and a queen for a pause You love yourself on Ben. I call you Haas just remember all the boys use it back door Oops Come on that's next roll Yeah, I got me a mind my my galaxy and fiddle play What you if you squeal just a little can get fun live this is ever so No Whoa, thank God I'm a country gay boy What would you do without me I'm a sandwich of the audience who meet piggies What did you think You 33 at 560 WCM got the mad dog Jim managed to one the hump roll be along hanklberg a tree her a cool hotline at 7 Does that really say Joseph Gaki from 880 well, that's enough and then you got your pregame show with 830 the South Florida baseball team at Colorado was the embark on a long road trip 905 the big oh at what's that all about? Oh, I any came must be on vacation this week, huh? I guess Cuz after baseball we got the big oh Well, and it was a year then the dirty boys doing Marko overnight two to six Edmonton a Canadian man's attempt to make off without paying a prostitut for a services failed miserably on a Friday When he left behind some crucial evidence his employers truck an inside of it much of his finger police said There's a lot of lessons here and they're all really apparent Edmonton police spokesman West Bill more said Residents of an Edmonton neighborhood alerted police just after daybreak with reports of a man and a woman fighting in yelling in and around the pickup truck saying the man was bleeding from his hand Witnesses reported the young blonde woman eventually jumped out of the truck pulled up her pants and man to a nearby home police said When officers arrived on the scene they found the pickup with blood stains on the door clumps of blonde here in a cabin three quarter inch two centimeter piece of a finger Police also found the woman after he ordered her search as she explained that she was working as a prostitute and at the fight broke out when the man refused to pay her for services rendered Officers believe she bit the man's finger off It didn't take police along to locate the man described as heavy sentence mid-fifthes. It was a company truck with a big name and the phone number on the side So that helped our investigators are pretty smart Bill more said our investigators got in touch with them at the hospital And he's heading what's left of his finger put back together again. Bill more said the man was not arrested But may face his salt charges later on Now why would he face his salt? Maybe he attacked her I see well there you go and Edmonton while something is going on there anyway Probably not too much Here's something exciting. I started this thing with Kevin back to her long time ago. I went to the refrigerator. I got me some provolony cheese Hmm It's nice this this is the best this is the best provolony ever and it's out of a it's like a package thing, you know Like we're nearly said they got package deals Provolony cheese from Maj. Everything on a label has to be an English and in French all the frogs I don't I don't see any frogs here. I'm sure that there's some around don't see no frogs. Thank god Overly moldy oldies are chucked magic about time oh God now this isn't gonna make that one old fart happy the one I wrote the letter the guy It's 100 years old wrote that letter. We read from the hero on Friday But how he wants Doris day music and Perry comoll and all of that crap He wants the big bands back Benny Goodman how many stations went out of business? Trying to play that crap about 500 something like that Yeah, let's hear Perry comoll again. Come on find a wheel the wheels. Finn the wheel. You can talk it up here Prop them up boys the property set right up there at a pillow Kevin kill that kill him Kevin Pax dude writes in the hero just the thought of an old East station updating its music seems so contradictory The words don't seem to go together sort of like military intelligence or starring Freddie Prince Jr Well, what does that mean he's taking a shot at Freddie Prince Jr No, I understand but why Because he's just a pretty face He's not so bad. He's not the worst actor ever seen he's no mad Dylan And I'll tell you one thing he's a lot better looking in Mad Dylan and a better actor Which ain't saying a lot but that happens to be true how come you didn't put mad Dylan? I guess Kevin back you know this thing with Kevin backstores got a wife there's some real story There's somewhere you know it because then you always tell me he was a real swish He found it that way he founded that when the thumb but then you found that way in the air when you're doing the show How come you don't sound that way any or what I'm doing the show? I have no idea what that happens see I think you know what I think What do you think I don't know? I was gonna say the microphone but you're in the same studio as when you would be doing the show Of course when Joe isn't there with you doing a show one day you'll be in one room in the next day You can like go back and forth and see which one you son more macho one. I'll all know I'm thinking it'll help It says but jarring as it may be Bob Hamilton program director for software all these outlet magic one O2.7 insist that even oldies have to change with the time I mean we like that, but how many times getting here that right? Yeah, yeah, right so once it'll audio like maybe here if they're gonna play beat boy songs Maybe we hear something a little bit different once they're while on magic like Like that our As our age demographic gets older tastes change He says as we get older the amount of songs from the earlier parts of the rock and roll era will fade slowly because they're not as memorable Uh-huh There's no question and see I don't I don't think he understands it I'll go on and read this whole thing by Kevin Baxter because it'll kill some good time and people are interested in what's going on in the radio biz But I don't think he gets it which is why he can't our good close friend Kenneth or whatever his name was the do-op shop guy What was that guy's name? Ken? Hell? I don't know come on. He's our close personal friend and I always had a bias way on here on waxy 90 oh one eight point two on the am dial whatever it is whatever jica said what he call it seven ten It's seven 90 time and you still haven't changed it on your website you put wacker you silly person you you bolted a geek There's no question magic has long been any to the shake-ups has Kevin Baxter which is precisely why Hamilton a radio fixer Who turned around stations in L.A. and San Francisco was brought in three years ago Sure taken as time as any Magic has consistently have were just outside the top ten in the San Florida arbitron rankings and for a time was even losing the ratings battle with rhythmic Oldestation W.M. G.E. Smegmo 103.5 which used to be she used to be a great station once upon a time But of more concern was the fact that magic's audience like that of oldestations across the country was aging while advertisers were focusing on young consumers We want here stuff like this Well, maybe not Isn't young people like the beach boys? No no no Well, how can you not talking and not play the beach boys? I look if you want to change Bob I think the answer is the rude and savoury do okay Let's quit beating around a bush nobody wants here the beach boys anymore Nobody wants here fat's domino anymore unfortunately Certainly nobody wants here deon warburg unless she shares her stash with him so so what are we talking about? That's true in fact if you see deon in the airport you know what the best suggestion is what walk on by Didn't see that coming at all oh Blindsided on that anyway. We'll get back to this in a second because it'll kill some good time Then we got this grotesque priest out from joliet illinois from the Chicago sometime and we got the Baba love child Which is a very long story, but I think everybody wants you here about that In fact, I might have to even interrupt my Kevin back to reading for Bubba's love child at least for little tease Because everybody wants here about Bubba's love child and of course if it's in the national enquire Or there's a very good chance in fact overwhelming chance it's got to be true as opposed to the other tabloids which has to have like they're usually fun in you What's what's that one that has all those end of the world ones one that's the the world weekly news is that it that's one or this I guess no That's the one I was thinking this year, but no the week that one's a trip the one it's always Is it got like a black and white cover right space aliens? Yeah, why wait? Why waste a color ink? You know when a world's gonna come to an end a few days anyway 296 votes on a poll pretty heavy duty What do you just like most about meals show nothing? It's fine 80 nothing are like it better than ever 58 don't like the tone 48 No phone calls 44 too much reading 22 too many priest stories 20 Not enough comedy bits 13 goal leaves go sick and too many comedy with five How could anybody say but again? I put it on there, but we got five people say too many comedy bits You know we're probably voted for that jica and that book a burn-hater guy and Probably him too yeah probably voted five times four times for him and once for jica Hey at least we keep your busy time we keep your occupied 19 to 11 and 5 60 WQA. I'm summertime is here man just walk outside you'll pass out But all you might as a product that'll make you feel your best and keep you in good health even in selfie soft Florida All you might as a soft yell capsule it you just pop in your post that contains farm and suit of a great olive oil Along with vitamins and minerals and robbles to promote healthier prostate for your heart for your blood pressure and for your cholesterol as well All you might's got supplements to promote helping your circle of tourists to mute digest of your end of Consistent your skin and bones even your mind All using the benefits of pharmaceutical great olive oil and don't forget all you might's got products for men and for your ladies out there as well Olio meant available all of her towns to pick some up and give it a try real soon You'll find it at Walgreens whole food markets the world pharmacy and sedanos It's a stupidious new product that a lot of people are really excited about so if you like to get more info about olio-mets Products just call them toll free and acts away call one eight six six olio-med one eight six six Olio-med or you can also order their products right off their website Always America loves to watch bobs and butts and biking coming up tonight on inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story We take a good hard Stop Xx with a song so catchy it virtually guaranteed their failure. They were the neck We caught up with neckly vocalist Dub figure who's life now consists of explaining who he was to board strangers at parties So I understand your a musician. Yeah. I was in a fan called the neck. Oh I am I'm not heard of you Well, I'm sure you've heard the song before But I'm a The actual band completely uninteresting inside the behind began the elusive search for the subject of the song Who was sure Oh hey, you break it you bought it the object of the next lust Shurona is now 43 and the assistant manager at the Discovery Channel store in the Liberty Dream all in Danbers, Massachusetts Freaking neck that Apple dug had his way with me and do I see a penny and royalties? I only hope that Hig has been in the rest of his life Explain who he was to board people parties now bet would be sweet revenge There you go, Shurona. It's the least we could do It's a big juicy Southern wet look of chill business tonight on inside the behind Okay 1046 it's 560 by the way Don't be facts me anymore those are chronic facts is from Jerry or Edgar or Steve or whatever I got what is funny right now. He says the same thing what are you important? I thought it might have been him but what endowed Guiranteed Anyway, here's a fact this is the poll should have had not enough free stories You're the only man with a ball's to tell like it is and expose these preverts of the huge scan that they're pulling out and Their followers, it's said when so I'm alone in some case. I'm sure they're not the huge Anyway, keep it up. I always do bless us all Mazeltofsis this Over here. Okay. Thank you, sir God bless you That's right big balls. That's what we're talking about today like the maple leaves. Oh like that Mark Hall kid at the Fatha Catholic Church and took his date to the prom his boyfriend to the prom where they liked it or not It's said I'm so on big balls. That's what it's all about big gohones man Can we hear some of the new music from magic? Yeah, I just play that because we got that one guy through there loves it Look at this story. I'm never gonna I'm never gonna get to that bubble of travel Let me just to tease it here and they actually have pictures here go on by the enquire for sure Mysterious ex-hubby tells all villain dolly Kyle Browning shown here in an eight and nineteen eighty five photo had a long time Steamy affair sexer says her ex-hubby below right Clinton and dolly when it was he was Arkansas State Attorney General And there they are as a matter of fact. She's got a big smile on her post and he's got a bigish midi written on his post And later on in the story on the second page here's a peculiarity S the kid the illegitimate son supposedly And then there's another big picture more recent. It says is this man's Man Clinton son strapping Anthony Pierce as he looks today. He's about a strapping as debased He's a big fat-faced Puggie guy strapping Man whoever wrote that ought to get a strapping. I'll tell you that well we'll get back to that momentarily eventually when I'm good and ready Okay, but here's something much more pressing that somebody just facts to us which you to that way Thank you profusely for Probably associated press Toledo admitted drug dealers of tool federal agents that former football star O. J. Simpson when I'm cocaine bitches and late night drug buys in Florida The Blade News paper reported yesterday. Let's hear it for good old j-man What a shock what a surprise. I sure hope the people in the building who are like O. J. Lickers don't get upset about this Oh, man Andrew Anderson and dealer in international narcotics ring who's awaiting sentencing on drug charges told investigators He stated Simpson suburban Miami home. That's in candle by the way and supplied Simpson and his girlfriends with ecstasy according to confidential FBI documents obtained by the newspaper for a copyrighted story Other admitted dealers tied to Anderson's ecstasy ring toll investigators. They snorted cocaine with Simpson as far back as 1999 and sold it to him as recently as seven months ago to blade says Seven months ago In from to the Toledo story Simpson told the AP it's all on true. I don't do drugs I don't sell drugs I don't buy drugs Sounds like George it should be obvious to everyone. It's totally untrue or I would have been arrested right Federal agents rated Simpson's house December 4th as part of an investigation into wood drug ring They'd important hundreds of thousands of ecstasy pills from Holland from the needle ons Well, we also got another bad stir from needle ends, but we'll save that for later. I want to get hands to upset another bad story The ring also was tied to money laundering and satellite TV equipment theft Simpson was not charged in the raid a federal jury acquitted to leader developer Mark Noakowski and Marks of charges stemming from the raid and if the IA Intestified during Noakowski's trial that Anderson's a bladder see two Simpson since it's a turny yelg Glinder deny the agent's allegation Anderson encode offended John Thorbirm pleaded guilty and February to charges in the case in faces up to 20 years in prison The blade reported that an examined more than 200 pages of documents including transcript of FBR wire taps and witness statements from late 99 November 2001 about a dozen of those records related to Simpson including reports by detectives who watched the former NFL running back and actors ranch style home one of the wire taps led to know what khaskies are rest because in acquaintance in Miami used to call used his call rather to make a drug deal Let me try to get used to call cell phone. That's what if you could see the quality of this facts I do this cell phone to make a drug deal according to the federal documents which the leader developer obtained for his defense and gave the newspaper One of the drugs admitted dealers the drug rings admitted dealers and all the galves told FBI agents had Simpson and a former girlfriend knocked on the door and all hours to buy cocaine the blade says galves said the two colors so often for drugs that he charged changed your cell phone number That's as much as I'm reading because the copies real bad I'm gonna have to shake my thing over there and I'm gonna turn next break. Don't let me forget to shake my booty my Todor cartridge toner thing. It's only been in there for like four or five days. How can I be? They can't be running out can it maybe you got a bum one. Oh Man that could be my luck Anyway for the god. That's as we don't do enough priest stories here's another one and we have several more a Roman Catholic priest and Bay City has Resigned after acknowledging a complaint of sexual misconduct against him. Where the hell's Bay City is that in Michigan Bay City? Don't know Hmm, I think so the Reverend Reverend Reverend Reverend Oh the Reverend Leonard will cost he 65 or serve for three years at Holy Trinity Catholic Church We want to let it to pressures explaining his Wednesday resignation An allegation of sexual misconduct has been made against me it concerns an insum which occurred much earlier in my ministry He wrote I regret the hurt I've caused others in the past and I regret They hurt that I'm causing now this was part of my past and move beyond this years ago Including will cost greatly 16 Catholic priest and Michigan like I just said have been removed to spend her left their duties in January the first I'm at sexual misconduct allegations. There you go. Another one in Michigan Now, can I please get back to a my good close friend Kevin Baxter because this is important stuff out there for people Want to hear some good music That's your selling it At first Hamilton this is about the pd magic Bob Hamilton for those who weren't listening earlier See when you get involved in a whole bunch of different stories at the same time. It's confusing too bad pay close attention Keep up with the bus At first Hamilton busy to himself improve in the stations of brand of visibility But in December he turned to the music in an effort to renew the audience certainly the most challenging part of the job after a How do you create a seven and run who listens when a music hasn't changed in 40 freaking years as Kevin Baxter? 40 freaking log pond recirs when are still playing the same old tired crash Oh Those wrong with that No, they're not playing that early. Are they playing that? I wouldn't know well, let's let's get the playlist okay from Bob Hamilton And we can dissect it right here on a year Send it over to somebody who knows what it's all about One of magic's DJs hinted at the problem last year when he confessed that I don't listen to the station when I'm not there I've heard all those songs a million times. Oh, I couldn't say it better myself We've heard all those songs until we're way to puke from them I'll tell you what thing if they played Gladys night in the Pipsight listen to it I even find a way to listen to it up here Please make breakfast Red thing Oh She she greater what on Gladys love her she's a Pip Anyway, although magic is almost constantly testing its playlist with listeners Hamilton's December research session was unusually intensive 500 people were gathered here eight to ten second hooks of hundreds of songs from the 50s of the 70s that has to choose their favorites And just a little clips little hooks from the songs like Like that Oh, you know who that was oh, God it sure enough the favorites were solid 60s Hamilton said we found that the 50s music was important But not as important as it used to be the key was we found that 1964 was our pivot point year What show was the British invasion the Motown song was the real efforts in so where magic one to what I'm saying the Motown song man It's where it is Smuck Not you about Hamilton smuck Always be where a guy's who are like that age with a real high-speaky voice always be where as a result Hamilton added about 55 songs Oh 55 songs are you ready for that can you have that holy crap all a man? He added about 55 songs accounting for nearly 10% of the estate's active playlist now. What does that tell you? Are you? What that means that that means that they're playing 500 songs? You see what a scandal that is rain article by Kevin Baxter who also has a copy a a comment here about Ken held in the new app shop 500 songs Well if 55 songs is nearly 10% of the stations active playlists Means they're playing 500 songs more music than that in my car. I got more music than that here And I have hardly no library here that I just went on but a couple weeks ago when I first got here Jesus K Christ and Joseph From the 64 to 70 or interrupt an equal number of pre 64 and post 70 records among the songs that failed to make the cut or rods to its Maggie May Which we don't ever need to hear again rock and roll music by Chuck Berry. Are you crazy? And it all means to love them by the teddy bears. We don't need hear that the replacements include tell me why from the Beatles tell me why from the Beatles People got to be free by the rascals. There you go winner and down on a corner by CCR I'm gonna I'm gonna chew I'll pick up my provolone right now. I'm telling you that as I speak though More CCR just what America doesn't need just what South Florida's need and doesn't want Bob Hamilton you are a schmuck. You know what you're a moron Perfect for the South Florida radio market How about he's older than kid Korea to this guy's probably 75 A lot of old people working down there now. You know 1057 at 560 WQM Pompano Park is got a great live harness racing 3 nights a week now Wednesday Friday and Saturday post time at 730 PM There is always free general parking free cloud house and grandstand admission every afternoon evening every Wednesday at a Pompino Park is dollar night You can get you a draft beer hot dog soda large press or popcorn only a bucket piece every Wednesday Friday and Saturday Pompano. They offer a special all you can eat buffet in the fourth floor players lounge Soup salad tons of veggies may not reach to choose from and great desserts all for one low price Plus and Fridays and Saturdays. There's a carving station with turkey ham primer pork or flank steak and Pompano Park also offers full card sound locesting every day of your life starting at noon until the wee hours in the morning with Highlight harness and turbo action from the top tracks in the country So if you want to plunge your brains out. This is a great place to do a yellow Pompano park It's a fun friendly atmosphere just put a few thousand dollars in a brown paper sack And head over right now as a matter of fact you can be there in time for all the first races at noon Pompano Park on powerline road of black south of Atlantic Boulevard Don't forget live racing three nights a week Wednesday Friday Saturday post time 730 at Pompino Park. All right now. I almost did I already have a homosexual relationship with Neil so I might as well have one with you too To play What a way you five didn't ever move like that Be yours for directly. I lindo my breakfast was I would you you ever touch your saucy I don't have enough here. Use mine. Chill out baby! I said enough, not a machete. I always keep on having it in case I encounter those Colombians who were killed by why. I'm like you'd be looking forward to. That's right. I know we'll show up on the golf course one day. He could've died. Did you hear about the Beatrice on the world? Yo, even heaven himself, all by himself. He should've gave me a call. I'd do the job right. Lacks Lassen Devil Hand. Oh, yeah, you devil view. By the way, I'd like to take this opportunity to thank the Wadden Aztee and Roy. To give it us this opportunity of being heaven-owned. Yo, no, we can squat like the Wadden Aztee. What'd you be talking about? He was outside the stadium the other day. I saw what squatting in the park at night. When you got to go, you got to go. Yeah, she went all right. In every way. That's right. She was squatting in different twisted impissor and leaving super near us. Now understand. And all this time, I thought I'd be kicking an alligator. Damn it, who's there? Who'd have be? Who'd have be a winner? That's a pro-brand director. What do you want? What do you want? You know you may act. Beat it, you jerk. Get out of the house. You're white. Who's there? I don't know. Two. No, no. Two. No, it's love and no. Two. No, no. Two. Whatever you say, man. Party radio says, kick, curry. Just turn 85. Oh, that's the room where I'm hearing. Here's the facts from Mike who says I found Nestle's turtle in public. And downtown Coral Gables, but he still has fish food better. Keep up the good work. That's okay, Mike. Just don't get carried away. Okay. There's one guy who's not going to get hooked on Nestle's turtle. Let's go news for you though. She is available there. You'll just have to scour the community to find it. Now this goes on forever. One other thing because did you realize that Dennis Collins Dennis Collins? Huh? I didn't realize Jefferson pilot on magic now because all these stations keep shifting around from one to another. One of the things we found about radio is people want from radio. He says Dennis Collins. He was the manager of course when we did the news news door of WNWS right there at the end. Oh, humorless puts. That stood out there in a parking lot. Give me a dirty look. Is the limo went by? That was Dennis Collins. The one that wouldn't take the delivery of the tombstone. Right. People want from radio. He says Dennis Collins. He nearest president and GM for Jefferson pilot three south photo stations including magic. You don't want surprises what we wanted to do is make sure that when listeners tune in a magic, they knew what they were going to get 365 days here. That's right. Dennis, the same old crap. The same 500 records over and over again. Yeah, we only wish we could hear this on magic. Okay. Just wants it up a little longer. We're not going to start playing again, alright? We're not going to start playing again, alright? That was a nice one. How do you like that? I missed the last one. I got to know when there for that one. I mean, I have to do that again. I was going so well. I guess the last one. Anyway. Well, that's awesome. Okay. Magic's putting on a ten new songs. Okay. That's a big story. Kevin Baxter writes a bunch of crap about that. Is if there is nothing important to write about. I was going Kevin. Although at least you got the frequency right when he was talking about their sister station. Waxy 790. Hey, Tom Jika. What's the frequency? Tommy. Everybody thought that was Dan rather than that line. It wasn't Dan rather than it was Tom Jika. What's the frequency? Tom and he still can get it right. Clinton's love child. Baby, here it is. Bill Clinton is in broad on a secret love child scandal. And now the ex-husband of his former mistress is telling all, this is quite a very reliable national enquire who do not lie. In an exclusive interview with the enquire, Paul Pearson, who was married to Dolly Cow Browning for ten years, while she carried on a toward sexual affair with Clinton, has broken his silence with revelation so shocking. They could destroy the former president's fragile marriage once and for all. Are you shocked? Not at all. They're shocking. A devastated person reveals that Dolly was avoiding sex with them and having frequent steamy sex sessions with the thin governor of Arkansas at the time or son Anthony was conceived. Our sex life at all, but withered away, recalled Pearson a 55 year old former lawyer from Dallas, who was Dolly's husband from 1975-85. But Dolly was always very, very sexually active. She was obviously getting sex somewhere and it wasn't at home. She'd go to Little Rock to see Bill for several days at a time. Maybe she liked a good cigar. By the time our son Anthony was born August 20, 1981, everyone was telling me she was cheating including Dolly's own daughter. Almost everyone I knew was trying to convince me that she and Bill were having an affair. Once it finally sunk in, the Dolly was cheating with Bill only months before Anthony was born. Of course I questioned whether he was actually my son who wouldn't. During the Paula Jones case in 1998, Dolly Cal Browning, a friend of Clinton since childhood, publicly admitted she had carried on a 17-year-long affair as sexual affair with a former president. But questions whether she had given birth to Clinton's love child if not surfaced until now and the news is bound to envelop the Clinton's troubled marriage and yet another scandal. This could destroy the marriage set a source close to the Clinton's. It's one thing for Bill to fool around with Miss Guided, in turn, like Monica Lewinsky, but it's quite another for Hillary to have to deal with a possibility of a love child by a 54-year-old woman who Bill is romance in his high school days. If it's good enough for Jesse Jackson, now come and tell him not for Bubba, huh? Well, not the bad news is Jesse was tricked into a hospital in Chicago with like, whatever, and I got that later on here. I might have to shmit, can't. But the bad news is these out. He's okay. Dammit. And the inquire has learned exclusively that Pearson has never had a DNA test to find out of Dali's son and his or the ex-presidents. I think they should do that on Murray. I think they should do that on passions. And then of course, what's your name? Can always fake the results of the test because Eves is going to threaten her with whatever. Pearson decided to come forward with his sensational disclosures after years of humiliation at the hands of his wife's famous lover who the betrayed husband claims did little to hide his hot and heavy affair with Dali. The lawyer insists that Clinton's brazen adultery destroyed his life. He told inquire that over the years the anguish caused by his wife's affair with Clinton Robbym is marriage his family is self-esteem, his partitude and his piratry, and devastated his professional life. In a steady downward spiral he went from prosperity to near poverty. Today he's alone, rarely works, and lives off his meager savings in a Dallas motel. How do you like that? I'm convinced if Bill had stopped seeing Dali we could have made our marriage work, but she was so distracted by him that we never had a chance at Pearson. I've never been able to recover from the heartache I suffered from Dali's affair with Bill Clinton. There have been times when I've just been solo, I wanted to stop living altogether. Pearson met and Murray Dali after she divorced her first husband by whom she had three daughters. Dali told him, on the next page, she'd been Clinton's lover he said, but had no idea the affair was still going on. I knew that Bill Clinton and my wife were involved because we were before we were Murray because she would boast about it and rub it in my nose constantly Pearson we call. She'd rub it in this piss. Dali used to brag that Bill was very well endowed and that they would sometimes have sex four times in one hour. How do you like that? Sports court, sports court, sports court, sports court, sports court, sports court. What's wrong with having an important present, huh? She said they'd secretly meet in Loverrock and have steamy sex till the early morning hours. Sometimes she'd brag that even do it in the backseat of her car. Hearing stories about her sex with Bill was very hurtful, but every time it came up, so to speak, she promised me that the relationship was over and like a fool I believe he said. Pearson struggled to deny the awful truth of his wife's adultery even though we found much of her behavior hard to explain. Her frequent trips to Little Rock and her contacts with Bill Clinton made him uncomfortable. At the time, between 1979 and 1980, I was a prominent attorney in Dallas and Governor Clinton was referring some civil cases to me from Little Rock. Pearson recalled, but I didn't want to believe that the governor of Arkansas, the same man who appeared to be trying to further my career, was also having an affair with my wife. On October 13, 1980, when I won a very large case for the client he had referred to me, Bill sent me a letter on Arkansas Governor's stationary that read, thank you for all your help. I'll never forget it. Yeah, I've been in it for a while because Dallas trips to Little Rock and become a frequentist three and four times a month. He says, a source posted the family says with the birth of Dallas on Anthony 20 years ago that fourth person the face that painful truth about his marriage. Over seven years, family and friends began to express doubts about the baby's paternity, noting that Clinton and Dali had had sexual relations. She relations frequently around the time that Anthony was conceived, then finally Pearson himself became suspicious. Things really went from bad to worse after Anthony was born a source toldy and choir, and the 18 months span parrot Anthony's birth. Dali was traveling as much as four times a month. The Little Rock where she and Bill would meet secretly at the Camelot in and spend evenings in the throws of passion. I think that we just watched and reruns of passion. Paul grew extremely frustrated that Dali was abandoning their family to spend so much little time in Little Rock, but he we'd loved her and couldn't convince her to stop. Whenever Dali was at home, Paul said she'd practically ignore him and their children, and was constantly complaining that their sex life had all but stopped. Then, seven years after Anthony was born, the rumors people were telling Paul about Dali's affair with Bill finally began to sink in. By 1985, Paul knew all its horrid details of Dali's affair with Bill, and it started to question whether Anthony was actually his biological son. And a story goes on and on, and on an olive tree going on and by it, okay, and the inquire, but on page 35, here are the pictures. Can you spot the resemblance? How young Anthony Pearson left above and below matched up against young Bill throughout the years, and it's got those pictures in quite frankly, yeah, oh man, that's him, is it a match? It's a match and the abour doesn't go back and the abour just their freezes in the psychotic anticipation goes nuts. So go on and by the inquire, believe me, you'll love us seeing the pictures and you're loving about Bubba. As if this is some great surprise, and like I said, if Jesse Jackson can have a stick and love child, how come Bubba can't have a love child, huh? In our guarantee, if he ditches that bitch that the dikes will or he'd be the best thing that ever happened in his life, you know? Oh man, party. He gets the house though. She can have it. Yeah, she can have it. 11 past 11 at 5.60, WQM, we got the mad dog, Jim Manage, you won, Hank, and three, and then from there goes downhill, steadily. You know, if you're tired of hassles with your cellular service, tear that $50 month plan, you thought you purchased, which winds up costing your hundreds of dollars a month, and then you're on the team with teams cell tech at cell tech communications. You're authorized next to help representative. For over 25 years, cell tech's been providing cell flora with the best servers. They take the hassle away from dealing with the cellular company, not to mention the expense. Right now, next-tell shared rewards plan allows you to share 4,000 monthly minutes with free incoming calls for only a 54.99. Let me say it again, 54.99. The tech has got a great selection of other plans, no matter what your budget, with most including free incoming calls, nationwide long distance, color ID, voice mail and next-tells unique direct connect to a radio feature. So, whether it's one or a thousand phones taken for me and our very own superstar, J. Feele, who's the spokesman here, he's all over the place. Cell tech communications, your authorized next-tell representative, is the only way to go. Call 1-800 cell tech 2 today and get connected. That's 1-800-CEL-TEC in the number 2. Cell tech communications keeping us. From Mark Lains' deal, we're all underway in 7 months, for 25-60. And we're here! There's no fact in the church. We now go live to the Vatican. Welcome to the Cardinals' Vatican meeting. Please step inside and shut the door so we can begin. All right, let's bring out the voice! I was going to play that dumb cock stinging in, but you know why bother? Yeah! Coach, today it's like rubbing in. I do. Chattanooga Tennessee, a college student allegedly shot and killed his parents and sister, after dispute over credit card that he'd run up authority said. Peter Bullington, 24-Wishard, yesterday with three counts of first-of-reemer in the deaths of his father, Nigel, 50, mother, Gerard, D'Nia, 49, and that's her name, Gerard D'Nia. And sister Amanda, 22, all three were shot to death Saturday in the family's home in Apison, and come on to community about 20 miles east of Chattanooga. Sheriff John Cups at Peter Bullington told investigators there was a family discussion about his spending on the family's credit cards. He went upstairs, got his father's gun, came back downstairs and shot him in the kitchen area. And there's nothing worse than getting shot more painful than getting shot in the kitchen area? Especially about the sink. Oh my god! The only thing worse than getting shot in the kitchen area is getting shot in the... Cups at Peter Bullington, they said college student at the University of Tennessee at Chattanooga, had maxed out credit cards spending more than a five grand, and he said the family was having financial problems. All three victims have been shot multiple times. I guess they won't be complaining about it anymore. Cups said Peter Bullington told investigators that after shooting his family, he changed his clothes, drove to another area to scarred the gun, investigators recovered the weapon Cups said. So obviously he did just as good a job as Robert Blake and hide in the peace. Nice going, sir. Unbelievable. College students ought to control. Well I just shook my thing and I'm not really sure whether it's working or not seems to be helping a little bit. I shook my ink thing up. Good. That's the only card. But I'm supposed to do that only like at the end when it's run out of ink. That's what works with this one. I don't know what you have up there. Oh, tourists. I don't know. There's something a little. I'll get some new ones. Okay, I'll call today. I might tab by the way, Bob or Motto, we're another company's really strapped right now. I know times are tough. I might tab. Don't worry about it. I'll tell you that Paul is going hot and heavy in the, um, don't like to tone people of switch over to the, you know, calls thing. You can always tell when all of a sudden there's any enormous flurry. I mean, we've been doing this a long time. Georgian I can both see when there's like a gigantic flurry off of the same category on a pull. But that's okay. Have a good time. What do you dislike most about Neal showed? Nothing, it's fine. 97. Nothing. I like it better than ever. 73. No phone calls. 59, which wasn't really doing all that big before, but not it's up. Well, still only 60, less than 16%. Don't like the tone of the show. 54. Don't like that tone. Yeah. 54 people said that. Too much reading. 27. Too many priest stories. 25. Not enough comedy bits. 19. Too many comedy bits. 10. And go leave. 10. Oh, which was a late edition on there. Just for all my leaf fans out there. Which I could put go sends go to be a fair equal time for the Senator fan. Oh, but we won't. Oh, and speaking of hockey fans. Oh, my gosh. I'm watching at the Montreal game in Kerala. I think it's said performances are Canadians folded up after the coach blew the game the other night. But I'm going to tell you something. Carolina. Now, see you're always talking about North Carolina. How much you love it. Right. This is in, um, Rolly. Okay. Play. I love it. I've been a bigger part. I love the mountains of North Carolina where there are no people. That's what I like about it. See, they started their franchise. Carolina, which is the most voted franchise in all sports. Besides the South Florida baseball team in Montreal, but they started the franchise in Greensboro because the New Arena wasn't ready yet. And then they said, oh, well, we worked to Rolly the permanent facility there. It's going to be the greatest. I just want to make sure it's in Rolly. Okay. I want to get this wrong. Let's see. Where's the story about the thing there? I don't even have a damn, uh, geez. What kind of crap is this? It's in Rolly. So the first couple of playoff games at home, they could even sell a mouth cure line. That's what a great hockey town in sport. I mean, what do they know about hockey? They don't know about nothing. No. So, so now, of course, they're all on the bandwagon. They're in the second round. They've got a three-to-game stoutouly. Then Montreal. They're one game away from advancing to the next round. The conference finals. And I noticed a shot in the crowd. They showed his big fat, tubby, typical red, necky-looking guy. It looks like a bufred puzzle. You know, that kind of looking guy. And I've thought to myself, oh, they can't all look like that. All 18,000 plus people in the stands there. They can't all be a bunch of mugwums. So late in the game, they actually, the camera, they had some time. And they like paned the crowd. Even the young people look like that. I mean, everybody looks like that. Like the people from Nashville. Like they, uh, were hatched in a, uh, in a cave somewhere. Out of a big old egg. That's lame. Yeah. That's them. All right. North Carolina, man. Hockey town, my ass. What a joke. Carolina Hurra Cooons, my ass. But they're going to win. It looks like because Canadians have folded up. They've pulled up their tent. Cincinnati airport terminal evacuated. Hebron Kentucky. That sounds like a Jewish thing. Don't know. Hebrew Kentucky. I thought hebron was in Israel. That is. Hebron Kentucky, police evacuated the main terminal at Cincinnati, Northern Kentucky, International Airport for three hours on Sunday after a passenger tried to board a plane where they cigar cutter in his boot. When a screener to security checkpoint found the small knife, the man ran into a secure air of the terminals of Kathleen Bergen, a spokesman for the West Department of Transportation. The terminal were channels 92% of the airport's traffic was shut down in 910 AM and the three concourses were evacuated and searched. All reopened by 1210 PM. Pastures were loud back in after being rescreened. Pastures on the 10 flights that left the airport to anybody. evacuation were screened upon a while of their destination. And you know what the investigation turned out when they finally got ahold of this guy? A cigar cutter? And what else do you think he had? Here's the clue. The guard? No. Marijuana? There you go. How do you like that? Boy. The wacky weed. That's why he ran like hell. I don't think most of us would run if we brought a cigar cutter in our luggage for, you know, absent-mindedly. No. Not that he had the wicked weed. He had the wacky weed in there. Now, what is this thing you just facts me about sex scandals and American presidents? He's this worthwhile. I don't really think so. It will kill some good times someday when we have nothing else but we got a lot today. We got lots of crap today, baby. And of course, any did that we run out of stuff like that. We can open the phone and say, hey, give us a call five six set, but we're not today. You want to take one call? Do I want to? Well, no, I'll take one. It's a 63 people on there are just like most of the fact we don't take any calls. How about one call? Do you think that'll pass if I, oh, well, let's give it a shot. Five six seven. Five six seven. Five sixty. Come on. Tell you what. Let's give it a shot. WQAM. Hello? Yes, sir. Oh my god. Yes. It's Neil. And it's you. It sounds just like you. How are you, Neil? I'm doing great. How about you, sir? And not as well as you, I'm sure. Right. Well, I don't know. Congratulations on your new format. Thank you. How do you like it? It's working fine. Well, that's good. No complaints, huh? No more arms on the phone. Right. Did you see that? Did you call for like a particular purpose? It is because I said we take a call. That's why. Okay. Well, have a great day, sir. And thanks for a wonderful call. Thank you. See, that was painless. That guy sounds like he's crappin' his pants. He is in a state of shock. Not only was it Neil, but he actually took my call or is it the other way around? Something like that. How do you like them, Apple? I said, would take like one or two. Now all these chemicals put them all on hold there, you know? I don't, I mean, after that, that didn't quite, and all, I mean, he was okay. I'm not going to put that guy down, but he was, I don't know. You think that had a lot to, a lot to the show? No. Well, let's give one more shot. Okay. One more try. QAM, hello. Neil. What? Nasi, that that's, that one's not going to be on. You can just tell, you know what I'm saying? That's all I did for that. That was the first one that called by the way, online file. Oh, that was the first one. But I'm just saying all I had to do was hear the way he said my name. I could not possibly be on his show. There's no way. Just one word. Remember that song by Doris Troy, just one word? No. I think that's going to be on a playlist on magic. No. Just one look by Doris Troy better be on there. Or I'm going to come down and see a Rickshaw's cap, okay? You clowns and nobody pick it on my friend Rickshaw. He's not the problem. That PD that Bobbo, what's his name? Assel? You just said it. Have you got an Alexander Hamilton? You got shot? WQAM. Hello. Yo. Yeser. Now what was that? There it was. What was it? Exactly. What you heard? A yo in a hang up. WQAM. Good morning. Yeser. I just wanted to let you know that I'm a... In my early 30s. And I'm a gay man, but that's neither here nor there. No, it's not. Yeah. We want more full calls, baby. Oh my god. I tell you. I hit the mother load just like Diana said in that work. We struck the mother load. Boy. Okay. You can rid of all those other colours down ago. You can just... or just let him hang on. They can... they can hang on. And then maybe if the mood strikes me, but I sure doubt it. I might go back and take some more. It was really nifty calls. I mean that was uh special just like the corny in deliverance that was sure was special one of I don't know what to say it worked for me it was a phenomenal added tons of my show so let's see 64 no calls okay well I guess they must have enjoyed that there you go I want to please everybody you can't please the whole world but I'm trying to do the best I can you know please at least like 5% of the audience out there 26 past 11 and 560 of course we could have had the crow calling you know and do some ristuses stuff and the I heard him for a couple minutes this weekend I thought I'd pee my pants I mean how can we possibly have him I'll try he's got a call following I forgot I'll tell you a product that's got a gigantic growing following and that's champion light and guess what the good news is what you got some yeah I got it I got some oh and champion light too that's right my frigid air is full of it and the champion light also so if you want to get yourself a great tasting sports ring that's good tasting and good free at the same time this is really your only choice Gatorades loaded with sugar is loaded with carbohydrates is loaded with all the stuff that you're trying to get rid of when you work out champion light has none of that crap it's got all the electrolytes you need after work out and it's also got no sugar no calories no carbohydrates no caffeine no crap to make a long story short it's just a fantastic product you'll enjoy a lot and now it's available in six delicious new and improved flavors too orange lemon lime grape fruit punch black raspberry and or blue raspberry whatever it had they call it and what's the other one lemonade and don't forget P. Lany sends me 75 different messages today so let me make sure I can decipher this correctly you can sample the all new champion light flavors this Saturday for free by joining dolphins quarterback J. Fee Lereth the new Walmart Superstore he's everywhere now J. He's just all over the place joined J. Fee Lereth the new Walmart 38 or one turtle quick driving cross brings 10 30 in a morning till 2.00 a afternoon this Saturday and say hey J. Give me some and some champion light too or if you'd like to fight out the store near the curious it just look up there impressive website at champion light L. White we 9 to 10 on sports meal 5.60 QAM Yankeb babies from the director of celebrity boxing let's get ready to humble Tonya Hardy and Ellie Berry star in celebrity car crashie students 1132 at 5.60 WQM happy Monday to it not a bad day how's it there about 150 reason to shade at the moment it'll get hotter do you know everybody I talked to there has got one thing on her mind and that is the story that I mentioned last week was in a paper few days ago about the fact it's going to be maybe the hottest summer on record and sound thought it's going to be just unbearable right unbearable I mentioned it may be I'll be before to show started day while you were taking one of your 14 crafts the fact that once it gets the Easter and pace pass over I mentioned this already on the year because I lose drag yeah you mentioned it oh well let me mention again because of the heat in the humidity nobody who can afford to get out of their stays there I mean the snowboards leave and everybody else leaves too if they can afford to go someplace else like here or anywhere I mean good going this molly just going to be well anyway I don't want to rub it in because whether here's nothing to write home about but it I'm stood on it was pretty good at least in the a detail agra how's my friend Hans doing out there I have a terrible stir I guess I should find it now I hate to do a two bad stories in a week from I'm stood on two violent stories which is pretty unusual here it is blast rips apart car and needle we just tell them like it is we let the chips fall where they may okay the Schmidt fall where it may run some Netherlands and explosion ripped apart a car in front of the house of a local politician in southern Netherlands on Saturday five days after lead of a national political movement was shot to death no one was injured in the blast which severely damaged the car belonging to the wife of another politician a city ottoman and brought some near the German border and about 12 miles from the Dutch city of mostric police at the explosive may have been a grenade the politician was identified as Jay Stiner of the local Christian Democratic Party Stiner told police he feared the mode of was political and requested police security the national broadcasting company NOS reported last summer the car brought some his mayor was set on fire a suspect was never found and police were investigating whether the two attacks could be linked the attack came five days after Dutch politician pinforks was assessed in a parking lot after finishing a radio interview police have charged a 30 key world desperate with a killing but have not found a motive the attack and brought some seem to be unrelated how do you like that they're out of control in and need a lawns lot of crazy people that's a bottom line crazy people everywhere who don't know the difference basic difference like I said last week between right and wrong between killing people or trying like that punk hid Luke a heldars shush melder whatever heldars killed or whatever his name is that's a good one yeah Luke heldars elder well we have to find out what was troubling him and we have to examine his motive and we have to examine the writings and the happy face and see the symbolism yeah right anybody 21 year and then they're interviewing the teachers again it's been on CNN and you people over there should croak a wicked death okay I can't stand except for Bill Hummer is a good guy and you still look pretty good without the makeup but I mean what what a network that is the crap news network CNN and I got that Paula on harassing these stupidity out of the incipid questions and then we got both blitz great interviewing yes or amaphart you know it would it take a brain hitler back if they find it was still alive I could just see tonight wolf blitz or interviews eight off Hitler says are you still gonna be a meanie or you're gonna be a nice guy and work for peace you know why what kind of crap is that CNN is for people who got like the the intellect of a three year old which is why I watch it joliet what does call something that was boy I think I'm coming down with something after hearing those calls oh we missed the calls Neil that's that's what made the show right that's what made it unbearable that's what made it terminal that's what made it freaking pondress and I accept to in the past two months 10 of about 200 priests affiliated with the Roman Catholic diocese of joliet Illinois have been now if I can read this this has got to be the smallest printing that you just facts me a little while ago did you take a look at this it's pretty small man have been suspended or resigned in allegations of sexual misconduct with miners giving the suburban diocese one of the highest percentage in the nation of priest removed from their ministry since the national purgey sexual new scandal broken January according to the Chicago sometimes analization of reported cases finding by comparison the arts dices of Chicago which took steps to deal with sexual abuse by miners of priest decades ago or a decade ago has removed one of its nearly nine hundred fifty active diocese priests from its ministry since January because of allegations of sexual mother in other words only one out of nine fifty but in joliet ten out two hundred which is one twenty-th which is five percent in the Cleveland diocese which has formed eighty-dice i.e. diocese in priest eleven of it removed which what's that one about two percent okay yeah yeah I'm good on that math baby i'm sharp I'm right if you think I'm going to try to read the rest of this teeny if the audience could see if they say holy crap that old guy still got good eyesight but of all that fish food and then this is a turtle man you have to have a goddamn telescope to read that crap too much reading the elats the problem oh let's take some more great calls oh sorry oh oh oh oh let's put on the CNN that's another one of those shows that everybody raved about Mary Tyler Moore show hated it though I don't this like her I mean she's okay I can take her reliever she's all right she never stole a free train but i just hated that show i didn't like dick van die kek i can't stand him he makes me sick to my stomach do you think he's funny no I don't never did hate hated dick didn't like to know either another mention it and as never got it yeah never got that show who it's just just out of funny show and you know who else was on that show i think it was that show was rosemary wasn't she on there i think she was stick to Hollywood squares honey i'm sure she's got to be dead why get so excited when i have the Hollywood squares is on there now the ones with the all dead panels that's great plan for it and Charlie weaver and Paul in and just a whole bunch of dead folks here's that story about Hillary which i think you're gonna find shocking it wasn't bad enough we had the story and of course that above a thing if that comes out to be true this could really throw monkey wrench into her plans you know it hill for veep in 2004 question mark this is in the New York Daily News idea of senator a number two spot generating a quiet buzz it says she has promised unequivocally not to run for president in 2004 but what if democrats wants a senator Hillary cool a Clinton for veep instead the ideas being pedaled quietly by some democratic power brokers including her husband bill Clinton that's flandering douchebag that we all love sources said that when he says whether his wife much has run for president in 2004 Hillary's booster and chief talks her up as the bottom half of the democratic dream ticket i think she'd make a better vice presidential candidate bovacet Karen done Hillary Clinton spokeswoman role he said that her boss has said repeatedly that she'll serve out her full six year term and a say don't they always all say that always yeah we don't believe it but other democrats were less circumspect she'll probably be at the top of the list and political consultant tomodonnell former top aid away likely 2004 presidential candidate house minority leader Richard give heart democrat of Missouri who you can't complain about his personality because he doesn't have one she's got a pretty good following on lathe dan good fundraiser i think she be a damn good asset whoever the nominee will be damn it he said damn about sixteen times in there just like time jick and advice mail who said god damn over and over again can you believe little time jicka good nice a bald hit a guy like him saying god damn on a radio a senior republican official agreed she'd added tremendous amount of energy to the ticket officials said the left wing women's groups hollywood unions they'd love it well connect the democratic political operative told the daily news that former first lady of the resounding plus for the ticket and a particularly good match with the gap heart or senator john and words democrat north keraliner was made no secret of his intention to run he wants to be president now there's southern mugglumpa he's he's not a mugglumpa he's just I don't know you ever see him no he's just a guy lingering bad blood from the 2000 presidential campaign however probably rule out an al Gore Hillary Clinton tandem Hillary still angry that Gore criticized her husband scandals the court or credit sources said they don't talk much at a Clinton insider and evidently she hasn't read the inquiry yet I said Hillary Clinton would be a polarizing figure for the GOP base which loves to hate her but wouldn't vote democratic anyway and a president on the ticket would give her publicans a potential opening to resurrect the scandal baggage that played both clinton's during their what house years but Hillary Clinton brings assets that no one else on the party's radar screen can touch star power and fundraising prowess she quickly raised more than 1.6 million dollars to the political action committee she opened soon after the 2000 election and she's handed out text of democratic house and senate candidates across the country she's also in heavy demand as a fundraiser for her congressional and party colleagues and my colleague Adam Kirchner political service a Clinton would get a pass from her 2000 campaign plans to serve her full six year term native the context of whether she'd run for president if she were camp for the number two spot if the ticket lost she still keep her sent a seat and could be well positioned for a presidential run in 2008 which are these people dreaming or what man like I said forfeit just put up the big sign there forfeit I mean do you have any idea how many people hate her like poison yeah everybody yeah and the only reason she wants so big in New York is because the world when New York and a gigantic landslide so she got sucked in by the co-tails you know but she was like barely had that little torque what was that guy from Long Island that she ran against odd out of sight out of mind he was a little bit of a torpey guy who he was barely a couple points ahead and it was nip and tuck until the election when girl won you know New York by 80 trillion votes and she got sucked in. 20 till noon at 5.60 WQA I mean he don't get sucked in with some of those ads in the yellow pages for carpet cleaning places because almost all of Morris scam they give that per room special deal you know and at the end of the job they end on all kinds of extra cash all kinds of extras that you weren't expecting and a ones up cost you an arm and a leg dry concepts never does that because they do with the fairway the honest with they give your written guarantee price before they roll up their sleeves and start to with a job and then they give you the most incredible job of carpet cleaning available to man because they dry clean your carpets like I've been telling you for years which I've used them in my house for over 20 years they suck out even the deepest down dirt in the fibers of your carpets even Linda lovely should be impressed by the way they suck out that dirt your color stay more vivid in vibrant and your carpets will feel softer the touch and they smell them any fresh as well they stay cleaner longer which makes them last longer to and they're dry in just a couple of hours so all the way around you can't beat the fantastic job the dry concepts do on your floor preaches off in your carpets to a spring cleaning today in Broward called 954 3707778 that's 954 3707778 in Dayton Palm Beach you can call them toll free the numbers 1 800 2 4 85071 please tell them the new tour to the call don't forget clean today you can entertain the night when you do it with dry you where you fudge back they want us to find a way to reimburse and pour back pay no from 200 years ago when they were slaves well I only have a mobile home a pitfall in a pinch of skull so if you want to ask they how here's what I gotta say you've got to yes and bigger good mine you tell them that you're sorry for enslaved them all yes and bigger good mine I want to give you a kiss that's where everyone is doing is dead at home it books if I was born in 1802 old and slaves ain't something I do but what we're dead people did to you I have to take the plane would you see it all for an old money act with the canus fairly cherry in fact instead of 40 acres and the blue I have a better way you've got to yes and bigger good mine and that's where everybody who is dead at home 40 six and five sixty w qa happy a Monday to you here's the fact it says you show us a hundred percent better without calls I can actually learn something while I work the only thing I ever learned from your call is is the rule of 21 rule of 21 is 20 out of every 21 people are morons there you go good point for a hundred and twenty one votes on our survey already they a twenty-one re-response what you said twenty one like I said the rule of four hundred and twenty one see how it's he's very attentive today I'm not really sure why I think he's still a little bit nervous is what it he's still like on pins needles what he's having to do to the seat Miguel told me you said like right on the edge of the seat I always did course Miguel you haven't worked it him long enough to understand what that means yeah there's more coming from what he dropped this morning anyway what do you a dislike most about Neil show we asked nothing it's fine a hundred and six that's twenty five-point one percent uh nothing I like it better than ever 85 another twenty percent how do you like that huh we got a pretty happy audience in towns like to meet and especially those way three four calls I took those were sensational man but no phone calls sixty eight don't like the tone fifty four they kind of like ease off on at they backed off you notice yeah too many pre-story twenty nine too much reading twenty nine not enough comedy vets twenty one goal leaves go sixteen eight and a too many comedy vets thirteen second-winged last place anybody would say too many comedy vets did they just the people don't like a bokeh what's his name bokeh bro vegan or what's his name Robert Blake flips out his family and friends are for our worries gonna kill himself you're familiar with this story nope are you familiar with gays can't relax the spice girls no they're there go got some good stuff here for a ride can't wait both from the inquire I should put an authentic inquire is great the other tabloids you know if it's like for fun and games you want to kill some time on a plane like I do get the other tabloids and diddle around with them you know but if you want to learn something that's actually uh once it won't pretty true haha in fact look at this inquire evidence keeps breaking jail this is shocking I hadn't even seen this it's like down in the bottom corner of the story Los Angeles County Superior Court Judge Lloyd Nash has a lot of prosecutors to introduce blockbuster evidence obtained by the inquire in the Robert Blake murder case last year the inquire handed over to detective shocking audio tapes that Blake's frightened wife bunny Lee Baker recorded before her murder detailing threatening conversations she had with the beretta star inquire were also gay police handwritten letters from bickly to Blake that documented troubled marriage the transcript of one conversation in which Blake confronted bickly in 1999 was presented inside the vana's California courtroom is part of a 60-page prosecution motion opposing blacks police unveil on first-to-remortar charges the motion mentioned that the tapes have been provided by the inquire the 1990 non-conversation Blake told bickly you deliberately got pregnant for the rest of your life will have to live with that and for the rest of my life on the referg it after the court hearing reporters from newspapers and tv stations scrambled for copies of the transcript but inquire readers were way ahead of them they knew all about the blockbuster recordings when we first reported the details exclusively in our May 29-2001 issue after reviewing the tapes and letters judge Nash denied Blake bail how do you like that oh the inquire was doing it man if we can just get the inquire to nab ojamp put his nasty ass away once and for all then then we really hit the jackpot anyway it's as a robber Blake is flipping outside his tiny jail cell throwing fit screaming crying complaining constantly and saying he'll kill himself rather than spend the rest of his life behind bars you know what he wants most in that jail is what i'm hearing i give up a cockatoo but you remember burrata i remember Blake is going nuts and inside of told the inquire he's having a total breakdown his complaining can't sleep can't eat can't read he's driving the jailers crazy he's got a new complaint every few minutes he told the jailers i can't lie on this uh about the old mattress he said maybe i'll call dial a mattress there you go buddy they delusion idea for you he said i'm a frail old man this is inhumane treatment it's got to the point that when he starts screaming for something the guards just ignore him they let him scream for a long time before they even acknowledge him they're fed up with him he's barely eating is already lost weight the guards have snickered that he she acted like a tough guy before he got there and now suddenly he's a frail old man they believe he's just trying anything he can to think to uh to get out of there but his screaming is making them ignore him so the more he fights it the worst things get for him people involved in the investigation believe that if he thinks he's going to spend the rest of his life behind bars he's going to find a way to kill himself how do you like that uh uh uh the former movie star now spends his days locked in an eight by ten foot cell in the 7100 high-power module of the men central jail in Los Angeles known as MCJ oh do you hear his latest record by the way MCJ nope he's rapid it in hammering it instead of his tailor made clothes black is wearing an ill-fitting blue smock with MCJ on a back and blue pants the source of the prison totally inquire well it's a good thing he's not wearing him checkered pants like soft florida instead of expensive shoes he wears black slippers that inmates have to shuffle and to keep on to keep them on their feet he has to wear a red plastic wristband signifying he's a high security inmate and he wears a white t-shirt and white box of shorts with Los Angeles County jail written on him oh geez he sleeps in a hard metal bunk with sheets and a blanket and no pillow the cell has just a sink and a turler without a seat oh i hate those turlets without a seat don't you how can you uh never mind i guess very uncomfortable you never uh take in a squat on a trail without a seat no i can't imagine well in another words the answer is yes how about Miguel if you ever take an crap out of a trail with no seat no well what's wrong with you guys man oh Miguel never go and take it up place like a restaurant or something you go in and a seat has been busted or whatever it's like uh sitting off to the side and you got nothing but a nice porcelain bus there oh cold cold but it's a good it's a good way to learn balancing man delicate balancing so you don't like you're asked on fall right in like is in a cell in front of where the guards it's so they can constantly see it was self-rewind on the door they're keeping Blake away from the other inmates in high power many from our dangerous gang members who would kill him in just a minute just to make a name for themselves Blake has to eat every meal in his cell he doesn't like the food one night he had beans and hot dogs for dinner and cool cuts on a roll for lunch and oatmeal for breakfast he gets to shower every other day and we'll get clean underwear sheets and towels once a week clean underwear once a week woo another prison source told the inquire that when Blake first arrived after being charged with killing his wife Bonnie Lee Bakley he was shaking and crying I'm scared what they're gonna do to me he cried he didn't look anything like the cocky actor used to tell funny stories out to the night show with his old buddy Johnny Carson Blake freaked out when he was forced to strip for intimate physical examination at send the prison source he began to shake in terror as the enormity of what he was facing hit him he realized that for all intents and purposes his life is over oh the inquire learned that in the time of despair Blake has reached out to his old pal Johnny Carson like I just mentioned only moments ago Blake calls him collect from the jail Blake is despised in his told Johnny that he's been on a suicide walk set a source close to Carson Johnny told Blake to remember he's innocent until proven guilty and assured him he can make it through these trying times Johnny lifts his spirits like no one can they be Edmund man calls and he's thinking Ed calls like they get on like a conference call and that's him when Blake picks up the phone and he goes here's Johnny I'll just to cheer him up a little bit and Johnny comes on you think they do that no I don't and a may for a quarter parents Blake was denied bailing incredibly that came as a great relief to his close friends and family Robert's family and friends are worried sick that he's going to kill himself set a family source his daughter Delina and pals don't want him released on bail they say he's not at risk of fleeing he's at the risk of committing sausages Blake phone to pal from jail and was nervous and babbling his buddy is really worried because even before he was arrested Blake had told him he'll never go to jail how he killed himself before that happened well better life than ever so you don't want that you think he's a good guy I don't think he's a good guy I think he's just get life or whatever gay scandal eroxpice girls boy the spice girls have been plunged into a gay scandal by shocking allegations about the intimate relationship between melbee and jury hallwell you know not that I think of it a jury hell well she's pretty butch looking you know it I'd have noticed she makes me sick she did it's rainy men which definitely didn't need to be read on now it's rainy men if you're going to do a video of that it lends itself to have like a lot of hunky hot guys in there and instead she's busy showing off her hot new body after like whatever it really didn't you know like post actually whatever they did there and like you know put out wants to see her she's a beast anyway yeah let's hear the weather girls okay instead of freaking jury fellow fellow well nice good good on you and I was pretty good talk I can't even hear it the affuting pair enemies now but a one-time melbee scary spice in badmade jury were very close friends as melz exubby Jimmy Gullsar to me made the lesbian charges in the documentary that melt tried to have banned from broadcast on the BBC a her bitter exes lifted the lid on what he calls the not so platonic relationship between his former wife and one-time spice girl jury trumpeted a London newspaper on a little they love that stuff in London man careful not to explicitly spell out the exact nature of the relationship Jimmy tells viewers that the pair were as intimate as he was with mel Jimmy you got divorced from the spice girl after 16 months also told in a view of that mel and jury had a relationship with each other that goes deeper than a lot of people think really deep rumors about jury sexuality have been swirling around the pop-ro for a long time that holds the music insider she's never had a long-term boyfriend she seemed closer to oh wait didn't hear this she seemed closer to a British singer than anybody and he's uh you know who it is no George Michael oh so keep our found as speculate but Jimmy's gone further than anybody and suggesting that Jimmy had a gay relationship with mel it's shocking because mel has always been seen as the sexiest spice girl and there's never been a hint that she's bisexual no wonder she wanted this English TV documentary banned since she went solo in 98 juries romchey's day jannics of hit the headlines and sparked outrage at one London concert when she was looked funneled and kissed by her female dancers live on TV wild child jury took a swipe at a roll group when she performed a one-woman gig at London gay club backed by look like spice drag queens last year jury threw on more logs on a fire when she confess she was going through a gay phase and admitted she found Jennifer Lopez's curvy behind very sexy even mel sees sporty spice who most ten tattoos has felt compelled to deny on several occasions that she's a dick says mel see the fact is i'm not gay how do you like that huh who cares about them anyway lemme 57 at five sixty wqm hey i'll tell you somebody who's not anything he's just a horny bastard and that's our good friend Jeff Cohen at pizza law Jeff was in their Friday bringing you a beautiful lunch i'm sure it was it was a beautiful thing that can actually hoard his way on the air by the way i'm not giving you my number up here Jeff's a limit alone all right between you and pd lini i don't want to be bugged your great guy good friend but go away anyway pizza law to some of the world's best pizzas you know they're located in the pizza law class university drive in davie between Griffin and five ninety five tonight and every money is lasagna night at the loft who's his eight plant night how well these dinners on these nights get the second one for only five bucks when's the kids eat free with adults and see Jeff's name is magic show Thursday's bike night at the loft come on a motorcycle by one dinner get the second one for app price try it all baby the best garlic rolls in a world three different kinds of pizza great Italian chicken dishes and meal and seafood calcines who presubs and don't forget coming very soon it'll off a second opening or the opening of a how do you say that a new location right out there by me in westbroward in the plantation acre's area uh not hill and sunrise right beyond wall greens here they're gonna be opening a new pizza law the summer when do you say at the end of the summer how do you say what yeah anyway for take out or let's see you're not keeping up man you gotta go real fast to keep up with the bathroom for take out or delivery or catering call a pizza law of the nine five four nine one six eighty eight eighty nine one six eighty eight feet ocean Cadillac wants to know your day the new watchers show on five six two two eight my name for the new meal God we're here live at the press conference for a moment from now we will be getting some word on Mr. Blake's behalf regarding this case we could not get any statements from our attorney brawn at this point however we understand that a white cockatowning Fred best known for sitting on Mr. Blake's shoulder in the TV series Baretta okay we see Fred has entered the room and is about to address the media here do you have any information where Mr. Blake might have been at the time of the murder the bird has just mentioned something about filthy now I'm not sure if that is indicative of the condition of this page at this point Fred would you be willing to testify court the white cockatown was just mentioned the word milky again something sort of non-sacchar not really drink related to this case right debaker son-tongued Mr. Blake ever get angry enough to that you thought he would hurt you interesting bird dimension apparently Robert Blake's go tea that he wore in the TV series back in early 1977 as a disguise and if there anything else we need to know about Mr. Blake he caught it he was just made reference to gay tea perhaps a misguilty and all the quaint and dismissed were black perhaps prior to meeting the Bonnie Lee back we okay and we get word that Fred is hungry and must exit so that is the end of this news conference however thanks to Fred's statements today perhaps that will lead investigators to answer some very complexing questions regarding the nature of this this murder case will take you back to headquarters in Washington now very sad they just don't get it I've spoken about cockatown at my time and you know what what nobody was really saying what gildy cross me guilty talking on a score show try to be my show your boys sounds just like a sad thing year all girl I little sports whole show what else are you careful gildy dancing talking like a baby who needs a little training like how you understand you don't sound like a man people the rubber bands that joke your stroke come tell me tell me tell me tell me your lucky management don't help cause you don't belong there on the air and tell me those sports can wait till your boys racks cause anyone who sounds like that should find another job and they should only take you back when both your babies drop you healthy when you're gonna grow up you make us want to grow up you silly squeaky boo go to broadcasting school you're free you'll best hit boys make you sound like a fuck you're a fuck you're a fuck you're a fuck you're a fuck you're a pack of two with 10 gildy you're just like a couple five and five sixty double you know I did again I did again speaking a gildy can you believe it no what I I've got to get in the swing of things oh if you can call me tell me whenever I'm in town I listen to wait a minute I am in town it's the 12th of a hour how could I have done that after all this time now to let's so we start that in January right right so this is like a four and a half months we've been doing this if I got it right yet oh no no I'll get it here's somebody who got it look at how old this man was Joseph Joe bananas banana notorious mafia leader dead at 97 97 how do you like them apples huh he died two son Joseph banana the notorious gangster known as Joe bananas who went one of the most powerful mafia groups in the 1950s and 60s died Saturday he was 90 freaking seven banana who retired Arizona 1968 and it suffered from several health problems in recent years died of heart failure set his attorney Alfred skipped donno he said banana died peacefully surrounded by his family is that with the capital F banana was admitted to St. Mary's hospital on Monday and he literally just faded away said doctor David Benashra banana's physician since the late 1980s he was an interesting guy people were in contact with him at unswerving loyalty really incredible Benashra said they would done anything for him he really engendered loyalty and people in other words sometimes he made it offer it couldn't refuse I guess hmm at the height of his power banana directed one of the five original crime families in New York City the public known as Joe bananas in it named he tested by his own admission it was a member of the commission which acted as an organized crime board of directors in New York City another major U.S. cities he did not engage in such unmannedly activities as narcotics trafficking or prostitution though authority said otherwise he's probably the first mafia godfather that died of natural causes said a butler hates the turd who dealt with the nono while serving as U.S. attorney for Arizona until 1981 I don't think anybody back in the 50s and 60s ever thought that he was going to die of natural causes banana fell from grace during the 1960s repeatedly for trying to become the boss of bosses and what became to be known as the banana war the battle among the crime families resulted in his eventual exiled to Tucson where he was hanging out under the protection of the awards the family ah geez done Benchenzo okay whatever I I don't remember they sent the done Francisco done for in chair whatever it out was where they sent freighter to Vegas right the ghosty is buddy mobile is crime family anyway banana still bears his name the we maintain his 1983 autobiography that I'm not a father of any more and there is no banana family anymore right so did he have no enough did he have an orange in his hand when he died see I pretended not to hear it I did hear it the first time even in his waiting years banana was in the probably head one proud not to take a danger rain or banana even in his waiting years banana was unable to avoid the attention prosecutors 1980 to succeed in getting the only felony conviction against him from struck and justice for trying to block a federal grand jury investigating his sons evidence that led to the conviction was obtained by an narcotic strike force that stifled that he stifled through his trash what what is it oh that's sifted I'm sorry sifted through his trash for years no excuse a nice facts a federal judge eventually reduced his five year sentence to a year and banana was served nearly eight months in Lexington Kentucky federal prison before being enrolled in July 84 and it goes on about he served in this he served in a banana appeared in 1983 on CBS TV 60 minutes and collaborated in writing a man of honor the autobiography of Joseph banana which came out the same year and 1984 he sued his publisher for $18 million of what he said was a depiction of a cheat gangster undercover of the paperback version banana was born in a adiati adiati it was arrested numerous times adiati it was accused of transporting guns for alcapone through his crime family established nearly nineteen thirty's banana rose to become a member of the commission but he denied the mafia existed writing in his book that the term refers to a process a special set of relationships among when met a man when I stay away from the term because it creates more confusion than its worthy said he described himself in his book is a venture capitalist who invested in business with owners who invited him to become a partner because of his connections he said prostitution narcotics is stores in kidnapping were on manly and restricted in on a code he's dead jobanan is his dead long-lived jobanan is I'll tell you what's not dead it's bigger than uh married telemore and a six million dollar man and fill us and wrote it all put together yeah spider man boy it says now you know why they call him the amazing spider man with seventy two million dollars in its second weekend a number that would be a tremendous debut week in from a stony film spider man knocked off star wars episode one the phantom menace become the fastest movie ever to hit two hundred million dollars spider man passed this mark on Saturday its ninth day of release it took the phantom menace thirteen days to reach two hundred million the comic book adaptation starring Toby McWaren directed by Sam Ramey as wrote two hundred and twenty three point six million dollars in ten days according to studio estimates yesterday the movie had been the second uh had the best second weekend ever beating the fifty seven and a half million that Harry Potter and the source of restraint took it over the second period they did seventy two million Harry Potter fifty seven and a half god this is one of the second weekends it's almost more impressive than the first of that's possible said Paul there uh something or rather there a garabidian with four hundred letters in his name president box office tracker exhibit relations the firm is relentless in its a cool of money its relentless man just like you George its relentless I thought that was vast after a huge opening films often knows that by fifty percent or more in the second weekend because so many people already seen him spider man held up strongly despite its phenomenal premiere its revenues dipping just thirty seven percent that's probably the most gravity-defying feet of spider man to hold up like from a number of that size that Jeff Blake hit a distribution at marketing at Sony which released the film and on and on a coast spider man at seventy two million dollars over the weekend on faithful fourteen point two not even close in fact if you take the I think if you take the next nine together in the top ten let's see twenty four twenty eight thirty two thirty four thirty six thirty eight the next nine together have less than forty million and spider man took in seventy two and how do you like that huh great for old spider man he's doing it baby and you want to know why that's because we talked about on the show last week it's all ours right we want our truck we want our truck we want our piece we want our little piece of the pie that's all we just want our taste I want to wet my beak just a little bit I hope I got the window open it smells like somebody's cooking something outside how's that possibly there maybe somebody else with their window open is cooking something oh man smells good smells like pasta oh I can't eat pasta I'll pasta baby can't eat that 12 minutes past noon at five sixty wqm here's a simple question for him if somebody offered to give you several thousand dollars give you over the next few years when you accepted you'd be a fool you'd be a stupid not to take it so it makes it really foolish to pass up a chance to refinance her by home at just 3.95 percent here's the deal there's a fanty may program out there at 3.95 percent for both refinancing and purchasing of homes just 3.95 percent and all you got to do is make one easy phone call to financial group toll for each one eight hundred nine four oh fifty three sixty three I'm telling you that that's definitely spaghetti oh the smell of that pasta sauce enough to drive me to the window the jump call one eight hundred nine four oh fifty three sixty three to be more specific you can get to yourself a hundred grand with payments of only for hundred and seventy five bucks a month or two hundred grand with payments is just nine hundred fifty bucks a month you'll save thousands and thousands of dollars of you downright stupid the past of a chance like that so do the math and do the next smart thing get all the tails there's no obligation by calling financial group they'll be ecstatic answer all your questions call one eight hundred nine four oh land L.E.N.D. that's one eight hundred nine four oh fifty three sixty three equal housing lender credit restrictions do apply and rates are subject to change tonight from poor steel in Colorado come and start to hate thirty on sports radio five sixty q a m demandage I have time it's a five of time may bombs and baddest time all is you will be mine listen to five of time and the children welcome the officers tell it is kindergarten you know what's happening is it's in the bottom of that is your best right and what do we want to be new or to be partners and how do we do this we are causing human's really in who are you i'm Haivid It's been a while but we found the answer to our question. We got a lot of action on the fact machine today. Amazing. Action fact. Rosemary is still alive. He's been on his survive in Hollywood Squares for 85 years and she's still alive. And the reason we know that is she was one of the more as a mourners at the Milton Brill's funeral. Look at this. Among the other mourners were Norm Crosby. Buddy Hackett, who was a lot on Hollywood Squares. Jan Murray did we talk about him last week about Hollywood Squares? I don't recall. Yes, we did. He's still alive in his 84. You better get with it, Mr. I don't know from Jan Murray. Buddy Hackett, Jan Murray, Rosemary, Sid Seizier, Martin Landau, and Fivish-Prinkel. Fivish. Who the hell is that? Fivish-Prinkel is very popular Jewish actor. You went to his stomach. Get outta here. Fivish-Prinkel. Based on Boston public as we speak. Hey, hey. Yeah. Cox a hoist. What kind of an aim is that? Fivish. He's been in a million things. Hmm. Probably a goi. Anyway, speaking of goi, I'm here's a real, I'm telling you the aroma of that sauce or whatever that, Oh, I can come out through this window. It's just whafting through here. I'm trying to think he's doing like an attention. Restaurant close enough here that's like, No, not that close. Man, just un-just overpowering. You know what I mean? I don't mean. Maybe the window below you. There are a few things in the world that like when they're cooking the aroma of it, just practically overpowers you. And that's one of them. You know what else is like? Good like that brownies. Oh yeah. Are you going to start with the chocolate again? Chocolate spaghetti? Although they do make chocolate spaghetti. And I'm talking about pasta. Forget about the brownies. Okay, just, and another thing like fudge. Here we go. Do you know how many years it's been since I've had fudge? In fact, last time I had fudge probably was on the show. We had somebody once upon a time when I would be bring us in fudge, and I just about died. And just like the day that the woman brought in the queue way, I'm a couple of years ago. Why don't you bring in that day then you really killed me? Cookies, ruggala? Ruggala. Yeah, she brings it in ruggala. I mean, just like taking a needle and just having an injection of sugar right into my bloodstream. And my head started spinning. I thought I was going to puke in the pass out right there in a goddamn floor. Or those supposedly. Here in the umbrella. Here in the umbrella. Some smarties to the hockey game. No thanks. There's plenty of smarties up here. If I bought any. No. And a smarty ice cream sucks. By the way. Anyway, speaking to your good close personal friend Bonnie Lee, and you'll be pleased to know she still did. Good. Says in this article right here from the New York Post, Bonnie Lee is just as dead as the guy that Rick Sanchez had in front of P.P. Park. But anyway. A year before her murder, Robert Plays, why told probation officer she had six postbrushes with death while living a fast-paced life according to a letter obtained by the New York Post. And a previously undisclosed note to Rockets All-Law, and penned in early 2000. Bonnie Lee bakedly, said she wanted to move to California and moved to California to be with Robert Blake or Christian Brando, thus attaining the start of him she so desperately saw it. But Bacley murdered May 4th, 2001 outside the studio city, Italian restaurant Vatellos, after having dinner with Blake, said her drive for fame came with a price. Bacley wrote that her poor upbringing made her anxious to find fame and fortune, even if it put her in harm's way. And this is why I'm driven. Almost being killed a half dozen times. I know better not to waste any time Bacley wrote asking her permission to move to California. Bacley was on probation in 1966 for an arrest in Arkansas, for having fake ID and stolen credit cards. She was an outstanding bitch, right? In that 2008, Arkansas probation officials, Bacley, by the way, all you punk saw there, don't ever say B-O-S, just say bitch, okay? B-O-Sons, so just come right out and say bitch, you know? Right? Uh-huh, couldn't agree more. Why beat around a bush? A fucking bitch. There you go. See, like, flee Bailey, man, like a mean it, not be odd. So like you have to be a polygetic for sin. A bitch is a bitch, okay? Just like there are men who are asked, hold it of course, there were women or assholes too. But whatever, there are men who are schmucks and there were women who are bitches. And Bonnie Lee was one of them, of course. In that 2000-lettered Arkansas probation officials, Bacley repeated a recurring theme in much of her correspondence, who are insatiably deregulated about poverty and myriad for that security of necessary. I was brought up dirt poor and always had the dream to either become famous, or to marry someone who's already as famous as I wanted to be, Bacley wrote, well, badmastake honey, because you're still dead. Sometime being, you know, like just an ordinary schlep is not a bad idea. I know. Yeah, like George being kind of like pasty and nondescript. In a quiet New Jersey cemetery, as today a scene of tragic sadness played itself out, as fallen back, civil star Jason Williams made a theory I'd visit to the grave of the man he's charged with killing. It wasn't the first time when you musn't made this pilgrimage. Sources told the New York Posty's come to the grave of cost as Gus Christophe, almost every week since the Valentine's Day shooting that left the limo driver, this. During yesterday's visit to former New Jersey net center late flower, struggled with tears and read from the Bible, as he stood before the rose-coloured headstone. And the Bible says, you know what the Bible says? Kill him on. Right. He comes a lot. I've seen him twice, but the security guards as he comes all the time, and he's just a bit of a grave that could help side some. And there's Gorge Court. He comes in stays about ten minutes, puts down some flowers and leaves. We just stand by and watch nobody bothers him. What he was most recent, was the beginning for yesterday was made turret just two days after he was indicted. On aggravated manslaughter and other charges, linked to Christophe's killing. And the steps went attempt to make it look like a suicide. Yesterday, we aim as arrive just before 230 pm on, on another unified woman in two bouquetes of flowers. Now says in this story, on another unified woman, I noticed that mold this morning was psychotic about that and it was his mother because he's like, biracial and his mother, I guess, is white. So get with it New York post because the mow is in the know on this when he said it was his mother. He said, we give mama. And then nice on mother's day to take mom to the grave of the guy you just murdered. Okay. Yeah, what a wonderful gift for mom. The pair missed it up with tears as they laid the floral gifts. Then they stood in silently red from a Bible before Williams kneeled by the tombstone and laid a hand on it. The pair then started to walk away, but apparently overcome Williams turned back and hugged Christophe's headstone. He hugged it and the headstone too. I just can't talk about the soft spoken Williams said, listen, you have a happy mother's day he added. The sister of the 55-year-old Christophe said she was surprised by the visits. No, I didn't know he went there. I don't know what to say about it. And we add them to court of planning for their comment. And it is to being a limo driver, Christophe was a drug abuse counselor who would overcome his own addiction to help others. Williams is accused as we know of a shooting Christophe with a 12-gay shotgun. When the chauffeur visited the basketball stars, how did a new juicing mansion, February 14th after driving some of Williams' friends? Williams was free on $270,000 bail. Offered his condolences in March to Christophe's family, the driver's family doubled the multimillionaires in serrited, doubted his sincerity. Doubted and doubled. The only thing I can say about his apology when he went to court it was too little too late his sister told the poster earlier this month. Williams faces up to 30 years in prison on manslaughter charges. His lawyer, who could not be reached for commenters, grabbed the shooting as a tragic accident. If always a tragic accident. And if it doesn't fit, your full of shmit, okay. Boy. Let's go take mom to the cemetery on Mother's Day, huh? I'll take a one thing, a cheer-better, and take another of the arc. I'll take my mom to every- I'll take her to the graveyard, man. Oh boy. In fact, I think there's some similarity there when you come right down to it. Do you want to be arc and go into the cemetery? 26 past noon at 5. 60. I'll tell you one thing this show is just flown by today. Is it just me or so? No, no, the day. It has. It's like a heart-boy. It must be all those calls we took. That's what it was. In case you tuned in later, tuned out and tuned back in, we took three or four of the most simulating calls and his beer radio. It was something. I don't think we can say that word on a year. I know what we can't say, Dalama, Chris, 1-800-Makras. I've been telling you folks for a couponsage that this is the only intelligence way that you're a great new mattress and a replace that lumpy old one that's hurting your back. You don't sleep on a good mattress, boys. Bad for your back, bad for your health and all the way around, bad for the way you feel. So get you a great new name brand mattress and unbeatable price just by making one simple, easy phone call that even a simple can do. Just reach over and grab that thing and call 1-800-Makras, 1-800-MATT-RES and get the ultimate freedom of choice of brand name mattresses from Cirta, Seely Simmons and King Coil. No store can match their selection or their accepted level prices and because Dalama and Chris have the deepest selection of brand name mattresses, they don't have to switch you to another mattress. You know the old bait and swish deal, they'll never do that to you. The only one is in stock right now and ready for immediate delivery. And in a two hour window that you choose, like noon and two and one and three and two and four and three and five you follow in this. Four and six, six and eight, seven and nine. And that's every day, seven days a week when it's convenient for you when you're going to be there. So instead of sitting around and you're asked all day waiting for delivery and hoping somebody shows up, do the smart thing called Dalama and Chris right now. Save a lot of time, a lot of gas, a lot of effort and a lot of cash to call 1-800 mattress. Your back will be ecstatic. 1-800-MATT-RESR Check them out in their... From Mark Lains, D.D. It's from the average 200 way of silver, on sports, renew 5-60. You're gay. Crap it all records presents the coming out of who great peat townset. It's the out of the closet collection. Tommy can you hear me? Right, Tom. Here's my head to steer you. Tommy can you please me? No. Let me rich you hear you. Ooh, Tommy. Tommy. Tommy. Tommy, come here, Tommy. It's a fun decking. I want to show you something. Tommy, Tommy. Tommy. Tommy. Yes, right there. Tommy, Tommy. Tommy, Tommy. Tommy, Tommy. The rap at a record presents these free-easily unreleased tracks. Cats feet singing these songs the way they were meant to be. The rock boy is slit skirts. Pete Touts it. He is my box set. And since I want the old boy, I'll have these silver balls. So hold down brightened. Men always needs a car. Baiting to the liking. And then it bathroom stall. My name is Peter Towson. And I saw a play of me, Jim. Oh, I'm going to write now. And you'll get a CD bonus track of Pete singing that Hello. I am a woman. These are domestic artists. Oh, right. Oh, right. Oh, this is great. Say something. Mumble something all the way here. Thanks. Come on. Are you ready? Why? Why? Because I got the... Remember I thought about these headsets that I bought? Right. We were talking about that during the break. Why can't Neil hear me? That song that I was playing was blasting it. And you said you could barely hear it. Right. When I was playing it's raining. Well, I know you understand the return that comes back up here like during the commercials of the level where I have to keep the speakers is like very, very low. In order to keep the level balance. Otherwise, if I turn them up, we're allowed. They're going to get feedback. Right. But now the headphones, if you let me finish, you were just talking about that during the break with Miguel. Why couldn't Neil hear me? Oh, my god. Psychic Neil strikes again. Oh, wow. Because now I realize why you can't hear half the things that I say is because the return is so goddamn low. Right. Now I hear you like just like your next door making that spaghetti. Oh, by the way, the aroma change. They must have already eaten. Oh, changed in our hurry. It took a turn for the first. No, what does that smell like? I don't want to tell you. Yeah, that's your good idea. Like I said, they already had they already dug in. No, but these headsets that I bought, the great, I mean, I don't want anybody to see the way these look, but I got like the left ear on and the rest of it is like up on a back of my head. Another was like on an angle. Oh, you know why? I can't, I can't wear the whole thing where I get a headache. It's too uncomfortable. Yeah. So I only have to come in one ear. Well, now you look like a club DJ. Right. Exactly. That's right. I'm a club club but talk host and old fart the club talk host with my headphones. And it's great. I can actually hear myself. I hear the spots I hear you, which, you know, speaks for itself. How do you like that? I think it's a great thing. So I think we saw the problem here where it is a well, there's a way. Because, you know, technically we get so much assistance from, well, I have no complaints in it. A wonderful job setting this place up and I'm going to do a great job at Amsterdam. In fact, the room around the building is like 14 different engineers. Some who don't even work for this company or volunteering to go to Amsterdam to set up my studio there for a soon. How's that pull coming on there? Say, yes, spaghetti, whafting back at a window. Oh, must be on for seconds now. Mama, call you only. 483 votes on a survey. What do you dislike most about Neil's show? See, we give you the opportunity to vent. Here's the chance. Of course, the people are really hated the new format. They're already gone. You know, it's fine. Bye bye. See ya. Sure there. 120 say nothing. It's fine. 93 say nothing. I like it better than ever. No phone calls. 78 said that. Of course, obviously they must have tuned out when we had those four great calls. Yeah. Some set up well. Don't like the tone of the show. That's tone in capital in the italics underlined. 54. And you notice how that hasn't changed. Right. That hasn't changed in the last maybe 45 minutes because they're all fake. All fake. All you clowns out there. Still hasn't changed. It's a thing just rebooted. Still hasn't changed. What does that tell you? Too much reading 38. Too many priest stories. 33. Not enough comedy bits. 27. Go leave. 24. Oh, oh. Too many comedy bits. 17 out of almost they're getting close to 500 votes. Pretty impressive. Total if you ask me. And of course, most of them real votes. Here's the worst story that they so far. The most depressing news. I promise to this. Well, this is great. I can like hear myself. And if you mumble or mud or something, I can hear you. Hmm. See? Which isn't so great. Jesse Jackson released from hospital. This is the bad news. Proving that nothing is perfect. The Reverend Jesse Jackson was released from a hospital yesterday. They have to after he was admitted for muscle pains in his shoulder. A hospital spokesman said. Jackson who heads the rainbow push coalition. Check himself out of the University of Chicago Hospital Saturday. And doctors kept it overnight for observation. Jackson symptoms likely were related to an auto accident that the civil rights leader was in civil weeks ago. Test yesterday found no additional problems. And Jackson was really shortly after noon. Damn it. Remember, McCluskey when Tom Hagen showed up. Yep. Damn it. We've been able to rule out the other problems. It's looking more and more like what everyone thought it was a muscle pain as a result of his accident. This spokesman said. Maybe it was a pain in his. That's what he gives all the rest of us. Jackson left the hospital in good condition. But doctors told him to take it easy. He was encouraged to work with a little good little rest in recreation and a schedule in between the father and more illegitimate children's. Police had this is depressing. Very disturbing. But of course it's every everything the 911 thing there are millions stories on that. Were they bungled and they should have known about it? Police in littleton colarado had evidence before columbine shootings. Our as after dealing a cleanhold and eric Harris killed 13 people at columbine high school authorities obtained search warrants for their homes using year old evidence. Sheriff officials had said in 1998 there was enough evidence of a crime to pursue reports that Harrison Clebold were threatening others in making bombs. After the two killed 12 students in a teacher before killing themselves April 20, 1999 At the school near Denver those 1990 reports were used to obtain search warrants according to documents released Friday and a record order. They show for the first time that a warning about Harris from Randy and Judy Brown have been used to get permission to search Harris's home and cleabels. In March 1998 the Browns gave authorities violent writings from Harris's website, including a death rate against their son Brooks and description of pipe bombs. Investigators drafted an affidavit to justify search of Harris's home, but they never showed it to a judge and eventually dropped the case. This is before columbine. They don't what I think about it. Have a good part in the afternoon here. That time because you're stepping on me. Don't step on me. Oh sorry. They dropped it all right. Is what I said. Oh, they dropped it. The long right think about it. The matter I get Judy Brown said the documents which were released after an open record request by the Denver Post. Sheriff spokesman Jim Scheyer said Friday that the full value of the Browns report may not have been clear until after columbine. Obviously anything that's going to be in hindsight is 2020. You said, which sounds like a real good excuse to me. And that what it sounds like to you? Yes. Relusive laws transcript blocked. He's testifying again today, which I'm loving it every second. I hope he's squirming. I hope he gets pneumonia out there in a rainy with the umbrella. T. He. Cardinal Bernard law answered questions for a second day in a pre-sexy abuse case on Friday, but a judge granted a request by the arts dice. He's to block the release of transcript from the session until law had 30 days to review them. Cardinal's been questioned under oath by attorneys in the lawsuit brought by 86 alleged victims of a child molesting priest John Gigan. On Friday, lines and questions for about four hours after the morning round of questioning, he left a celebrate mass that a church in Boston's rockberry section and offered prayers of the victims. I believe me. Believe me. If you live in rock spree, you need a prayer. Attorney Mitch Garabidi and representing Gigan's alleged victims had law was asked again about the church's supervision of Gigan, and the decision made third by the arts dice. He's finance counsel to back out of a settlement agreement worth up to $30 million, but the ruling provided details from Friday's questioning from emerging. And it goes on and on, but he's speaking again today. He's destifying his lines through his teeth. And I love the fact that the one of his victims, one of Gigan's victims refused to shake hands with Cardinal law, because he knows that he's part of the easy willing co-conspirator. He said, go shake this. Schmuck. Puts. Funny till one till a German is comes along with one o'clock. Perhaps you like to have a really big one like the mad dog. While we're talking about a big fat paycheck, if you'd like to have one, if you'd like to have a few bucks, some discretionary income, then fast-ranking up your cheap a brand new career in just four short months. You can really double size your paycheck by becoming a computer professional before the summer's over. Fast-rain offers you Microsoft certified instructors, no payments for a four year, John Placement Assistance Day in evening classes, and now that they got four convenient locations over date and Broward, including that brand new campus and prestigious congested candle, you have no excuses anymore. There's got to be one nearby you. So call fast-rain at that toll-free number, one, eight, six, fast-trained, or check them out on thewebadfastrain.com. Fast-trained can have you certified ready for a brand new money-making career, some serious bucks we're talking about, and as little as four months. So call them today because nobody, no self-respecting person, should have to settle for a small one at a little tiny puny paycheck. Call fast-trained toll-free, one, eight, six, six, fast-trained, and don't forget, off-astrain locations are licensed by the State Commission. The British Routes are a host with a 560-year-old, two-year-old, two-year-old. I, Baba Wampaulo, it's the scariest movies in scary movies. I'm scared, get out of here, just scared even when my parents. And a crew, my name is... Ah, crap! There's no pilot paper, there's no newspaper, and there's no domestic ones. Somebody help me please! Panic room! Show me now! I've got a meeting in two minutes for the love of God! It's so money-help me! Splider proof, plastic tarps for the first five rows! Come to get a lifetime! Well, 44-560-WDQAM, dying in May to lawyer, you're fired. And goal-always, Yann, a man convicted of raping and killing an 19-year-old college student in 1991, was executed by injection Friday night. Lessley Martin 35 made no final statement, but after the drugs were injected, could be seen mouthing the words, your fired was defensive to any who watched the execution. The lawyer, Clive Stafford Smith later said Martin's remarks in part of a long-running joke between the two. Right. In that cute? I like that. Way to go on running joke. Leave him smile. Oh, I got a story next to the, like, right in line with this, that's even more depressing. Martin was convicted in 1992, killing Christine and Burgon, a student at McNeese State University in Lake Charles. She was last seen alive leaving a lounge with Martin on June 20, 1991. Her decomposed body was finally two weeks later in a pump house in rural southwestern Louisiana town of Iowa. In the rural southwestern Louisiana town of Iowa, there's a town called Iowa Louisiana. Are you ready for that? No idea. So what it says, prosecutor said Martin rape, Bergen, and Strangerhood are keeping him from, uh, keep him from turning him in. And she didn't. And you know what? He's still dead. But you're fired. And right in line with that from news day comes this right to Dy activist, pretty dies. Well, that's what she wanted. Diane pretty. That's her name. A terminally a woman who fought a non-successful legal battle for the White Taver husband, Helper Commit suicide, has died. Her family said Sunday she was 43. This is in London, by the way. Pretty who suffered from motor neuron disease died Saturday. The hospice near her home in central England. Her husband Brian said, she'd been experiencing breathing difficulties for several days. Pretty who's illness left her paralyzed from the knockdown and confined to a wheelchair fought in the British courts for her husband to be guaranteed immunity from prosecution if he helped her die. Suicide is legal and Britain, but helping somebody else commit suicide is a crime punishable lap to 14 years in prison. After her case was defeated in Britain's highest courts, he went to the European Court of Human Rights and Strassport. Two weeks ago, a panel of European judges agreed with the British courts. Pretty who was diagnosed with the degenerative disease 1990, and it said she wanted the right to take her own life because she feared a very dangerous low and painful death from hisphyxiation. On Sunday, Brian pretty said his wife had to go through one thing she had foreseen and was afraid of and it was nothing I could do to help. Now he said she was free at last. Just like Martin Luther could say, free at last. She wanted to die and now she's dead. Stop the suffering. Stop the pain. Stop the agony. It's kind of like working a QAM. Stop the pain. Here is one of the most interesting stories that I've ever seen in my life. Interesting. Not the OS Spectacular. Interesting. A Florida family on Friday became the first to be implanted with computer chips that researchers hope will someday become an easy way to provide emergency room staffers with patient's medical information. Jeff and Leslie Jacobs, along with their 14 year old son, Derek had the tiny chips implanted in their arms, each chip is about the size of a grain of rice, and insertion takes about a minute under local anesthesia. The chips called the vera chip were designed by Palm Beach based applied digital solutions. There's similar to chips implanted in pets to identify them if they're lost. The family wanted the implants in case of future medical emergencies, but we're doing this as a security for us because we've worked so hard to save my husband's life, so Leslie Jacobs 46. Her 40 year old husband is suffered through cancer or car crash, a degenerative spinal condition, chronic eye disease, napdominal operations. His injuries are forced into quit his dental practice. It's been really easy and I feel a lot better than I have it. He said after the implant. The chips used by the Jacobs family contained only telephone numbers and information about previous medications. The data can be read by handheld computer and printed out. The FDA said an April letter would not regulate the implant as long as it contains no medical data. Company officials said they were free to proceed because the implant contains ID numbers that correspond to personal medical information in a separate database. The FDA did not consider the implant to be a medical device company officials said, and FDA spokeswoman and Miami did not immediately return a phone call like everybody else he's busy. The FDA had said regulation would be needed to medical records were stored to guard against storage of outdated records. Company officials hoped to eventually include more extensive information the company said it would be particularly valuable for those who suffer from Alzheimer's disease, rather as with difficulty providing medical information on their own. Very chips expected to sell for about 200 bucks to scanner used to read information contained in the chip would cost about between 1 and 3000. The chip which could also be used as a security tool as to debate over its potential security. Big brother device, the track people invade the privacy of their homes or workplaces, Jacobson and his family brush aside those arguments. Anybody can be tracked through the internet and email credit cards and cell phones they say. I think it's great. Not the one who really is a big truster in the government. I think it's a great idea. It's a nice one idea especially for your children. How come we only are doing it for pets? How come for children? That we got all these lost kids and abducted kids and all these things, huh? That's not a fact when they figure out how to do a low jack thing with it. Then it'll really be great. Yeah, but we're not going to stick it. I know I seriously think it's a great idea. Interesting stuff. But Big brother is going to come and you then they'll be the builder of our group, the trial lateral commission and the illuminati. Right. 1249 at 560 WQM 2M we don't have the tape of that where he goes and says, that's all your olio olio. That would spice up this option to be done. I'm sure he'll call again. Yeah, maybe he could do that for us crazy. Only olio olio because he doesn't like nobody else could do that. Summer time is here already even though on a counter doesn't look like it. It's 140 degrees in the shade and they say it's going to be one of the hottest summers on record if not the old time worse. He's going to be spitting your brains out. But olio beds are probably going to make you feel your best and keep you in the pink good health and sound flow. No matter how humid it is, it gets. Olio med. But I just fart real bad. I can't begin to tell you. I mean, I'm just, I'm not enjoying this one. I'll tell you. My eyes are watering. Good thing that windows open. Hmm. Yeah, maybe I can get back at him. Hey, here you go. Here's some of your own. Olio meds a soft yellow calf. So that contains pharmaceutical grade olio. Along with vitamins and minerals and robots. You won't help for your prostate for your heart, your blood pressure and your cholesterol. Olio meds also got supplements to grow and help in your circulatory system. There's a one for your digestive and interconsystem. You're skin and bones even your mind. All using the benefits of pharmaceutical grade olio. Olio meds got products for men and for you ladies out there as well. The supplements available all over town. It's an exciting new product. You pick some of the wall greens. Whole food markets, the viral pharmacy or sedan was or you can call this toll free number and they'll answer all your questions about their super products. Call toll free. One. Eight six. One. Eight six. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. Hold it. Roll another plant. Yes. Oh. Yes. La la la, la la. La la la la. Look, she's la la la la. You're la la la. You're. I was gonna clean my room. I'm still like I'm ha ha. I was gonna get up and find the broom, but then I got her Alright Let it my world You messed up And I know why Why may I get a haircut like a hat You do feel like a hat You feel like a hat Let it I theft I was gonna go to class before I got her Come on, yo I could have cheated And I could have passed But I got her Oh, I'm taking a picture And I know why Why Because I got her You feel like a hat You feel like a hat You go to class before I got her I was gonna go to class before you got her I was gonna pay my child support But then I got her Do you want to do it? I'm gonna take her to my whole paycheck And I know why Why Because I got her You go to like a hat You go to like a hat Not a theft I wasn't gonna run from the class But I was a I'm serious, man I was gonna pull right over and stop But I was a hat No, no, no, no No, no, no, no, no, no, no Why Because I got her You go to make love to you You go to like a hat I was gonna need you Pity I'm tracking it off And I know why Why Because I got her You go to like a hat I can't have no You go to like a hat You go to like a hat You go to like a hat I'm gonna mess with her In tire life I hear me cause I got hot I hear me cause I got hot I hear lost my kids in white I hear like a ha ha I sing with sing with sing with sing Let's sing it now and sing I sing in the only side Walking I know why What they did Hey, good I got hot They hear like a ha I hear like a ha I hear like a ha Let it act up down I don't stop singing this song I hear like a ha Because I'm hot I hear like a baby I'm singing this whole thing I hear like a ha I hear like a baby I hear like a baby I don't want to sell one I know why Why me you pick I'm hot I'm hot I'm hot I'm hot Are you right on me I'm hot Can you get better than Appleman I'm not a man You really are You shoot shoot You be the one Get your witness Yeah, get this 1257 at 560 WQM You're going to be here A lot of baseball talk I'm in station one in the locker Is there anything else going on Not a damn thing Any football going on? No Any hockey play option No, basketball No How about that soccer team? No They're gone A lot of baseball talk But there is no interest It's just it's first reading to me Because I keep hearing Pippippi Hellware number one We're in first place Nobody cares 7,930 on a perfectly sunny and beautiful Salt 3 day in South Florida yesterday 7,930 Against the Dodgers I'm surprised I haven't had some McRap Already a web over the Packs machine yet from Norma can Thank God Just a joke norm Save your stupid Packs is okay And roll up