Change your arches coming up next with Haggidorn. Then the mad dog, then the hammers back, Randy McMichael would join him. Pants a preview tonight the game the night 80K taking book on whether or not join Mark show up from 2 to 6 the dirty boys. Have a nice day in paradise everybody on QAM. With the sewer of this place. In place the cat and mouse game with the police. Snip her man, snipe her man, not friendly, they from a sniper man. When we getcha him he will fall and to provide the hero of his falls on a lookout. For that sniper man. Snipe her man, snipe her man. Gonna getcha, snipe her man. On your ass, Charlie moose. You have your testicles in a news lookout. There is the sniper man. She's moose to the person who left us a message. You gave us a telephone number. We do want to talk to you, call us at the number you provide. Public dialogue continue. The person you call for night here everything that you say. Call us back so that we can clearly understand. We want to get it right. Snipe you, snipe her man. He's only out for the spill of blood. When the case is finally cracked. We'll go to the fight side and scortle sack. Let go of me. Where is the sniper man? Look everywhere we can now. Where is the sniper man? 902 at 560 WQA and happy Tuesday 2. Well I tell you get a little bit of a, I'm all we did have. Don't speak too fast, a little bit of blue sky, a little bit of sunshine. And that's kind of like clouded over again. But gonna be a heat wave 43 today. End of the mall. Strong with that. Nothing. I like it. I like it myself. You feel invigorated. I don't want to keep rubbing that in. Anyway, we had a Zillion phone he votes on a poll. Mostly this morning. Well I tell ya. See it's easy to see why the bush mice just can win all these elections with phony votes because they all poor me. They're right at the end when it comes to the most. And did that. Look at that total, maybe. Oh, you people are got a great sense of humor. I'll tell you that. 1394 votes. Remember Chapsing you we might actually reach 1100. Yeah. And then we're sitting talking. I said, you know, we might actually reach 1200 with all these phony bush votes for in here and we got to almost 1400. In fact, if we were to couple minutes, we can get to even 1400. Almost 200 in like an hour. If the and they were all for bush, not that they're phony. I understand. I'm here to work there hysterical because this is such an important poll. If the 2004 presidential election pits president bush against Al Gore, I'd vote for Bush 616. Now keep in mind when I sat down here this morning at 645. 655. Bush was 8 votes ahead of Gore and it kind of lead a class night flip flop back and forth. He was 8 ahead. Now he winds up 164 and 18 is 180 votes ahead. Bush 16. Gore 436. I blow my brains out. 1606. I wouldn't vote at all 96 night leave the country 80 out of nearly 14 hundred votes. Some of which a few of which were actually for real. By the way, my best thanks to my good post personal forensic fine brig and Steve Wolf. I pump an o park who sent me something really nifty. I'm not going to flip the on the on the air. What it was. But it's not really nifty to where when I come back to town. So that can press. I was not too pleased with my. A peril. With my personal appearance with your gear. With my gear. Yeah. Don't bring him into it. Back home. So I right thanks to Dick and Steve. It'll be more and it'll be on guess who died. What you already know. Yeah. What a shame. Who's good actor all the way haven't seen him in a long time. Right. In a cone zage James Cobbard. That it's 74. And did you see what happened? That hard hard a tight. Yeah, just he was sitting at home listening to music with his wife. In Beverly Hills, California had a massive heart attack and a croaked fell right over. It was 74. He was a great actor. Yes, he was. Mr. Cobbard, one of his best supporting acting Oscar for the 1998 film. Affliction. Never saw that. Did you be there now? After overcoming a 10 year struggle with our threat is to let one hand crippled. Born in Laurel, Nebraska August 31, 1928. He studied acting in Los Angeles and would still have ever in New York. He appeared on stage in New York and insisted dramatic TV series. A studio one in GE theater in 1950s. Oh, it was for great long before you guys were born. Great live drama. Something unheard of today. Yeah, what's that? See in this business about why you old parts you live in the past. Well, part of that is true, but the fact is early TV because it was all live. Or most of it was live. It was great. Used that these live dramatic presentations. Like we just got through same playhouse 90. That was another one. It's said. And so on. Anyway, they played the side kicks and villains and cowboys and this one and that one. And he cashed it on the James Bobmania with humorous spice boosts a one arm and flint and Inlike flint. Such films as the president's analyst, which he also produced the second world world horsecape epic, the greatest scape and golden girl. It's said. In the 1980s, he all but disappeared from the screen with the onset of arthritis. He said he'd healed himself with pills that had a sulfur paste. His knuckles remained girl, a gnarled. Gnarled. Gnarled. But he said in the 1990s, interview the pain was gone. They remained gnarled. So James Coburn is dead and it just goes to show you. He's sitting there listening to music and his helmet is why he didn't have like any extraordinary thing going on. And massive heart attack and like this day. So enjoy why you can folks because one of these days you're going to be dead. Take it to the bank. There's Richard Butler Honor. He makes me sick. He makes me want a croak. Oh, and I never facts you the poll that I did. Nope. Well, it's not that hard. I'm sure Eric can handle it. Before we get all of these things, and we got a crap load of stuff. And he's speaking a crap by the way. I think, you know, we would take a pull on the worst chronic collar of all time, but it's not it's not necessary to be a waste of time. Because Dennis, who is obviously listening right now and squeezing himself here is name on a year, you are the all-time chronic. Not just on this show on every show on a restation. Didn't you tell me you heard him on NPR one day? Yes. Yes. I mean, get a life baby. I would get you squeeze those rosary beads. Do something that he would get to see if you're getting into the rambling mode. Now we need you to get to the region. We need to like to cut the side. Let me make two last point. Very quickly. One time a guy was going to make an invocation. He was pulled. Don't use the name of Jesus Christ in the invocation. But at that time, the man who was telling him that his papers blew away. And he said, oh Jesus Christ. Jesus Christ. So you can use the name of Jesus Christ. Jesus Christ. To me, as it's done all day on WQAM. You just can't use it in a prayer. Jesus Christ. Last point is when we start point now about it. There we go, then he's in the end of the night. We don't have to look any further than you know, Rogers on WQAM. Okay. But if you talk to Neil, he will tell you this part of the stick. Yeah, but you know something, a stick, one man's stick. I didn't say I agreed with it. I'm just saying that that's the answer you'll get. I know you don't agree with it Howard. And I respect you for that. And the day you started agreeing with Neil Roderagh who would listen to your show. Right. But everybody has their own stick. And my point is that WQAM, we're trying to do this. You'll be a shout out. You know, Nicker's women bitches and everything else. He forgot to do this. It's interesting that we repeat the thing. We're going to roll back yard, which is WQAM's stuff. Neil Roder's, but thank you for taking the call. Hey, Dennis, I appreciate the novel. Yeah, the novel is right. And that wasn't a very novel experience. So there's our good friend Dennis. You ought to have a regular feature on his station every day. You know what? The professional Catholic militant anti-neurodges homophobic hour. You're looking at our every day. You can pay us. You can buy the time. And you know something I bet he would do it. Yeah. A man who needs serious ass assistance. Sirious ass assistance. I know this mole is kind of mellow down a little bit. Leave it. The audience probably don't like that too much. Because the South Florida audience, they like, Hey, they like, hey, they like that. They love it. They feed on it. Now, there was an incredible experience I had yesterday channel surfing. In fact, some of your most enjoyable experiences come channel surfing. Do you have any of them, is that? Sure. Of course, when you flop upon something by accident, nothing wrong with sometimes flopping on something by accident. And I was in a middle of guiding light. No less. Which I don't know right now. It's so heavy duty. And I flip over during your commercial break to CNN and it awful talk back live. And I should just to see if the world is still spinning around and we're still going to be alive by the end of the day. And they're carrying on about how Fox News is all slanted to the far right and about Roger Ailes and Yadiyadiyada. And I got the great story on this amazing New York Daily News. And the same things that I've been saying all along. So, we'll talk about that briefly and it inspired my pool today. Also, speaking of things I've talked about for years, and I don't practice what I preach unfortunately. I'm good at talking like losing weight, but I'm not so good at doing it. Study finds Atkins died may have surprising benefit on cholesterol. And everybody in their brother now, including that doctor, Gupta, on CNN this morning, they're, uh, counting Atkins died. How do you like that? And telling you the same, didn't I say years ago that brought my cholesterol and triglycerides weigh down? Gupta. That's what I just said. I know I like say that. Gupta, doctor, doctor, Gupta. Yeah. Don't say, Gupta, what that stuff again? Okay, because then more, say, she's crazy. Okay, if he says it. It's okay if he says it. It's okay if he says it, Dennis. Because then it's not blasphemed. And anyway, here's our poll question today. Which TV network slants the news the most? And I listed them here in alphabetical order. Eric said oughta be very easy for you. Which TV network slants the news the most? Ready? Ready. ABC. CBS. CNN. Fox. MSNBC. NBC. None of them or all of them. What am I, nifis and pull again? As we touch all of the bases, you know? Even very bonds never touch all the bases the way we do on this show. Which TV network slants the news the most? ABC. CBS. CNN. Fox. MSNBC. NBC. None of them or all of them. Got a heavy plate today. Got a lot of stuff. Of course, we might have to take a couple of calls just to pacify the, you know, the call of the show. I might have to take a few of those today. Maybe you can call. Huh? Maybe Dennis will call. Well, you'll see how long that call will last. Do not call us again, Dennis. Okay. Call all the other shows. See how long you're going to be on here. Evidently mole. More likes the chronic. It kills him good time. He's catching on. But don't waste your efforts calling here again. Because the calls. Oh, and it was my fault. Was it yesterday? What day was it that he called with that crap about to? How come you're afraid to talk to people to see weed? Always either starts out with that or can we talk about anything? Which, of course, trans they affect the very first day. I started taking calls again. That must have been the day that he was filming at the mouth. Can you imagine the excitement? He was probably probably had both hands in his back home. Huh? Are you a thing so? Oh, yeah. He was squeezing himself. He was so excited. Can we talk about anything? Oh, sure. Well, what is going to be catholic church or homophobia or both? Which one's going to be Dennis? Get some help, okay? Like I've been telling us audience for years. There are no callers. There are smattering of real callers. And generally speaking, the base of it is about to same 50 to 100 misfits. No lives. People with no life at all who wait for not only a few minutes, but for hours and hours on hold. Just for their few minutes of fame or seconds of fame on a year. And that took by play this morning. That was only a very small part, which is why I'm always getting agitated. There was like a novel on a year. Like, get to the point. Get with it. Okay? You idiot. Problem at Saturday 9 at 5. 60 WQ. I'm looking at Eric Waste. The no time boy. Look at that. He's already got that up there. He is on top of it, baby. He loves having all those of all those Zidian hits on a website. What does he make about 100th of a cent for each one? A thousand. I think he's got to share it with Carlos Nuckus. Carlos is threatening to take over the website. That's the rumor I'm hearing. Twelve minutes after 9 at 5. 60 W. Something to augment at meager paycheck. He gets from QA once in a couple of months. Check out Drag Concepts website. www.dragconcept.com. You'll see exactly what it is that they do for you. I've been explaining to you for over 20 years on this show. In fact, there were a long-standing sponsors on this program. Why? Because I've been using them in my home for that long. They do a spectacular and beatable job at Clean Eurek. Don't only your carpets, but your drapery and your furniture or your orial rugs. They do water damage restoration if you've got pet odors. Like, I have in my house. Thanks to that little dog. They do a super job. I'm making them go away. And when I tell you they drag clean your carpets. What it really boils down to is they make them look just like brand new. When they get done, your carpets are drying a couple of hours. They smell lemony fresh. And it looks just like he had brand new laid on the floor and carpeting too. And with the holidays coming and all those guests coming at time, you're going to want everything and look at in tip top shape. So do the smart thing. And don't forget to give you a written guaranteed price. Before they start to job for you. So there's no a rip off. No sad story at the end of the game. Pick up that thing and call them pull free from anywhere. 1-800-248-5071. And if you never used to be for regular T.O.B. Shocked at least to pin this job they do for it a guaranteed fair price every time. 1-800-248-5071. Clean today and retain tonight. Not just an advertising slogan or really is their business. Add dry concepts. My high-ranking law. This is sports-renowned by city law. For the way to convey a kill in the coal. Here. Jesus Christ. Oh, there is a girl in petro-wide jeez. A girl who said, ways are torn. And she's living with the women at the funny place of ice. In the house of the ladies, we all stand. When she was young at a restaurant with a boy, he didn't know that she was gay. And if you noticed, each time they went out, she went for the seafood buffet. Just look at all those his die. Just look at her. Just look at what they have done. The woman, she comes home from work to the door. Well, half her parents, she's come. She laid it down. To stop publishing the rosy bag. Let the laid off staff not paid. And rosy's girlfriend, who's pregnant. Right now, I guess she just only got laid. There is a girl with extra wide jeez. And her jeez, she's become petrogels by the name of rosy old jeez. In the house of the ladies, we all stand. Don't be picking on her die because then I'll get upset again. No need. No need about that. That's right. I'm going to get upset. I'm going to get upset. I'm going to get upset. I'm going to get upset. I'm going to get upset. I'm going to get upset. I'm going to get upset. I'm going to get upset. I'm going to get upset. I'm going to get upset. I'm going to get upset. I'm going to get upset. I'm going to get upset. I'm going to get upset. I'm going to get upset. I'm going to get upset. I'm going to get upset. I'm going to get upset. I'm going to get upset. I'm going to get upset. I'm going to get upset. I'm going to get upset. I'm going to get upset. I'm going to get upset. I'm going to get upset. I'm going to get upset. I'm going to get upset. I'm going to get upset. I'm going to get upset. I'm going to get upset. I'm going to get upset. I'm going to get upset. I'm going to get upset. I'm going to get upset. I'm going to get upset. I'm going to get upset. I'm going to get upset. I'm going to get upset. I'm going to get upset. I'm going to get upset. I'm going to get upset. I'm going to get upset. I'm going to get upset. I'm going to get upset. I'm going to get upset. I'm going to get upset. I'm going to get upset. I'm going to get upset. I'm going to get upset. I'm going to get upset. I'm going to get upset. I'm going to get upset. I'm going to get upset. I'm going to get upset. I'm going to get upset. I'm going to get upset. I'm going to get upset. I'm going to get upset. I'm going to get upset. I'm going to get upset. I'm going to get upset. I'm going to get upset. I'm going to get upset. I'm going to get upset. I'm going to get upset. I'm going to get upset. I'm going to get upset. I'm going to get upset. I'm going to get upset. I'm going to get upset. I'm going to get upset. I'm going to get upset. I'm going to get upset. I'm going to get upset. I'm going to get upset. I'm going to get upset. I'm going to get upset. I'm going to get upset. I'm going to get upset. I'm going to get upset. I'm going to get upset. I'm going to get upset. I'm going to get upset. I'm going to get upset. I'm going to get upset. I'm going to get upset. I'm going to get upset. I'm going to get upset. I'm going to get upset. I'm going to get upset. I'm going to get upset. I'm going to get upset. I'm going to get upset. I'm going to get upset. I'm going to get upset. I'm going to get upset. I'm going to get upset. I'm going to get upset. I'm going to get upset. I'm going to get upset. I'm going to get upset. I'm going to get upset. I'm going to get upset. I'm going to get upset. I'm going to get upset. I'm going to get upset. I'm going to get upset. I'm going to get upset. I'm going to get upset. I'm going to get upset. I'm going to get upset. I'm going to get upset. They were outside the cabin. They said you should be unfair. I thought you had upset. Excuse me. was upset. Everyone is not upset. What is it being there is that you are done. you. That's it. Let's see if it's upset. It's believing only that people have to ask. buy us on CNN? No. Of them being anti-Semitic, which you probably enjoy. They're not in automatic. They're apologists. All of them 14. Yeah, right. Yeah. Right. Well, here goes changing again. Right in the midstream. I don't have time for this Fox 33 CBS 26. All of them 21 CNN 20 ABC 6 MSNBC 2 NBC 2 and none of them zero zero nobody says none of them. Here's a Q facts. As for yesterday's poll, most of my votes I blew my brains out were from Palm Beach as strong Haven for Gore. Apparently when the mouse pointed what they thought was Gore, they had inadvertently voted for I blew my brains out. I smelled Catherine Harris. That's cute. I like it. I think we can all smell her. Yeah. About 10 miles away that bitch. Oh, that's right. The congresswoman Catherine Harris or whatever it must be is. Roger Aels, a key media advisor to Republican presidential candidates before we became a hard charging head of Fox News in 1996. Did I yesterday that he crossed the line in the offer political advice to President Bush after 9.11. Aels wouldn't release a copy of a memo he sent to White House political strategist Carl Roe, but insisted his message was incorrectly described by journalist Bob Woodward in his new book, Bush at war. According to Woodward Aels' note which Roe took to Bush had to be confidential because the Fox News had was not supposed to be giving political advice. His back channel message, the American public would tolerate waiting and would be patient, but only as long as they were convinced that Bush was using the harshest measures possible and response to the terror attacks Woodward rights. Aels tried to shoot down the implication that he had advised the President just as he counseled Bush's father in his 8892 runs for the White House. In the days following 9.11 our country came together in nonpartisan support for the President Aels said in a statement during that time I wrote a personal note to White House staff member as a concert American citizen expressing my outrage over the attacks on our country to not give up my American citizenship to take this job. If the report is accurately crossed the line, his first responsibility is to his audience not to his President said Andrew Tindall who's Tindall report tracks TV news coverage. Woodward appeared to soften the impact of his report saying though it's through his publisher that Aels called him and there's no dispute between them. It's a non issue at this point added the very meeting mouth Woodward is stuck by his reporting. Unlike many TV news personalities who once worked in politics Aels 62 at time straddled in two worlds. The media guru on Richard Nixon's Victoria's Presidential campaign in 68 he later advised GOP candidates for the House and Senate while serving as executive producer of tomorrow and B.C. Light Knight interview show with Tom Snyder. In 1992, I'm preparing a TV show featuring Rush Limbaugh, Aels claimed he was out of politics and said his contract with the program Barton from political counseling, however he privately urged Bush's reelection campaign to get tough and help the President prepare his acceptance speech at the Republican convention. Except for MSNBC editor-in-chief Jerry Nachman, the heads of competing that worse to find a comment yesterday, expressing outrage over 9.11 is a very different story of truth than suggesting Aels was offering advice on policy or tactics at not men who's also the host of issue on MSNBC. Another broadcast is expected that if CNN chairman of Water Isaacson or ABC News President David Weston, since such a memo, people will be clamoring for the resignation. I think like that is that his dear TV news. So rise your aels you out of the closet, baby. You're not pulling too many. Except those right wing sick offense who are just sucking up what you're given him anyway. 9.27 at 5.16 WQAM Tom Layman and Halit Patti at GMC they're added again, maybe they've tried to announce the great Neil Rogers Neil Deal 0% to sale. You got that? I see this is that piece of copy again where Tom tries to see how many times he can get my name into the copy. I think it's 600. That's right, you heard right with a proof credit from GMAC, you can get zero down payment and zero percent financing on all 2002 and 2003 Patti ECMC models plus zero payments for 90 days, or you can take a rebate of up to five grand, and as always at Halit and zero hassles, don't forget to mention you heard about the Neil Deal on Save Even More when you go down to Halit, check out the complete line of GMC SUVs why did they include the on-boi, voted by Motor Trend as the SUV, the or plus the big gas gutling Pontiac vibe. That's got the power of a big fancy fancy sports car and as always you find a great selection of dependable, use car trucks and SUVs and like I tell you every single time I talk about these folks, these are this is a dream for dead beats. And for other people too, but I mean it's great because even if you have marginal credit, even if you have lousy credit, even if you want to new Greg Reed, they'll still cut your deal at Halit Pontiac. And don't forget right now it's the great Neil Deal 0% sale at Halit Pontiac, 134.01 South Dixie Highway that you us want to cross from the falls open every day seven days a week. For more information called the Neil Deal Hotline at 1 AAA 534 42 11. That's 1 AAA 534 42 11 Halit Pontiac GMC who definitely say we be professional great. Time to get it on. She majors today need choices that reflect the reality of their complex life. Abstimence is often preached but is really not realistic in today's society. And same-sex encounters are uncomfortable for most boys and girls. What's a team to do? Technical versions of America has the answer in the butt. A way you can technically still be a virgin and enjoy a rich and satisfying internet relationship in the butt of boys unwanted pregnancies, but still a force fund for both parties. So the next time you're ready to strip down for action, remember the motto of the technical virgin everything but technical versions of America offering alternatives for the ladies team. Up to five. I'm 33 a bug up a butt out guilty. 1933 a 560 WQM. Look at the votes we got on here 7,000 votes. 186 which team that works to science the lowest the most. Fotch 56 CBS 39 all of them 37 CNN 31 which are still do you understand that? No not at all. I mean that's part of their reputation. See in the course the Fox people are with sin. Oh I'll see you in his day as that liberal slant on the nude. Now see CBS yes we do know that we know that Dan's a good liberal boy which is why I watch the news every night. I like a little let's slant. You follow what I'm saying? Yeah CNN 31 and BC 12 which Tom work on he don't I can't understand what he's saying. So how do I know if he's slanting it or not? ABC 8 Peter Jennings a little I would say well that's the George Will network anyway. Very much to the right MSNBC 2 nobody watches them none of them one they find a got one for none of them. As we know if I got that done a few things what did I tell you days and days ago here it is done a few most likely to exit stage level get to that eventually from USA today. Now that caught you got on there in Orlando what are the odds because I got so much important stuff here today Carlos what are the odds that's like gonna be a good call. About 5% because the first guy and he was not it wasn't spectacular but he brought up a good point to brought something to our attention that needs to be addressed isn't it? Yes they don't forget to put a stamp on it. Here's Orlando hello. I add something to that Neil. Okay. They got a marlin baseball game from May Dylan in there won the break like two days ago. She was far away storm mining Jesus Christ. Anyway, I go today. Let me start out with Dennis is a major asshole because you're informative and entertaining you find out a bunch of information and I hope you answer this question for me you and Miami market in 1981 correct 81 yes. You're real radio page with all the old radio bits. I found one last night. I remember WMYQ I don't remember i95 I found that but there was a station that went off the air in 81 yeah 96 x and they lost their license the FCC took it away. Do you have any knowledge of that or can you enlighten me? Yeah they were running bogus contest and it lost their license 96 x but I'm not sure is that what did that become power? Yeah 96 x 5. Yeah that's not sure what was it. That became power and I know I'm asking George not you because obviously you're here you know. Yeah it became power 96. Oh I think well there's a bit on there what them do in the fine often it was charter broadcasting. Yeah they do a whole bunch of bogus contest and they finally yanked their license. Oh thank you very much. And have a great day. You do now. And thanks for the surprise how do you like that now there was a guy ahead of a little something to say I hear an echo on these calls today though you notice that? I don't hear it. I don't know not now but on a call I heard an echo well if you don't hear it I'm happy that's all I care about whether it's on a year or not. 7 year old reports rock and baby sitter. Coventin Luziana oh don't you love Coventin Luziana one of my favorite plays there been there and they mean either but just the sound of it you know. Isn't there also a Coventin Kentucky yesterday is? A baby sitter with five children in her car was arrested for drunk and driving after she passed out at a restaurant and one of the kids is 7 year old girl used a cell phone to call 9-11 Linda her Aber 40 of Pickey on Mississippi oh yeah Pickey on Mississippi don't you love them French other names like in Luziana and Mississippi? What? I'm laughing. There's something about the whole Creole thing you know. Yep. When they throw all that crap in there you know what are the Oprah okay John. They slice up a little Oprah's just jamming the pot. Linda Aber 40 of Pickey on Mississippi was found slumped over to steering wheel Sunday and the car was still running said where the car was the same. Tamony Perish Sheriff's office said the children were not heard. Aber's blood alcohol level registered 0.27 on a breath test. But over the 0.10 limit the report he's saying. WP said they had to use pepper spray when Aber became combatant of insure maim jailed on Monday. Two of the children ages five and nine were Aber as the others 46 and seven were left in a care by a woman who expected Aber to keep them in Pickey and more than 20 miles from the inner state 12 restop near Cometon where the car was found. A pastor by the restop led to 70 year old call for help at 30 said it sounds almost a little bit like Susan Smith's. You know what I'm saying? Not that anybody died but the Susan was kind of like wandering around out driving planning what she was going to be doing. Wounding around all over town and of course your kids wind up. Drown. Democrats question items in homeland bill and this is what I've made. I alluded to yesterday when I got caught myself in a middle-led story that was talking about the homeland building sign. Not so fast. Not so fast. The bill creating a department of homeland security ran into a new hurdle yesterday when Republican Senator John McCain announced he would side with Democrats on a keyboard yet today the script seven special entry provisions from the bill passed last week by the GOP Lighthouse. And I'm going to tell you something if this country, if the US and A were full of people are really were activists in in-win and like aware of what that was going on around them. There'd be people marching in the streets in protest. Here we keep being told that all while homeland security this is the number one priority and yet all of the pork they got in there. I guarantee even fast boy never saw so much pork. I don't support a process where the House of Representatives throws a major piece of legislation over to the sentences goodbye McCain said McCain switches well as the uncertain votes of a handful of Democratic senators independent dean Berkeley of Minnesota they make believe senator left the bills passage in doubt. If the provisions are killed from the bill the House which left town last week would need to return to negotiate the differences in the bills and pass a compromise of one can be reached and that drooling idiot from Texas that field gram. Every time I see him on TV that the expression immediately comes to mind drooling idiot. Wow we got to get this thing. Thank God he's out he's done. The bill if enacted would create a hundred and seventy thousand employee department dedicated to fighting domestic terrorism Republicans in the House and the provisions of legislation before was passed their last week they stuck in the pork. This whole line security bill the bill a president supported was 35 pages long the bill an I've been asked to vote on Monday or Tuesday is 484 pages long filled with special interest legislation loaded up by the House Republicans in the last few days since senator Chris dot o Connecticut and sent some ACB s's face donation how come nobody talks about him right now for president. Don't know I like Chris down a lot. Of course is daddy had a few problems but what's that got to do with him I think he'd be good. Sure better now go or by a long shot. Laws he's a maybe a little bit too intellectual for the American public you know it too smart they like somebody more like Fredo you know. Republicans defend the provisions as legitimate say they pertain to homeland security for example they say new liability protectors are needed to encourage companies to develop new anti-terrorism technologies several Republicans said that Democrats raise the objection because they want to see the bill enacted. House majority with the anxious time delay Republican of Texas issued a statement saying House Republicans should return to Washington take on the Senate Democrats especially senator majority later Tom dashal to South Dakota. The provisions as described by dashals office would do the following. In act new liability protected for pharmaceutical companies that for the vaccines they make got a Senate amendment that would prohibit the government from signing contracts with companies that move their headquarters offshore where they don't have to pay US taxes you following these now. Okay. Provide liability protection for airports screening companies create a whole man security research center program at US university and a US university Democrats legislation is written such a ways to create the center at Texas A&M University in Texas from to some powerful GOP lawmakers and Bush including the U.S. Drilling Phil Graham of Texas. Provide liability protection for the TSA or for the our to companies that sell anti-terrorism technologies or products erect barriers to the TSA for the issuance of some security rules for travelers and allow the Department of Homeland Security to hold advisory committee meetings in secret a move democracy is a gift to corporate lobbyists all this has to do again is with big business that's what the Republican party is all about is big religion big business and that's it and guns huh you forgot repression freedom of speech well that's that's all part of it but I'm just talking about what the people behind them that's what it's all about big business and if all of you people out there if you're all involved in big business if that's where your livelihoods come and from then by all means you should be supporting this crap but other than that which is means the middle people and little people most of the rest of everybody this is a disgrace talking out of both sides of the rest on a one hand oh we gotta have passage to this and the president needs this a bill I was 35 pages long becomes 484 pages long for all the pork they stuck in there and then they're belly it can about how the Democrats are holding up the passage of it to the hell are you people kidding unfortunately obviously a lot of people that's the sad part that's the sad part because you ask the average american person about this and they're gonna say just like that you're good just like that if you're running to Greg and a haul say how you doing Greg he's gonna go just like that well you saying homeland security good we need that bill pay dummy up I'm getting late here I'm getting behind the times 942 at 560 WQA if you love your home but you just don't have enough space for all the things you need to be doing do what hundreds of other people are doing smart people and George too cost strictly additions whether you're having a baby need another room if you're converting your car porter a patio and living space if you're going to the business for yourself and want to make a home or a physical our good friends at strictly additions because they're super there you're one stop shop more space for your place place with an absolutely positively worry for your approach to expanding your living space you've heard about no shows by the contract as these folks will ever do that in complete work no chance no unexpected bills no worries about the job marketing done writer finish and they take care of every last detail they drop your blueprints they get the building permits and all the inspections for you strictly additions has got that easy five different approach total customer satisfaction write it down on your wrist first they call the schedule a free project evaluation appointment write it your home where project estimator will determine the scope of your edition number two schedule a bit of women there convenient sure more you get a detailed proposal in an exact price for the work third select your finishing touches go to contract numero four review the design and architectural drugs and fifth last but not least sit back and relax as your dream edition move the head on schedule with unbeatable quality easy is one two three your third editions of call nine five four seven nine one eight one hundred their license they're in shared professionals who do a super job for you you can check them out in the yellow pages if you like and they serve all the brown and south pombies county tell that old meal and pity lanyse inch a buy for a super job every time at strictly editions call them five four seven nine one eighty one hundred they buddy have a heart or a liver before you head out on your next geha make sure you're getting the Palestinian weapon of choice the west bank 44 magnum semi automatic rock the 44 magnum rock is specially designed with very sharp edges for maximum damage at very close throwing range the west bank 44 magnum semi-coloured enemy's ducking for cover before even release your throw once you feel the weight of the west bank you'll never use another rock again get yours today was a nice last the west bank 44 magnum available at the blown up west bank building in you here just tells because cancer wagons nine forty six and five sixty wq a m which TV network slants the news the most 250 votes some of these might even be real you think no couple fox 79 all of them 45 I shouldn't have put all of them on your own because that's an easy out it's a cop-out as opposed to like making a real choice CBS 44 cnn 41 and vc 33 and it just changed again on me I hate that fox eighty all of them forty eight CBS 44 cnn 42 and vc 36 ABC 12 and a cbc four none of them one cms and bc's only got four you might know why why because nobody watches it oh could that be it so even if they did slant the news even if they were like ultra liberal or like whatever it hell they were at the even if they had like a bit swastika on the screen no matter what they were it would make any difference because nobody watches MSNBC and I mean nobody I watch it how do you like that at least sometimes I watch a good show fill head with Michael more and I was the only good show we had but nevertheless I was lucky enough to see that and once in a while I see not many when I want to see somebody it's better than I am and feel better about myself and I do like what's his name Lester Holt you like him whoop Lester Holt the news anchor guy he's good I don't want to miss anything get out of here you don't know who Lester Holt is so I bet you Carlos knows who that is if I saw a probably new but the never you both you're going back okay get out of an an about you're both going back and I do what's this NBC and you don't know who Lester Holt is he's like a light-complicated black guy I think I do now he's got a great deep voice come on get out of here Lester Holt's a damn good news reader I'm not saying he's a great journalist by any stress because but he's a good news reader guy kind of like you know I'm lucky that he was lost he had no idea what was going on just think of the script list you're doing day I like him there's a few things are like an MSNBC and especially that two to four in my close personal friend Pat Buchanan and the bill press can you out I just still can't believe I'm saying that about Pat Buchanan I like this show I just like to show and on a lot of issues Pat is much sure he's right on target I hate to say that too did you hear me say that I know I'm right that you didn't hear me say I just thought you thought you heard me say that secret court speaking of fascism secret court okay is broad wire tap powers oh my god exactly in a victory for the bush administration a secret of appeals court yesterday ruled the US government as the right to use expanded powers to wire tap terrorism suspects out of a law adopted after the 911 attacks you know terrorism suspects like George and Carlos who don't know who Lester Holt is you better know your Lester Holt Mr because you sure don't the ruling was a blow to civil libertarians who say the expanded powers which allow greater I'm going to tell you right now I want somebody to call in who knows who Lester Holt is before I continue this story now it's definitely not going to be this called as they were already on or Miami here Miami hello okay let's not not one call on the board there's nobody watches MSNBC five six seven oh and that guy's worth it dentist by the way the one I was just on there that met idiot yes he is WQAN you know you're not thinking he's a good news anchor no okay but at least he knew who it was WQAN asshole WQAN Lester Holt line hey Lester Holt's great man I listen to him a lot and he always has that guy on from the army doing the you know the with a man yeah the strategic stuff a lot of war and all that yeah yeah what's not to light okay thanks there was a Phil Donnie calling it's not gonna save your job Phil too late sorry Phil you're out remember the godfather you're out Tom maybe I can help you're out WQAN you believe that every line is flashing in the one where I pick up there's nobody on it QAN hello yeah yeah I listen I'm a big MSN he's taller yeah you know like Chris Matthew what did you say you don't like Chris Matthew okay I hate Chris Matthews I mean once it a great while he'll do something it makes sense but he's he's an idiot you're left to hold okay and the thing I think I hate about Chris Matthews is he'll ask against a question and while a guy's trying to answer the question he's like starting to talk again like after the guy's is like three words yeah well yeah yeah I don't like Chris Matthews he makes very skin problem yeah I like Nora O'Donnell though be if she's a divest okay she's okay how do you like this we found some people I guarantee the fox people may hate us but the MSNBC people like us the only problem with that is there are no MSNBC people see how it is to be in a minority we got to make a coalition of all the minorities you know the people with one the finger up their ass and the people with the the left handed people and the you see what I'm saying yeah all the minorities like the phobodies with an IQ larger than their thumb size yeah I got this story about the Alabama judge I got that just relax look at the look at the writing on this knee I don't know if you just calm down okay relax I got it I'm on top of it I got a pile here all the way up to the guy at the MC link so what was the verdict on Lester hole Lester hole line hello yes sir what is it what do you say Faggot yeah Faggot oh I didn't know Lester was gay WDQAM yeah I listen to Lester hole I think you see that one I was my see and I'm going over to envy the amount of more on a partial basis yeah replaced at stick in Tom Brokeh what at bad speech the Faggot Lester hole's got a great voice it does a great voice because that's himself while just don't know what his policies are but don't really carry exactly and you know something that's good that we don't know what are you not to when a guy's anchoring the news you're not supposed to know what his policies are exactly okay thanks and what's the frequency Kenneth oh sorry Dan I do like Dan rather but what is the frequency you know no the ruling was a blow to civil libertarians who say the expanded powers which log greatly weighing conducting electronics surveillance and in using information obtained from the Wartabson searches jeopardized constitutional rights and a 56 page ruling over turning a man opinion by the secret for an intelligence surveillance court the you know that there was a secret for an intelligence court I had no idea do now not even not ten o'clock in you learned something already the three judge of pia plus who Lester hole is the three judge of pialescore panels of the paitry back in the government the right to expanded powers that that's the way patriot act sweeping anti-terror legislation called the was a patriot I consented law and October last year after the hijack plane attacks makes it easier for investigators and prosecutors prosecutors to share information obtained by surveillance and searches in the may ruling the seven judges that can prize the foreign intelligence surveillance court unanimously told the government had gone too far and interpreting the law to allow brought information sharing the justice to be hard and appeal saying the order limited the kind of coordination needed to protect national security attorney general john ascrop tell yesterday's ruling and said he was immediately implementing new regulations and working to expedite these surveillance processes they're watching you guys I'll tell you that Jordan Carlos okay and Julio they're watching you the court of reviews action revolutionizes our ability to investigate terrorist and prosecute terrorist attacks ascrop said this decision does allow law enforcement officials to learn from intelligence officials and vice versa civil liberties groups with his urge the repeals court the appeals court comprised of three appeals court judges named by Supreme Court chief justice William Rancoyst to uphold the court to slander ruling we are deeply disappointed with the decision which suggests that this special court exists only to rubber stand government applications for in two severe surveillance war said and be seen of the ACL and you the groups had argued that private governments surveillance powers would violate the fourth amendment which protects against unreasonable searches and seizures but the appeals court said the procedures are required of the foreign intelligence surveillance act and they were reasonable we think the procedures and government's choice required of the FISA if they did not meet the minimum fourth amendment war and standard certainly come close the judges wrote in the ruling which was partially declassified and published we therefore firmly believe that FISA is amended is constitutional because the surveillance is it authorizes our reasonable how you like that broad wire tap powers anybody in there they're going to be watching you man literally they got a camera right up here back to yes to make sure who's being naughty and nice but that's what goes because we're fighting that war on tear you know just forget about all that pork that they try to stick on it to in that bill the whole man security bill right all the pork all the time it's getting it's getting to the point now they're trying to stick so much extra crap in here America American what America's the one is right now if I can find it I think we got pork up the bite is what we got you're on sin with what they're trying to do that whole mind security bill America's stuck with pork up the bite and that's not good that's not a good thing that's what the president said which TV network stands the news the most we asked in our very very popular poll on the arrages dot com today which we're getting a just a foaming at the mouth response 300 16 votes now how many do you think are we all about 20 maybe Fox 92 all of them 55 CNN 53 CBS 50 NBC 47 ABC 14 the George Will Network MSNBC 4 and none of them one 4 MSNBC I think what they should do to get an audience they should just put a bunch of people on them maybe don't you if you can once it and just go and like that you know in front of the camera don't you think I bigger your great idea think they could use a news flasher if they had people are channel surfing and they saw people like that and waiting their arms you know frantically and flap in their eyelids I would sure cause a lot of people to stop clicking the channel for a second and you know and see what this is all about maybe funny hats I don't think so now funny hats one of the funny hats on addition to go look at that away from their arms and maybe like some patch Adams noses could not hurt maybe clear about the clown noses and also the little horn clear bell had you know right little squeaker there you want to get some attention MSNBC you're gonna have to resort to some very drastic measures because nobody is watching your network as Harvey pack used to say nobody had the pick six at least not legally anyway 95560 WCN the mad dog's coming to one hank is back in town of three with our windman between uh four and five and my name on my name is Michael at five to six George uh what is that George Michael Panthusico Pranthor previous seven to seven thirty to Panthers at Atlanta seven thirty any k after the hockey game from g a and join mark overnight thanks giving baby is coming any day just a few days away everyone's flocking to be home together again gathered around the table with delicious homemade food and family traditions after all it's not the turkey that makes the meals special it's the people and the stuffing in the kishki getting ready for the hungry guests can be a real stressful theater the deal especially if they're staying overnight if you're having a hospital for Thanksgiving let Dalamacres make your holiday preparations a little bit easier now's the time to call him at one eight hundred metrison get that new macrosin be for the house guest arrived if they already told you that they're coming or even if you don't hear from him till the night before Dalamacres can deliver right into your house a top quality ceiling surdu sims or king crow macros the same day if you're what i said i said house who i'm starting to get a little Canadian a and notice that i've been sleeping on a Dalamacres for years for a coonzege mo and let me tell you called Dalamacres right now at one eight hundred macros and talk turkey with a vetting console that you're from the very best mattresses that even better price of Jesus Christ you can rest easy this next giving over that everybody is sleeping like a baby so give it to the holidays right now by calling one eight hundred mattress that's one eight hundred mattit r a s for Dalamacres brand name bed same day service call them obviously can like a baby tonight tell them that old meal and fat boy be sure and tell them that twenty to call one eight hundred macros you a m i know that the lord even loves neorodges but i'll new york state to California oh where to use to scare you on the screen oh face made you stare in wonder and say i'm glad that eight me cosmetic surgery with what she had attention that surgery did some things i'd rather not mention right now body lifted up those eyes stretch your face back and place not today it's got to be safe where the you wait half bed you were once in a bag up and so stir i love you where the you wait half bed you look so new you look so new you she still is like crap to me i'll pay that ten or three five sixty w q a m Alabama chief justice told her to move ten commandments from building that's her it all right my coming Alabama a ten commandments monument in the rotunda of Alabama's judicial building violates the constitutions ban on government promotion of religion a federal judge ruled yesterday oh you asked this great judge my rent Thompson gave Alabama chief justice rye more who had the fifty three hundred pound grand at monument installed in the state building thirty days to remove it more testified during the trial that the commandments are the moral foundation of american law he said the monument acknowledges god but doesn't force anyone to follow this conservative Christian religious beliefs right alasu seeking removal of the monument argued that it promoted the judges faith and violation of the constitutions ban on government establishment of religion this is a question of whether they politically powerful can impose their views on others sudden poverty law senator uh attorney Daniel lipa or are you doing the trial before Thompson more testified he decided locate a monument to the ten commandments in the building shortly after he was elected chief justice November 2000 the monument which features the king James Bible version of ten commandments sitting on top of a granted block is one of the first things visitors see upon entering the building how do you like that i don't how do i'm buddy lost and then of course one of this like i said the listener just told me at the mouth packed me this length i'm glad i had the true version of the story the lengthy one for the New York times which i appreciate your faction it but it just goes on and on and on and on and it does say in Alabama there's no underresting the popularity of religion and defiance while fundamentalist incanses lost their battle for creationism and supporters of organized school prayer were defeated in Texas evangelical Christians still set the agenda here in Alabama with a banjo on their knee this is the state after all were high school science books have stickers on them saying evolution is just a theory just is more tap right now there's becoming a figure had the movement pushing for more religion in public life they fifty five it's what it's called is religious intolerances what it's called trying to shove it down your throat and a religion too that's what we despise on this program most about intolerant assholes okay try to shove their views on everything right down your throat making an offer you can't refuse my way my way or the highway dentist a good example fact maybe dentist ought to move to Alabama huh i wouldn't wish that even on them oil content to castlets over here we don't cut the them kind down here i'll tell you that right now mister we'll send your ass right up the god damn cool wants you remember to entry eat i can just see dentist up there in the woods you know just like Ned Bady come on sweet like a pig dentist fat boy spoiled they fifty five year old judge former ranch hand and kickboxer bang does radio shows helps raise money for evangelical groups and travels roads near and far and his old blue Cadillac from one of his unique blend of church and state today's decision was held by civil liberties groups has proved that there are limits just as more was elected to administer justice doctor service of religious ministers had Richard Cohen general counsel of the southern poverty law center one of the parties that suit last month to have the ten commandments removed just as more's lawyers said the federal courts were confused he vowed to appeal the ruling and on a goes so there you go just as more losers but they'll continue appealing all over the Supreme Court and then god only knows god only knows go start the city for my finger slip what's going to happen there with these supreme which network on tv slants the news the most Roger Ailes which one could it be all that alzia huh see how they're you weren't fooling anybody at the point might you may even fool him a few people but you sure's how weren't fooling me she was just a doing her duty that's all as a goose stepping member of the fox organization to call on strip a bunch of crap about the show and have a whole bunch of people who don't even listen to this show like a store in the pot people who don't even listen to the people that are heard of me or this show oh he's a racist and then that like i said at the time the irony of it is that those people are far far from being like uh civil liberties champions yeah to say the best some of those are the same people that were like lynching black people like uh you know five minutes ago but right away they got to come to the aid of condolese and colon pal because there are house negro say that's that's what it's all about alino said colon he's a little hot water he's still in the pot a little bit too much which and is the current's Thomas learned if you're smoking a little bit that's okay as long as you're one of them if you're stupid then you got a real problem how many votes we got 7000? 364 haha he knew much of what kind of a total we're going to have tomorrow on his pole can't wait how much we have at least a hundred real votes which TV network slants the news the most fox 116 all of them 68 CNN 58 CBS 53 NBC 49 ABC 14 small potatoes MSNBC 5 and another one i guess if they figure MSNBC stands in news that's to the left right certainly not right right because other than pat you cannon a Chris Matthews he's all over the place he just makes me heal i remember that one day i came in and i was cheering what was on one of those ones then it forms in front of those collars kids and he was raiding against the war and invading Iraq i mean i have to agree with what he was saying but he did a great job always the idea john macanon oh and we let him have it the for a few minutes there he did a great job so Chris Matthews like i said is all over the place but about 90% of the time i can't stand him which is not a particularly good batting average he don't sing now some people would say well i'm sure he don't care about that he cares about everybody because when you got as few people watching his MSNBC does they can't afford to lose any of us here's a call from home Hollywood hello yes sir i know who a survival is he's one of the lead pitchman for general electric we bring big war to life yeah definitely part of the military industrial complex i haven't owed to the forties that a nifty math there though you got to like that man oh it's beautiful graphics from nation wow it looks so good and you have a paper here if you have a tv when they start dropping a bombs it's going to look like on drop right in the middle of your living room positively or gasmic i live the war i lived it it's it's it's sad but true especially when you really it's no longer journalism it's really public relations if it was journalism we'd hear something about Mike reeland the guy's been who was locked up in Canada who has been in the service here that the maybe even admitted he was with them you can google Mike reeland and have a day of oh my god yeah it's the r e l a n d but it's a very interesting story it's reported in Canada doesn't make it down here for some of them oh there's a lot of stuff reported here that don't make it there and it's but it's about us i mean it's a 9 11 it's at the core of 9 11 and well keep in mind that Mike on the more had to come up here to film that bullying for colombie movie had to come up here to film it there's nobody would uh finance it down there it's like it's like occupied florida is what it's especially when you see in the past week that it's reported that sure there's going to be about 200 to 250 thousand troops going to Iraq but there's also going to be about 265 thousand reservist and national guard called up to be deployed mostly in the u.s. to patrol the airport and to do anything else that terrorism might be there knocking on you to right now is a matter fact not yet sir but i do have a note to the fourth of them at real quick when Johnny comes marching through your house to raw he'll treat you worse than a little he don't mouse to raw he won't use a warrant or even just cause but that one stops the public supplies when Johnny does the patriot act march through your house for you okay oh wow what what did he have for breakfast this morning huh i don't know but i want some five six seven oh five six he won't mix a few calls in here in here like i said little mix and match got a lot of stuff today important stuff we got that ackons die i think which i know this audience to want to hear about died but it's a little vindication for it here is truly and i'm going back on it right now i'm i'm doing ackons right now with my ice tea i don't eat in the morning i just don't eat you know this i don't eat during the show what i'm not there right and remember when i was there i was eating on a show yes another good reason not to be there if i was still there i'd weigh like 600 pounds i just i can't i don't know what that is either i guess it's just more comfortable here that's not an eating environment because it's just my apartment if i want to i can go in the kitchen and go in a refrigerator but there's nothing there there's nothing there that's all there is to do here there's frozen hamburgers in there but i'm sure not gonna start cooking up hamburgers in the middle of the show i write up and then we got filled on a few most likely the exit and we got the old j thing with the New York time said that tiger should skip the masters which gets all you guys very upset including Dennis who says oh they should be picking on a member of my minority to champion that cause they should be picking one of the people who was doing this criminally well that sounds acid i'm a what's wrong with both uh both b-o-f-dennis both what's wrong with having tiger woods since he was part of that minority that was bad not that long ago by the blue doses at the masters how come he shouldn't be championing for all the other minorities too then i make sense to you yeah but but but shut up that's right don't be knocking at that this is a mail club like George Will said that sexist homophobic obnoxious disgusting pig who's the uh who runs ABC news in fact that this week they used to be diss week with David Brinkley and I wonder David's eyes go out of their sockets huh I wonder why he retired by always had tears running down his eye dots because of chicken George Will because if there's anybody can screw up the party George Will you follow him saying what he saying and I give you a good example he's a big cubs fan right look at what happened oh brother 10 13 at 5 60 w qa and there's never been a better time to purchase a new home we'll find interesting home then right now hey yes how about this rate 3.95 percent that's correct financial group can offer you an unprecedented almost unheard of 3.95 percent but you got to make that call call financial group and find out how this works call 1-800-940-L-E-N-D that's 1-800-94053-63 money going to save his sensational it's really a unbelievable it is think about it you can get yourself a hundred thousand dollar loan for only 450 bucks a month or get you a two hundred thousand dollar loan for only nine hundred fifty bucks a month the process is simply going to save yourself a crapload of money of a year just call our good friends if an actual group toll free 1-800-940-L-N there's never been a better or smarter time to get you a little interest rate than right now so call financial group and you'll be on your way to save in a big bunch of cash financial group is an equal housing lender credit restrictions dual plan rates of some of the chains have called an out-to-offry 1-800-940-L-E-N-D that's 1-800-94053-63 and then the lord said let there be life and rule there was life from the same people who brought you that much below talking Bible comes a new 10 volume set brilliantly updated for the eighties yes it's the wrapping Bible there was thought everywhere in the message lying the light was there he said I'm done good there's no doubt on the seventh day he just chilled out Genesis Genesis beginning of that beginning of this is finally a good work is that and his word is not check it out this is how cool start him and the more everybody party like look tomorrow God look down said now my fault don't look back or you turn too slow the beat started to freeze the count came up and it's a cheap ticket a cheap job imagine all the songs all the parables every sacred biblical word interpreted by the finest sucker in the world of all time the wrapping Bible making his word a good can 18 at five 60 WQM happy Tuesday to show I do that to Palm Beach calling clean the slate I right here's what's Palm Beach hello yes good morning Neil yes you're holding up date he was a country in western DJ I think in Sacramento and he came to MSNBC when Jerry Notman came to MSNBC they were friendly I guess like Jerry stole all his food took every bit of it but when he first started to show that was one of the interviews he did and he talked about bringing him with him so that's the latest the last to hold up date and he would do like last year hold a love last year hold he's good yeah yeah he's he's entertaining and I think the reason most people like him is that he's not a news person yeah he just you know tells us what he's seen it he's just a natural guy natural guy thanks okay thanks a lot tell Jerry to put the put down a course Jerry he's one of those guys he don't need the fork or does government right off the plate come on Jerry one less meal today okay please that can's works Jerry and that guy's gonna explode right out of his god yeah out of his clothing voice on tape has been ladden's you as uh eight intelligence says it's him never was like a little bit wow we're not sure how many more these things are working they want of course it's kind of embarrassing that we have to admit that it's really him because it means it's a year plus a couple of months now let's see October yeah 14 months and he's still alive American intelligence analyst said today they've concluded that the voice on an audio tape that emerged last week was indeed Osama Yamana been ladden's voice and that the tape was made quite recently the authentic authentication of the tape was not unexpected it's quite significant and that it represents an official determination after almost a year of doubt that the was still alive the conclusion follows days of intensive an analization of the tape by experts at the CIA and the NSA the analysis included studies by linguists and translators familiar with Mr. Bin Laden's voice the experts said earlier that the tape appeared to be genuine but they be framed from saying so definitively until well this is yesterday intelligence experts do believe that it is that the tape is genuine a White House spokesman Scott McLean said a news briefing Mr. McLean considered that the genuineism that the tape can obviously did it with 100% certainty but he said again that it tells his official belief it is real is real is what he said is real you know let's how he slipped that in there just for the pacifier was born again Christians is real Israel just keep saying that until the tape was broadcast last week there been speculation about whether Mr. Bin Laden the presumed mastermind I'll get out of here presumed mastermind see see what I'm saying about the news media everything has to be the alleged like the snipers the presumed terrorist they get out of here we're all too busy covered your damn ass that's what it's all about just like this terrorist warning they don't want to raise the thing from yellow to orange because that gets people panicky but they're saying oh we're spikings spectacula attacks because if they keep saying this every couple of weeks it's called CYA baby covering their ass oh we knew something was coming we couldn't put our thumb on it but we knew something was coming they don't know squat but now that they can wire to have everybody and like you know be hiding under your bed and your closet and the kitchen and the pop up toaster in fact next thing you know you're going to hit the you know how you hit that thing with a toast is supposed to pop up instead of toast come out of there John Ascrop's head's going to pop up how do you like that maybe just on elders it'd be popping up and maybe she's got one on the toaster study finds speak out of that one nice segue by accident study finds applicants die it may have surprised me benefit on cholesterol quit the starch okay no SS those are the evil twins sugar and starch and I just can't stop the sugar but starch with sugar on it oh you know what really gets me there are restaurants many of them especially up here I don't know what they're thinking about but they're restaurants where you're going in order like like for example in the pizza joints and down there pizza had those at all the time don't know they had these specials where you get pizza and breadsticks yeah right have you ever ever heard of such a bad combination in your life oh here's your spaghetti and meatballs with a big side of mashed potatoes and gravy on the side you see what I'm saying there's something wrong there man the same thing anyway you know breadstick and they give it the same pizza sauce that's going on the pizza it's kind of like build-rowing pizza god three-dundant don't we have enough starch already it's there would be like going to the pizza laughing getting garlic rolls without you of course you do because they're so damn good and I see that spots coming up at a minute anyway proving once again that oh god well once every ten years I get something right I was the champion remember that great signing we had with Dr Bob at the boy's dog rest we had people lined up from our very folks are sitting all the way to god damn Jacksonville we had him lined up by the hundreds literally are we let it talk about what an asshole he was on that particular occasion yet yes well what I mean yet I never I don't remember touching on it I don't think he was such an asshole what he mean by that he means a little store owner said he's a little arrogant and he gets his little bit and he wanted a microphone and he wanted to be able to address the crowd he wanted to talk to everybody individually about their particular concerns let me say this to you okay with all the respect because you're not fed any with you don't know what you're talking about the fact is that those of us who are fed if we find something that works for us even once in a while when we're able to do it will kiss his ass we don't care how arrogant he is what an ego he's got what bad informers she didn't believe me they were the worst ever saw in my life with those real japan you rock rods remember those right how are you trying to fight a baby or it's called back to act in zidby by our products and they were disgusting they were like walking hands for anti-semitism they were the reasons that so many people hate in the europe where the people in those informers was anyway but you see there you go again picking on people I think most goto he's got he's got you pegged right the mullai here and talk about you the mullai think he's got you sized up real good study listen I'm serious I think he's starting to get it I know do you think he's getting it I think he's catching on warming up mullets about damn time okay the clock was ticking baby it was time was running out mull and all of a sudden he started to catch now loosen up a little bit warming up like to the human race which I see there you go one more time like but you let me do the goddamn story please when mullai is almost time for the break again I don't want to like gloss over this and I know that immediately a lot of dials or there he goes with that fat tucking and I know beyond a share of it out of all the things that I could talk about in this show the lasting anybody in this audience wants to hear about his fat and diets yeah no mull with that because they've heard me fail on this for like 20 or some odd years although you know it it's a long ways down from 240 pounds to 1993 yes which 240 was about the peak of the IOD days how I survived that all those pictures oh man there were two of you in the same can and you know when I was on back in those early days that I would be future system yeah future system but they bring in the little tiny cans with the real carbohydrate late and there's nothing but carbohydrates and chemicals in there and it's the it's the three seeded carbohydrates chemicals and crack I don't remember who he sales rep was that they would bring you in it's like a garbage bag for the food yeah you'd come and go right what was it? that was supposed to be for the whole week what away today because the little cans had about a I happened out so crap in there and because of the fact it was all car refined carbs anyway and stimulated your appetite eat one little can and indeed it were the whole you clear out the whole damn car covered and still wouldn't have eaten a damn thing you have about 600 calories future it's just a man so I went from 240 and most of the way that I did lose it that was on the atkins which will get to momentarily and whatever happened all our friends like the not slanting lady you know it's how we made a band and it's such a thing with a phone calls in general we've been abandoned by a lot of the people who supposedly were our friends people whose lives I saved like the not slanting lady I mean it's the middle of November it's hardly income tax time now he's got no excuse that she's too busy to talk to us right little joey all those people that used to be our friends remember those good days we had some friends out there now we have nothing but a bunch of enemies I mean we got a few but just not like it used to be and of course the thanks for calling lady she's on the other side she's in that great talk show haven't now we miss her badly I mean up at she said a lot when she called he was always brief but she was fun she was nice you know always great which finally somebody nice and south thought is like looking for a needle on a guide then Uranus especially at the road 10 27 at 5 60 WCWM Jeff Cohen is going strong he's not old his ponytails lot or in here's his matter fact wait till he shows you his fingernails all his painted fingernails and his dolphin number of beauty and valia and the good thing is he stays way out of the kitchen that's the best thing in fact they brought some of the people over from the original pizza lot they brought over the new plantation joint and the food there is exactly the same see that's one thing when Jeff told me he's going to open up a second location I said you better make sure that it's consistently exactly the same as what people come to expect from you and it is I can testify to that because I ate there what when how was it about five six weeks ago it was sensational and you'll have it too at both pizza loss in Davy and in plantation every Monday night the loft is lasagna night Tuesday like tonight is egg plant night by one of these dinners on these nights get the second one 45 bucks when's the kids eat feed with the adult sick and see Jeff famous magic show whip it out for him Thursday is bite night at the lot come on a motorcycle by one didn't get the second for ant price three different kinds of great pizza delicious fresh pasta of every kind of the sun made to order not no mushy pasta the loft and they got every kind of Italian dish you love chicken and veal seafood calzone super subs and lots lots more and like I said the best garlic rolls is dipping with garlic you've ever popped in your push the prices are very very modest and the portions are inversely huge you'll find them in Davy that's right there on university drive between dividend five 95 behind pair one imports with huge jade free park in air call nine five four nine one six eighty eighty four take out for delivery and for catering to nine five four nine one six eighty eighty and the brand new pizza law for the same great chow in the same deals all week long is on a corner of Napillan sunrise implantation right behind that grudster on the corner there nine five four three two ninety nine three eight two ninety nine nine nine either location you'll love to take the whole gang for a feast at the pizza law your sports radio five sixty two a it's paper piss me oh mr. lector to save me a piece on this appointed you've passed on Clarice saluting people right after you kill them I even need me behind a tiny crop to the lector finger like you he plays a people taste just like you can if you see it a little on the streets better honor you are dead mr. lector I got to ask how do you eat things through that funky mask though it looks good you can't move your jaw the first candle to use the cell is wrong with the I wish I saw you play a visit to chapter call if the clues in hundred next grade just remember your past 33 at five sixty wq a m here's a call from four lotterdale hello oh Neil yes sir yeah nice to talk to you today I don't know if you read in the paper today we had a small victory over and co-weight they uh quote one of those arcade of bad guys yeah the initials are mf they won't give his name just as initials so I thought maybe in a small celebration of a little victory uh you could play maybe later on at your convenience so you have big bad black eye name then okay thank you you got it all right I see not interesting kind of like around the bend around the bend way not really of action come on I see you're so sour not sour I take all the crap and you first you're ripping my good friend Dr. Bobo you do have a point he's uh he just he's not diet is brilliant and genius but uh he's got an ego not under his bed and he go and he's not he's got a person now they like a dead man okay but but you know you can't have everything it's like I was talking a few days ago about like if you would join somebody's work a comedian or an actor or actress if you enjoy their work does that mean they also have to be a nice person on top of that is that like a prerequisite oh nothing overgross you're gonna hang with them like a toy store so what's up is does it make not in the beach I didn't hear any complaints from people that they I mean yeah oh they he sold 700 and some odd books that they have like we had over a thousand people there that day over a thousand that's exactly right can you imagine though if we could edit the weight of all the others oh wow if you get the miracle the sawgrass is still there talk about a uh um malange of fat yeah was a malange of malange of malange of malange malange of malange of malange of malange of malange of malange of malange of malange of malange woo god but at any rate so he's not a personal guy what can I tell you there are people who would say that we're not personal like those two brought some detrived are sure when you think by now they both be dead they were kind of old then no we can only hope only the good die on study five of the issues how weren't young study finds that kids died may have surprising benefit on cholesterol and this is what I've tried telling you people years ago years ago and all the all these idiot doctors and so called when somebody comes on a year and says that there are dietitian or nutritionists change the channel immediately turn on lester hole turn on anything turn on jannin Paul you're more likely to get the truth from jannin Paul that for me registered nutritionist or dietitian they know nothing all they know is that american medical association they paramid with a you know with their fruits and the nuts and the this a bunch of crap they know nothing they have no concept of what that's really all about or what the dictions are all about or why people really are fat fat disgusting multitudes where about the high fat look carbohydrate at kids died and now a carefully controlled study backs them up all right like that after all this time after all these years after these so called experts and doctors were poo pooing all and it's gonna send your cholesterol way up and it has just the opposite effect for many of us for most of us since your cholesterol down increases the good cholesterol and the LDL a bad knocks it down a little bit to agressorize it nice way down because you're eliminating those refined carbohydrates it says here this is really Boston globe it's in all the papers low carb may actually take off more weight than low fat and maybe surprising with better for cost roll to and you remember the thing that scandal about low fat a couple years ago and it turned out to be a total fraud which have been screaming for years yes because something is low fat what the hell does that mean if it's still loaded with sugar with calories and with carbohydrates it's the only one who's anyway the low fat are you even wolf fat who probably don't taste a good now these did but it's a great you don't watch cop shows no but I remember for years the act is forming of sparing carbohydrates and you know see they don't want to say we find carbohydrates here's another example of what the media and the doctors don't want to they don't differentiate they don't know what they're talking about and it pisses me off you know it even more than French people for years the act can's forming of sparing carbohydrates and loading up on taboo fatty foods has been blasted with me to many in the health establishment of you it is a formula for cardiovascular ruin ruin and do you remember the channel for thing a few weeks ago yes where friend of Troy balance for life got nice free of whole week or free of publicity thanks to us by the way thanks to us Troy and thanks for cutting up a beast you idiot but anyway the lady who went on air she did okay she lost a ten pounds at a month and she continued on the thing because she was happy with it but they have all the people they had on there they did the well how many different ones about four or five different ones they did hypnosis they did an act insulated balance for life and something else a boo-doo yeah they were choking the chicken but of all the ones that they did the act ins guy he lost thirty pounds at a month and was feeling great one of your people I think by the way one of the people we're such a channel for one of the 30 pounds in fact we ought to get our holy o on it that big taboo crap good guy but he's going to be dead pretty soon if he doesn't cut it out right sir yeah he's the only if things I'm joking I realize that this isn't a fun thing it's embarrassing to us but we're fat would choke it on it Christ even more agrees with that Jesus Christy but now some of the same researchers who long scoffed at the atkins dot are putting it to the test and they say the results astonished them how do you like that oh my god yeah rather than making cholesterol soar as they fear that I naturally appear to improve it in volunteers take off more weight yeah still the never hopefully people studied this way is small and the research doesn't examine possible long termals or advantages including how long people keep the pounds up maybe that's why we don't hear from that's slightly many more maybe she ain't with us anymore no well how do you know because we would have heard somebody would have been a husband maybe he just turned on us you know like a cornered rat or maybe she gained the weight back which is what I said oh and she's too embarrassed so for now it says the researchers say that much more research is necessary before the atkins dot can be given across the board endorsement but at least they believe it's safe enough to take into much larger studies so they're starting grudgingly to yield on this and say what you know what maybe it's not so bad after all huh at least three formal studies of the atkins that have been presented at medical conferences over the past year and all have reached similar results all the latest conducted by Dr Eric Westman of Duke University was presented yesterday at the annual scientific meeting of the American Heart Association long a stronghold of support for the traditional low fat approach Westman and in turn it's a duvet diet and fitness center said he decided to study the atkins approach because a concern over so many patients and friends taking it up on their own he approached the Robert C. I. Confirmation in New York City to finance the research way to hear this let me do the break and then I'll give you the results I don't want to like shortchange this okay and I know it's boring to a lot of you skinny people and a lot of you fat people that are like in denial but I don't give a crap because we've been honest atkins think for what about six to six hundred years now I'd say we've been on for about 75 years since Dr. Mackins was 50 he was old then you know how do you think he is now hunter and he's still around then he just recently had like open heart surgery or something like that you see something like that a steast doing fine is what we're hearing and they said that had nothing to do with the diet it was just his crappy personality the George was bitch in about 24 11 at five sixty though see we can't the world can't all be the way we'd like it to be okay or why the hell not well that's a good question let's ask somebody let's ask somebody expert like Dennis 20 to 11 at five sixty wql let's face you've been heard about fast train for a very long time right so well if that's our simple these facts are in if you have the dedication fast drink and provide you with the necessary training to get out of your dead end job and become a certified computer professional who makes a serious income according to time magazine that a man for computer professionals will continue to explode it's getting bigger and bigger like most of us the average student completes the training in four short months attending school three nights a week once you complete your certification fast ring will help you in getting a new computer job fast train advice you to come in a visit our train career counselor and determine which track is ideal for you call fast train tool free at one eight six six fast train to set up an appointment with four convenient locations there is bound to be one nearby where you live because there's a fast train to candle one in Miami temper pines and four lottery two and don't forget to ask their career counselor for us to students just like yourself who are currently in their dream jobs thanks to the training they got at past train call them today get all the info there's no obligation call one eight six six fast train and you can do working a great new job before spring that's one eight six fast train or check them out of that wicked worldwide web it's easy fast train dot com and local this is for you by six the money to you car theft is on the rocks in America a car installing every 12 seconds what can you do to protect your car an expensive car alarm system won't protect your car from being stolen the club won't protect the valuables inside your car but a big black guy named Ben can you to wait for the car mother fucker for less than you pay for an expensive car alarm system and even less than you'd pay for the club you can get a big black guy named Ben to protect your automobile you to wait for the car mother fucker it's simple to use just leave the big black guy named Ben in your car whenever you get out and he does the rest whenever anyone gets within six feet of your car Ben simply gets out of the car and tells them you to wait for the car mother fucker listen to these testimonials from people who use a big black guy named Ben it's always nice to have some a derived with although he really doesn't say much just you to wait for the car mother fucker that's about it I didn't get a big black guy named Ben to chat with it got into protect my car it's the best investment I've ever made many of it isn't that great there have been a lot of car thefts I can't tell you how many times I've heard it away from the car mother fucker knowing that I've got a big black guy named Ben protecting my car less than he sleep better at calm down 1-800-1-Big guy that's 1-800-1-B-I-G-U-I and instead of hearing this you'll hear this you'd have to wait for the car mother fucker 1047 at five 60 WQ and anyway the story before I get back to Atkins and I noticed I got some immediate response including this psychotic how do you like this one fact man with teeny tiny printing pop pop pop pop pivin and I can't I was signed but I can't be the signature at the bottom here right because was chopped off as a chopped up on years to yes I hate the first your bubble but the I can's died as a power spent and pop pop pop pivin we need to go to a nutrition client okay I don't look at that eventually but I'm shocked at this thing about a good friend Heather other is more there's more one there are another facts came in I don't know if they're from the same person okay well this is from what is this from something people recently Paul Farrey of the Washington Post-Roday brilliantly subtle profile of the punitive Heather now it who the heck is Heather now or farrey anthropologically before the article the answer from most people in Washington or most men was isn't she that how does tarblan on fox news Farrey fleshed out the characterization some up at turns out that still the right answer now or 30 frequently appears on television as a GOP strategist even though she's never worth of the GOP largely because she's an adequate talker and quickens the pulse of male cospithatos from the time I was 16 she says I knew I wanted to do something on TV low and behold she's managed to become an expert on elections for an affairs and tax policy and they show too by the way after a briefs did as I cut to music vj haha oh did I have her pegged right or what yeah another right wing set up deals she calls on a show and no well you've been trying to contact you endure real interview and all that stuff you're playing about pork condolese uh yeah right all of this crap about fair and balance let me see it again that's the motto at fox really should be unfair unbalanced all spin all day all right wing spin all day and they they do it on a bashyly now that that dog and pony show she did with us i mean i was his uh transparently is a pin a glass as if somehow she oh and a lot of people upset about well guess what we haven't heard from them all as time how do you like that huh but what you're trying to do is whip everybody up into a frenzy archaitha that's one of the paid guns by rupert mordock it's not just the rager ails it's rupert mordock who also of course owns the umks is right wing in the york post which is a very entertaining newspaper many ways but of course politically is to the right of gangas con just like the tarotto son up here my favorite newspaper out of the four daly's by far great newspaper except for their politics which are even at the right of the New York post how do you like that huh just the way it is anyway getting back to the atkins okay and spite of what this wild psychotic a maniac i mean it's one thing to send me a faction to sugary that's fine but if you could see the handwriting of this there's like a whole page of little teeny tiny handwriting that bapapapin you don't all crap because i disagree with you and because this works for so many people let me ask you this if the atkins died didn't work for people how could it still be around right am i right after what nineteen seventy looking all the other one that's right it started in the early seventies and seventy two or three is the first time i did it that's when i lost a hundred pounds is matter fact on the stillman in the atkins diets right all the other of bad diets that come and go if they don't work for people hey they're gone in a heartbeat remember when you took that poll anybody taken liquid protein lately no no by drinking that no i mean it's worth it all the eighty trillion different diets that have come and go on that period of time how about our global life friend or he's still dead by the products by the products yeah uh westman studied a hundred twenty overweight volunteers who were randomly assigned to the atkins that or the heart associations step one died a widely used low fat approach on the atkins die people limited their carvestle us than twenty grams a day and sixty percent of their calories came from fat it was high fat off the scale he said after six months the people on atkins died of lost thirty one pounds this is the average compared with twenty pounds on the american heart association diet and more people stuck with the atkins regimen total cholesterol fell slightly in both groups however those on the atkins died had an eleven percent decrease in eight to the other good cholesterol ever let me see again the atkins had an eleven percent increase in eight to the other good cholesterol and forty nine percent drop in triglycerides on the a a j died hd hd was unchanged in triglycerides drop twenty two percent high triglycerides may raise the risk of heart disease let me see it again american heart association diet they dropped twenty two percent on the average atkins forty nine percent and I remember the first couple of months I did atkins my and remember those days I was having my blood draw on like a five minutes but uh my triglycerides dropped from three hundred to eighty in about a month or two on atkins while the volunteers total amounts of LDL the bad cholesterol didn't change much on either died there was evidence that it shifted to a form that may be less likely to clogged the arteries more study is necessary because such a diet can be recommended Westminster however concerned about serum lipid cholesterol elevations should not impede such research and that was the big objection or you're gonna eat all that fat your cholesterol is gonna go zooming up and others in oh guess what are we don't think so some people it does because everybody's system is different but most people it does not it says no single studies likely to change minds on the issue especially since an initial weight loss is hard to maintain on any diet some answers could come from a year-long study being sponsored by the national institutes of health that experiment being directed by Dr. Gary Foster University Pennsylvania will test the atkins that on three hundred and sixty patients in the meantime the heart association president doctor Robert Bonel of Northwest University said the organization will reconsider the atkins that is a as more research results become available having our top academic centers look at this is wonderful we said we're still dealing with small numbers of patients we just need more data doctor Sydney Smith hard associates his research director said was a surprise that the atkins doctor not raised LDL cholesterol once small study like this flies in the face of so much evidence we can't change dietary recommendations on the spot he said doctor Alice Littonstein a nutrition expert at Tufts University says she thinks too much has made a the months of carbohydrates and fats and people's diets as they try to shed weight she said there's no major combination of fats versus carbs versus protein it doesn't matter in the long run the bottom line is calories goia she's a nutrition expert calories calories calories you believe that no because let's say there's let's say if you had like two hamburgers in an era let's say there's two big stakes one for lunch and one for dinner and then small amounts of protein to the rest of the little bit of carbs and he had exactly the same number of calories in refined sugar eight nothing but candy bars and crispy creams all day but the same calories yeah I wish you think your body's gonna function better on duh yeah anyway this one about I hate the most your bubble listening goes on so long and by the way Janet and Holly what is did what is this fact so about his genital drugs or what I mean what is this it's hello Neil I'm an avid listener and enjoy all your shows with it without the phone calls love to hear you talk about all of the great spots and laws Vegas when you're gonna go out there when you return you'll have lots of new stuff to talk about great show Janet what does that mean I don't know when you go on through you'll have lots of new stuff to talk about I'm not going out there Janet I've already left my contribution it's two damn far when you realize that you can get on a plane and go into Europe in just slightly more time than it takes to fly from the east coast all the way out there to Vegas I've just I've built as many casinos as I can with my money and I love it and it's fun and yet I'm just burnt out on it now maybe in a year or two I'll change my mind about that Elsa she says PS have a plane rubby are young rants oh but have a nice day Janet thank you boy Wild Field on a few most likely to exit states like how's that pull coming on a slided news huh which TV network slants the news the most We got 45 billion votes 481 Fox 162 all of them 95 CNN 72 CBS 66 NBC 61 ABC 17 MSNBC with nobody watches six and none of them only two only two people out there out of almost 500 say oh nobody signs the news Field on a few most likely to exit states left Did I predict this yes This is from USA today Field on a few days at MSNBC are numbered and you don't need to go into double digits. I don't think NBC news executives under pressure from corporate owner general electric to improve ratings are like the Decancel is talked show by years end If Donnie who gets the axe it'll be the strongest indication yet that star power alone does make you hit on the cable and that would a variety of Hwing options available cutting it there is tough Donnie who is the subject of a biting NBC Saturday night live piracy Saturday in which deraum and played the Liberal talk show host when you when you where your own network starts goofing on you watch out it says MSNBC averaging 392 thousand viewers in prime time is awaiting's embarrassment for GE Fox news channel draws 1.5 million viewers and CNN 983 thousand Donnie who the king of syndicated daytime talk in the 70s and 80s kicked off his MSNBC gig in July What are they faced enough ill fight? I go out of this fully knowing the challenge he told you us today. I want to be a player. By September with this program virtually ignored by cable audiences he was telling MSNBC's Jury Notman then let's he made noise by January he'd be out The North final decision has been made executives of told him his chances are slim unless his program which is running a distance Third behind top rated a rally factor on fast and CNN's kind of chink tonight care can show dramatic improvement Executive's not that's gonna happen if somebody off Donnie who's danger can't cut it after five months They now he ever will last week and it moved decided when perver days done he left MSNBC studios in ccoxonudurzy to return to the scene of his glory days Man hat and srock of fellow senator do shows before a law studio audience that continues this week And then it's got question mark new gigs for mar and ling Who'd hell is Ling Donna Lisa Ling Bill Mar her was on the end of that show yesterday that talk back life he's pathetic He's written the stupid ass book about if you ride a low and you ride with den Laden about in other words If you don't carpool your rar it's he's just cranky It was looks like he weighs about 40 pounds now. I guess he eaten so good anymore. What a nubbage. Yeah, or a never never That's exactly the word for me's a real nubbage no talent plus That's 57 and five 60 wq a m here something has good for you There's not too much debate about this net is olive oil is a great the thing people shmir it on their feet on their arm Places we can't even mention on the air they shmir it back home. Maybe even that too and of course They put it in their body by putting their cooking and things like that But if you want to get the purest olive oil in your body combined with vitamins minerals and herbal and other good stuff in there To help specific parts of your health here's the product to do it for you all your men Oreo men of Mediterranean formulas are advanced combinations of all of these things to provide natural nutrition solutions to help you support Specific health needs they got one to help your cholesterol get lower one to help you sleep They have a new one to help your weight management and cook you 10 which is so damn important for your heart All using the benefits of the purest olive oil and money can buy if you want to pick up Oliomate you can do it all over time now because it's become a more and more popular Fix them up at public's echrogen wall greens you can get more info about their products and what they do for you by calling their tool free number 1 866 Oliomate That's one 866 6536633 You can also order their products online at olio-medamerica.com and if visiting your publics and vinyl you met products and they were Broward counties you can get you a coupon for a free Larry cook or bottle head doll Oh wow supplies last and don't forget to visit their sampling committee in its sports town every Sunday When the offensive plain homegames to pick up some free Oliomate samples and product information start feeling healthy again by poppin some Oliomate in your post This is the new Roger show This is your brain Any questions Box new channel We really like your You Oh right Box new channel We really like your You We Crazy that's a F*** You're a fine look at us and the perfect little Nazi I want to build their copy through your soil practice This is our new new looking slogan sweet Lacking your lips like handcoulders roast me Box new channel Yeah We really like your F*** you Oh yeah Box new channel We really like your F*** you We really like the F*** you We're a thing about your head dolly To the bitch You want a touch of three ways You sure? You're right You're right You're a bit too big You're a little bit Then it's gonna take you to roast But between your foot I'll set it taste like bubble gum See you next time you need a story Done since it takes a bit But will you take you Come Box new channel Oh We really like your F*** you Oh yeah Thoughts do say the Oh we crazy like your F*** you Okay 11.356 you've ever Did QM so anyway Heather now it's this original stir by Paul Farrell Washington Post and Friday This is May 25th 2000 Yes So like a long time ago by one of our regular facts as F**ks as long as we appreciate And I'm not gonna read it I mean it's much much too long But it talks about how she bounced around from Ressus city to see the rapid And every uh she was on MSNBC and BBC and CNBC and PBS And ABC and etc and so on She outditions for movies Right but she's enough It says then it happened and well Wait until you get to the one part which I've uh Cold out of this to give you a real good idea of how she's I got it No no no no no no that's coming about kind of Lisa After bouncing around all these years Then it happened Monica the Clinton Lwinsky scandal created full employment for Pundits of all straps but in particular give Why visibility to a subset of young female conservatives and culture Laura Ingraham Barbara Olson, Kelly Antfiz Patrick and Heather Newart With cable networks filling the air with talk about sex and sexual harassment The Pundits as they came to be known Filday market need a telegenic group of women who were predictably anti-clinton And in their own way they were breakthrough figures Now They're good This part where she's on with uh the so let's see last month It would have been April of 2000 that says asked by Fox News host Bill O'Rider last month To make the case for a George W. Bush's presidency for example Newart offered this the general philosophy that Governor Bush has is that America's great because of its people Because of America's innovation because of our generosity because of our entrepreneurial spirit Al Gore believes that America's grace simply because of the government I think what's important is that we need a vision Al evening needs a vision. We need to be able to point very qualified people to his or her Cabinet Why Rally asked Newart stumbled There's one gal I forget her name She's an African American gal and she's involved Arilis says condolese a rice Newart says exactly and she does foreign policy She didn't even know her name Wow she does foreign policy. She is sharp and I think people with people like that and through Having had the experience of knowing people through his father's administration That it can help bring some of these people into his core group. Oh my god Yeah, what a Bumbling fub by Bimbab and that yeah, uh absolute Bimbab is what she is and she's called an issue because it's part of the right wing agenda Not only of Fox and she's yet a lot of encouragement from there, but of her own leanings Oh, yeah, we saw this on newsmax.com. Let's call out that show and expose this out of a bitch for the racist piece of crap that he really is and let's make a big suicide of it, okay? a big dog and pony show Especially right before election time Didn't have any idea who I was what the show was all about, etc. and so on But make a big stink because we can smell it all the way up here Heather Bimbab Which TV network slants the news the most we asked that he on your rodgers.com We got 42 billion votes 500 exactly look at that. Wouldn't I'm a propitious time to take a look at it? 500 11 o'clock. Can you believe that? No, I've actually 10 of more real votes Fox 172 all of a 98 c and n 74 cbs 68 66 and bc 62 abc 18 see what a big drop off there I don't think anybody even watches abc news MSNBC eight and none of them too Shocking 567 05 60 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line Here's Miramar hello Miramar gone You be there Miramar Are you a clicking yet? That's one of thoseers. You got just the quiet guy. Okay, so there's no calls on the board all you people are Want to call back? I mean, we sure haven't discussed anything you know worth eliciting your call do they have wait? No good. So let's just continue plotting right ahead Sending a powerful message New York Times suggests that tiger should skip the masters The New York Times suggested an editorial yesterday that tiger would skip the masters next year because of the all mail membership at Augusta National Golf Club A tournament with atmosphere woods would send a powerful message that discrimination isn't good for the golfing business The editorial said Augusta National decline comment now let me just interrupt my reading of this article to point out That those people who keep poop pooling the women's efforts to force their way into Augusta would Are keep saying and mow always says this every morning well one of these women work out other important things There are a lot more important issues that they need to be addressing than whether or not they're letting us some golf club right Let's take it a baby the same could have been said about blacks The same could be said about any minority group who always have much bigger fish to fry But what a lame excuse it is to say oh once you just go away and leave us alone, which is really what's being said? You have a lot more important important issues than worrying about this Am I right? He can't No matter what the group is But that's a pretty sorry as to excuse for being a sexist a leadist bunch of balloonos assholes, which is really what this is all about In interviews this month Augusta National Chairman who the Johnson was adamant that a woman would not be among the 300 members at a gusty by the start of the masters in April Johnson's comments with the first on the subject since he criticized Martha Burke and the National Council Originally discriminated against women which means others can choose not to support Mr. Johnson's golfing fraternity Then includes more and light members of the club CBS sports, which televised the masters and the players especially tiger woods The editorial said Sanford I whale wheel the chief executive of city group I can't the shinalt chairman of the american express should lead the way for other prominent members and resign from the club While and shinalt had said our national should admit female members did not immediately be turned closely in common yesterday Was was headed to this week's dumb off Phoenix term in Japan and not immediately available for comment He said he would like to see a female member to go to national but that the club has the right to set up its membership however What in other words if we know like Taiwan these people if we know like black people you're out the tiger Which obviously they wouldn't do but what kind of crap is that? CBS will broadcast the masters in April CBS sports by his president Limey and Wade's Leslie and Wade said to claim for the comment The network has a series of one year deals since 1950s to analyze the masters the highest rated golf tournament and Moe is right about that there are many other more important issues, but the fact is that this is an issue And it's kind of like Rosa Parks You know why why you worried about where you sit on the bus Rosa black folks? You got a lot more important things to worry about than that Does that make any sense? No the balls knows the boss Exactly very well put What kind of crap is that and Tiger was if he had any real balls himself he would say hey guess what my people used to be discriminated against if Or for the fact that somebody broke through that barrier against black people being on a gosh That because there's a bunch of blue nose big gets running and think I wouldn't be here today I would be wearing those stupid green jackets And women should be in there and anybody else that wants to be in there this reminds me of the the kennel worth hotel And those ugly days back in the 50s and 40s on Miami Beach No blacks allow no Jews allow and I'm sure no spits allow by where you guys sure that And over by and then again overwhelming the on this on this radio station being the sports all male fraternity Sports nif station all in all these women. These bull dikes man. They just better Leave us alone leave us alone those have our fun Freedom of association Here's poor saying Lucy or only call hello any a couple quick thing Yes, we're called I'm sure to surprise in your poll that you didn't include one of the financial networks that you're always complaining about flant the news L. They invented it you know them saying no no Well, you know how they're always reporting on you know sponsors and given them favorable ratings That's flanned the news no that's not sliding news though those aren't news stories Those are that that's lying to the public. That's just bloody Second point. I mean I sort of agree with you talking about about Augusta Well, what would happen if a guy tried to join the women's NBA or what happened if a guy tried to go out for his girl volleyball team because they didn't offer boys volleyball We can't over this. Oh, what no, no, I'm not Well, then how come the regimen favor the reverse I don't think because this is a this is a club. Okay? The women aren't saying that they ought to play in a master's golf room and they're saying that they want to be members of the club They're not allowed to join the club. They're not saying that they want to play in a man's tournament at least as I understand it The difference between the bus that was a public bus and this is a private club I really can't agree with you. I mean, I think they're shocked so so I think they were wait a minute Wait a minute. If that was the same reasoning that they used to exclude blacks. How come everybody forgets that? I'm not saying that they're good people. I think they're jerks But they have a right to be jerks So it's not a way that they would say if they want if they want if they were no tiger woods around today If he wasn't a leading golfer in the world or wasn't so popular and didn't make them so much money if he didn't exist You're saying that if they wanted to exclude blacks it would still be okay? I'm saying I don't agree with it, but that be well within their right I think the only thing you could do to them from a government standpoint is probably not given them a liquor license They'd make less money if they're bar But if you're missing you're missing you to the point There's nobody saying that it isn't their right to do it But they're saying that CBS and the other sponsors who are associated with them shouldn't support them until they stop discriminating Well, that's up to CBS. I mean everything comes down to you know Freedom of choice. I mean CBS is right to choose what they want to be affiliated with a course It's a bunch of jerks like that. Yeah Well, I'm gonna read and what you agree with somebody's freedoms or not, and they should still have the freedom to choose Well, it's a very it's a very blatantly bigoted ugly thing. I'll take it that a question. Okay. Thanks 12 and a half to 11 and 5 and 6 the WQ I'm affected to see those female golfers speaking of blatantly ugly Yeah And who that was the guy in CBS that got canned because he made that dog comment what that was the Call of commentator whatever that was name right then right very good George hit the sports one. Oh, whoo, Ben right Right you are because I remembered the words to that oh Lpch Want a chance to win free bear for the Vermont teddy bear company just sign up to be a pre-fraud member. That's free to Find out more by calling 1 88829 bear This is a club by the way anybody can join 1 88829 bear or visiting their website or Vermont teddy bear.com If you're looking for a fun and different gift for somebody's birthday new baby or for the holidays Make someone's day by sending them a cute little Vermont teddy bear just call 1 88829 bear and a bear Council will help you choose from over a hundred handcrafted bear is delivered with a card in chocolate and a colorful gift box It's more personal and fun than flowers. It'll be enjoyed forever Houston bears like the birthday suit bear the Thanksgiving turkey bear or babies first Christmas bear He even adds somebody's name to many of the bears outfits to make your gift reenie personal You won't believe the reaction you're gonna get overnight and said it a delivery is guaranteed So call today 1 88829 bear or shop online at Vermont teddy bear.com Show your care send a bear the queen of alternative flowers for any occasion tell that old the authority to call 1 88829 BEAR 5 Local This is five six You're You're You Wait How What a shot What's the matter with lesbian For cancer tell we're really love hidden malls The only thing that separates us from the men is the kind of clubs bathroom stalls Friend Also Chose the family on the book She cut the daddy must die that five two me talk all right still ladies call My favorite whole a dozen have any number agree or a fairway Your friend because I'm a snapper I play golf and I'm gay She time to call in the club house They're all busy all the time with their guests I'm they let's play LQK still ladies call for me And write this great chipset on my face still ladies call for me 1118 at 560 WCM we don't want no dice in here. I'll turn it that that's for damn sure not on my gust Oh This guy that sent me your whoever in hell is was this long pond respects about Atkins and I'm foolish mitten this and that and about his percentage of how many carbs the fact that he doesn't this this Specify is a 65% carbs 10 to 20% proteins and approximately 15% fat when he doesn't specify is talking about Unreefine carbohydrates. He doesn't believe talking about So thanks for wasting all of that time and effort and ink that you put on the page there, but blow it out your ass for example Here's the fact that says where my co-workers weighed 280 pounds in February today's two 14 is off all as many Education the Atkins died is the best from somebody in hell and they'll oh How do you like it you've forgotten that as well? The if your diabetic factor right If your diabetic it's one of the best ways because you're not eating those we find carbohydrates that sit your blood sugar is soaring all the time And you can get your blood sugar on a control with that any God if you're one of those people that takes a wrong medication like I do for a blood sugar control you can stop taking it all together Because the the Atkins diet or diets like that the low-we find carbohydrates diet is the perfect way to keep your blood sugar under control But then again, we got everybody's an expert See unless you've been through it yourself unless you personally test your blood pressure your blood sugar Unless you'd like taking control of things like that, you know what you're talking about I'm doing it I'm starting it today. How long you think last? Uh To be under the day now we're clock. I'm doing it starting today. Okay for the 8 billion time nobody wants you're about it That's okay. I'm fat Not like I used to be though. There's a great story. This one from the Milwaukee magazine that you've asked him Yes It says a sizable concern on the day Timothy Dolan was installed as the new arch bishop here joyful music field saying John the event even jealous Evangelists Like and I read cuz I'm so anxious to get to the part joyful music field saying John the Evangelists Cathedral and live media coverage kept to the uplifting grandeur of the historic mass For a little while at least Milwaukeeans could almost forget about the sex scandals rocking the Catholic Church. Oh sorry Dennis That isn't till WTM GAM 620 interrupted this live broadcast with an ant for a male sex enhancing drug That's right Milwaukee's top new station man a commercial for a product named Insight Which claims to boost the male function that rhymes with election insure its size does matter according to insight and others Hope from end with underemplated egos More to five WTM J officials promptly yank the ad they yanked it from the broadcast works for that You've not before did run out once in its entirety said John Schweizer WTM J General manager It seems the station neglected the screen the as it aired that afternoon Broadcast news stations have long been ridiculed for undercutting serious news coverage Within appropriate commercials and this comical miss absolutely qualifies for the whole of shame it says It was obviously a terrible oversight that was no sweep of the commercials to see if there were any content issues Conceed twice here and light of us become a rather publication for the Catholic Church It just wasn't an appropriate commercial run during the Programming nevertheless and then to see where all the almighty advertiser is sacred the station has no plans to discontinue the question of a Another news programming says whites that we don't see any reason to punish the advertiser from mistake We'd be making how do you like that? In the church exactly Now what's wrong with having a priest with a large penis, huh? Well, is there anything wrong with that? I'll ask the alter boy. How many how many copies of this so that's the old one? Here's good news Taiwan rules oral sex isn't adultery. Oh right. I bet your bubble would like to hear this A group of Taiwanese judges lawyer say oral sex is not intercourse and so it isn't adultery Judges are not found by the decision but it can be used as a reference in future cases 49 of 60 judges and lawyers support the view that intercourse means genital to genital contact The opposing camp that they law making forms as sexual intercourse should be for to any form of genital contact But a spokesman for Taiwan's high court says there is no law stating whether oral sex is a form of intercourse and so judges are left to make their own decisions The spokesman added whatever decisions these participants came up with during the meeting will only be a reference for judges when they have a similar case in the future and On name type page judge who oppose the decision totally type a times they conclusion could influence decisions in future trials He suggests they count his criminal code the country's criminal code be amended to state clearly that oral sex Conted to constitutes sexual reports and they're saying no, no way We like the bubble version 5670560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line Lady and Miami hello Hey, Neil how you doing? I'm doing great. I might know means Seminist you know, but I'm not afraid I shame to get on my knees and please my man But I don't understand why these good old boys don't Augusta won't extend a membership to women Including five 60s demanded and he makes the biggest deal About not letting women in because he's a sexist pig. That's why exactly the my thing is their argument is that it's their right Not to have not to do that But it isn't it also in the constitution to treat everyone equally Well, you know, let's see they keep using this thing about it being a private club and technically that is correct Private clubs can exclude or include anybody they prefer to have but I'll say it again If they didn't allow black people to be members and Augusta still which up until not to make you We do have black people But I'm saying if they if they if they didn't have any black members now Do you think that CBS would be continuing to televised the issues? Go for them. Of course not Women's discrimination is one of Like most underrated forms of discrimination going on and open And you have to understand especially when you see the way that most juxtreme women and I'm a time target about manage But I'm not just seeing you speaking generally that these sexism that exists among a jococracy in this country is rampant I mean it's legendary so that should come as a surprise Right and that's a it's almost on the same lines and it's just not fair Let me ask you do we have any out of the closet gay people or members of the Augusta of off club? Oh no way I sure don't think so no way God forbid just thought that and I'm also a registered Dietitian and I actually recommend the accent's guide For a right and people who have a tendency to become diabetic and I've seen a lot of people who's a lot of way Excellent, they should definitely give it a try. Okay, thanks. We're already back in the kitchen now Love you George see you right and keep a barefoot in pregnant and a kitchen The sexist attitudes in America. They are a grotesque of disgusting and I'll say it again This argument I keep hearing all over our radio stations especially in a morning mo about wow And they got more figure fish to fry more important issues. That's not the point That's not the point You can in other words only they should only be working out one or two things where wherever you find discrimination You have to fight it you have to break down the barriers And you have to protest to people who support who subsidize these kinds of snooty obnoxious Bluno's assholes and that's exactly what the whole golf establishment is Snooty Bluno's assholes. That's what it's all about Just like when Casey a mart whatever it hell's name was is that his name that says name the crypt book golfer When that cripple, but he had the debilitating illness and he had to use the wheelchair. Oh my god And he's not walking the car so I get out of here all the old buddy that he's Nicholas and Palmer and Gary player all these assholes They should have been the first one line and I'm saying hey, well, what the hell when they worried about what are they scared of Like walking that the fairway Is like some kind of a great physical feet that has something to do with playing golf? Oh give me a dream of those calls you were getting Yeah, the water the physically Please give me a break In addition, which on the seniors through they all use the golf cart anyway. They don't walk how do you like their apples All those old farts. Well, we fuse to go away Like the day that Arnie Palmer played his last golf term and these people Oh gee, what are we gonna do for her? Like it like it meant something okay these people are out there hitting a golf ball Are you people crazy or what this is in the sport? It's a freaking game. It's a blue nose game It was invented talk about silly invented by the Scottish In fact, that's gonna be the new deal. We'll let you keep women out of August as long as the guys were killed How's that that a good deal sounds great? They are just a couple are real quickly this one from Zack he says that Tiger would should take advantage of this Opportunity and take a stance against the screw of old white men who still believe that minorities and women doctors are of the same rights All right, excellent. That's what he ought to be doing but he's not All of them money he's making plain golf. You ought to be out there champaning every minorities rights 1127 at five 60 WCM and I want to come to eating and good food there's so many good restaurants to choose from But if you're looking for the best deli in town you can bet it's her bets Her bet has been slicing and piloting on tick for over 30 years. It's New York style deli at its best with her bets homemade P soup delicious daily speed They be special and the best best astronomy cornbait and brisket and that P soup boys is some real Dutch thing, you know No, I did you know that that's the dust special. That's the national thing is peace soup That's what that's motto by the way. There's nothing like a good pee Probez even has got the pickles coleslaw on cucumber salad on the table just like the good old days before all you old Farts put all the deli's out of business her bets was even voted the best breakfast and she beats restaurant on Cityserts.com now the time to start thinking about your holiday party needs to and her bet does a super Stupidness job of holiday planners and caving for your family parties or what your office to her bet has been serving some of my Miss top corporations for years if you order now mentioned me or Roger show you'll get 10% off your holiday catering order You can't be to with a stick her bets is located on 79th Avenue just off the pulmetor expressway call Greg a 305 5 9 278 18 That's 305 7 a 5 9 2 get a right 5 9 278 18 or reach him on the net at her bets.com and some of the best news is her goal It's not there anymore the best alien mommy you bet it's her bets Oh Hey, it's Alan now it dated and I know a way to the from our good friends at winter cocktail travel Aspen Colorado that's the place to go if you like skiing imagine for a moment you're on the slope You put your knees together spend slightly foins and then you grab your pole while you put the other hand on the edge of the table This is unacceptable who wrote this I think it was time now not miss the zip code. I know who's responsible for this Submitize this is the handy work that I thank you to poof and that train quarrel among monkey Is well the jokes on them well have you know I got connections in who you oh Send me You'll see you know thanks Godfather, what do you know what do you say? No, my most we call the twin friends. What can I go feel on the day of my club as a bush? I'm here to the main that you grip me a favor. I want a sanction ahead of me or rush Whether I don't to be treated with such this respect. Oh god father at the end of my rope Every day they got me raped it and it used in my name and vain And just make it fun of my veins I shouldn't have it to do a week And that's like a that You're a whore I am your man who deserves respect for his a ticket to Vegas Holy dragon he's ready with a paradise. You don't talk to a man like boy I would like that I want you to take care of our friend mr. Moe over here Chopop, okay take your pants off Ella. Let me show you a good time Could you hands off me a big dummy? I am dumb but dumb you're stupid Yeah, but not like they say Do me a hand here. Oh yeah Look at the frame. I'm all the day free Trevor Cowland is about to keep a quiet Huh You gotta protect that junk of one Me Me Me Me Me Me Me 1134 at 560 WQAM 400 what is a 563 votes can that be real? That I bet you least 50 of more Which TV network science that was the most we got 5963 votes? 196 for fox which is gonna be the runaway winner or looks like oh wow All of them 121 c and n 77 cbs 69 nbc 67 and then it's way down to the ABC 19 the George will network MSNBC 10 and number of above four also George step on top of us. It's not only Donnie it's in big trouble But you know this week they used to be this week would David bring me but out this week with George will and a bunch of other idiots Yeah, George step on top of us that he's in big trouble too big trouble Why do you know cookie left cookie Roberts And all those other uh and the same balance and still on it with a bad her peace. I don't know because I don't watch it anymore I've been leaving you there's anybody else in George step on top of us is in big trouble And if anybody can get him can't off that show George will Speaking of TV yeah, since you haven't mentioned it all day today Clark warns Lana and Chloe about a boy Jonathan Taylor Thomas who's secretly dating both girls tonight on smallville Wow How can I forget about that? Well, we got the pressure of the trans come on in the 30 we're distracted by that We have the pressure of the arbitrends which is August September, October, which August is September already Or that's like dead stuff is already part of the summer book, but that's the way it goes folks It's like a rolling three month average So this will include one new month, which is October which will eventually be part of the fall book about October Remember December you got that I don't think so, but that's way works And so we'll have those numbers for this afternoon that'll be faxing them up here Friendically and then tomorrow morning we can kill some good time with that and then Marking wins they do into one hour. We got some all those comedy bits Sort of mars should be like a piece of cake like falling off a log in quite frankly the last two days a bit like that I think we got it the lick now, you know it so far Yeah, no seriously, but it's like right now as one sticking call on the board it should be like every line should be lit up But I don't really care because I haven't even I haven't even got to the other table it stuff yet I may not at all You know for tabloid Tuesday Good, we got all the y'all got all kinds of crap here how much more can witty take panic in the palace Tinky content sort of the sessions more are Gary condo with crap old shocking secret behind one owner wider shoplifting scandal Travel star was high on hillbilly heroin What, huh? Hillbilly heroin why am I m an endgame or I carry the boot Red button sells off mid a memories of lesbian wife Kelly Rippa's secret beside the fact he's ugly as crap Tons of stuff. I want to know why my amy star Kim Delaney forced out by jealous David Carruso I got piles of stuff here piles and piles and piles, baby Back home. Yeah exactly. So what about Kelly? That's way down in the pile I get to eventually I'm gonna rip a This actually just happened to us in Boston of all places as this faxer Long time listener fan it living in the pines from 82 till earlier this year listens on the net Recently moved to the Boston area anyway I recently married a woman who has a seven-year-old daughter who attends Catholic school I better listen carefully Dennis Dennis the Catholic expert My wife at a rest husband have decided that they want to baptize the little girl to begin making the arrangements Which included contacting the local priest the priest told him unless she and all the first marriage he would not baptize her daughter Oh, what she refused ever first marriage and all he finally agreed to baptize her her father than asked me We get along well if I'd be the godfather when I agreed we contacted the priest informed him that I was gonna be the godfather and my wife sister the godmother The priest informed us that he I could not be the godfather because I'm married to a sinner to make a long story short My stepdaughter will be baptized a day non-Catholic church. Let's hear. Oh right. How do you like that? All the ugly nasty hateful stories The handicapped couple of years ago in Chicago the Catholic church wouldn't come wouldn't Mary them because they couldn't consummate their marriage. Oh, what would be the point? Yeah, that's right. They can't they can't make new members of the flock right? They like a lot of flock and go in on a Catholic church and if it's not in the rectum re it's somewhere else Speaking of that I love this story even though it's outdated seven athletes arrested Seven Methodist college football players were charged last Thursday with hazing another student in the team's locker room after practice Monday One of the players senior wide receiver Antonio Wilkerson was charged with a second-degree sexual offense He was released in five thousand dollar bond The others junior crashed in Davis and senior James Brown angel Garcia Officer Jamar Brown angel Garcia Jamal again will McFall and Sean Watkins were charged with hazing and released without having to put up bill Davis and McFall declined to comment others couldn't be reached according to what is his the group of upper class We got an arresting match with a freshman teammate immediately after coming off the field from practice such horse play is not unusual Several team members said Thursday, but this time the rest of got on a hand It got out of their hand There was a lot of stuff going on running around getting people wedgies writing on the victim is but with a sharpie Pence of one of the players. I guess they crossed the line Report filed with the couple and county sheriff's office by campus pulley said the attackers held a victim down Stip can was underwear and attacked him numerous times on the rear end There were also attempts to write on the victim's naked were in before one participant identified as workers and sexually assaulted the victim with the pen to report said Oh You think it was a ballpoint? Let's hope not or Sharpie The victim was taken the emergency when we keep fear valley and medical center He was treated and released he filed a report with campus polis that evening the players were immediately suspended from the team last Wednesday Campus police officer filed criminal charges Methodist spokeswoman Cynthia Curtis had a conversation investigating were disturbed by if she said what we feel like we've taken a appropriate action Curtissated wildest schools administrations concerned about what happened to consider the locker room attack and isolated incident Methodist lesson elf why sorry. I was saying yeah right Yeah, right method is present. Elton Henry sent head football coach Jim spoiled spieled whatever his name is the climate comments their mom Their mom on the matter. How do you like that? Just to tell he just ricked it with a ballpoint pinning our raked it Yeah, but it was all in the name of sports it was all just horse play baby. It was all just a little locker room fun It was just guys running around naked snapping towels on each other's ass and having some good locker room fun K boys being gay boys right I bet you the man dog continue lots about that the same man dog that don't want to eat those rods Messing up with their fun at the masters up there in Augusta at that men's exclusive men's only club And Mark I said they can have men only they can have whatever they want only the white-a-hell should be Networked be subsidizing it. Why should the guy name sponsors be subsidizing them and Find it because of the pressure that you they know sponsors this year this coming year Yeah, they're gonna they're gonna like foot the build themselves that have work which don't want to tell that much anyway Which team he networked slants the news the most we asked and we've got a staggering response 575 votes I bet you least five of them are real votes Fox 138 all are in one twenty nine CNN 78 CBS 69 NBC 68 MS or ABC 19 MS NBC's all way up to 10 You got 10 viewers bill release somebody on there and number them four we had to ask if you people knew who lester hole was that was good Who 18 to tell no in at five 60 WQM We know who brandies are they been has song about them ever that brandies you're flying shoe Well looking glass and brandies you're a fine shoe store and they really are Brandies has been doing it right in that same great location in pumping Obeets for years and they get repeat business like crazy Because people know that they can't get a better shoe deal all the way around That's why they swept their feet the brandies with the biggest election events of them and shoes anywhere in town with the best prices with friendly knowledgeable service People that know your feet inside and out people don't mind smelling your feet and of course They got every size under the sun as well Brandies is open daily nine and nine Sundays 10 to five and you'll find them in that same great location Like I just said 12 90 North Federal Highway and Pompano Beach and all this wicked Brandies by multiple pairs of SAS and Save like crazy even more than usual by one pairing get you five dollars off on the second pair $7.50 off on a third pair and 10 bucks off on a fourth pair Got that did you write that down? No, where you better It's going all this week at Brandies is in right now To Random You got I tell you to That's your field for until college. Yeah. No back in my day To college was a lot of money. Yeah blind See a double-peach-o in a live show, and by a hot dog, a couple of hopeish, and a brand-new puke for a quarter. Ah, that was one of the days when a steering wheel pushed the same size as the target. Ah, that's it. That's a man. I'm not done by no white shoe. Oh, man. It's not you. Yeah, that was me. Why you keep him strong? Ah, I was hoping it was me. That was a quick-for-event. I should be so lucky. Looking? Smells better than our wife. Ah, this went you don't like this melaha-balomie. Anyway, that... Wait, that dude. The past is too tough. You said you wanted it out there. No, I asked if you found out that just they fell in the train. So... Fine. You know, they tell me new substance. And when a co-border did he bring the wheel? No, the wheel. Hey, hello. So cold or in cold? And then the wheel still got those bugs to skook it. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. It is paradise. I didn't realize that Greg was a way to pump it apart. I'll have to look from next time I'm a little bit... No, was that? 1147 at 560w to come in. Good news is the reason I played that is because the little free plug I gave in from my buddies at 560w park. Dick Fineberg tells me that starting... I can't remember the date. When POPPIN O'PARK opens like four nights a week starting on Monday nights. Which I'm sure is by the first of the year. On Mondays, we'll bring him back to free spaghetti dinner. On the fourth floor, how do you like that? Hmm, that great? With all these shake on Parmesan, you can eat. I can't wait to see that sea of blue hair out there on a fourth floor. In fact, out front, waiting to get in. For the free spaghetti dinner. Oh, it'll be great. In fact, I think this year we'll break all the records. I'm going to pack that place. We're going to get people driving down from Jacksonville from Georgia for free spaghetti at POPPIN O'PARK this year. Ice cream packages shrink a less than a half a gallon. That's depressing. Well, you'll have to buy two. Yeah, I'll have to buy two of those. Now I'm trying to think if I ever actually ate a half a gallon of ice cream at one time, I know. That would be even if I admitted that. Wouldn't that be like over the line? That'd be a little porcup. Yeah. I never did that. No problem. A leader, which is a little more than a court piece of cake. No sweat. That would be good on a piece of cake. Chocolate. Ooh. That chocolate marshmallow kind of cake. You know, I'm talking to my ass. Mmm. Or on pie. The half gallon ice cream condemned that crazy by pie. I do like Denny's pies though. I like the like of green cream. Some ice cream on top of that nice apple alamo. Nah. And that's for Goiam. All right. The half gallon ice cream. Can we do shut up already so I can do this story. Jesus, Scar, you just want to do the rest of the show today. Because I don't. I'm saying like it a little nasal here, you know. Like that. Just keeps mumbling and mumbling. You're up to your old ways again. You're mumbling. I can't stand a damn thing you're saying. You hit this down on headphones on. I don't want those headphones on. You out of your mind. The half gallon ice cream container. They sweet standard of grocery store freezes for decades. Starting to shrink. While manufacturers over the years reduce the package size of everything from candy bars to dish detergent, the traditional ice cream brick. Remain what it was the half gallon. Not anymore. Not no mow. Now pinched by rising ingredient cost in a fridge to raise prices already above five bucks. At least two ice cream makers have started silently to phase it out the half gallon with 1.75 quart cartons that have fine smaller. On which I could publish that off. Ha ha ha ha. Huh? It's one point. It's one and three quarters. Now I can do that. Drires which is based in open California sells the drires and eaties brands so we're not fun to eaties. We like the people of CELIPO, but we don't like that. They can introduce in the smaller package in March. The new and old cartons can be found side by side during the transition identical in shape and design and price, but one has two courts, the other one and three quarters courts. We have over a hundred flavors and many of them because people are preferring indulgent chunky flavors. Cost more to produce than regular flavors like vanilla, said drires, folks woman, Dury Bailey. We like to keep the cost of the price that's more affordable to folks. The ones which sells primarily via a 7,000 vehicle feed of home delivery trucks made this which in 2000, one year, year of swans. Yes. I heard a swan. No twist. I've never heard of it. Other major ice cream makers including good humor, briars and turkey heel are sticking with a half gallon for now. I don't get it. First of all, why does there have to be a half gallon? There doesn't. Couldn't you just buy like a bunch of courts? And wouldn't they make you buy more that way if they were like clever, more clever packaging? Why do I have to buy a half gallon of ice cream? I give up. And I envision people who buy like seal test. What do they call me a pollin? You know the three of the chocolate vanilla strawberry? Yeah. That's for going on. Okay. Those are not the ones. Seriously. Definitely. For people with absolutely no taste at all. Neapolitan. Chocolate, strawberry, and vanilla. That's not strawberry. That's strawberry. Oh. That's almost as bad as plain vanilla ice cream. Yeah. Italy rejects pornography tax. Italian lawmaker's devoted not to impose a heavy tax on pornography. The government had proposed a living on a manufacturer, distribution and sale of pornographic magazines, films and video tapes. But the Chamber of Deputies voted 250 to 57 not to impose a 25% tax on the material. When Premier Sylvia or Bravazconi's conservative government, he's got to be the biggest crooked in the world today in government. I mean, even Osama, Yamama, and that well he's not in government. Masada Sadam Hussein. Small potatoes compared to Sylvia or Bravazconi who was over here shaking it with bush couple months ago. Remember that? Nope. When Premier Sylvia or Bravazconi's conservative government announced a proposal last month that sparked a debate among those opposed to such a high-livey, others said the government should ban porn outright not make money from it, etc. But they said no way, Osay. That's a good stuff. 5 6 7 0 5. I sure like to get a couple of calls in and between all this great stuff. As my pile continues to be, you know, we've got a huge pile. But they just aren't there, you know. Can you imagine if I was still just taking calls and I'd do all this other stuff? I can't. Here's Miami, hello. There you go. Yes, sir. I just wanted to say that I think that if you got to the shit that women actually could be surprised that what a woman could do with a golf club, you know. Yeah. And I've got one to tell you. I did no five in the got up. Okay, sir. I didn't know why there was no calls. Yeah. Seriously, how is it possible for an area of the size of South Florida to have no material about anything? Look at the stuff that we've talked about here today. Just in these first three hours. Staggering. We could write a book about it. And these people, but we don't even like that. It's very a bit terrifying. And yet, those months that we'd shut the phone down. Oh, gee, we want to hear those cars back. Like that call right there. He was pretty entertaining. Were they? No. I was sensation. He was super fine. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Speak now or hold it forever. That's my suggestion to you. Get with it now or lose it. You know, it's they're coming like one at a time now. They don't want over my worst. Same person. Here's Miami again. Hello. Hey, now are you done? Okay. I got a spy report. Every other day, whatever you talk about, the Schmidt head is talking about the same thing. Yesterday he was talking. Remember you mentioned about the chemicals going through the breeding. Right. A soldier's uniform. Exactly. Materials. A 330. Yeah. I'm worried. I think you're the cause of the listener. No, I don't think so because first of all. I'm pretty sure he doesn't because he does the show in the morning and then again in the afternoon in Tampa. So I'm the afternoon. Did you know that you and the morning I'm sorry. Let me see it again. He does a show in the morning. I think I don't know who carries it. Not in this market. And a show in the afternoon is on I would do, but it's also on he operates out of the body. Does the show from WFLA in Tampa. Right. So he's on on the same time. He's not opposite me because I'm not on that market. But he wouldn't be listening to my show because he's on the earth at that point. See, it's one of those stories that was on a wire serve. This is that wasn't like an exclusive to this program. So I'm out of the. But it's not only yesterday. I mean last week he was also talking something that he already had heard on your show. Yeah. I mean, I'm not the same thing. And I have to know. I just thought maybe he was a closet listener. But maybe maybe he's in a closet. Maybe he listens while he's going to show. He is simply pamper radio like I told you before he strictly pamper radio. And I said that before I knew where he was doing the show from. Remember when he first came on here, we thought he was doing the show at IOD. He's been doing a show at FLA and Tampa all along. And that show is vintage Tampa radio. I mean, it's exactly what you expect from WFLA week. He's a rush wannabe. He's like a minor league rush. And the only reason he's got any numbers is because he takes the right wing number from rush. And runs with you know what I'm saying? But that's his lead in. And by the way, spik in a lead in. Since that trend is coming out this afternoon. And I on record, you heard me say this many, many times. It's fight of most protestations. Throw a number in there for a small one a morning. Okay? Haven't I been saying that? Yes. Just this one time. We're not rooting against you. We're rooting for you because even if it's only for selfish reasons, we want those extra bonuses. Okay, baby. We want the entire station to have big goddamn juicy numbers. That's what it's all a boot. So throw one in there this time. Oh, for the game. When those numbers come out this afternoon, and what I'm going to be sitting right by the edge of my tax machine here. You believe me? Well, not on the edge. No, that even going to be close. I'll be out there. I'll be out shopping for rackins. Ice cream. No, I'm not going to be eating any ice cream. Half gallon. I'm serious. I got to get through at least a couple of days of this. I've gained some weight back. Especially when I was down there. That's when I gained the weight back. Right. And I go over to pizza loft, you know, pony tail and vice-mig. I got to come and see the new place and take my friend Marcy there. And we go in there. And he brings, they bring me a portion of food and offer to hold God damn radio station. It could have fed fat boy, fat Julio, and Josh Friedman and still had leftovers. I'd be like that. That's how much he brings me. And you wonder why I'm fat again? I was looking lovely there for a while for a couple of days. Wasn't that? Hmm. About five minutes. Sure. And it was a front-be wrinkle pants. 156. You just wait until you see that great thing. I'm going to be wearing from my buddies at Pompo Park when I come back. I'm going to stand right there in the window and show it right to Mo. Wippin' Outform. Hey, if you find yourself looking at a mirror speaking of a whole wondering, where the hell did the real hero go? Jesus, God Almighty. Where the hell did that here disappear to? Here's the answer. Check out fear where he's the only kind of world you ought to turn to. Somebody's people try to set your holes in the head. You know, for the implants, they actually drill holes in your head? Uh, some of them. I've seen that. Forget about it. The blood starts ripping down your forehead and people either they run like crazy and start screaming or they laugh their ass off at you. If you were in a piece like Sam Dommelson or like the one Bob Eisenberg used to wear their laugh and act you too. In fact, Bob Eisenberg oughta be a postage out for Chuck Alphiari because he used to look so silly made so much fun about the muskrad Don and is said what did he do? He went to Chuck Alphiari and for him he's looking pretty good now. How do you like that? So if we can do it even for Bob Eisenberg, we certainly can do it for you guys out there. The price is right. The system is 100% unprotectable. It looks like they really run out of your scalp and sort of like some barnyard animal done on your head. And if you mention he arranges when you call Chuck Alphiari, he gives you that special $200 QA in discount. Here's how it works. If you call it a cutie in for a free consultation, they'll sit you down and show you just how much better and younger Charlie can make you look. And if you don't love the way you look in fields and smells, Charlie gives you full refund up to 30 days. So make that call today because you got nothing loose but that ugly glaring balls spot and then reflection off the top of your shiny head. Call 1-800-321-2413. That's 1-800-321-2413 or log onto their website. Charles Alphiari.com My name is Michael Alphiari. I'm your sports video 560-USUAM. For that I do believe it be the one that will blow that one. Put on my thermal ones and I hurt him for the street. Just to get the best of hustling out, start him a filthy heat. I'm only a sheep people. Check it out my butt and fly sea. Yeah I got a first-class raser. It don't pitch the 10-month gene. But now I'm small and I'm woody. I'm fighting in a plazobotu in sea, I'm small and I'm woody. I feel like an act without a real. So close to the place. He was far more than two. Followed him up to the gate to prison. Just to see what he would do. He's close to the place he could be with. As he became far as room. There's a pretty little ghost. She's waiting for his post. Got him a jungle room. Where's far in Lord isn't man-fetched. It's feeling impossible to conceal. Stardy wood isn't man-fetched. I feel like a match-up without a real. Spontour isn't man-fetched. It's almost impossible to conceal. Spontour isn't man-fetched. I feel like a match-up without. Fellow 25-city W.C.M. speaking of diet, the pork wins out. They said hoated today 52-47 again to them a credit care for district what they called. The police on transfer provisions out of legislation creating a department of home-line security. The provisions which include liability protections for pharmaceutical manufacturers and companies that develop anti-terrorism technologies. In other words, pork for big business have been inserted in the legislation by House Republicans and approved by the House last week. This is an atrocious demonstration of the meaning the legislative process that a majority leader Tom Bachelse said before the vote. They ought to be ashamed of themselves. The ruling Senator Phil Graham Republican attacks have said it was not worth risking the overall bill by stripping out the provisions. I think that's a risk not worth taking and I further believe the bill is a better bill with the set provisions in a Graham said as he wiped the jewel office chin. The bill if enacted would create a 170,000 employee department dedicated to fighting domestic terrorism. President Bush has said getting the bill signed in law this year is a top priority. More votes on legislation are scheduled today but it was not clear when the vote on final passage would take place because of an expected debate to final vote may not take place today. Yesterday Senator John McCain Republican and Arizona not said he would sell the Democrats on the vote to strip the seven provisions from the bill. But most moderates opposed that Democratic effort and said it to Dean Barkley the independent from Minnesota vote or their Republicans. Thanks a lot, Jesse. This he been sure in a fit of peak. All of a way they indifference because the Republican one anyway. Norm Coleman. The umptiest Republican from Minnesota one anyway, right? Right. So he'd been in there anyway. Wouldn't he? Wouldn't he? No, not today. What's today? The I don't know what the date is. Well, eventually. 5 6 7 0 5 60. Look at away these call are coming in one at a time. You notice here's Kendall. Hello. Hey Neil, what's up? Yes sir. How you doing? I caught the tail end of the that 40 tax. How I would be intending on taxing for photography was it like the amount of sex acts you've had a team of all. Yeah, by by the scorch court by the orgasm. Yeah. You will be funding a job. Hey. Okay. Have a great day. What have you said? Kind of begging new phone. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT and T. Oh, look at this good morning. The old you mentioned the Kendall worth hotel or might've been in the end of the happen. In 56 or 57 when I came down to visit my grandparents who spent every winter here at these Saxony hotel. I remember that well Saxony the Atlantic towers. All those run down old hotels up there north. You know what I'm talking about? No. Yeah, you do like in the central part of the beach. You know, between where the fountain blown the Eden Rock are right now. I would say I was 14 or 50 and wanted to go out and find out there's my own age with whom to spend evenings. I didn't want to hang around by grandparents and their friends. A few of us this kids decided to go to hotel hopping. We wound up at the Kendall worth and walk into lobby. I was wearing a mizzosa around my neck. Oh, I received a couple years before I as a bar mitzvah person. So was obvious to anyone who saw that I was Jewish. We had been wandering around the lobby for about five minutes when a man came up to us and said I had to leave the hotel. When I protested I'd done nothing to deserve being thrown out of the hotel. He said to me, you are a Jew, aren't you? I said something like, sure, so what? To which you replied, we don't allow dogs or Jews in here so get out. I was shocked in my 14 or 15 years of life I'd never been exposed to anything like this. I had no idea that things like this happened was a wake-up call to me. When I told my grandparents about it the next day they told me that that type of thing happened where they came from quite often. They tried to explain it to me but never could. That incident more than anything else I can remember shaped my belief that discrimination in any form is a great wrong. Absolutely correct Bob. Just pops you guys into facts. Remember Bob? I do know. So there you go. And of course you notice we're not gonna be sponsored on that because they all be calling in the mad dog about to tiger it about the New York Times editorial. And to be calling out all the other shows the sports they're chose, where they can get the sympathy. All these women go, go, Bob, there's somebody else. And I guarantee if it was Jews, if it was black, if it was Hispanics, there was the Chinaman's chance in hell and this day and eight. Or if it was Chinaman. There was no chance in hell that they'd say, oh well we're not gonna let that mean either and expect CBS to continue covering it and sponsors to continue in the future subsidizing it. No chance. But women, like I said, knock them up. Let them stay in the kitchen in the bedroom and get them out of our face. That's what George says. And you did. And that just works like a term. Here's Miami Beach, hello. That's a soup. You have to soup is the name of the piece soup in Holland. Yeah. Yeah. Hello. Yes. Are you there? I heard you, yes. Okay, no, I didn't hear any response. Well what am I supposed to be sponsored? No, no, because you were talking about earlier. I just wanted to get the right word out of it. Yeah. Hey, what are you doing in Toronto anyway? What am I doing? I'm enjoying it very much. What do you mean this kind of weather? What does that mean? No, it's great. It's great down here. At the moment. Yeah. It's great right here. It's like 4.43. I have no problem with it. I'll be an Amsterdam, not too distant future. It'll be like in the 30s and 40s. There was a while with that. Oh no, I just think, you know, I want to go to my shop. Or myself up with some of that great piece soup. Okay. Yeah. And then you put the sausage in there? Yeah. Put little sausage in there too, right? Because I always have a problem here when the order is here. I also have to order it with no bread. Never leave out the sausage. Okay. Donk of hell. Put some. I'm going to get out of here. You're done. You're done. 560-50560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Oh. We want the calls. That's different. That's kind of cold Friday. He was one of the old-time best. They're paying you all that money to take phone calls. No, they're not. Get it, you are. Maybe he can a little bit then a smoothie can give him a date. Speaking of Dennis, what a great segue to even realize it. A priest who is accused but never convicted of child molestations been defrapped by Pope John Paul the Tooth for disobeying orders not to serve as a priest in public. Anthony Chepoa. But the sauce. Anthony Onion. Anthony Chepoa, 50-9 is in room to meet with the Kenon Lord to discuss a peating the Pope's ordered lay-assize him and could not be immediately reached. The Vatican decreased states that the penalty is unappealable, said Ronald Langwin spokesman for the Pittsburgh Dies sees. I've never encountered anything like this, Bishop. A Donald Whirl of Pittsburgh said there's a fish never ends to indicate Chepoa didn't seem to understand the seriousness of all of this. It wasn't clear when Chepoa was defrapped but church officials told the Pittsburgh Post who said for the additions on what they exist. On Sunday that it happened recently. Chipoa has been a very small station charges against him that first surface the 1978 one of his accusers sued an 88 in the Pittsburgh Dies he settled in case 93. World has been battling two disciplines Chipoa since becoming Bishop an 88. Chipoa was ordained in 1972 he was charged a 1970 with lost a nine year old boy who went to his rectory for the first communion instruction. The boys mother later dropped the charges saying she was pressured by church officials. Another man, Tim Vendig 33 sued an 88 alleging that Chipoa began molesting him when he was 12 he said they've used continued till he was 17. Probably got too old at that point like Michael Jackson's Chimp bubbles. The Dies he settled at case over to Polos of Detsions in 93 five years after World had removed him from public ministry but a lot of remain a priest. Chipoa has not had an official priest these time and since church officials said 91 he appealed his removal from public ministry to the Vatican which ordered him reinstated 93. World refused to comply with the Vatican's order returned to Rome which Chipoa's file including the 78 police arrest report in 95 of Vatican reversed itself and Chipoa was again officially fired from public ministry. Anthony onions sounds like a mobster. World petitioned the Vatican in may asking the Pope to lay aside Chipoa meaning no longer could celebrate mass or receive final support from the Dies he's will said the final straw is report that Chipoa was recognized while trying to celebrate a mass that a church in Rome of all places. The assistant officials said to Polo repeatedly served public as a priest in violation of the 95 ban. How do you like that? They said you're ban. He said no not you're not going to do it anymore. Yes I am. Real mess in there you know in fact Dennis talk about doing productive things and said a wasting your time calling about your stupid radio talk shows. You ought to be in there cleaning up the mess in your own church Dennis there's no mess. You ought to be cleaning up your clock. Here's North Lauderdale. Hello. Yes sir. Good afternoon. I was talking about the Augusta big controversy about the gentleman's club not allowing the women in. Yeah. We're seeing a few months ago on another show and apparently the lady that heads the National Organization for Women's Rights went to the sponsors of the Augusta tournament and threatened to boycott their products and when the owner of the golf course heard that he called up our sponsors and basically fired him and he's going to put up the $7 million that's going to cause the broad cabinet game. He's going to be independent so you know he's not worried about sponsors he doesn't want women in his club and it's kind of funny but it's not. It shouldn't be a big deal about the woman playing golf course. I mean it's money in your pocket but the lady's made some noise and the guy answered right back and fired his sponsor so he's putting it up himself. Now that's not what we mean. This is that he fired the sponsors. He said to avoid the controversy and all the hysteria that would go on. They would subsidize the cost themselves and the sponsors could lay out. They're going to run it next year. Oh, so it's just going to be the one you're going to be a permanent deal. I wouldn't bet on it. I'm thinking they're going to like well who knows. I don't know. You think it's a long run. The guy's going to make money off the seat or way. So I just think it's a good. Well, we don't know. We don't want to know. Brods in that good old boys club man. Anybody get worried about it. Get so I can see you. You have a great day. Good old hoody Johnson man. And it's interesting that people like to mad dog and all the sportsers on this station align themselves with a Yahoo. Like hoody Johnson. I mean, I don't want to align myself with that bookbridge, but you know just because she's the spokesman in this particular case. That's not the real issue. But hoody Johnson and people of his mentality there in Augusta, Joja, that is the issue because that's where they're coming from. And in fact, you know why they probably are from probably from Aintree. Eh? Hahaha wouldn't surprise me. I wouldn't surprise me that they were to appear up there in the woods. In fact, he probably the surviving one. Remember the one that got away right away. That's not nice to talk to you. He thought I did like a lot. He won't get away. Oh. About 13 at 5.60W. He sure has some snappies as Fenr's though. Even little king has a crowd of it. There's never been a better time to buy a new home where we find that to resisting home then right now as I speak. Hell yes. How about this unbeatable rate of only 3.95%. That's right. Fenr Group can offer you an unprecedented 3.95% and all you got to do to take advantage is this is call them and find out what it's all about. Confedential Group toll free in 1-800-940 L.E. and D. Tom Todd direct tweeted a call. That's 1-800-9405363. The money you're going to save is- I'm going to get you break. Think about it. You can get yourself a hundred thousand dollar loan from a 450 bucks a month. Or a $200,000 loan for only $150. The process is simple. You'll save thousands of dollars each year. So call our good piezons at Fenr Group and 1-800-940-0. Because there's never been a smarter time to get you a low interest rate than right now. Call Fenr Group and be on the way to big savings. Fenr Group is an equal housing lender. You listening hoody? There are an equal housing lender. Queter restrictions do apply and rates are subterranean. So call now toll free 1-800-940-L.E. and D. That's 1-800-9405363. And low. This is 4-2056. You ain't here. That's a man on your. If you like climb bike bars, you'll love bull bike bars. Hey you, what would you do for a bull bike bar? What's a bull bike bar? It's a big iron bar that bull bike's hitman with. Say you're a man. I can do anything. Oh, I can do anything for a bull bike bar. Here. Have another one. You big bull bike bars. If you're a man, you don't have to do anything. Just hang around and odds are you'll get one. Oh, I've got that. You big, you big, you big man. You big man. Prop 17 and 5-60. I think that's what they're really hoody in the crowd. They're hoody in the bull fish. What they're psychotic about there. And I got to say I want to big bunch of bull likes. Start to join in there. Right. I'm pretty happy to see you. So let me ask you was Ben right. Here's my me, B. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. What is this line here? The guy's the wall out of women. Number one. Number two. What's this? The link is not feeling too good. Yeah. Okay. It's only the top story. And a guy named, uh, It's all the sports pages today, pal. New York Times editorial yesterday. 5-6705. What ever in hell I was supposed to mean? Okay. By the way, time to put your teeth back in for the next call. 5-670560. 5-660. On the AT&T. And Verizon wireless line. Terminal. Here's Pompano. Hello. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Okay. Like I said, let's get to my stuff out. How is it? Always during the noon to one hour. I mean, you have to squeeze out whatever you can between like nine to noon. But then between noon and one. So I somebody just pulled a plug. Was always there out to lunch? They got time. What does that mean? That they got time to make a call from their little cat. Oh, these people. This crowd, I see. How much more can Wittly take? We're not talking about Ray with me. Come on. Now what do you give me? I don't want to the Kelly Ripa story. Okay. It's way down. It's way down here. Okay. In my pilot's about like number five in my tabloid. It's pretty clear about Wittly anymore. How they don't? She's washed out. She's still shrieking it out. And nobody cares. And good old downtown Bobby Brown. He doesn't care anymore. Kelly Ripa's secret. Wait, wait a minute. Yeah. She's going to secret collapse. Oh, health nightmare. Ripping pregnant star apart. And I got news for her. She all and also what about many me's pain. Tiny standards. We have to kick you out. Who's habit? Well, what are you going to be that? I feel sorry for her. Well, we'll get into that. But anyway, Keller Rippock. Whatever an elder name is. Kelly Ripa's being ripped apart by devastating panic and anxiety attacks that are destroying her sleep attack and health and living are mentally and physically exhausted. The tremendous stress of working to jobs while being pregnant during for two small children and dealing with intense family problems as thrusting 32 year old beauty in way desperate battle to hold her life together. Kelly's being ground down by night terrors that repeatedly jah her way cold sweats, shortness of breath disorientation aches and pain and annoying feeling of being overwhelmed. While she appears bright and perky on live with Regis and Kelly all over the ugly, the talented performer citing a secret collapse from the show's viewers. The constant pressure came to a head when Kelly flew from a nearer comb for an October 20th year when he event on a west coast. Kelly returned home completely, hung out and fell apart in front of her devoted husband Mark Concewellos sources say. Kelly solved and gas per breath as she told Mark how the anxiety in life is consuming her inside of the vozzie and choir she collapsed. Mark tried desperately to help his wife but she cried herself in a completed exhaustion. Are you like working off her real sympathy for her? No, I'm not either. She must be sick. Why didn't she ask why I was way down on my pile? I thought it was something spicy. It's not spicy. It's just another one. It was sympathy. I thought it was a pop piece. We kept teasing it. You didn't say it. I kept teasing it because the pictures in there show you how ugly she really is. That's why. That's why there was any big. It was spicy thing. It was a spicy thing. You heard it yesterday. Okay. She's definitely one of the spicy girls. Now many me that's another story. Vurn. And here's a picture of hard drink and vurn taking a swig of a mini beer. Half-pine actor Vurn Trier has entered rehab to kick the deadly booze habit that almost killed him. And recovery at a rubber-downy juniors giving him a boost out of the wagon. The 32-inch tall star who plays mini me in the Austin Powers movies, checked into wavelengths we have syndrome and malibu acted in court reported that exclusively in September. He'd been hospitalized for a near fatal bout of alcohol poisoning. When you're that small, I guess you don't have to drink an awful lot. Nope. To check out? Right. Something good came out of the bad publicity vurn's problem was finally out in the open of friend declared vurn realized he had a stop drinking. He knows he could have died from his wild vendor just before Labor Day. The inquire story was a real wake of call. This is kind of like the inquire of how to get soft on a back like we saved his life. He chose to go to wavelengths to place credit with helping Downey stay sober for more than a year because he felt the centers to have programs included canyon location offered him the best chance of getting sober and staying alive. Downey used to authentically mean he's at wavelengths. As vurn's guardian angel since the miniature movie star decided to turn his life around the friend told the inquire. With all the respect that still rather have Timmy from passions. Just. Looks like her eyes are going to pop right out of her head. Vurn feels he doesn't have to explain his feelings to Robert when vurn feels shaky turns to Robert to get him over the hump. Vurn is allowed to leave the vibes and vurn is reasons and sometimes Robert meets up with him. He told vurn on there for your brother the hardest part is staying away from the temptations of this vinnis. And it goes on a great length but like you said. Who cares? I'd rather have Timmy still around. When you? Oh yeah. You don't know from the anime. He's been in a lot of things and he wasn't something else here the day and I don't remember what. Oh the grinch. You saw who the other day. Little Timmy in an older movie like you really. I wish. Because I had never seen that. When's his new stuff coming out? Here's Miami. Hello. Yes sir. Hey. I don't know if you saw your colleague last night on the porch camp prior to the. Monday night came. But I'm not because they don't carry sports in here. It's all over. Never. Okay. All right. I forgot about that. But anyways. It's compared phrase. The mad doggy with old man. He came out and said he goes, why can't we have a place where we can drink beer Smucks, the guards. Make guy bodily function noises and just be ourselves. And I would imagine that the tree hugging, Charternais, the guy who was sitting people will be calling and show all afternoon. So it's probably a great lead in first show. Probably going to have great numbers. But he's right. Why? Why do people want to belong? Where they're not wanted. I mean, I can understand if it was a thing where you're going to make money. And it's restriction to trade. But the social group and they don't want them. So some other as if they still didn't want black people there. Any hangs up that scene with that card. So I said, he told you what for. Oh, I see. And then he's quoting. Get your own material. By the way, he's quoting the mad dog and sharden A-sipping whatever the other crap is, you know, which is just another. Yeah. Just another homophobic slurers all that crap is, you know, light in the loafers, sharden A-sipping all the. And not as much as these guys who want to sit around and belch in fart. Guess what they do have those places. It's called a bar. Call a bar. We're not talking about a pickup bar. And by the way, it kind of broads that they're going chasing after in a pickup bar. I probably also belching and farting and doing the wrong thing there too. And then you notice every time you bring up the thing in it's so obvious. And it's right there staring you in the face. Here's the number one golfer in the world. Assuming golf is important, which it's not. Here's the number one guy in the youth. This was heads and shoulders above everybody else. Maybe the greatest of all time. He's half black half Taiwanese or whatever it is, mix and match. Right. A little more time. I wrote a thing. Yeah. And not too many years ago. I think what was it? 11 years ago that they left the first black member in the Wagasta. Not come any years ago. They wouldn't know what his ass in there. And it don't confuse us with the fact that not the same. He's a guy, you know, right. Right. You're dealing with a bunch of bigoted redneck Yahoo. So, okay, is what you're dealing with. And Amanda, I've got to be ashamed of himself. Can't ask guys. And yeah, you can have it. Just don't expect a guy there in the public. The network sent those sponsors to subsidize it. And if CBS sports decides that they want to go ahead and show it, which they're going to do, then they're going to take a lot of flight from it, which they deserve. That's the way it works. They're going to be a lot of people boycotting and marching and demonstrating in protesting. Because that's the way things start unraveling. That's how you get. That's how you break down the barriers of prejudice and bigotry and stupidity. And quite frankly, if I want to be aligned, even though she is a militant bitch this berk woman, if I want to be aligned with the cause, I sure as how it wouldn't want to be aligned with Hudie Johnson and a bunch of Georgia rednecks a bunch of Yahoo's, but I eat to which it's own. 26 past noon at the Shardon A. Sipping and all the same old trite lines get your own material. That's why he ran away so fast. God forbid you should have answered a question with his own response. 26 past noon at 5. 60 WQM Thanksgiving. Everybody's going to be flocking home to be together again. Even women are allowed. I guess they got to do the cooking. Gathered around the table with delicious homemade food and family traditions after all it's not the turkey that makes the meals special. It's the people. Getting ready for hungry guests can be really stressful, especially if they stay overnight. If you're having a house full for Thanksgiving, let Dalamatress make her holiday preparations a little bit easier. Now's the time to call 1-800 mattress and get the new mattress in before house guests get there. If they already told you they're coming or if you don't hear from them till the night before, Dalamatress can delivery top quality ceiling, service and King Royal Macris. The very same day you call them. Obviously, if you don't have Dalamatress for years and I'm telling you one thing, even though I may be a wreck, my back is in great shape. Call Dalamatress right now at 1-800 mattress and talk turkey with a bed and consult the choose from the very best mattresses at even better unbelievable price. Unbeatable. You can rest easy the Thanksgiving. Know that everybody is sleeping and comfort. So get ready for the holidays now by calling 1-800 mattress. Be sure and tell them that old Neil and fat boy told you to call that's mandatory. Neil and fat boy. One-800 mattress for Dalamatress, brand name bed. Same day service call them now. Be sleeping like a baby tonight. And look, this is for 305-60. Wait a minute. Yeah, I don't have a clue. Just think that I could not be home. That day would keep quite a zone of storm. And now the years are fast for carping fields. As long as the sun is on the plate, you can feel it. If I can see it, then I can do it. If I just believe it, then they're mature hips. I'm a big cat of fire. I believe I can touch your fire. You can see it on video tape. Don't give a more than try to rage. If a power comes home. You see me running through that open door. I'm a big cat of fire. How young is too young? I'm a big cat of fire. I'm a big cat of fire. That's not a big one. Did you see Tatha Rose. Does anyone here do it 5-60-55 IoT Qht? We don't have it. We don't know if this radio station has angery. It's a sports club. But I suppose you start with a microphone. We do have as many students? We have a huge webinar. But we're sure it's new. in the BN guys. That's hardly the image that the master is especially of all of golf tournaments that that gives. People like Jack Nichols and the Tiger Woods in his crowd, this blue rose crowd, they don't give the impression of the kind of you know, guys that sit around like a farting in your face. You see what I'm saying? Yeah. Find a sports bar, okay, that's the place to go. Good sports bar, we like it. Oh, that's so gui mad dog. In fact, he does a show that that's show this guy's talking about sports jam. He's jamming in there on a, in those bars. You know, he can fart and drink and booze it up. I love your green lizards and do whatever I want. It's just a tragic excuse for a much of discriminatory assholes is what it is. And maybe the fact that they figure that most of these women to golfers are diced anyway, that might be also lurking in the back of their mind. You think? Oh, no. Not in Joe Dint. Here's my me, B. Hello. New? Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay. Hey, listen, I'm going to talk about my corner for saying I'm not a golf fan. I didn't know who who he Johnson was the fall and stuff with a gutter. You didn't give a hoot? I didn't give a hoot. But I have it a penny, man. It's, you know, it is a private club. I think, you know, I don't know, you know, I'm a Hispanic. I know he wouldn't accept me in his club. But then again, I wouldn't want to belong to a club that wouldn't accept me anyways. That woman who's trying to bust on the doors of a gutter. Why don't you just filter your own golf club and have it just for women? I don't understand why. In fact, I think probably Rosa Parks should have built her own bus too. Yeah, I mean, I mean, I mean, they did, you know, fill with a public place and they were, you know, not allowing a certain group of people and then, you know, that's a problem. No, you see, this is like a dog chasing its tail. Okay. And the guy that called from before from the beaches, right? It's old-scale news because, you know, it just keeps saying the same thing over and over again. A private club can do whatever it only wants. But that doesn't mean that a major network should glorify it and put it on the ear and that major sponsors are the subsidized it. That's what the issue is. See, don't confuse a lot of these people with a real issues. Which is why, who do Johnson and his crew of our of Luna Ticks said, okay, well, we'll just dispense with the spouses. We'll put the bill ourselves this time. That will eliminate the issue so that we don't have to cave in and let those them bitches get in here. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. The jury wasn't told about when on his powerful pain killer, Oxy condone, that when on ahead and her purse when she was arrested, the morphine, the derivative is so popular on the streets as known as Hildelie heroin. You got any? Yeah. But because when on his doctor gave her the Oxy codone, Oxy condone. No, no, it's not Oxy condone. What's the difference, Oxy? Do you think I'd be having problem be reading here, man? Maybe Oxy codone. Oxy Oxy C O D O N E. That never heard of it. Smuck. For I'm telling you, you're mumbling man. But because when on his doctor gave her the Oxy codone, the judge dismissed the felony drug possession charge that was originally brought against the actors. However, is the incredibly risky oldy physician is being investigated by authorities. Another knowledgeable source is close to the inquarer that Judge Elden Fox knows of one on his drug problems because he saw all the charges in motion filed, and although he refused to allow it into evidence he also knows he's been suspected of shoplifting before. Judge Fox ruled against letting jury's her about the prior alleged tax but he since released court transcripts that revealed the sticky fingered star was suspected of stealing from other high end departments due to the forher arrested sex. The girl interrupted her when was never charged with a two-led incident said, Barney's and one at Lehman Marcus, the information was released to the press of number 10, but the inquire published the accusations for the month before an early October. Well, that's her for the inquire. Well, they sure like to pat themselves on a back, don't they? All the time. The next big hurdle for when O'Neill's release, December 6th sentencing said the knowledgeable source, even though the prosecutor is not asking for jail time, the judge could send her to jail for up to three years and couldn't happen. To stay out of jail when O'Neill must be able to show him she's been doing something to deal with both her shoplifting and drug problems, friends and even a juror, interviewed by the inquire after the trial, hope the talented beauty queen comes to grips with their problem. They wanted to grip it. I think the embarrassment of the public tron fact that she was found guilty may scare when O'Neill's sober said the juror, and I guess that when O'Neill's learned her lesson that'd be surprised if she ever shopped it again. How do you like that? And you know something? I still don't give her crap. No. I rather hear about Dave Ryder than when O'Neill Ryder. I rather hear about Mitch Ryder in the Detroit wheels than when O'Neill Ryder. Small potatoes. Here's a call from the Grove, hello. Hey, how are we going? Okay. I was going to make a comment about the master's thing. I think you hit it on the head when you did say it is a private facility and they are going to flip the bill. If you look at some of the other things they deal with women and I guess you're talking about homosexuality, you know, the boy's out to America don't allow homosexuals, but what they make about a big issue. Well, Whitman, who's making it a big issue? Anybody in the general media? Of course they made it a big issue. That's one of the reasons that they lost their funding all in states and counties all around the country. All right. They're discriminating. And then the next thing you look at is say the Citadel, they didn't accept women. Yeah. And the reason they didn't accept women is because they said that they didn't have the pay for it. Yeah. Well, the states told them that they didn't pay the rye women, that the state funding was going to go away. Uh-huh. The Citadel couldn't afford it so they had to accept women. And there's a whole bunch of women in there, a whole bunch of cadets. Right. Now the masters can afford the pay for it because they are a private organization. They can flip the bill. How come there is a one-year people that wants to continue defending this? There is a one-year-old who will respond to my question if Tiger Woods were not permitted and they're because he was black. Do you think that CBS would televised it? I'm sure they probably would. It's the longest running. That game one other major golf championship that's been the same golf course that was in its entirety. Oh my god. Oh, you know something I give up. I'm right there. That call, bottle it, preserve it, freeze dry it, put it in the old Colossity bag. That call is everything that's wrong with this radio station is people like that. This guy is even better than the guy who said to mad dog after that big weekend. The Miami win over who had a hell of a wasp as you. And the hirke, the dolphin would over Denver that we kind about four or five weeks back. Aren't we blessed to be here at subfloated gym? I've talked to people all across the country. Are we blessed? You guys are idiots. You're mull ons. You're simple things. What difference is it making if it's the longest running tournament? What the hell doesn't have to do with anything? What what does that mean? That's like saying, well, you know, the New York Yankee, the Boston Reds Us, which everyone came first, is the longest running baseball organization in history of major league baseball. Therefore, we can't let the Jackie Robinson join the Dodgers or whatever. You see what I'm saying? Oh no, where's the logic in that? And this guy's got the clip of the balls to say to me that he believes that if they didn't let Tiger Woods in her because he was black, that CBS would still televised it. You better bet your ass they wouldn't televised it, Mr. And there wouldn't be one person on this radio station defending that if they didn't let him in there. So you pick and choose who you want to discriminate against. And let me say it again. Make it very clear. They got to write to do whatever the hell they want. All those red next up in Augusta. But that doesn't mean that the public should subsidize it or they never should embrace it. It's at a disgrace. Can you relate to that mentality? It's the longest running golf tournament. What does that mean? I'm kind of figured out. Well, what is it proof? There's been slavery going on for 2,000 years to it. Is that the zemime we should perpetuate it? Sure. And the classic churches, the oldest Christian church in the world, therefore they should be able to do whatever they want. Yeah, well, the Jews were here first, Mr. Oh, the Zoroasterians were here before them. Exactly. 20 till 1. Oh, that's just, I'm seriously, I'm weak. I'm weak from that. I feel like El Martino. I'm weak. I need to slap in the face. Well, let's face it. You've been hearing about fast grain for a long time and it made the wonder to make sense for you. The facts are simple. How to simple is that last caller, but the facts are very simple. If you had that education fast-trink and provide you with the necessary training, you'd become a certified computer professional. According to the time magazine that a man for computer professionals will continue to explode. The rabid student completes the training in just four short months, attending school three nights a week. Once you complete your certification fast-trink and up you and getting your new computer job. Fast-rain advice you to come and visit our train career counselor and determine which track is ideal for you. Call fast-trained at 1-866 fast-trained to set up your appointment. With work in Dini locations, there's Bombay a fast-trained near you. There's one in Miami, in Kendall, Pembroke Ponds and Fort Lauderdale. Don't forget to ask the career counselor for listed students like yourself, or curly-and-the-dream jobs. Call fast-trained toll-free at 1-866 fast-trained. Uh, that's 1-866 fast-trained or check them out on that web if you like it. Fast-trained.com. One of those 10 pounds this weekend, 1048, the Hollywood 40-at-our miracle diet. I lost 10 pounds, but it was no miracle, that's not the sour milk. It was 48 hours of hell. I feel it's 48 hours straight. I feel so hot, my soul fell out! Who's up to 10 pounds safely in 48 hours? If you can chunk your own liver, was an Olympic event, I would have brought home the goal! That's how I feel right now, in 8-0-1245-560 WCR 650 Votes, which team we never slants the news the most. Facts, 220-8, 220-8, all of them on 56, CNN-89, CBS-70, NBC-69, ABC, I mean, what a drop-off, ABC-20, MSNBC's got 12, that's a whole audience, none of them six. What do you think? Don't you think that because the masters have been there so long, making pick and choose and I'm going to be a sour to be there with bells on, huh? We ought to be sitting around. Let's face it, I don't care what you say, but it's just started on me again that all these macho heterosexual males that have a lot of them don't like women. You notice that? Yeah, George. They like using them for whatever purposes they can get. I've got a great length to stay away from that. I would say you, I just said, comma, George. Ah, yeah. You're taking it like so personal, this is business and you're taking it personal. Here's Miami, hello. Well, yes, sir. I know. You know, he accepted his membership to a goctu, not long ago, was a loophole. You know, the cogey accepted his membership, but they actually, he's an old boy. Yeah, I guess, but they actually turned down Chris Bush because he had a crush on me. Ah, he's starting again. Oh, man. A voice from the past, don't go lay mad pals, let's go away. Go hide in the bush. Here's a keybiscay in, hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. Uncle Neil, you're the best and you know it, buddy. Yeah, I do. Hey, I've told myself that you're closer to Minnesota, any investigations to the death of all well-own. No. Haven't heard of word. No, the only thing I read was that psychotic piece by Cheryl Seal. But what is the word, what were they even here? What's the word you've been here? Not getting there anything, but the whole government chain. If I was the one who would remember the Supreme Court, I'd be pretty scared right now. Yeah, what do you mean, pretty scared? I'll do it. They're going to, you have to be scared. Now that we got these people in a confirmed all these right-wing judges, it's just a matter of time before they die off. They don't have to off anybody. Not that this guy's paranoid or anything like that. 567, but this last hour of he did, it's like a movement of like that, you know? Yeah, I know. Pretty good, it is matter of fact. 567, 0560, 0560, 0560. You're a faggot, you're just one of those guys. You're just sucking up to them, women out there. You're one of them, you know, sucking up to them, bullbikes. That's what it's all about. You're not a real man like the other people on your radio station. Right. Remember the day we took the pool on this thing? There was a month ago. Yeah. But they should be forced to require to keep up. Oh no, it's a private club they can bring in, but they want it. And it's not for God that it was the oldest, our continued was running. Goll Truman, excuse me, if I would have known that. Here's Kendall, hello. I need a light doing. Okay. Very long time since I spoke to you. I listened to you every day. Archie Codon, you know what that is? Percussette. Okay. So there's a difference. There's Archie Codon, and then there's Archie Codon, which is the generic name. And then there's Archie Moran. And there she is. So yes, he definitely is in a hard-closed up and for some reason, doctors freak out more about the purpose of it and let's say if I could enter other, you know, pain relief like that, I don't know why they always make such a big deal. I'm not sure. So small potatoes. I don't know what the big deal is with her anymore. What an idiot. What an idiot. And that guy who called about the, gee well, it's been that way for so long. Why don't we just leave it to go these out of the club? Yeah. We're the coolest. Love you. See ya. I mean, that's basically what the guy is saying. He has the balls to tell me that if they didn't allow black people in her, including Tiger Wood, CBS would still go ahead and tell about it because it's been on and long. And they might as well shut the CBS. I wrote off the air if they did that. Are you crazy? You see, you sports nerds out there. You don't understand though. I know this comes as a tremendous shock. And you may have to sit down and like strap yourself in for a couple minutes. But the world doesn't revolve around your silliness. I know that comes as a tremendous shock. Yeah. But the world doesn't revolve around your golf games and your ball games and your slap grab ass and hazing and all of a sudden, it doesn't revolve around that crap. In fact, most people who have reached the maturity level beyond the age of like 17, laugh at a lot of that crap or our embarrassed by it or both. Well, you know, Jim, that's a, that's a slap and slap ass. That's just part of the game. You know. We, you know what, we should have a treasure trove of somebody's great calls. Far surpass any collection of comedy bits that we could ever make. Some of these just unbeatable calls. Oh, yeah. Well, you know, it's just part of the game. These guys slap and each other on a butt, you know, it's just a part of the game. Yeah, I know what's game they're talking about like we said. Faggery. That's usually part of the game. I know it's about. Put your hand on some guys. Rectom ass. But anyway, don't confuse these people with a fact to get very uptight. And then they start analyzing these things. Well, maybe it doesn't make a lot of sense. But it's just the way it is, you know, it's just the way guys act like that. He's doing things. Make your off set about. It's just boys being boys. Don't you understand it? Oh, yeah. I understand it. They want to like rip off. Got other guys underwear and their examiner private parts and fuddle their genitals and white hang on their ass and stick ballpoint pins and their. Rectom. Which is not a big guy's man. Just because it happens to be between the naval and the knees, it's just one of those things. 10 to one. Five, 60. WQM. You're silly sports station. It's your silly station for silly people. And that's why we do so well because there's a lot of silly people out there. If I were to know, it was the longest running gulter. I think I'd probably change my whole altitude. You know what? I'd lowered my chair right down to the goddamn flow. Now that you know, early on man, no matter whether you're black, white, purple and between only my good stuff to pop in your post. Early on my Mediterranean formulas are advanced combinations of pharmaceutical grade olive oil combined with great stuff. Vitamins, minerals, urbles, or is it probels as some people say I sure hope not. And other nutrients scientifically designed to provide natural nutrition solutions to help you support specific parts of your health, like your cholesterol level and all kinds of good stuff. Now they got three brand new formulas. All of us, all your meds got product to help you sleep. Want to help you control your weight and cook you 10, which is very important for your heart. And all their products use the benefits of the final stockable and money can buy. But I tend to those sirens out there go and nuts. Tone it down a little bit out there. All you meds and outstanding products that's available all over town at public seconds and Walgreens for more information call all you med tool free. 1, 866, all you med. That's 1, 866, 65, 360, 633. You can also order their products online if you prefer at oliomedamerica.com. Don't forget it's Tuesday, small hill tonight. And if you visit inners publics and purchase an oliomed product in day to brown you can get you a coupon for a free Larry Coaker Babel head doll was supplies last. See what I mean? Don't forget to visit their Santa Fe in the sports time every Sunday when the dolphins are playing home games. Pick up for your health. Some free oliomed samples soon and start popping it in your post today. 1, 866, all you meds and purchase an oliomed product. You can also order their products online. Thump the bitch right now. Neals not here today. Instead the management of WQAM and all their infinite wisdom is proud to present. And another goddamn sports show. Someone to thank all my hundred dog friends for calling in today. Boballs and day the hello. Hey, what's up buddy? How's my hundred dog friend? Okay. What's going on? What about sport? Yeah. Not much in this town man. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Bobman new. I think today. Well that's good. My hundred dog friend. Hey, you want to feel like a man like a sports man. Yeah. Sports kind of guy. All right. You ready? Yeah. I'm ready. I'll start okay. Okay. Okay. Here we go. Wait. Wait. Wait. Wait. Wait. Wait. Wait. Wait. Wait. Wait. Wait. Wait. Wait. Wait. Wait. Wait. Wait. Wait. Wait. Wait. Wait. Wait. Wait. Wait. Wait. Wait. Wait. Wait. Wait. Wait. Wait. Wait. Sure. I see him a lot. Yeah. He's around in a pot. 1257 at 560 WMU. I never got to the store in panic in the palace. William collapses as World Trash Mom. Look at the headline one of these brick newspapers. A heartlet, a trowel and a horror. Never got to that. Scandalous. Yeah. Never got to a lot of stuff today because we had to take these really nifty calls. And it's interesting of all the things I talked about. The one that actually got a little bit of response. Yeah. Was this one about Augusto and Mansteree's and about. Wow. You know. And every ex you son of the son. It's a private club and it's the longest one in continuous golf. And therefore, but it beat the notebook, but about, etc. And so on. It's called rationalizing the irrational. In addition to which, who really gives a crap when you can write down to it, I just brought it up because of that one story, which is about the hundred thing I had in there today. Nobody response anything else I'm talking about, which is usual. I accept that. But this is the one they all come out because this is a guy thing, baby. Like that great sports show that I used to be on opposite us on the fan. Remember that show? I remember. And the sales crew, certain ones, which I don't want to mention in my name, running around building saying, oh yeah, those two live Jews on it. That's a real, that's a guy show. It's a man show. They talk about titty bars. That's a guy show. That's going to kick that kneels ass. Anybody heard the family? Oh, no. They're not even on ear anymore. An English. But that's a mentality that you deal with. It's this women hating super macho. You know, and these people are deluding themselves. Let me say it again. Guys that want to take showers together and run around naked together and slap each other and he has with towels. There's something that seems a little bit a miss there. You know, I'm talking about underlying the miss part. Something seems a little bit off-kilter to me. But then again, what do I know? You know, being the old fact that I'm, what would I know about that? About factory. Funny. But don't confuse these people with effects and you just watched. There'll be a platter of call. Oh, Tiger's got more important things to worry about than that. He should be the first one with all the millions and millions he's made. Kind of stupid guy named GameCold Golf. He should be the first one standing up for everybody else's rights. And the last time they made a big semisatre, what's the big galtre in over there in England that they have? What is that? What is that? That's a bull. Come on, Carlos. Let the British open. Whatever it is. Wow, he's too busy playing over there. He don't have time. He's got a concentrate on his golf. It's kind of like remember the Brian Blades thing. You know, I have time to be talking now. He's busy running fast and jumping high. Remember that? Right. You don't have time to answer any questions. Six hundred and seventy votes on our pool. Which TV network slants the news the most? Fox. Your much or right wing station. The F. and Fox standing for fascists. And isn't it great that we thought of some real insightful stuff about a good friend Heather today? Yeah. Heather the bin bet from the party. She's ain't nothing. Stuff and nonsense. The condolese liquor wouldn't even over name a little while ago. Fox 238 all of them one fifty nine. CNN 92 CBS 71 NBC and it's a change in again by the time we can't afford for it to be changed in David NBC 70 ABC only twenty one MSNBC 13 that's their whole audience. And none of them be saying six mad dog stand up by next. This killed thunder. Bye bye. The new weather show unclicy till you two we have. May an important moment.