Now the Neil Roger show on 560 WQAM. G-dan, it was a world of turn. Here we are, asshole. Hello Mr. Getshin. Welcome to Radio Show. Hi, the chainset me out to pick up a couple of battles, which he used him for. That's what she wouldn't say. Just give me a couple of seashells. Sure, that would be one bar lad. Hey you go. Mr. Getshin, I gotta ask you a few questions. I'm in kind of a hurry. I won't take long. What's your address? Skytatopod man. When were your wars? 2062. Now do you follow or obey religious organizations that might pose a threat to the Atlantic better A-hey. What kind of, I'm sorry Mr. Getshin, but I can't tell you these batteries. You should tell the answer my question. Okay, no. Very good, Mr. Getshin. And now, what's your penis size? What? What's that got to do? Sorry Mr. Getshin, we're not at home. Damn it. I'm sure how about just your social galaxy. No, well be here all dead. Sir, the question, Mr. Getshin. One trillion poor billion. At radio clock, we have questions. And you damn well better have the answers. And is this for that free catalog? Oh no, you've gotta pay for that. 902 at 560 WQM happy Wednesday too. Here we are again. I do want to announce at the beginning of the show today that we have a ceasefire has been broken between yours truly and more. A ceasefire for the time being. Although I did hear that one call is morning, but nevertheless we'll let that happen. This one time we'll let that pass. See this show, I hate to break the news to anybody. I better give the result of the poll right away. Okay, because otherwise it'll appear that I'm breaking the ceasefire and then I'll give my little speel. And then we'll go on and do a doing our show. Yesterday we asked you, have any problems with Neil's comedy bits or comments about race? Since there are those people attempting to make it appear that this is a racist program. And that the comedy bits that we play in the language we use is done from malice, etc. And so on. I guess they didn't hear me talking about that the problem situation in a little bit kind of in Georgia last week. Remember that? I remember. Were they still have segregation? I read it twice because I couldn't believe that that kind of crap still goes on in the US away. Nevertheless. Anyway, we asked yesterday do you have any problem when Neil's comedy bits or comments about race? No one Howard David is an asshole. Was they run away winner 489 43.8 percent. No, they're funny as hell, 135. Yes, he's erased his 105.9.4 percent. And no, I agree with him 85, 7.6 percent out of well over 100 votes, a little bit 15 to be exact. That was the pull result. And now the sea star begins at this point. I assume. Can I assume that? I'm assuming it. But I do want to say this. Anybody who pretends that they don't understand that the stick on his program is stick, who are too stupid to understand the difference between the reality of any comments I make and the stick. Well, I feel sorry for them. That's all I can say. Whether it's anybody also works in that radio station, whether it's anybody in the audience, whether it's people are too illiterate to sign their name, other than with an ex. That's not my problem. In addition to which this show didn't just all of a sudden one day become whatever it is now. This show has evolved over 26 years in his market plus over a long time. And especially over the last several years. It's evolved to what it is now. Just like supposedly we're supposed to be evolving and maturing and getting a little more adult and being less thin skin that off-type of our words and language and things like that. Supposedly. So if there's anybody who doesn't like to show my best advice to you is if you want to call Greg Reeve, my guess, go right ahead. He's got better things to do. I'm sure especially these days. But if you want to do that fine, you want to complain. Best idea is turn it off. If there's anybody out there don't like what they are on the show. If they accidentally fell into it like that one guy heard this morning at one schwarzer, Hey, turn it off. It's a free country. Or get pissed off. Whatever it makes you happy. And of commentary. Here's a little piece to get us started. They floored a killer post personal ad for cyber friend. Thank you, beast. Am I supposed to say the beast brought this in and I was like, What an idea. I don't know. I'm just, hey listen. Want to make sure I get the lay of the land, you know. Fort Lauderdale, the online personal ads reads nicely describing a world traveler in scolour who loves cooking water sports yoga and hiking. Hi, I'm Bill. I'm compassionate six foot two, two hundred pounds. Athletic guy who enjoys Mediterranean food. The poetry of Keats and Baroque music says the ad accompanied by a photo of a smiling banana looking fella. Kind like that pipe bomb kid, banana looking goofy. Anyone will get him. What William Coday's ad doesn't say is that he used hammers to kill two extra fans. I just find it very interesting that he chose to leave out an important details. I wonder what the already Johnson would think about that. Very important details about his criminal history, Brad kind of prosecutor Chuck Morton who up to the code of murder and April, told the son Sentinel. The website where they had his posted offers potential pent-pounds include www.sabrasface.inmatesa.com. Coday also offers up his inmate number along with the post office box. A jury convicted Coday a former librarian in Fort Lauderdale, first to be murdered for beating and stabbing his girlfriend Gloria Gomez after she broke up with him in 1997. According to trial evidence, Gomez had 57 wounds from the hammer in 87 stab wounds and gashes. The jury was not told that Coday was previously convicted of manslaughter for killing another extra girlfriend in Germany, in 1978. He admitted using a shoemaker's hammer to beat her to death and served 18 months in a German prison. See, he served 18 months in a German prison, 18 years would have been good. Don't you think that would have been improvement much better. So maybe he could do the same thing in the annancy in 78. And then again, 1990. So I was almost 20 years anyway. The person that also didn't say that Coday is waiting for sentencing hearing in June, which a general decide whether it gets life in prison or the death penalty. Alright, but he'd like to meet you. He'd like to meet and greet. Maybe he can meet you at the behind stake in shake. Like that pedophile arrived by. Wasn't that to deal? He was meeting the monitor meet that kid at stake in shake? I forgot where. I think somewhere like that. He wanted to meet the, he wanted to shake it. And anyway, here's our poll call. I guess before we do the poll, let's talk about this other scumbag. Who, who just, you know, you look at him and you wonder what kind of a moron, you know, what kind of a silly ask, goofball, and another computer nerd with his own website. What have I always told you about computer nerds beware, some of the most dangerous people in the world are these punctual computer nerds. Several different categories. The ones who play Dungeons and Dragons beware of them too. You know, that, that's kind of out now. Isn't it? Is that still in? Oh, it's out. It's out. Now the better thing is to be having your own website like this, Accimator, we just had the Ahamimurter. The hammers are murderer. He kills me some days, but anyway. Student Coder Reno charged in mailbox bombings. A 21 year old college student who looks about 16, by the way, was charged in the string of pipe bombs left in mailboxes in five states. After it was arrested on a wind swept highway outside Reno, ending a man hunt that stretched across half the country. Luke J. Helder, a pine element, a soda was captured after dropping at least one gun out his car window, said Alan Davidson, spokesman for the Nevada Highway Patrol, a bomb squad was called a check the vehicle for explosives. It's him, said yellow Jacobs and FBI spokeswoman in Las Vegas. And let me say it again, if you've missed, I can't imagine how you could've missed it, but they showed their clips of him being escorted away by the cops. And he's just a goofy look in the punk. Yes, sir. A person. Huh? Yucking it up. Yeah, he's yucking it up. Huh? Hey, in the grave. Fun. Yeah, he really had something to say. You know what he had to say? I'm an asshole. That was his thing. And we, who are we to disagree? Helder was stopped more than 50 hundred miles from Western Illinois, where some of the first bombs were found Friday. A motor was then interstate 80 spotted. Helder's westbound vehicle and tipped off authorities who pulled him over after a 40 mile chase that reached 100 miles an hour. Helder was taken to jail and we know federal prosecutors now were charged and were using him explosive to motionously disturb property effect in the interstate commerce and with using a destructive device to commit a crime of violence. He was attorney Charles Washington said Helder was responsible for the injured suffered Friday by a woman in Tipped and Iowa. He was captured after a night. Why do they repeat this? And we already just say that he dropped at least one gun out the window. Yeah, already. The capture came just eight hours after the FBI issued an all points bulletin for Helder and said one to question him about the 18 pipe bombs found since Friday. His father with the family's home on the Minnesota also played with Helder, please don't hurt anyone else. You have the attention you wanted. Now it's easy to criticize the father and I thought that his comments were like a little bit bizarre but nevertheless put yourself in his shoes. How do you like it if one of your kids all of a sudden turns out just for a kick to decide to start putting pipe bombs in mailboxes? What do you say then? What's the reasonable response? Oh, not my kid. Exactly. Ted Vitz about how to become coming in on Tuesday yesterday. A 30 city apparently made a cellular phone call that was related to a southern Utah station on Monday afternoon and a college newspaper in Wisconsin said to gave the FBI a seven page letter yesterday that was received over the weekend inside with Helder's name. The letter was postmarked in Omaha on Friday. The day the first date bombs were found in Iowa and Illinois. They before eight more bombs turned up in Nebraska. He was on a joyride. He was like hitting around the Midwest and down to Texas and then back up to Reno. Maybe the plunges brings out. At Helder's family home and always drives southeast of Minneapolis's father Cameron ready, statement urging a Sunday call home, I rewants you to know that Luke is not an dangerous person Cameron Helder said. Just because he's blown up people's hands and stuff like that. I think he's just trying to make a statement about the way our government is run. I think Luke once people listened to his ideas and none of the people are hearing me. Things dismay help. He added Luke, you need to talk to someone. Please don't hurt anyone else at time to talk. You have the attention you want to look. We love you very much. We want you home safe. Right. Oh, like I said, what's he going to say? And he wasn't doing this to make any statement. No. He's doing it because he's a smart ass because he's a little wise ass punk with a website. That guy's on there with a bunch of his goofball buddies. That rambling thing you read. Kevin, I always said that the going to college you specialize in asshole 101. That's what you go to college for. See how much of an asshole you can be. And you know, it used to be silly things like jamming people into a phone booth and swallowing goalfish. Now it's putting pipe bombs in mailboxes and stuff like that. Not to mention all the hazelncrack that we get into. A lot of interesting stuff about hazelncrack on the internet, by the way, for all you Internet computer geeks. Here's our poll question today inspired by the popularity of Spider-Man, no doubt. What a shame they're missing things. Why would they use that thing in the movie? Old dated. Yeah. It's old and dated but who I see I don't understand that. If you aren't one of the people who followed Spider-Man in the comics, then why in the world would you go see the movie? That cartoon was off the air and over with a long time ago. A lot of cool Spider-Man fans don't remember that. I see. Well, I do them, but I'm an old man. Yeah, you're no fart. I'm like ancient. I'm like a fossil. I'm like a walking fossil and very proud of it by the way. What was your favorite all time? I don't know if I were to this ride. Maybe we need some help and maybe not. See what you think. Which was your favorite all-time cartoon or comic book action figure? Did I leave something out? No, that covers it. Okay. And here's my short list so far. This may be it. This may be it. I could be wrong. Superman of course. Captain Marvel, I think really is taking short trip. And see, I don't pay attention to Mr. Say to comic books anymore. But is Captain Marvel still around? I don't even know. And what the hell was his name? We know about Clark Kent. Don't speak to Clark Kent. I'll get to that in a minute about last night's Marvel, which George missed. George missed small Ville last night. I'm going to tell you, Mr. You're right back in the guy they have a hot tub again. The doork house? Right. I'm a bad man. You're in pretty good do-do again, Mr. just when you thought you were out, they put you back in because you missed small Ville last night. But I believe Billy, Billy Baxter or something like that was not Billy Baxter or Billy Baxter or Billy Baxter or Billy Baxter or Billy Baxter or something. Billy Baxter or something? That's good. Somebody's let us know what Captain Marvel's name was. What is real name was like as a person before he put the cape on? From an it's after 9 at 560 WQM, hey Superman's got a big one. If you'd like to have a big one too. A big paycheck, we're talking about money. That's exactly what it's all about. Then call fast-trained and start an insurmuele cash real soon. You can achieve a brand new career in just four short months. You can double the size of your paycheck by becoming a computer professional before the summer's over. That's right. Fast-trained offers Microsoft certified instructors, no payments for a year. Job placement assistants, day and evening classes, and now they've got four countem for convenient locations all over day and brown, including the brand new campus and kittles. Another is no more excuse because there's got to be one very close by you. Call fast-trained tool for E.1-86 fast-trained or check them out on the web at fast-trained.com. Fast-trained can have you certified ready for that new career in as little as four months because nobody know where should have to settle for a small embarrassing one. If you want to get you a big impressive paycheck, get yourself hooked up with fast-trained. Call them right now. Tool for E.1-86 fast-trained. Don't forget all fast-trained locations are licensed by these state commission. To 18th, New Portion of this program may be reproduced without the Express-Bringed Permission at WQAM busy for the Hasgrooved Inc. Only on the Banana Republic, baby, only in Miami. New. From the makers of CK1, the central both sexes comes in the list and aromatic approdise acts. They just for homosexuality. D.I. CK1 is the deaf new friend for today's alternative list. Some problems can lead you to feeling half-cocked and smell doesn't last long. With D.I. CK1, you just squirted on your face and you're good to go sailing. D.I. CK1. Signed typically designed with jiblin times and chic, firm extractance, D.I. CK1. In a 12-inch bottle with a purple tip of a spencer, it's the all-new D.I. CK1s. And coming soon, the all-new D.I. CK1s. SSY1. T.I. 17 at 5.60 WQAM. So anyway speaking of that, you missed small VL last night. Yeah. Which I think was a bad mistake of bad move on your part. All the like must confess. I was sitting here and doing a little bit of work and I forgot all about it. And I looked at my watch and it was 10 after 9. I said to myself, ah, ah, ah, not too weeks in a row. I can't do that. So I rushed back and living room and turned on whatever the whole was on. I'm Warner Brothers. Yes, there was a little thing. I don't think I missed anything. I'll let it exciting. Except the part where I'm Clark Kent was running around naked. Did we find out today? Anybody give us the name of Captain Marvel's real name? Nope. What does that all about? What's wrong with you people, man? Billy Batson. I think you, I think that sounds like it. That's what there's two facts of saying the same thing. And that's it. I just got, I just got through asking. Did anybody give us the name? Well, I had to read you in the middle. That's the whole machine, especially when I got this short ass cord hooked in my head. Oh, it's nothing worse than having a short ass cord. Billy Batson, that's it. I would remember that because it's too long ago. And I'm thinking they even make Captain Marvel anymore. It could be wrong about that. He, like I told you yesterday, he got your chryft. Yes. So anyway, if I can get back to smallville, if you'd stop interrupting me with the cock or I like Billy Batson. Um, Norma Kent called here last night after being at the Evol game, the Sanford of baseball team, which the paper said there was little over 6,000 people at Norma Clim. There were, if there were 3,000, it was a lot. He said it was like the most sparse gathering he's ever seen in his life, even though they had that smashing victory. So he calls me at about 930, and I'm in a middle watching smallville, and I thought to myself, what a major asshole I'd call some is like somebody calls me in a middle watching passions. You just don't do that. You don't do it. There's certain times when you don't call somebody, unless it's a major emergency, which it was not. But at any rate, he did have something very interesting to point out that when he was up in Vancouver, a year ago, smoking a lot of bad weed, I'm sure Norma. He was somehow stumbled on the ataping of Smallville, which they do tape in Vancouver, and stumbled upon Tom Walling and met him and actually sat down and talked him for ten minutes. So he tells me. And he says, oh, you watched that show two, and he said, isn't he, and he used the word that I would never use. But that's Norma. You know, he's a little more flamboyant, I guess, than I'm, or a queen. He said, isn't he gorgeous? See, I don't, I don't use that word talking about guys gorgeous. I would say, pretty, you know, pretty. I mean, although I, which is worse, gorgeous or pretty. I don't know, either one would make me uncomfortable. He got a really pretty nice. I don't care whether it's going to make you uncomfortable because believe me, nobody's going to say it about you. Somebody warned about it. That's good. You got gorgeous or pretty, you're pretty like, you know, boring. But at any rate, I'll take it. See, you want to think about George, if it sounds like he mumbles when he's on here, it fits right in because he looks like he sounds kind of like, you know, on a tone, right? But I don't know, I just would never call a guy gorgeous to me. That's like, I don't know. I feel squeamish. I feel like normal can't sense him like that. But he's pretty. In fact, the one where we could all agree, and I think is hot. But at any rate, so it was a good show in less than, and then, of course, there always, I've noticed the, there's a recurring thing that happens in that show. Every week, the last two minutes after they come back from that long pond of his last commercial break that seems to go on for a lifetime. The last segment always has to be like a tear jerker. There are a lot of people jerking it during those last few minutes on that show. And last night, we were squirting tears because, is it Tanya's that her name? The one that's got the hotse for Clark and he has for her, but he's too much of a pussy like, say, hey, you know, let's do it. I mean, here's a guy that looks just like God who can fly. He's a, he got the lead. Well, he can, he can dart around pretty damn good so far. And he's got X-ray vision too to see right through your clothes. And he still can't get laid and he's down to be between Chloe who's likely saved last night. I think that's her name, and Tanya. Well, anyway, Tanya's interim boyfriend. You know, the goofy guy that's always wearing a high school jacket. Yes, the jack type. Well, anyway, his father died. And so at the end of the show, we have to see the funeral and they're all standing out there in a rain and there's John Schneider and Mrs. Kent and this one and that one and, et cetera. And then, at the end, there's pork Clarks that how he winds up all alone. I don't know, because I wouldn't be blown very long. But he's standing out there all alone in the rain. You know, just kind of, very a tear jerk in there at the end of a smallville every week. Anybody doesn't watch smallville is a piece of turd in our book. Okay, just mention that in passing. Anyway, here's our poll. Would you ever get a little bit perturbed? I bet your Eric doesn't watch smallville. Probably too busy. Nah, he's not too busy to watch smallville, but probably his lovely wife doesn't. Well, I'm coming to think of it. He probably does watch it. I bet you she watches it. Because from what I'm heard a lot of guys who are like whipped, the women control the remote control in their home. Which was your favorite all-time and he ought to be whipped. Okay, if she uses nice as you sent she is. Yeah. I haven't met her, but the brand did. He said she was a sweetheart. See, that's what I'm saying. So he ought to let her watch whatever it is she wants to watch. Which was your favorite all-time cartoon or comic production figure. So in connection with this, last that I'm sitting here, for getting about watching smallville. And I'm listening to these old TV things, themes, themes, things. And you know, that show, there are a couple of shows that we did on these. This to me that was some of my favorite stuff ever in recent years. I love those shows. And I think the audience did too. And if not that's too bad anyway. Because now that I have these all out, I'm going to play some of these themes that are interspersed with a regular crap. Which do you think it's a good idea? Yes, well, yeah. I would try to do that. I love those. Oh, this is, it's just great. It gives me goosebumps. Cross-pat, psychopaths on a board today. He won't probably enjoy most of it because he's not old enough to remember most of these things. He'll pretend to like her. Oh, like the original Spider-Man theme. Did you remember that? Yes, I do. He said Scott Melonby is a hell of a player. Not good enough for the Panthers, but I was going to Scott. Oh, for San Luis is the kickty choice last night. And how about that Josie theater? What? He can play good and he looks damn good, Josie. I always have my finger on him a long time ago. Those kind of games, which I used to hate Montreal, but now you feel sorry for him after all these terrible years. And if the least can't do it, which I'm sure they can't, Canadians, go for OGSGO. And Erica, saying, are you ever going to read the goddamn list? Are you just going to keep rambling and rambling? I'm all worked up today. And we got that ceasefire range now. I'll or you see what happened with Edmund Lisees firing in with your favorite terrorist with those suicide bombers again. Yes, they've those homicide bombers. Might as well have a bit of a... They picked up, isn't that a show? Am I, I'm Eury Joan, my favorite, the Martian? Something like that, it's kind of a cross. At any rate, let's time to pick the video at home. Where there's a lot of young people. And of course pizza partners, where there's a lot of young people. Let's blow up as many young people as we can. It's their motto. But then Schroes not doing that. And you think that he'd learn not to come here. Every time he comes here, they have another suicide bombing escrow herring back. And he was just getting all bulked up on a good deli here in D.C. Man, he is just enormous. He's getting bigger by the minute. Yes. He'll imagine how much food they have to feed him on that LL flight. God. Because it takes... I wonder how long it takes to fly there. Because it takes... I don't know, like so. And probably about 11-12 hours I would think from D.C. When you? Maybe he takes his own suitcase full of food. Full of deli. I'm sure he does. Anyway, what was your favorite all time? Cartoon or comic book action figure? Here's the list, Eric. I'm very sorry that I'm rambling. I'm just all worked up today. I'm pissed off and fired up. Superman. Captain Marvel, aka Billy Batson. I'm very proud of everybody for coming up with that. That was a toughie. Billy Batson. Batman. Speaking of bats in the belly free. Batman. Spider-Man. She's Spider-Man's going to get an order in the number of votes now because of the fact that movies are going to see it. Right, but understand they made the movie because it's a very popular comic book to begin with. Dick Tracy. Prince Vagint. And I don't know why I put that on there. I remember Prince Vagint. I never read it. Did you read Prince Vagint? Yeah, and it was boring as dog crap. I don't know why I read it. You read Prince Vagint. I thought that was like for a Sissy's Prince Vagint. And I think like much of a man like you. Lord fighting. What are you talking about? Like I said. And then of course. Oh. I love it. Wonder who will hear the whole thing. I can't wait to start playing these things. Wonder Woman. And then one that probably not too many are going to vote for, but it was one of my very favorites. Plastic man. I loved plastic man. What do you talk about? It was funny. I thought it was funny stuff. You were to wrap himself around the buildings and all this other crap. He was great. I might vote. That wasn't movie two. Wasn't it not too long ago? Plastic man. Not that I know all. Yeah. Okay. Well, I'm not saying it was very popular. I think maybe six or seven people saw it. I'm pretty sure they made a movie out of plastic man and greenhorn it. Is it a one I can think of? Now, I'm going to leave anything off right off the bat. Oh, yeah. Speaking of yours. Well, let me do the break and then we'll get to it. Okay, just relax. Just take your time. We've got plenty of time here to hear all these things and just calm down. A little change of pace here today. Then we got Father Shanley pleads not guilty. We know about that already. Forward for a priest to go arrested and mold another one in Nundewingwood. Scout leader pleads guilty to saw to me in New York. There's a good one for you. Slow us on. My favorite one don't let me forget about these slow back who dies after he He's the captain himself because of his taxes. He, you know, he had a lot of money. He owed too much tax. He couldn't pay. Yeah, why is that funny? We're trying to chop his own head off. 9 to everybody likes a little head, but 927 and 516 WQA. And he had to be probably like a little head. They might actually get some. Now these lose in all that weight on balance for life. The beast isn't the building. Is he still waddling around or somewhere? I'm not right now. He was just in here. Yes, he is. See, I don't want to force him to get on the scale right now because he does a way in once a week, which is the smart way to do it. Boggy RT next time he gets on a scale. He's probably going to be approaching 30 pounds. Somewhere between 25 and 30 on balance for life. This is a man a young man whose life we're saving with balance for life. We can do the same for you too. This is the unbelievably effective. Gromain Neil delivery service that we've been talking about for a few months now. If you're too busy need to write foods, if you've had a shopping and trying to figure out what to buy and what not to buy. If you've had accounting calories or carbs, no problem anymore. Balance for life is the answer. If you've tried all the other cracked diets and been frustrated because you can't lose any weight and keep it off. Balance for life again is the answer. They combine the knowledge of zone based nutrition with special emphasis on the glycemic values of your carbohydrates, which maybe you don't understand that, but even if you don't, it works. And they deliver right here due to your by 6am right at your home at your work wherever you are. Three hormonally balanced gourmet meals, two delicious snacks, even a 60-ounce bottle water right in your little black sack. And as long as you got that little black sack every day, which has got plenty of food to keep you satisfied, the weight just keeps pouring off with it. So get with the real control to prove weight loss you'd help the lifestyle. Maybe even get yourself into a bathing suit. They won't be inshamed to it. And let people see it this summer. They don't forget they leave it and let you choose between two alternatives for every meal each day that you run a program. So get in shape for summer starting right now with balance for life call and talk to our good friend Troy, who's a real trip call 954 5668 3229 954 5668 3229 or check out their website at www.balanceforlife.com and in no time at all you'll. Order down. 9am. Oh, I am her. Who takes a tree on sports radio 5662 AM. Meal Rogers. Lily, are you soon the bathroom? Yeah, mom. I'll be right out. Little Willie Stamper just found something amazing and his life will never be the same. Guy, sure is in there enough a lot. Are you all right in there, Willie? Almost finished. Coming soon to theaters everywhere. It's... Yes. When I found my dad's porno's. Willie, we're at all the clean-up school. And what's this all over the floor? Were you eating in here again? From depressed and awkward teen to the happiest guy in school. Lily Stamper has found heaven in his father's hope chest. Oh, it's okay, mom. You and that go out. I'll stay here and watch the house. I don't mind. When I found my dad's porno's. Rated PG13. All kids aged 13 must see this film. All right. 932 at 560 WQAM. So here's some facts just coming in already with the... And I'm lost. I'm just lost. You want to know why? Why? Because I stopped reading cartoons in the comic books about a hundred years ago. So being an old fart like me, that's why my list is like so narrow. And of course all the ones that I listed there go back a thousand years. So the ones that are coming in now, for example, But before we those, I have to do this. I'll forget about it. Slow back dies after decapitation attempt over taxes. A slow-bock man died after trying to decapitate himself with a homemade Guilotine. Guilotine if you want to be a frog. Because you'd fall in behind and tang his taxes, police have you yesterday. The 56 year old man drove his car in front of the tax office and the Western slow-back town of Malaki, late last month. Pulled out a device resembling a guilotine, guillotine, stuck his head in it and tried to decapitate himself the police said. It didn't cut off his head completely, but he wanted himself so badly that he died afterward, Malaki police chief, Milan Cruzmatoid Reuters. The man left the message saying he could no longer pay his taxes, which total around 542 bucks. And you know something that we did with a paid it for him? We would? Yeah, we'd erase the money for him. To late now, to late until now, hey, we'd have paid the taxes for you. Don't cry! To late! To late! I guess you got a hand-im-credit though for originality. I mean, not too many people drive around with a guillotine in their car. Got our attention? Yeah. It's a good way to get hit, I guess. Okay, here's this one, facts. That says, in regard to your poll question for today, as a kid growing up in the 70s, I'm a 34. My favorite cartoon superhero of all time was Hong Kong-free. I refuse to put that down on the list. I have the facts as to Eric, I won't write that down. It was a joke cartoon. It sucked, everybody hated it. What do you mean you won't put it down? In other words, now you're censoring? Well, if I must, I'm beginning to wonder about you. Since you don't know what that is, I think you're back out of the way. That would be like putting Scooby-Doo on, except that Hong Kong-free was much worse than that. Yeah. But maybe people liked it, just because it was crap. Let me ask you something, all these themes that I got here. You heard me playing all these themes this morning. How many of those shows sucked? It would be like, it would be Mary Worthdown on the list. Mary Worth, there's another one. Oh, and how about the most Mary Worth was an action figure? Come on. Need it with Hong Kong-free? Next you'll be putting Nancy on there. The same book. Hong Kong-free was not an action figure? There was a joke cartoon that was for tiny little children. It wasn't for real. Well, he liked it. Okay, and I'm putting on the list. He's a good guy. He took the time to send the facts. I'm not that old. You said it. It was funny. Well, that's, I don't care. Hong Kong-free, of course, by doing what you just did. You guaranteed. You see how the fate. So, while I would say it's fool you on you, we okay? Exactly. Here's the Phantom. Rotate down. Okay. The Phantom. Triple suit of Phantom. One of the purple people. Superhero Connors, your Billy Zain played him in the movie. The Green Lantern. Now we know the Green Hornet. The Green Lantern? Right. Had a ring. It could do things. It could do things, huh? I'll kind of defend. Okay. Aquaman. Right. Don't know if I'm Aquaman. Sorry. The Flash? The Flash. I wrote that down. By the way, did we put Flash Gordon on here? No, but I guess we ought to, right? Well, we sure as hell better do that. See, it reminded us good things. So, the Flash we forgot and about that and looked like a bunch of assholes. Flash Gordon and the Flash. See, we're growing the list there, Eric. It's working like night. Did you have some other ones yourself? Yeah. The Hulk. What way am I? The Hulk. The Hulk. The Hulk. The Hulk. The Hulk. The Hulk. The Hulk. The Hulk. The Hulk. The Hulk. The Hulk. The Hulk. The Hulk. The Hulk. The Hulk. The Hulk. The Thanos. Captain Titan. Titan. The Hulk. The Hulk. The Hulk.でも.��. Rosen. Monica. Alma. Ladybug. How is that guy here? I'm gonna play there enough from action here, or going to be on the pole, but I just have the body. I can't resist, you know, I just cannot resist. I don't know. Actually, that extra long, all in the family thing that you never heard before, the one that we played last time we did this, right? We heard it before, when you played it. No, but I'm just saying we never heard it before then before that you know, and we're never, never, never. So anyway, they're making the whole can do a movie, by the way, that's the next one I've just fired her man. They showed the previous. But I have more things to list. You don't think plastic man was a movie, I think you're wrong. I'd love to see it if it was. Okay, somebody out there in the audience will know one of the 10 people who saw it 305, 650, 0198, so a facts number. We're not taking no phone calls, by the way, it's only voice your time. We did that on Friday. That was a phone call day for the Eoleneum, not for the year, but for the present time. So anyway, I got a couple more. Okay. Captain America, what you might remember? Yeah, sure. All right. I thought that was ancient. Captain America, yes. And Daredevil, what you won't remember, but I knew I could. That likes Daredevil a lot. That probably was my favorite comic when I was buying them. Well, if Pat likes it, I have to put a question mark after it, because we all know how bizarre he is. Anyway, so we got a pretty good list so far. Any other facts is coming in or is that it? Wait, there's one over there. Let me take my head from his off. Which was your favorite all-time cartoon or comic book, Action Figure? Superman. Oh, I can also say this before we listen to that, which we will in a minute or two. Okay. Three or four. We're not talking about TV shows. So you don't get confused with George Reeves and a Bud Cardiure played him on a radio and George Reeves on TV. And then we had the movies with Who's In That? What's his name? The other movies. Christopher Reeves. Thank you. And of course, we got the Superboy. Should we put that on there separately for the pedophile Superboy? That was the separate comic. It was the separate comic. You're right. Yeah, but see, and I don't want you to get confused with Superboy and the small of it. Okay. So we're not talking about TV shows. We're not talking about movies. We're talking about cartoon and comic book action figures. And the fact that you enjoyed the movies about them or did not as a case maybe. Like Dick Tracy was also, we'll be, you know, that. Yes, of course, bad movie. And Flash Gordon, which was just, oh, that was bad. If we're going to put Superboy, are we going to put Supergirl on there? She had her own comic. I never heard a Supergirl. Get out. It was his cousin. Maybe that's why I came to the fork in the road and turned the other way. And I want to came to a, took Superboy over Supergirl. In fact, I had like a little Superboy figure. I don't want to say a dog because that was, no, no, it was an action figure. It was like a little action figure. Yeah, that's a boy. That's a boy. I have a lot of action. Supergirl was their own comic or we put it down yesterday. You sure, why look, if we're going to put down Hong Kong food, I mean, why don't I'll not. And look what I wrote. I wrote Hong Kong. Hong Kong food. Hongki food. Yeah, see, don't get started. Why race stuff again. Next, we'll be playing that restitution song, man. And people were saying, hey, how come you be saying, nigga, I don't care stuff like that. You know, let me say it again. In case you missed the beginning of the show. Anybody who questions the morality, validity, bull crap of this show, blow it out your ass. Okay, if you don't have a sense of humor, this show is not for you. It's not for you. 24, 10 at 5, 60, WQM, I do in a wrong spot. Now, I think I'm just about to do the wrong spot. Which would be very bad because we want to, especially with mothers, they come up to Sunday. We don't want to miss on this. This year more than ever, we want you to show mom. You really love and appreciate her, even if you don't. By sending her a Vermont teddy bear, your mom, wife, or grandma will receive a beautiful bear made in Vermont and delivered with a free card and candy in a fun gift box. And there's nothing like a fun box. Just call a bear counselor at 1-800-829-Bear. The hope you tailor a bear just for her, so she'll let you put some real fun into your gift. Ask about the new spa mob bear or the mama's boy with a heart shaped hat too. And don't forget that, it's your job to get a gift from mom from the kids and the mother and come sit as perfect because you can add as many come as needed with their names on the outfits. Like if you got about 15, 20 kids, it's a lot more personal than sending those flowers than no matter how beautiful they are. They'll be good and no time at all. So call 1-800-829-Bear or shop online at Vermont-tinybird.com. I wonder if they have like a Clark Kent teddy bear? That'd probably be next. A Tom Wellington teddy bear with big big feet. It only takes five minutes to order. You can even send her a bear to the office to impress everybody with a big shot you are. Give her a gift this mother's day she'll remember forever because it'll last forever from Vermont-tinybird company when you call me sure and tell them that it'll all kneel toward you to call 1-800-829-Bear. That's 1-800-829-Bear. Packword can't keep us packer in his pants. You have a brand new style too. We love the way you fought your doom. With the big feet on your chest and the breeze in my chest, the bendy goes to our friends. Who's with this beat of the same? Since the bad guys straight to hell, when a building starts to roll with your little head, the door is closed. You know what I had to do that, didn't you? This is the system. Of course. Anyway, the downs up on 169 points and as that's 65, let's hear it. Now let me turn that off real quick. You know me, I'm the kiss of death. Shandley pleads not guilty to child rape. I gotta get this story and before we continue with our putting our survey together. Just relax, I have another two or three, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, something muffins. Breakfast croissants. That's what I'm thinking about. Breakfast croissants from Burger King. Hmm. I still say that's the only good thing that they got. You're right. Anybody out there that eats onion rings from Burger King, you will die someday. I'll guarantee that someday. Some day will be together. Shandley pleads not guilty to child. You know, she really bugs me. I don't know about you, but Diana Ross is trying to wear where it would be all thin after these first 60 years. You can get real tired of that bitch. Especially since she pulled by the lofty airport and he threw a London member that deal. Those good stories. He was claiming that's so they were trying to feel her. I put her out. I would have failed you up. You old bitch. It was wishful. Ticket. Who'd have want to touch your saggy old boobs? You old bitch. Guy. Who'd have hell as she foolin' huh? On you see about the streak or I got that story too, about the streak or that, the renafer of the Queen's entourage? No, they always have the thing. Yeah, they showed it on TV this morning because they had the little, uh, the little gray, uh, you know, male or female streaker. Male. Um. And he was brit. So, you know, yeah. I'm saying no big deal. Stanley pleats not guilty to child rape. A retired Roman Catholic priest charge with repeatedly raping a young boy sometimes in the church confessional. Sometimes in the raccoon pleaded innocent yesterday was ordered held on 750,000 dollar cash bail. The Reverend Paul Shanley 71 was remained on three counts of child rape in Newton District Court, which was sitting in Cambridge. Cambridge. The center of learning and yearning. And we're been in Cambridge? Nope. Of course not. How not could he being Cambridge? a giant client also ordered Chandler to sit right about the uh... pat even in Cambridge never you've been a habit at MIT nope been the boss and well as close enough judge dianne client here in the window a quincey market yes i have three times had those great claim scripts yes i did and great chowda all i love that i love boss in the food there you could you could balloon up to like seven thousand pounds there without even trying i did work for me man i went from like uh... you know like an average hundred fifty pound punk to two hundred twelve pounds in about five minutes in Boston just just ballooned up to humongous eyes can i finish this story we're gonna start with that food crap again see that's one good thing you notice i do not eat during the show now and i'm here and when i'm there doing a show i got the uh... black sack from balance for life so all the way around at least uh... i have no excuse cost the problem is the show ends of one o'clock and then i eat haven't had no nestle's turtle over several days on your part of me very but then again is this uh... who makes it bring up by us cadbury makes this comical crunch but anyway judge dianne client also ordered channel to surrender as passport to a vocorcana see the new deal is they make all these ice creams for the last few years they've been starting to visit like there's a smarty's ice cream with little smarties in it and all the candy bars have got their own ice cream now which is where the turtle thing came from i'll tell you one thing all you people in this audience you thought that the fish food was good audio a specks who thought that that the city laci was good whatever it is it's care are you interrupting again oh sorry i'm gonna report you to the moment if you don't cut the crap because the more you talk the more i get pissed off and anyway that was i just say before you know that all about nestle's turtle you must have it before you die i don't care where you have to go to get it i don't have to care if you have to drive across the peace bridge if it's only a Canadian thing you can probably get it like in saying caverns or hamleton or do you wind up when you cross the peace bridge i guess forty re where they have the racetrack for like magra falls would be good i bet you know i got falls on terrier the god nestle's turtle anyway i'm just giving us some tips because believe me before you die you must put some of that in your post judge die in client also ordered channely to surrender his passport and avoid contact would children under eight sixteen after a prosecutor detailed what she said was weekly sexual abuse of the ledge victim which included rape and oil sex when the boy was between the ages of six and thirteen the abuse allegedly occurred between nineteen eighty three nineteen ninety see i don't think any punishment is good enough for this piece of crap i think the death penalty would be too kind for the son of a bitch shandley's attorney frank madano who would ask the chandley be released on his own per cognizance immediately requested a higher judge review clients bail decision the review was scheduled for Thursday in middle sex superior court he stands before this court as an innocent man it connects to these charges and he's never been convicted other charges madano said rune said chandley would take the victim out of her lid i wonder if he's really do a mic madano rune said chandley would take the victim out of her lid just education classes at Saint John evangelist person Newton and rape him in various places including the rectory bathroom confessional and even the rectum the child was repeatedly told if you tell anyone no one will believe you said prosecutor Lynn rune rune rune also argued chandley was a flight risk noting it recently been out of the country in Thailand as was reported on this show she read excerpts of several chandley letters to church officials in which the priest talked about fleeing the country in one jane were 1994 letter chandley discusses moving to guess where George Costa Rica excellent right on it might be cheaper than might delay the concerns of the victims the letter read rune also read letters uh she said referred to a parent past attempts by the church officials to help chandley hide in one letter the Reverend Brian flatley detailed a September 1995 conversation with chandley and would chandley discuss living in an unnamed country with a post office box in the US to preserve his anonymity given his resourcefulness and independence i think this is probably a good plan for him flatley wrote madano criticized prosecutors for bringing up letters that he said had nothing to do with the current case he said chandley had needed the means know the intention leave the country pointing out he had been living in california had family and other ties in mass detucias crossed that doesn't explain why he was just in a talent but i think we have a pretty good idea about that how do you like that in court chandley uh indicated he was struggling the here climb which he entered please have innocent on his behalf i'm having trouble he said motion into a hearing aid in his right ear he has hearing aids from all that fooling around chandley was arrested and said he go on Thursday several weeks after polis first start looking for him return to mass detucias on monday documents released in a civil suit by different alleged victim of chandley showed our stasis officials new of dozens of sex abuse allegations again chandley but still move to between parishes the archdiocese also didn't warn the dyesies of san beridina when he moved there in nineteen ninety the documents also showed officials new chandley advocated sex between boys and men and a contracted venereal disease that's here for the archdiocese baby yeah what does wrong with that i think they're getting a little bit picky now hard to find a good priest so here's some more for a list okay you ready when you probably looked at these the I wrote down the ones that applied you right the tick yes never heard that is that it is that about some actually was there's a book in the cartoon and they made a real series out of it that failed miserably Billy batson boy see already we learned something before even the first hours over the we learned that Billy batson was a captain marvel before he put his outfit and cape on speaking of captain marvel yeah about a couple facts is people requesting shazam that don't know that that's the name of captain marvel that shazam is the thing that he says to turn into captain marvel well what do you mean requesting shazam they think on the ram that's an that's an iconic right haha see I told you this this man this creature from another planet this uh captain marvel has been a so he that was a great comic I love captain marvel I mean it was no Superman but it was right in a running it was no bat man but it was right in there it was cute yeah captain marvel was good and Billy batson and he used to say shazam he used to say what's his name started sending before that's bad I mean go on the pile go on the shazam yeah he's he probably a lot of people think go on the pile and better that but he didn't he just wanted to fly and it wouldn't surprise me if Jim neighbors probably can take off anytime he wants that's what I do I think off whenever did how I feel like it how about space ghost okay it was a cartoon a superhero cartoon yeah so I don't have the captain captain nice I think that's all made up the rest of those I think are made up I think this is not made up I says was a was a not a cartoon not a comic book either it was just that TV series okay you sure that positive mr. terrific never heard of well we're gonna have to have some verification on cat the nice miss your terrific and I just before we put them out are very important in press of list okay so get with it see this has nothing to do with our list that I just I got a place this is loose from something that might be fun how's that hmm and then I'll see leave theavilion have a lives great wasn't that the longest running as something? I guess I could look it up in my book that I have on a floor here but it will require like bending over and when you got a big puppet like I got that's kind of difficult to do. Maybe during the break I might like, you know, I think you're right. It was longest running nighttime soap opera type. Yes, something like that. It was there was an outstanding show. Of course you didn't watch it because you watched LA Law correct. Well, okay. Okay. Maybe you and Harry Hamlin can run off together. Nine, 56. He was in that movie making love with Michael Ankeen. Remember that? Yes, I do. Then what's your name Kate Jackson Jackson? That was pretty good movie. Michael Ankeen had his moments. Then what was that show he was on the rookies? No, he was not a rookies. He was on. He wasn't a rookies. I don't know. Michael Ankeen. Oh, you better know who my boy was at Mr. Accepting that movie. Which was a little gay for me. He was in a, haha. Yeah, just a little bit. 10 minutes till 10 at 5, 6, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8. Hey, here's something that's not gay. That's a pity, Lenny. By the way, Tom, to have a nice trip where everyone's going and get out of my hair. Go away, Pee-D. Have a good time and just go away. Always not having a good time. He's going to go very somebody. Well, I could say, do a good job and dig deep and go away. But anyway, Pee-D Lenny's making sure that I give my champion light I hope because boy, I'm Jones and Ford. What am I drinking over here now? I wouldn't even want to mention Diet Coke. I mean, people get tired of Diet soda and certainly tired of water. It is as boring as dogdo. But if you want something that's really delicious and good for you because it doesn't have any crap in it, although it does have all the electrolytes you need after a workout. Or like maybe walking through a three-blast like I do. All you have to do is pick up some chamfery light as a store in your studio. It comes in six great improved flavors right now. Orange, lemon lime, grapefruit punch, lemonade and once the other one I can't and blue raspberry. Think you've scorned a blueberry, but it's blue raspberry. That's not it. Is that what it's called? Blue raspberry? See, if I had some here, I could look on the label and tell you, when you go get some yourself and you'll know exactly what it's called. No matter what the flavors are, they're all delicious, no calories, no carbohydrates, no crap, no sugar, no anything bad in there. Just a great tasting sports drink that you're going to love. If you want to find out where you can pick up some chamfery light, which everybody in the world is jumping on the bad wagon. Now, call J. Feelor at home from that offense. He's the spokesman. He's the official telly where to go. Or just look up their website if you can't get hold of J. A champion light, LYTE. Austin Burke, we're great fit always, cause less. Neil Rogers, you're on fire. Millions have converted for fun and profit. Now, you too can turn your pagan ways around at Earl Stritesz. We'll convert any goal for just 99.95. That's right. Listen to one of our successful graduates. Oh, Kim, I shall learn Malakhe, I shall learn. At Earl Stritesz, we'll convert anyone into a Jew. Malakhe, Hachados, Babuku. Translated means sorry, I must have left my wallet at home. Millions have converted for just 99.95. Translated means, Sturdis, did you make sure to give me a kosher meal? Millions have converted for just 99.95. Translated, guess Rabbi the check is in the mail. Yes, you too can convert into a Jew for just 99.95. That Earl Stritesz. Act now and get a free yardside candle for just $10. Earl Stritesz. We'll convert any goal for just 99.95 or more if we can. Hamla Khan, how about the special read backwards for Christ's day? Could point 10 out to a 560 WQM here's a fact that says George is right. Putting Hong Kong food on list is balshman. You might as well put underdog, mighty mouse and Adam Ant on list or even Josie in the pussycat. So I've crossed it out Hong Kong with all the respect to Jim who facts that before I don't want him to feel bad but too bad Jim. I crossed it out and there was a cartoon Josie in the pussycat? Yeah. I made me the movie out of it. Oh, I get it. Okay, it's enough. God, no wonder they got that show off the idea. They had a movie on that too, Josie and Josie. Oh, it's stuck. Didn't make it done. Well, I'm going to tell you something. You just facts me this stuff about ice cream that somebody sent to you. Yes. And what is this supposed to prove all the way to see the soy there and I've seen these in the supermarket. I've never tried it. That's the brand. Soy delicious purely decadent line averages just over 400 calories per cup. Too many for a best bite rating. Where is this from? I don't know. Oh, nutrition, nutrition, action, health letter made 2002. I read that religiously before my trips to the supermarket to buy ice cream every day. Make sure I get the good stuff. It says soy desserts are lower and saturated fat than regular ice cream but the unsaturated fat and soybeans can give them a hundred more calories than a regular ice cream like dryers or eaties. Oh, with all the respect for our friend that used to bring us all the eaties coupons who's a good guy but I'm not into eating these are you. I'm not a big on ice cream unless it's really good like the fish. You don't dig on ice cream. It's got to be something really good in chocolatey like rocky road fish food, something like that. Nesle's turtle. Can't wait to try that. Oh, when you're going to try that you're not going to be trying it. You're not going to find it. It doesn't exist down here yet. That's what I'm saying. It's never going to exist there. What makes you think it's going to exist there? Well, maybe I can bring some down next time you come back to town. Put it in your suitcase. No. No. So what is this supposed to prove here? This thing calories and actual fat calories and saturated fat and it's got brires and eaties and dryers and frozen yogurt and soy and then they have no Nesle's on air so screw it. Thank you anyway. Okay, I think our list is getting there. You think so? Yeah, coming along nicely. Okay, Eric, here you go. Here's our list so far and I think we can put this on there. Are you going to facts this to Eric? Yes, I will. Who's under a lot of pressure because he does not watch smallville. I'm getting pretty pissed off about that. Anybody doesn't watch, you know those bumper stickers that say if you ain't country you ain't Schmidt. I know. Well, if you don't watch smallville, your taste is in your toast. Does Pat watch smallville? Nope. Why not? It ain't a sport. Oh, that's why I tried to destroy that. He was watching the hockey games last night. Yes, I was. See, he was watching Detroit get the Raspi by San Luis. Nice going there, Scott Melonby. Oh, and keep good Chuck. And he was also probably watching Montreal. I'll get by Caroline over time. Nice going there, old Donald, that was really quick. That was just the way the Leafs game game two without a well ended. We'll quick off a face off and over time. I like that. You know what, we'll quick and a crowd goes bananas. Everybody takes Josie Thedor's clothes off. That was great. Here's the list, Eric. I'm Ramlin' today. My Ramlin' which is probably not. This is the kind of a show we needed day on a day after we've had all of the other contrapms going around. We need to get things calm down a little bit. A QAM, a little bit too many big egos floating around. Too many hysterical things being said too many irresponsible things being said. People need to calm down a little bit and understand these are just radio shows. This isn't the end of the world. It's entertainment. Okay. It's not the end of the world. It's not the provocative profound riveting social commentary that's going to change people's nature and change attitudes and change our times. Okay. Are you following that? No. Let's say that they may in particular just generally speaking. What was your favorite all-time cartoon or comic book action figure we asked? Superman is the first in my list. Beating bullets. More powerful than a locomotive. Abo believed tall buildings had a single bow. I'm in the sky. It's a bird. It's a plane. It's a balloon. Yes, it's Superman. Strange visitor from another planet who came to work with towers and abilities. Barbeons, old as a vocal man. Superman. Who can change the course of my favorites? Men's deal is bare hands. And who disguised as Clark Kent? Mile-manet reporter for a great matter about the newspaper. Fight's a never-ending battle for truth. Justice. And the American way. YOU HAVE THAT? YES! Wow, every time I play that I say the same things so I won't tear. Superman, which a poor George Reeves, you know, it's no wonder somebody blew his brains out. I mean, they're toward the end. He was getting like, of course, that was long after the series was over. But even when it was still on here, he was like, uh, he was, uh, he had a puppet and he was like, uh, I got, I got a lot of your body that he's got, wrong for the part. Yeah. I mean, if that was Superman, I mean, Tom Welling, anybody can believe even some homophobic, like, uh, you know, George can believe that. Any, any young guy would do is 25 and got size 14 feet already and got a super penis like Tom Welling. He can be Superman, okay? And he's going to be flying pretty soon on there because he's stepping around faster every week. You course, I like to know, I guess he's also got ESP too, because you'll notice that he always knows wherever the person who's in harm's way like last night. It's the one, whatever the hell her name was. He knew exactly where she was. He just scooted right over there. Let's see, here's one, uh, just wondered what you thought of the story that aired on helped me how it last week about the women who the woman who lost her job after 16 years for not speaking Spanish. I really don't care. Oh, thank God. I'm not there. Oh, thank God. I'm not in South Florida. No, I say, I'm a Spanish walkie. Can you believe that? Yeah. That's why I don't have a bag. I don't know about it. I don't want to know about it. Okay. It speaks for it. It speaks for itself. All right. And speaking of that, how many years have I been using the word spick on here? Do we have any complaints about that? No. No. And kikes and fags and stuff like that. Why all of a sudden this, uh, this farture are rousing up and getting everybody whipped up into a frenzy? What that's all about beats are a lot of me. Maybe psychosis. Scott Melody, be kicking ass ass. Is, uh, I don't understand. Oh, this is Pete the chronic border for just a second. Ha ha ha ha. Pete the chronic border. Hey, go get the life Pete. Go away. So did I just play Superman or what? I guess I played that. There's one for Eric. Eric's probably thinking of this up, but this is your going very slow. I'm, I'm hoping I'm going to fax it to him. He doesn't need to. Yeah, you don't need to listen to me. You don't have to pay any attention to what the old fag is saying on here. You just, George, you've got the whole, well, let me, let me run them down before I play anymore because I don't have, I don't have many things from these anyway. Although I wonder about flash Gordon on this real, the real old stuff I got, you know, that one that's got all the scratches and pops and pukes. Oh, that would be my flash Gordon. No, no, have it. Damn it. Green Hornet. Well, we'll get to that Superman kept in Marvel Batman's Spider-Man Dick Tracy Prince Vaggin. Wonder Woman, the Phantom, the Green Lantern. The Green Lantern? Yeah. What kind of a name is that for an action figure? The Green Lantern, the Green Arrow while we're on green. And then they tease other one. Yeah. Yeah. The Green Arrow? The Green Arrow. He was an art rock. No. I believe you. And then they teamed up and they became the Green Lantern and the Green Arrow in one comic book. Superboy, Supergirl, plastic man, which we still haven't found out of the, you know what? Let me look at my film book or some people say film. Don't you look people say film? Those people should be like that. I haven't countered people in my life who say film. It was a really good film. As will say that. Realized. I'll say film. Let's see, uh, plastic man, plan nine from outer space, puttune. Uh, there was no plastic man movie. At least not in this book. I told you. Okay, plastic man, Green Hornet. Aquaman is that can't even remember writing. Yes, Aquaman. Flash Gordon, the Flash, the Hulk, Captain America, Daredevil, the tick and space ghost. That's my list. And also for some reason I hear it says Tom Welling. I just got a green arrow. For kids. I said fine. If that's on your list, I have no problem with that. Let's get one that Eric Ok, this is a very important one today. A lot of people out there want to get with these action heroes. Do the Batmobile. See, see what I mean? And I know that I could get very emotional about that whole deal too. I'm not going to get all excited about that. About Batman. It was the card. It's after 10 at 5, 60. Well, you know, when Robin was writing around in them tights, it's just, you know, I wanted to get in the Batmobile and we're writing real fast. Mother's days this Sunday, give the gift to cover by treating your mom or wife or both to a comfortable sensational pair of shoes and new balance. I am loving the ones that I'm wearing what these walk and shoes, whether they got the Velcro with the Velcro straps for lazy people like me. Man, you don't have to tie laces. And he's a seriously, my feet were like getting in pretty bad shape a couple of years ago. And I started wearing these new balance walk and shoes did the best ever had. All three new balance stores in Miami have been true and Vogue have got a fantastic selection of athletic footwear in the pair of the whole family and summers come in too. So you and the kids are going to need comfortable shoes as well. But mom needs good shoes to the only place to go with new balance. This copy is special, man. Just like that corn and deliverance. It's your special. New balance stores carry hard to fit sizes too. So you've got a very narrow foot or a big fat wide one like Tom Willing. It may be a team and I have like a 14 size foot like Tom. New balance will hook up with some great comfortable shoes. New balance for worse always recommended by podiatrist. They're known for cushion comfort and durability and the staff at new balance knows your feet inside and out. They'll make sure you get a perfect fit every time. Three locations for new balance. Mommy's pinecrest also on the second floor of the avanshira mall and the town center in Boko or check them out at newbalancemami.com. Don't forget guys, this Sunday is Mother's Day. So bring mom into new balance this week and get a repair of comfortable athletics shoes. Till thank you. She'll keep you. We're 9 to 10 on Sports Radio 5 60. Sheu a m. Mother, lay down on my couch. Hello, I'm Darva Conger. Here to tell you about Darvishin. The new pain killing likes it from I.D. Lily Wife. If you suffer from sore joints and achy muscles, then Darvishits they answer. Only Darvishit can let you exercise and get a full night sleep at the same time. Side effects include and and and and and so if you want relief, take good Darvishit. 10 18 at 5 60 WQ a m. And we're digging all of the old stuff out there. Have you noticed that? I did. We're digging in deep like with a fingernail. Anyway, I think we got a pretty good list, but I'm ashamed of you for not thinking of the obvious one it should be on here. I can't believe you left out. Oh, love, Dudley, do right. Love, bull, m. Clay, do a bull, m. K. was okay in my blood. Was that was it a, wasn't it, it doesn't qualify? No, but somebody facts Ghost Rider, so I want to add an added that to the list before facts it to Eric. Very popular. Okay. Whatever you say, I mean, you know, I mean, if it's after the year 1800, I don't know what it's all about. I don't want to say that stuff anymore. I don't read comic books. In fact, the question is favorite all times. In other words, either as you were growing up as a kid, like a hundred years ago like me or like last year when you were like a little child, whatever you might be, or in between or maybe like a childish in mind, you know, maybe read like greenhorned the comics now because you're like a simple then maybe you're like 50, but you have the mind of a three year old. I want to cover all the territory. Okay, just to make sure you don't feel any angst in casting your vote. Speaking of angst, a former priest who was acknowledged in interviews molesting boys in the Thuan and Haverhill was arrested in Maldon on Tuesday, meaning yesterday in charge with rape of a child under 16. Ronald H. Packwin was arrested at his home Tuesday and one kind of rape of a child under 16 said Steve O'Connelly, spokesman for the Essex County DA's office. He was the beheld last night at I guess he was because it's Wednesday already. At the Denver State Police Berks and face deraement today in Haverhill district court. Essex County DA Kevin Burks said the charge involved more than 50 incidents with the 12 year old boy between 1990 and 92 in an automobile and Massachusetts, New Hampshire and Maine. See, I just mentioned a 12 year old boy and the other one the the first one they're dealing with chamiannab the dozens or hundreds, whatever it's going to be started when he was six. I just mentioned in passing because it seems that more and more of these stories were talking about little kids, you know. As opposed to what they're trying to feed us about owner, it's adolescents who are very close to being adult as if that would make a difference anyway. Packwin is also the subject to be a wrongful death lawsuit from the family of a boy who died in the car accident with a priest, another suit accused him of a abusing a teenage boy like he was an treatment center for wayward priests. Donna Marisi rhymes with CCA spoke to women for the arts dice he said she had no immediate comment, of course. James Francis 16 died in the November 28th, 1981, after Packwin brought him in three haverhill teenagers to a camp in New Hampshire. Francis's family led his packwin fell asleep at the wheel on interstate 93 in Tiltin, New Hampshire after night of sex and alcohol with Francis, bruising it up. Abusing and bruising. The arts dice he's who were Packwin from active service at St. John the Baptist Church in have her held in 1990 after all occasion surface the administered boys there. The church has paid settlements to at least four of his victims. Attorney Jeffrey Newman has said the arts dice he's a boss that known for at least ten years that Packwin was accused of sexual molesting minors at the San Monica's Paris and the Thuin and molested children and say John's parish in haverhill after being transferred there from a Thuin. Packwin admitted to boss the newspapers that he had fooled around but said he hadn't abused anyone for 12 years and didn't consider himself a pedophile. In other words, he would be like Ted Vundick come and back and saying, I haven't heard anybody at a long time. Another priest involved in the scandal, oh, that's three now, I know that. I bought good old Reverend Chambers. This is Adam West on the set of Batman and Hollywood. Hi kids, this is Robin of the Batman Show. In real life, I'm Burke Ward. Hi, this is Ivan Craig on the Batman set. Remember your responsibility. Please be careful. To be or not to be a careful driver. That is not the question. That is our responsibility. Drive carefully so that no one will get hurt. But伝nus is guards the monster like us. I guess why you never had that word and it's been dead for about 30 years now, you know, right? Yes. It's that, he's dead. Anybody in the science know who that was at when Edward Horton knew? Who did the voices on factored for he tells did lot of stuff on bull minkly was great? Miami mother held on child neglect charts, three children found among filth and roaches. I still can't believe that story that I shmit can't a long time ago that you sent me the facts. Did you hear about that woman who got fired because she couldn't speak Spanish? You know, see this business about, I'm losing touch with the, I had to want to be in touch with that crap. I don't want to touch it. I don't want to know from it. I don't want to hear about it. I don't want nothing to do with it. Same old tired one note town man. Oh, they wouldn't speak English. They were speaking Spanish. Go, go, go, speak to somebody's picture language. Okay. And quit belly. You can quit whining about it. Now, it's one interesting thing here is, I got people from all over the world here. I mean, just jiggins of Chinese people in Indian and Pakistani with her schmathas and and frogs everybody speaks English. Isn't that amazing? Holy was telling me about that. How multi national it is and everybody getting there. Just fine. Just like everybody gets along just fine. You know, we have an occasional murder here or there. Nothing like the states. But everybody seems to be getting along just pretty damn good. You know? And nobody argues that. We'll say it's a little bit annoying if I had to find one thing. If I, and I would have to search to find anything here that I was unhappy about. Other than, of course, that I'm still in touch with QA and which could drive anybody nuts. But other than that, it would be the fact that everything you buy. That's like a package with a label on it. It's the law. The label has to be in English and in French. We. Makes me sick to my stomach. I mean, you know, it's not a big deal. I mean, I'm using Amsterdam. You don't a lot of the food stuff. You buy it. In fact, almost all of the label is only in touch. Do I speak any Dutch? Oh, I'll speak any Dutch? Oh, I'll speak. No, I sure is held on. Ne. Mother held on. My mother. Oh, I tell you, there's a lot of mothers down there. A lot of really sick mothers. My police arrested yesterday morning. A mother of three children charging her with felony child neglect. Angela Moore, 27, was taken the Miami-Dic County G.L. for processing police said. According to my police, a case worker for the division of children and family went to visit more, who declined to open the door. The case worker notified police and officer Eugene Edwards responded to the apartment. The officer persuaded Moore to open the door. What we found was a calling. Miami police spokeswoman Delresh Moss said, the house was filthy. We found rotting food and a two-year-old girl covered with cockroaches. We also found two little boys ages six and seven on a floor. All they had to drink was from a jug of Hawaiian punch. All the way do like Hawaiian punch. Do they make diet? I don't think so. There was urine all over. All that was new in the house was beer Moss said. The children were taken into DCF custody. The mother told investigators. She was trying to contact DCF to tell him she needed help. I'm trying to get help on porn beyond help Moss quoted the mother. Police are trying to find the children's father who lives in the small unit and works somewhere. It might be an international airport. Probably one of the security people if he has made. The family is very poor. They all lived in a smaller efficiency that is literally smaller than any studio. I've never seen Moss said. But this is outright neglect. Another challenge for the green planet is A.D. K.O. And they're rolling our signal. The black beauty. Unpolice record. They want it's planet. The green planet is really whipped green. Warner publisher of the Daily Sentinel is July-Depathy. No, no way to his secretary. And the district attorney. And now, we protect the rights and lives of these obstinisms. Rise the green planet. The blue planet. Boy, not a good thing to be plain if you're a little high strong, you know what I mean? Man, you think. 10, 20, 10, 20, 7, and 5, 60 WQM. When you shop for quality, footwear, selection and professional service are always important. But the bottom line is price, dollars and cents. No matter how you spell it. At Brandy Shoes you'll find the biggest selection of men's women choose the best service in town. And the best prices in town period. Top quality names like Rockport's S.A.S.bury, Timberland Naturalizer, and lots more. And with their humongous selection you never have to worry about hearing. Sorry, Mr. We don't have that style in your size. Find out why most Brandy's customers normally keep coming back. Usually by several pair on each visit to the store. Brandy's is open daily 9 to 9 Sundays 10 to 5 you'll find them. At 1290 North Federal Highway in Pompano Beach and don't forget all this week. Red label clearance sale is going on at Brandy's 30 to 60% off on select group of favorite brands. This week only at Brandy's. Out the one, do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do funeral do do do do do do 10 in the evening in for my wings. Now you have the light to sing. Fly the hop and every sing. And have my sky. Hello, I'm Carol O'Kala. To close the album, our own song, we dedicated to you then, and to you now. Now we're a young person. We listen to meet rich Shane. Boy, the way Glenn River played. So, let me tell you my name. I'm a great guy. So, why do you like me? We had a great house for the days. We made a real festivities. Everybody called us, my age. We are almost now ranked, those were the days. I don't get it, why do you want it? As we close a red woman, Mr. Week, you some yellow paper, who brought in. People seem to be content. If they don't spray the red, rich, spirited, sick, and fun, fun, fun. To the winner, say, please, me! I watched the judge as you win. I kiss out my candy, and I call you under my pen. And we show it in sex, but long, paint with really so special. I don't know, just you want to win for all. Go, I love that. And that's the question. You're the person you still did, Sherlock. I thought maybe if we went to sleep for a few days, and woke up, he'd be alive again, but he still did. How come when a queen mom or some old bag, like that, who's 101 years old, she croaked, and a brits in a whole world were supposed to be all upset about it, or Diana, what the hell did Diana ever do for us? What did she do for anybody? All those landlines. Yeah, right. Yeah, that was just homework. That was one of those, contract, but I'm serious. Here's a guy who's like, one of the, just an icon, which I hate to use that term, because it's so overused like, Diva, I hate those words, but nevertheless he was an icon. He was great. If there's anybody out there, don't like Sherlock Connor, then blow it out your ass, okay, you're a moron. You're a simple man and deserve to be like, go for a long dirt nap immediately. Am I right about that? You know, no question. No question, about it. And you know something, here it is. It's a middle of the show already, and we forget the most important event that's taken place today. It's going on right now as we speak, and I bet you don't even know what it is. No idea. No idea. The debut of a new product, since we were talking about ice cream before it's not ice cream, we also talked about champion lighten about I was drinking Diet Coke, which I'll give you a clue. Oh, that blue Pepsi, whatever. No. That was on the news this morning. Well, I got news for you, Z8 blues, okay? The blues won last night in the, against Detroit and St. Louis, but no, I'm talking about the debut of vanilla Coke today. Oh. So as Pepsi trying to outdo them with a blue Pepsi today? Apparently, Pepsi, remember that sound by Elvis, blue Pepsi? I loved it. The product is on the bottom. You probably watched a lot of cheeseburgers with the blue Pepsi. Well, vanilla Coke, which I'll be honest with you, it doesn't sound interesting to me. I'm not a vanilla person. It's like vanilla ice cream, vanilla extract. It's, it has no taste. I like vanilla hazelnut coffee. I don't like vanilla anything. The vanilla is bland. The vanilla is for boring people. And see, there you go, George's like vanilla. I rest my case. It's for bland people. People who look like kind of spaceless and faceless. Suitable well. Yeah. Yeah, you're a good one to talk. Mr. Nondescript. See, at least I'm old in ugly, okay? But there's something about being old in ugly. At least there's, like, nobody also looks like that. And they're probably pleased about it. But I mean, like, you know, kind of like Nondescript. Like, I could find a million people, it's just like psychopat and probably 10 million people. It's just like George. I mean, just, I like the pride. Yeah, it's a good way to hide. And the way things are going lately, it's not a bad idea, okay? Be a real good idea, just to keep a real low profile, it'll be my suggestion. So was pat at the ratings party Monday night? Hell no. Why not? I work out the game. I work on it, I hear. I see. I thought maybe there was some games to watch. Well, you probably watched them on the TV while you were working, though, though. I did. I watched the Senators beat the Leafs through to two. Oh, and I love the way that they try to say, oh, a nail bite. There was nothing nail bite about that game. There was nothing exciting about that game. So they scored two goals in last three and a minute. It's the second of which one bounced off 16 guys. Not of which was a leaf by the way when it went in the net. What are they talking about? And then, of course, McGillney could have tied it up. There were 12 seconds left, but he couldn't score it when empty net in the big game. And then the papers here this morning he's saying, well, you know, I'm not mad Sunday and he's trying to be cute. I guess what you're not mad Sunday, okay? I love McGillney, but he's, you know, tow-cardist. Anyway, speaking of choke, and this is kind of an interesting article at somebody facts to us. A little bit under the stir being side. Not that we wanted to stir, but he, but it, but it says it's a tail only. The best conspiracy theorist could dream of. 11 microbiologists mysteriously did over the Spanish's five months. Some of them, world leaders in developing weapons, great biological plagues. Others, the best in figuring out how to stop millions from dying because of biological weapons. Still, others experts in the ethere of bioterrorism. And they're dying over here. Through an a few Russian defectors, a few nerve-u-es biotech companies had arranged a assassin or two, a bit of Elvis a couple of Satanists, a subtle hinge of espionage, a big lack of imagination to plot his complete alphabet reminiscent of James Bond. The first three died in the space of just over a week in November, but Nito K 52 was an expert in infectious diseases and cellular biology at the Miami Medical School no less, but he expected the name like that. Police originally suspected that he had been beaten on November 12th on a carjacking, in the medical school's parking lot strangely enough though, his body showed no signs of beating. Doctors then began to suspect they stroked. Just four days after Dr. K fell on conscious came the mysterious disappearance of Don Wiley, 57, one of the foremost microbiologists, remember that? Yes. One of the foremost microbiologists in the US, Dr. Wiley of the Howard Hughes Medical Institute in Harvard University, was an expert in how the immune system responds to viral attacks such as the classic doomed claims of HIV Ebola influenza. He had just bought tickets to take a sender Graysland the following owner, one of his dead. To Graysland the following day, police found his rental car in a bridge outside Memphis Tennessee, his body was later found in the Mississippi River, probably right next to Robbie Benson. That was the Tallahatchee Bridge, wasn't it? Yes. Forensic expert said he may have had a dizzy spell in falling off the bridge. Although one has to wonder what he was doing standing on the bridge, but nevertheless, he was just five days after that, the world-class microbiologist and high-profile Russian defective Vladimir Pashanik, 64-felded. The pathologist who did the autopsy and also happened to be associated with Britain's spy agency, concluded he died of a stroke. Dr. Pashanik who defected the UK in 1989 played a huge role in Russian bio warfare and helped to figure out how to modify cruise missiles to deliver the agents of mass biological destruction. The next two deaths came to his forease, a part in December. The third swarrow at 57 was stabbed in Slash, with a police believe was a sword in his farmhouse in Leesburg, Virginia. That happens all the time, don't it? Around here, yeah. His daughter who identifies herself as a pagan high priestess and several of his fellow pagans have been charged. Dr. Schwartz was an expert in DNA sequencing and pathogenic microorganisms who worked at the Center for Innovative Technology in Hundin, Virginia. Four days later, the NVAN set 44 that it worked in G-long-Australian in a lab accident. He had an airlocked storage lab and died from overexposure to nitrogen. Other scientists at the Animal Diseases facility of the Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organizing to just come to fame for discovering a virulence train of masspox, which could be modified to affect smallpox. And then it goes on and on and it's just, it's too depressing. The sudden and suspicious deaths of 11 of the world leading microbiologists, a chilling thought when microbiologists die in the lab, there's a way of taking note of the deaths and adding them up when they die in freakish accidents outside the lab nobody keeps track. And then it's got a list of what they want to happen, et cetera. My favorite is this one. February 9th, February 28th, 2002 this year. San Francisco resident Daniel Holzmer was killed by a microbiologist colleague, Guyang Huang, who shot or were she took delivery of a pizza, and then apparently shot himself. Hollywood's dominoes. That would do it for me. 1041 at 560 WQM calling on drug concepts, man. These are the people who come to rescue, or at least to the rescue of your carpets. If there's schmutzie and crappy and maybe don't even smell to the wood, what a bunch of slabs. But it's true. A lot of stuff gets ground in there. You walk on it. You do all kinds of stuff on it. And as a result, it gets way down there and a fiber's your carpets and they look like hell. If you want to look at it and smelling and feeling just like brand new, call the Miracle Workers at drug concepts. They'll be your home exactly on time. When you make the apartment, they'll give you a written guaranteed price of a front-view before they start doing the job. And then they'll roll up their sleeves. Or maybe they won't even roll up their sleeves. Maybe they got short sleeves shirts. But they'll dry clean your carpets, which sucks out even the deep down dirt. Wait down there in the fibers your carpets. They'll smuggle them with just like brand new, let any fresh. They'll be drying a couple of hours and you'll be amazed. You'll have a shot look on your post when you look down to that floor and see your carpets. It looks just like brand new at a fraction of pain for new carpeting. So treat yourself in your carpets to a spring cleaning today. And Broward called dry concepts and don't forget I've been using them in my house for over 20 years. They are the best. And Broward called 950-4378-950778. 950-7778. And date in Palm Beach, column toll free, 1-800-248-5071. 1-800-248-5071. Clean today and retain today. Good pain. Good show and martial over night science for radio-flight. You have a QAM. Decriminalized pot in Florida. Yep. What a soundproof snow. What is bookings. Is it done or a link or does it involve your behind? Rack them. Stomp them in things that only gaze to this. Yeah. Most states have a loss. You could be jailed or they are fine. The Senate now must pick which order this. O'Sademy. Be the powerful cobbler's reign. Archbath for unbended means. O'Sademy. The front door to that side. Just go and ask to it, Kennedy. His role is my days as in the Senate. You will have a seat. People without health care. Folks lack in livelihood. The way they act is really what is looool. Well, there's hell's tomato specter. And horned by a pack of wood. No matter where you stick it, we get screwed. Lord, what is the power of the Senate? The Senate's lost its mind. There's hunger, drugs, and crime. God knows. Lord, what is the power of the Senate? There's a Senate all mankind. With key reem, don't foolish. I do love the power and order of the beginning. I'm so inspired. I'm going to play that again. Just the beginning. I love the way that things start. Ooooooo. That would be a good poll question. What's worse, that note of the one angel baby by Rosy and the originals? Which nobody in the so-adding members that accept me and vocabrient? Thank God for vocabrient. Old parts like us. So remember the good stuff. I suppose to all these punks. Reason I play that, the leader of a boy Scott Troop is pleaded guilty to repeatedly Sodomizing one of his young charges. Gerald Schwartz, Scott Master of Manhattan's Troop. Wait till you hear the number of the Troop. Okay. 666. Pleaded guilty yesterday to four counts of third degree Sodomy. Third degree. I'll see you in a second. Anyway, four counts of third degree Sodomy. Schwartz admitted he sexually abused the boy in his home in the orphan's. For several months during the fall of 1996. Schwartz 42 entered the play after state Supreme Court Justice Charles Solomon. City would give him at most eight years in prison and possibly less. Solomon said he'll schedule a longer sentence and do a date later. Solomon rejected earlier plays from Schwartz's lawyers who said, putting him in prison with certain social purpose. Schwartz was a woman. Schwartz was a lot of men free on $25,000 bail. The victim now 20, which means he was 15 when he was molested. Has filed a $150 million lawsuit against Schwartz and others. So here's a scout leader. Let's hear it. Here's a rabbi. Yeah. See, we're not always picking on just on a cat like church. All scumbags report right here, okay? Freehold the Jersey. Rabbi II murdered trial. Be held in freehold. And we're going to the races if freehold? No. Good. We'll have a very figuring coming on here and talk about it. One day we'll have Dick Fineberg come on with Steve Wolf and Survey Fyion. Don't be bring an survey down here. Okay, boys. We got enough problems already. Next to be bringing Mickey McNickle back. The second murder trial of a cherry hill rat by accused of arranging his wife's killing likely a be held in Mom's County, a judge said. Court officials in Candon County of Indicate. They want to hold a trial and freehold. The decision is not final, though. Superior Court Judge Lyndon, he backed her assistant. Candon's agreed to move the trial. They filled off a media market. She escaped while the hearing for May 17 is a desire where they're going to hold it. They're holding it. For months lawyers in the case who said freehold is one of three central New Jersey County seats in the running to host high profile trial in which backstew would preside. The court house in Tom's River is being renovated and parking concerns are often said in his reason for not taking the case to New Brunswick. New lander 60. Let's get back to him. In fact, this isn't even even mentioned. I don't think they even mentioned his name in this story. Their sub-sistboard word hell is going to be held. It doesn't even mention his goddamn name in here anywhere else in the story. This is the rabbi. It's accused of arranging the 1994 murder of his wife Carol 52, prosecutors say Newletter had her killed so he could carry on his affair with Philadelphia radio host Elaine Sanchini. How do you like that, huh? Hmm. We don't like these guys having her affairs with radio hostesses, which is like breakfasts and rices. New landers first rallied in November when a Candon County Jew was unable to agree on a verdict backstew order they venue change for the retrial saying extensive publicity would make an impossible to pick an impartial jury. New lander could face the death penalty if convicted. Let's hear it! Let's fry the rabbi. How to get this out of the way sooner later, just have a look. Making your way in the world today takes everything you've got. Making the break for more your worries. Show it help a lot. Wouldn't you like to get away? There you go. Sometimes you've got to go where everybody knows your name. And they're always better to care. You want to be what you can see. The troubles are all the same. You want to be where everybody knows your name. No. You want to go where you're known. People are all the same. You want to go where everybody knows your name. What's Tia's in tears? They're wasting half an hour. We see especially in the night on Sunday for three hours and 15 minutes. What Tia's in Hillside Blues and Hillside Blues and Tia's. I don't care. What time Jick or any other TV whole says? I didn't like that. You either watch it. I don't want to know from it. The theme song is this corny. Even in Anzio, they don't grow the corny at high. Would you agree? No question. Oh, I just didn't. No, I'm not going to play it again. I just went here the first couple of notes and see if I got the same reaction. And I did. I was like, yeah, I headed right up to the Yuvila. I was going to talk a little bit. I know it's very popular, but I'm going to tell you something. See, I don't watch shows because somebody else likes them. I don't listen to radio shows because somebody tells me they like them. I give it a little sample. And if I don't like it, I don't pay any attention. I don't watch it. Oh, the last episode of mash was lost by 47 trading people. I don't care. Didn't watch mash. I didn't see the last episode. Well, you see, you're always in a small village. Not either. So at least you're consistent. It was pretty good. It's good every week. Let's face it. It's just a good show. It's well written. I mean, the acting isn't going to win any Academy Awards or whatever they give. You know, but the fact is it's a damn good show. It's riveting. It's interesting. It's fast moving. We can always live without the one at show. Every week, every single week. Now last night they had this woman who raised Lex Luther for money was a baby because Mama died or whatever. And she came back to town. He was very cold and hostile and nasty. And then come to fight out that she was dying of cancer. And I think of the show. He goes to visit in the hospital. And he almost shows a little bit of a warm side. But underlined me almost. But we have to add the obligatory scene between Lex Luther and Daddy. Yeah. You know what I'm talking about? Like as a final thought or something. No, no, but we always have to see the obligatory scene about how Daddy is a prick. And these are hard to ask. You know, there's no warmth. There's no love. There's just a piece of crap. You know, we know that already. Bulletin. Earth to the writers. We already know that. And it's getting pretty pondress. And especially on a show that's only on for an hour of which forty seven minutes are taken up with spots. I mean, a lot of us would rather see Clark and his girlfriends. They're naked for a few minutes as opposed to seeing the obligatory scene. Would Lex Luther when his dad, okay? And in addition, which I'm getting really sick and tired of Lex Luther in the first place in his bald spot. You know what I'm saying? I said it. It doesn't make any sense. The whole thing doesn't make any sense. He's is, and on next week, I just give it a little accrued because they show the previews of the next week show. The whole town is smallville is like rocked by something. And they realized that there was a not just a meteor shower. But there was something else that fell to earth. And then they show a scene in that little spaceship. Oh, the car cake. Yeah. And so evidently the the the the the word is out or something like that. Now there's certainly not going to find the spaceship. Somebody might. Well, I guess you'll have to tune in next week on WB. What is it? 39. Yes. Whatever. Double double double. But I think all of the MTV shows that we're so popular that all my gosh, these are the most watch shows. Like, see, I'm not impressed by that. That's that's called hype. It's called getting sucked in. Like I did on an NBC special on Sunday. For the cheeses, all the years that they've been on, there must be a lot of great stuff that's going to be on her. I was wrong. I could have spent the three and a half hours better taking a nice nap. I'll pre-a pre-go to bed nap would have been good. Would have been a much better spent time than watching that swell. Mashed was one of more than other one. Cheers. Hill Street blues did not watch that. LA law, but there was a reason not because I thought it was a bad show. Not that I thought it was a bad dawn, but you had prior to the fact that it is. I had not sliding on here, so I didn't have time for no LA law. Plus Harry Hamlin when I see him, I wasn't Susan Day on that show. Yes, she was. And I feel so bad when I see Susan Day because she's like, all black and blue and beaten up. And you know, I just, she was so cute when she was on a partner. Am I wrong about that? I never know. She looks like, she looks like hell on two legs, man. Not as good as she used to, but I never, I never noticed the bruises like you did. I look real close. Just like when David Cassidy's on, I look real close. Poor David. Hey, Shirley, you can quick get in the Murraydoth now. Okay, nobody believes it anyway. Quit with all the wives. Let's head about 700 wives, David. We still don't believe it. Love David Cassidy. Everybody love that show. Nobody, I'm going to take another thing. I don't want to start playing like rich boss with the audience out there. But if you didn't like the Parkerage family, we have no respect for you. I'll put it as simply as that. I think we can all agree with that. I bet you even pet, psychopet, Mr. Sports guy, Mr. Macho sitting there. How about you even he's watching the Parkerage family? A couple times. Say, probably more than a fleeting interest in Susan Day. Don't worry, your wife ain't listening. Your wife's not listening to the show. What about her? She was cute. Yes, she was pretty. Yeah, not as pretty as David, but she was pretty. That is pretty. I'm not nearly as pretty as George. He sure has a pretty mouth. 1056, it's 5. It's 6. WQM. He's one thing about pet man. He's nothing phases him. He's got that sports thing going. He's watching hockey games. He's watching tapes of old football games. He's watching Tom Brady when the Super Bowl again. Hey, it's going Tommy, baby. And he'll be pleased to know I got my sports illustrated. It's written right back here within Arms Reach. Who's on the cover? Who's on the cover? Who's on the cover? Tom Brady's on the cover. Tom Brady's on the cover. I'm not talking about the new one. I'm talking about the one from a couple of weeks ago with Tom. You didn't see the one with Tom Brady on the cover? Yes, I did. Yeah, you saw it. Just because that imposing penis was sticking out. You know, I know what he's going to know that you saw. We won't tell anybody. You didn't look. 1057 at 560 WQM. That's why man, which is jealous of Tom Brady. I'll tell you that. Hey, if you always put off going to the dentist because of fear pain or neglect called a pediatrician, a pediatrician, a pediatrician, a pediatrician, a pediatrician, a pediatrician, a pediatrician, a pediatrician, a pediatrician, a pediatrician, a pediatrician, a pediatrician, a pediatrician, a pediatrician, a pediatrician, a pediatrician, a pediatrician, a pediatrician, a pediatrician, a pediatrician, a pediatrician, a pediatrician, a pediatrician, a pediatrician, a pediatrician, a pediatrician, a pediatrician, a pediatrician, a pediatrician, a pediatrician, a pediatrician, a pediatrician, a pediatrician, a pediatrician, a pediatrician, a pediatrician, a pediatrician, a pediatrician, a pediatrician, a pediatrician, a pediatrician, a pediatrician, a pediatrician, a pediatrician, a pediatrician, a pediatrician, a pediatrician, a pediatrician, a pediatrician, a pediatrician, a pediatrician, a pediatrician, a pediatrician, a pediatrician, a pediatrician, a pediatrician, a pediatrician, a pediatrician, a pediatrician, a pediatrician, a pediatrician, a pediatrician, a pediatrician, a pediatrician, a pediatrician, a pediatrician, a pediatrician, a pediatrician, a pediatrician, a pediatrician, a pediatrician, a pediatrician, a pediatrician, a pediatrician, a pediatrician, a pediatrician, a pediatrician, a pediatrician, a pediatrician, Can you watch your show on my 16th of July and Miami for the Larket? Yeah, get ready! Could the pleasures of eating ass lead to an untimely death? I'm White Fort Lottodale. Join us tonight at 6 for part 1 of a probing channel to an investigation into the dangers of eating ass. Experts say it tastes like a bety, but some doctors say it could spread disease. After that disturbing look at eating ass, we'll have more condescending dips on how to raise children. This is White Fort Lottodale from Channel 10U. What will the weather be like tomorrow? Filling in for the vacationing.no. We have Channel 12 weatherman John Matthews. Oh, hello everybody, on John Matthews. Tomorrow's going to be bright and sunny and happy with the tuxels. We have the children will play. Also at 11 gritty Groover takes us behind the scenes, the show is which I she actually uses to look in the camera. The dangers of eating ass. That story is more. That rebelled between our continuing series of dips on how to raise children tonight. Only on Channel 10U. 1103 or 560 WQM. We've got Mad Doggy Man. It's one hankl to be long and a hump between 360 and 360. The pregame show for baseball at the 639. Then you got the apod race to get the won't again at pp park 705 in front of another spectacular crown. Let me say it again. Norma Kent was there last night and he would make this up. Even though I think he did make up the story about talking to Tom Walling for ten minutes. When did he dream that Norma? And he was gorgeous. Let's see the baseball game the Padres and you were a south foot of baseball team. 705 etiquette after baseball. The dirty boys, you're in Mark Probe coming bigger by the minute overnight to the six. I think they become bigger by the minute as we watch. That's what we're saying. Songwriter, oh, this is terrible. You know who died? I give up. How come I didn't lead with this story? And you probably had the song there somewhere. You know the Elvis CDs that we have sitting around. I don't want to make you have to. Huh? They're around here. Well, they're pretty easy to spot. You know they got that like brown, they got that brown stuff on them. Songwriter, oh, this blackwell dies at 70. You know what he wrote? How dug? He wrote my clothes. John, how do I? He had a hand dog. Very good. The other side. Don't be cruel. Very good. Otis blackweller, where dozens of hits songs are going to be cool for Elvis. Personally, God Monday, a heart attack he was 70. He died. Oh, we're sorry to hear that. And Nashville, no less. Blackwell wrote more than a thousand songs. My goodness. Can you even begin to imagine that? We couldn't write one song. If somebody hold a gun to our head. You know, which is not a good idea to be saying that after yesterday morning. But if somebody held a gun to your head, we couldn't write a gun. One song could wait. Not me. No. I mean, we could write maybe like a comedy song like the Brian. And probably not as good as the stuff he writes. But we could write some silly. But I'm talking about like a real song. He wrote more than a thousand songs that were recorded by performance such as Ray Charles Billy Joel, the who James Taylor Otis, ready, a pey Lee and Julie Lewis. Some of Blackwell's other credits include Great Balls of Fire. You see how important this guy was? Wow. Great Balls of Fire. Bratless also recorded by Julie Lewis. Handyman by James Taylor. Proving nobody's perfect. Well, probably would have been better if somebody else were to sang it. Anything would be better if somebody else would be inside James Taylor. I don't know about you, but if you're listening to James Taylor music, we're going to report you to Mike Disney. We can't stand James Taylor on a show. Fire and rain. I've seen fire. I've told you if I hear that one more time. I'm going to make James Taylor go on a date with the righteous brother. There's nothing one of him is dead. Oh, this running. Oh, anyway, get back to Daddy Rolling Stone by the who? Daddy Rolling Stone? That's not one. I know. Never heard of it. And return to sender and all shook up each recorded by Elvis. He wrote, don't be cruel. Return to sender. All shook up. Great balls of fire. Feaver by Peggy Lee. Feaver in a morning and Peter at night. In fact, I was working on WSPB in Sarasota 1973. We had a guy named Lowell Schubaker. We used to call him the old turkey buzzer. And you want to know why? Because he looked like an old turkey buzzer. But anyway, he was kind of a funny guy. He was one of the DJs. And I remember one day he was a played the song, Feaver. I don't know what was Peggy Lee or probably like covered by some dead artists. And he said, and we had a guy who used to do the morning show named Peter Johns. Very, I've very staugly boring guy with a deep voice. Who's really a third burger? And I remember he said something about Feaver in the morning and Peter all night. And he, he lost it right on the ear. I never forget that. He just, he never recovered. He just, I think right now he's still laughing. Twenty nine years later, he's still just chuckling and gurgling and puke and blackwell was created. Well, I guess he had to be there. He was created with writing songs that don't we have a bit on Feaver? And I just dreamin' that. We have Deaver Feaver. Oh yeah, that's where we got that. I'll have to find that somewhere because it's on an ACN. Which I haven't had. I haven't had a drawer here. It'd be very proud of him. I'm all like ordered to range in order on the drawer. Ask me if I'm gonna play it today. Are you gonna play it? No. Blackwell was credited with writing songs that sort more than a hundred eighty. Five million copies. See, we know oldest reading, right? But we didn't know from oldest blackwell unless you know where we'll be. Music person unless you really know something which we don't. Born in Brooklyn, New York Blackwell grew up wanting to be a singer. While recording songs for a small company, my off mic. Yeah, a little bit, but who cares? I have to be because I'm reaching back to find a piece of copy. Okay. I told you about how I do that. Uh-huh. The ones that repeat I have to sit him on the ledge back there because I don't have all that much room. Anyway, he was born in Brooklyn, grew up wanting to be a singer while recording songs for a small company in New York City. He was asked to write songs as well. Blackwell often sang the songs himself before they were recorded and some music historians believe his style influenced Elvis Presley's, which I would say is shocking. Oldest blackwell dies as a 70 which ordinarily people say, why are you wasting time with that? Because it's important, baby. It's important stuff. You're not gonna be reading that news paper. I might be in the obituary for you morbid bastards. I read the obituary all the time. I stopped reading those obituraries a few months ago. You know why? Why? Somebody died whose name I was looking for in everything. That's right. Yeah. And I said, oh, that could as I have to look at that anymore. Anchorage Alaska's student was suspended from Juno High School after displaying a banner that urged wrong hits for Jesus. Suud the principal and local school board Thursday saying they had violated his right to free speech. This is last Thursday. The ACLU said it five-law's who he has to record in Juno. On behalf of Joseph Frederick, a senior held up the banner during Juno's Olympic torch relay on in January. As punishment, he was suspended from school for 10 days after Juno Douglas High School principal Deborah Morris invoked the school's anti-drug policy that was an overreaction said later these civil liberties group. The banner's message of popular expression among snowboarders who have developed their own slang, Bonghits for Jesus, was intended to be silly but provocative silly said Jennifer and the union executive director of Bonghits. And then it says here, a Bonghits of pipe used to smoke marijuana. No. No, Schmidt. Who wrote this? This is from Reuters AP, Reuters UK. A Bonghits of pipe used to smoke marijuana. Hey, are you kids out there? I hope you're learning something now. Bonghits rhymes with gong and gong and song. We're just talking about the guy wrote all the great songs. And what point does the school have to draw the line and stop policing with the student saying, think, what a grass. If we don't challenge this, it's a precedent that allows speech about drugs or speech mentioning drugs to be a violation of anti-drug policies. Oh, and I saw that spot last night that one day, oh my god, when they're running about you're subsidizing, I'm killing innocent babies. Oh, Jesus, cry. I've never seen that. I don't know the bit that we played about that. Right. I guess about filling up which I love that. I'm going to play it in a second. You hadn't seen that spot yet? No. It's every scene. I've seen the earlier ones that were like predecessors to building up to this crap. I mean, this president, man, he needs a lobotomy. Did this at a whole administration they need mental help? If you're doing drugs, you're subsidizing a terrorist. You're a freaking terrorist, okay? All you drug addicts out there when you're wicked weed. You're subsidizing terrorists. I gave the command to kill thousands, vids, and people. I said, fill her up. I helped raise money to buy explosives for a suicide bomber. But it was just so I could drive to my in-laws for Thanksgiving. I helped ship rocket launchers to Islamic front. I helped provide cash to train terrorist gorillas. But all I was doing was topping off my tank before my ski trip. If you think your addiction to using gasoline in your car isn't causing any harm, think again. Because the money you spend to fill your tank eventually goes to fill the pockets of terrorists. I gave the command to kill thousands of innocent people. And all I had to say was fill her up. So, mother public service announcements. Wanted to blame terrorism on drug addicts. But we want to let people know that it's gasoline that fuels terror. So, whether you're sticking a straw in your nose or a nozzle in your tank, you're part of the problem. I was just out for a Sunday drive. It's not like I was hurting anyone. This message provided by the council on displacing the blame. If you alone too much, you're in trouble. Hey, Terry, don't be stepping on our guys, please. But she's got a good point. Does that incredible or what? Yeah. It's appealing to the same moron, just like Nancy Reagan would. I'd just say no to drug, just say no to sex, just say no to Nancy. Uh, it's Jesus. God, anyway, this story goes on the important part about them. Getting all better out of shape on this. It's a bung hung, bung hits for Jesus. The bannardously occurred off school property on a public sidewalk where students and other Juneau residents, and that's not the Juneau. How come guys change away the pronounce to an Amy in our like Tony Dorset? Because I was used to be Tony Dorset, and then he was Tony Dorset and Joey Juno used to be, And now he's Joey Juno. It's been a reason official frog. You know, I'm saying there are a pat. Joey Juno, the former capital. He used to be Juno. Now he's Juneau. Do you know that? No, I did not. Now you do. The bannardously occurred off school property on a public, and he's playing with him on Fial Canadians. By the way, number 90, I just mentioned that in passing since you said you know it, hockey fan. And I'm sure you saw him play last night. I did. I said he was a former capital. He was. Well, the school of the capitals. Okay, screw them. We don't like them. And he was also former broen. You should know that. Yes, he was. The bannardously occurred off school property on a public sidewalk where students and other Juneau residents were gathered to watch the torch relay. Many students, including Frederick, had been let out of school for the U.N. According to lawsuit, more than the bannardly Frederick Sand's later doubled his five days suspension when during a meeting with a recorded one of Thomas Jefferson statements about free speech. He was rich. Oh my God, boy, boy, boy. Freedom in America. Just like Jay Black and he Americans used to sing only in America, and you were absolutely right. By the way, he was ugly. Jay Black. I thought he was always a real good looking. I was watching one of those informers. You know, for the great hits from the 50s and 60s, not on the crap, right? And then you, like I've told you before, the only reason I watched those is to get to see a lot of these groups that you didn't ever saw, but they looked like before, at least you've forgotten about 40 years ago, like Jay Black. Why never saw Jay Black? He was not, he was not nothing. He was pretty margin-looking. I always thought he was a real good looking guy. See, in that close to show a nature balancing out again, if you can sing real great, have a voice like that. You should be ugly as crap, like David Gates. If you look real good, you should not be able to sing good. You should look like Brittany. Okay, she looks great. She can't sing for crap. That's a work of God. And I think everybody would agree with that. No question. Oh, God. I'm a 13, that's fine. I just calm down. I got to do a spot here. I'm going to start talking about time. I'm going to be so excited because he's gorgeous. He's gorgeous according to Norma Kent. Yeah. And Norm spent 10 minutes with him. That would have been enough for me, I guarantee you. Mother's days this Sunday this year more than ever show Mommy love and appreciate her by sitting her a Vermont teddy bear. Your mom, wife, or grandma will get a beautiful bear made in Vermont deliver with a free card in candy in a fun gift box. Just call a bear counselor at this tool for a number at 1-800-829 bear. The help you tailor a bear just for mom, so she'll know you put some real thought and effort and work into this gift. Or at least she'll think that. Ask about the new spa mob bear or the mama's boy with a heart shaped tattoo. And don't forget all you dads out there. It's your job to get mama get from the kids. And the mother and cup said is a perfect idea. As many cups as need them with their names on the outfits. It's a lot more personal than those crappy old flowers. You know, flowers are fine for a few hours. And then they're dead. So call 1-800-829 bear or shop online at Vermont teddy bear.com. It takes five minutes to order. You can send her bear right to the office. So while they're co-workers, I'll think you're a real hot shot. Give her a gift this mother's day. So remember forever from the Vermont teddy bear company. Call 1-800-829 bear. Be sure to tell that crusty old meal. To what you need to call 1-800-829. If the marlins and podries are united to pro, cover X-X-X-X-X-X-X-X-X-X-X-X-X-X-X-X-X-X-X-X-X-X-X-X-X-X-X-X-X-X-X-X-X-X-X-X-X-X-X-X-X-X-X-X-X-X-X-X-X-X-X-X-X-X-X-X-X-X-X-X-X-X-X-X-X-X-X-X-X-X-X-X-X-X-X-X-X-X-X-X-X-X-X-X-X-X-X-X-X-X-X-X-X-X-X-X-X-X-X-X-X-X-X-X- The ways of aspirations are based onism and ambition is the aim aiming earned, and think not to convince the aspirations realization that all of their dreams could never be achieved over the stars, right before the money is dedicated in my life. If having a life of just a little yesterday, I will really keep Verfüg the Jan. It'd be great to be in charge of the planes going to quickly move across the sea. You will have so hard that you've made me Asborns meet the Asborns Because you won't believe what you will see Dr. Kelly, all she wants to do is play And young Jack can't decide if he is gay Asborns meet the Asborns Don't be shocked or kind of spooky Totally co-key, a skirt of family Two days on empty Now what time is it on on the empty Since I've never watched a show I've seen clips by never watched a show From 30 to 10, 30, the season finale was last night But I'm sure they'll be repeating them Like they spend all day Saturday playing them all in a row Also in other words, you could watch on Warner Bros And WB you could watch Smallville from 9 to 10 Right And then you can go like have a snack Or like rub your cell for off or have an hour And then come back and watch the Asborn I bet you what I played that You were thinking I was playing something else No? Why? When you didn't think I was playing like a fun song Thames since we've played all these themes today I would have normally thought that But you've been playing that Asborns lately So I figured that's what it was Can't fool you, can't fool a George folks Can't pull the wool over his eyes Our pull is up and has been for a while I keep neglecting the mention Which is a shame shame on me Which was your all time favorite cartoon Or comic book action figure Superman and Batman have been battling it out Superman have been 28 Batman's got 23 He's right on his ass He's right on Clark Kent's ass Who can blame him? But he has no other stories from Robin yet I probably fly away Spider-Man says that's one thing about now Captain Marvel can fly too right Yes he could But he didn't have cold breath or heat vision Cold breath You never saw that Superman he would blow on a pond and freeze it over No, I never saw that Yeah They just kept going stuff out of the grass Oh no he can do this too Yeah Cold breath I had bad breath From all that kryptonite Anyway Superman 28 Batman 23 I was just thinking though that Batman was the only kid crusader who couldn't fly Because Superman could fly And Captain Marvel could fly But Batman couldn't fly Nope And what was Batman said And Robin used to laugh at him about it Behind closed doors and now for used to peek through the peole Spider-Man 14 Which of course you understand why Wonder Woman would 7 Dick Tracy 6, 6 people like Dick Tracy Green Horned 5 And then after that the tick The tick I don't know what that is What was the tick It's a more recent comic book It was a humor-based comic book But nevertheless an inspired a cartoon and a TV series Oh here's Michael Gerard Bidians Jackivity with the guy No Jackivity with the guy It's all a season bomb and sexual mustache Specifically Gerard Bidian Was to find a find out from Cardinal Law Why Cardinal Law and other members of the clergy Move to Gagan from Perusiclerce Even though they apparently knew about allegations That's actually one of you So why are they allowed Gagan to continue to have Yeah it's old news, okay Old news why And of course we know why Because it was the procedures Wait they always did it When you got a problem just move it around Put it on the carpet and make it somebody else's problem Shift it around Anyway, here's a great facts from chronic David Did I say David was a chronic facts about it? I guess he took it personally So if you say a chronic I might as well be one Love and Kisses David Then he asked the size matter which I thought he was getting personal But then I see what this is all about This is pretty interesting stuff Now the other day on the show we talked about New Black men have larger penises Which was a scientific study by the way There was nothing like sub-roso or racist about that And notice that that's farce You're guy that called the morning guy this morning Whatever his name is I notice he called and he was making reference to that too But I was talking about the size of black men's penises Well sir you worry about your own size, okay In fact it would seem to me that any dark guy out there Would be impressed by that Right? I know I would I mean there's an old saying I want to hear that If you can't have a big IQ at least have a big penis And certainly that guy this morning who called and probably don't qualify in either category But anyway So I don't want to get into that I just thought it was totally in tempered for those remarks to be on the ear Especially when we're having like our, our, you know Our data, now you know Our cooling off period Just like the Palestinians are doing over there Anyway, Gary Griffin, author of the book penis enlargement facts and fallacies That's what the F, not what the PH Clames to know the load on on some huge personalities is reported in the Boston Phoenix This is, uh, this is a real fly opener, you know that Now some of them we already knew like Warren Badean Miltonboro, everybody knew that Right But some of the other ones on here it'll be shocking In fact let me give her clue because I know Pat's been dying to hear this This is Shirley Jones working in the United States and over there Shirley Jones has a big penis And those are the sour that is I love those notes Hello, welcome to the song, that's the singing The clock is happy Oh, love, love in this world We'll be bringing, we'll make you happy We are the three, we don't drop into y'all We're a little lover, we'll keep moving on Something always happens when ever wins together We'll be here to have the feeling when we're singing a song That's a song that's singing To come on, get out Okay, it's enough Warren Badey, women who've enjoyed Badey's amorous advances Where that is, how do I like a donkey? And that's what we've all heard, we all heard that right Yes Warren Badey's big and Hollywood Milton Burrell, Reston piece It's a well established fact that Uncle Mildi was the king See, and I can't read these words on it You can use your own imagination Clown, King clown of Hollywood Humphrey Borgard, sources claim that he's ported a PENGILISLY long, long, long, long, long I love that word I heard it was the pit, he could swirking it I heard it was the pit Michael Kane, the British actor is also going to be a talented Lover hung in the eight inch range See, it's also got centimeters I don't know even though I'm in Canada, I don't know from centimeters yet Even one silly little centimeter He was hung in the eight, Michael Kane, never want to thought about him Would you? No Willem to fall, and I said it right this time, let's hear it again Oh, practice makes perfect, willem to fall Star of Mississippi burning in Platoon according to this book The foe is as hung as he is talented A royal flan, the late actor best known for his salty swish A swash buckling rolls, delighted and exhibiting his manhood The close friends Yeah, we've heard about which close friends too Most of the male Harrison Ford, a female reader reports that the star of the Indiana Jones series These star wars trilogy in the fugitive is tremendously hung Harrison Ford, he's gigantic and Hollywood So there's a good actor with a big penis, or he's he would I'm saying, life isn't fair, I've a sand before If you look really good, you should not have a good voice to sing And I'm thinking that if you're a great actor, you should have a very small penis Do you like it? It's only right Like to see the Lord even things out a little bit If you're going to hand out all kinds of attributes to people Kind of like spread it around a little bit please Please 26 past 11 and 5, 60 WQM We got the mad dog coming up on a clock today Hank Groger 3, and then we got that baseball stuff We got that baseball stuff Over 6,000 says what it said in the post where this morning Does anybody believe it? No, not normal can't who said it was like 3,000 maybe Maybe Hey summertime is here, forget about it's coming Okay, it's here because it's 100 degrees in the shade And I hit a thing, I don't know if I put it in my pot Or I was 2D press reading it for all you folks down here About how it's going to be the hottest summer like maybe on record And you're going to be just dying over there Only omit is a product that will make you feed your best And keep you in good health and soft food And no matter how hot or human it gets Only omit is a soft gel capsule that contains pharmaceutical grade All the whole along with vitamins and minerals and rules To promote health for all different parts of your body of your health They have one product help your prostate Does another one for your heart There's a product for your blood pressure or cholesterol Only omits also got supplements to promote health in your circulatory system Your digestive and endocrine systems your skin and bones Even your mind All using the benefits of pharmaceutical grade olive oil And don't forget you ladies out there You're not left out Only omits got a line of products for men and also for your ladies as well All you meant to be able to store is all over town You can pick them up today as in right now at Walgreens Whole food markets and all pharmacy and sedanos If you want to get more info on your product before your bi just call their toll free number And they'll be happy to answer all your questions just acts away Call 1-866-Oleometodotol free call 1-866-OLEO-MED Or to their products on their website if you like You got to eat your weedies to listen here baby Sports radio 5656 You a M Girl, gratifying what a what a you're wondrous PIMP Wow Once upon a time there was a charming young bachelor searching for the woman of his dream I've got me come And 25 women trying to prove they're the one I know it's the last one to the count But when one man is involved with more than one woman there's bound to be trouble She's really a guy She's got man here Each week some women will be asked to stay Others will have to go And it's a little too much for some of the women to handle Who are you? Who got a jacket? Will he propose? I'm a natural blonde Who will he choose? She's got a mustache Will she say yes? No way Not at the sucks face With the other 24 dickheads You're a baby The bachelor You're a little bachelor Now what do you say if you suck one? 1131 at 560 WQM Here's a facts from Debbie who says in a course the greatest American hero Was that a cartoon or a comic book? No I don't think so But it gave me a good excuse That's what I figured it out I love it Don't you love this? I like it You're gonna be fine Even if you hated the show you got a little bit of a set That's right You don't like it because they were played I don't know what's happening I almost stepped on it Sorry I can't work with that I had to play this Suddenly I'm a fun top of the world You should've been somebody else We leave it all out I'm walking on air I never thought I could feel so free I had to wait all of a sudden And I'm a friend I don't know I don't know Even it all night It's because of me I spent my entire life And Robert Kump was in a show Two courses on the state For Bill Pazby the night And they're great wonders why Club is the only one We're talking about Making all of my wishes She I think that's what then Sports is on first thought about Because I would be single-fazby We leave it all out I'm walking on air I never thought I could feel so free I had to wait all of a sudden Two courses on the state For Bill Pazby the night It's just me I've got to follow me I can play that all day And probably in the 80s Anybody doesn't like that It's got crappy tasting music George doesn't like it Because he had to play it on the year About 4,000 times an hour And he got burned out on They destroyed it But I'm telling you That's just a great thing In fact, don't remember We took the poll of the themes We played all these this first time And it won by a thousand votes Not Got a few votes Well, I mean I'm not saying it's the best theme from a TV I bet you even psychopath likes that theme It was all right Yeah, I was saying See you don't look This isn't a suck around show You don't have to agree We don't suck around on this show If you think it sucks, you go right ahead and say it No, I think it's fine I'm not gonna Not not me They get up the greatest But it was pretty good In fact, now they were at it I might as well since I'm always inflicting this one And nobody agrees with me Remember we did the thing And it just frustrates a hell I mean, I'm not saying it was a good show But this theme is just a phenomenon Got it I'm getting goosebumps I'm so lucky It's so tired It's so bright Oh Oh Oh See, this verse will be worked out To that big dramatic ending With some small scum And that's great, it's good Even though he's an old fart The crescendo Yeah, big crescendo With the end there That was different idea Doing it Almost here now The emissive merciless play on the show I don't know Yes you do She played his secretary A whole emissive merciless bond And Barnacles going We married a new Mary weather I have no idea I've never seen her who told you that I've just put it out of my ass The very good He was pulled out of his record Here, here we go Oh Oh Man If you don't think that's a great theme song You don't know your theme songs Mr. I've figured it right that We're going to send you over to spend a week with a birdstander If you don't like that theme song Barnacles Jones Barnacles Jones Barnacles Jones gets his man I was thinking about Bill Ross this morning from Channel 7 And he threw out nobody there knows who that is I can't believe you don't know Bill Ross Nope He was a big fat guy who used to like do the weather on Channel 7 Once a grey wild on a weekend Cause everybody gets to the weather on a weekend And he was the booth announcer He was like the Scott what's his name Chay Chayman Right He was the booth announcer He had all these corny poems Barnacles Jones always gets his man He was like kind of an old-footie daddy guy He was all right And then it was Wayne Chandler who also was a weather guy He was also on a Kiddishaw on Channel 7 The Sunset Funny Which grew up with With Toby DeLota You know Wayne Chandler then I did it was their the same Maris Bill Ross And he watched the Sunday fronties I didn't watch the news as they spawn And also the other guy Wayne Ferris Who's the one that got in the bad accident that we talked about before Right Lot of Wayne's running around Certainly better than the way we got left now The one with a bad complexion into bald spot Anyway Nancy says daddy was a rolling stone Was hit by the temptations Well we know that Nancy but that's not what it did It said daddy a rolling stone But a who So I think I think they messed up in there Maybe they could have messed up Thanks Nancy Thanks for carrying sweet art What was the guy's name that wrote those songs? Something black something Yeah it's already in the way Spass Good, Otis something black man Otis dark man And that's how do you know he was black I don't he's just his last name was black something black See on you he can hear the one I want to start this racial crap He's talking a little specter Okay he's the one saying that I don't know he's black I didn't know either he's last name He started with black And if he was black then that's more power too Because he was a great writer Because he wrote a lot of R&B stuff he probably was black And see if he was a guy's wrote all that good stuff Since he influenced Elvis he probably was Like fat stomping on fats Well what about call Perkins he influenced Elvis was he black No So what are you talking about? What you talking about? Carry Grant Oh, it's interesting you know what it says here it says Gary Grant I guess yes Yeah it says Gary Grant It does What a piece Where what is this from? It's from the penis enlargement facts and fallacies That's a book by Gary Griffin That meant that's why it calls everybody Gary because his name is Gary Anyway carry Grant It says a former Mnut What is that word? Mnunces It's smooth to me Yeah that's that's an oint to me Mnunces A former lover And we're not sure which sex either in his case But a lot of rumors in those days They're all thin and carry Grant A former Coast personal charm of carry Grant wrote to me That his flasad penis live flat against his belly Almost reaching his navel a size eight Puddle we appreciate a size eight That's disgusting Don Johnson that's where they got the word about you know Where they started using all these people's names To represent the male member In fact I can remember our mad dog just a couple weeks ago saying to me on this show He said got to keep your shots and straight here Was that worth it? No not really Anyway Don Johnson one look at that foulest made to my me vice prime time staple You can see why Melody Griffith married him twice Ha ha ha ha ha Yeah Keep on it. She want to see if he was still the same when she came back the second time Steve Martin or now that's a shock Is there anybody in this audience who would assume that Steve Martin's got a large penis? I don't know what to talk about This wild and crazy guy has no need to be modest in locker rooms Steve allegedly sports a size eight See everybody they got in here at least so far has got a size eight I think the eight of them Steve McQueen According to one of his lovers like two cores beer cans well together Ha ha ha That and that a great way of describing it. I never heard a penis describe point that way like two cores beer cans well together Maybe the girlfriend was Tuesday well Eddie Murphy now that don't surprise me See now that guy's gonna get all that out of shape that dark and collected guy and hey listen we had a few dark guys in here I see there's a couple Eddie Murphy star Beverly Hills cop Murphy's known to be very well in doubt probably in the eight to nine And when they say where is this coming from from somebody's vivid imagination I don't know because the Boston Phoenix you understand is a fag mag you do understand that I had no idea Well you would assume so anybody so preoccupied with penis isn't penis size You would assume that probably wouldn't be like some virul guy like psycho pat there Twenty me four known at five sixty WQM I think it'd be kind of a hoot to find out which sports nerd at QM's got the biggest penis That would be an interesting contest every one day. Oh, we heard how those rumors about Goldie Oh, I'm sure he wins hands down. We can have Carlos take the measurements Twenty till noon at five sixty WQM. How'd you like to have a big one? Boy, it's sure in the way amazing the way these things all fit together Yeah, you bet we're talking of course in this case get your minds out of the gutter guy damn it out of your crotch We're talking about a big paycheck If you would like to have a big paycheck so you can impress everybody out there maybe get a few things in your life Then fast rank it up your chief that nuclear and just four short months You can double the size of your paycheck by becoming a computer professional before the summer's over Fast training offers Microsoft certified instructors no payments for a four year job placement as systems They need in classes too with four convenient locations in dating route including that brand new candle campus You no longer have any excuse call fast train at this toll free number eight six six fast train Don't forget when you call be sure and tell them that Todd Dreck who says useless as teach on a frog Tell them that he told you to call call him right now. We're checking out of the worldwide wicked web at fast train dot com fast drink And have you certified ready for that new money making career in as little as four months So say goodbye to that dead end job to that asshole boss of yours right now today called fast train Because nobody should have to settle for a small puny paycheck call one eight six six fast train And don't forget all fast train locations are licensed by the state commission for independent education By following the errors of which the was necessary We'll Roger is waiting for you in five six two a.m Suck it in and hold it I'll see the leader is where the party is that you were chettin for the man's a word for the catch you I'm a student group of the middle east to you gentle you it's a hot one sung by his release who were taught in the kingdom You could hear him in the rear of the pub saying let's be through with him not though ourselves up so for sure Now we ain't playing man with the scar fat cut just sounds so okay We're the Hey, he don't know nothing about that the bombing yesterday that homicide bombing look what's going on with a market today I told yesterday and I tell you don't get panic. I'm sorry common cool like me did I say that? Just relax don't cross selling all kinds of stuff just because the market's been going down every single day and it looks like the world's coming to an end But that was up 261 points. Oh, and as that 90 plus and even the S&P over 30 point. How do you like that huh aren't you impressed? I like it Good start good start. We'll do this every day for about the next six months I think some of us have a few bucks back for the next six years Yeah, for the next 50 years getting back to this list now here's somebody I have no idea who it is I never thought on a list of large penises that we'd have somebody on list. I had never heard of Okay, Liam Neeson he's been in a million movies most recently the previous Star Wars not the current one. It's about to come out What does he play beside with himself? The previous Star Wars he was quite on gen the Jedi Knight the god. I'm not him. He was the the head guy the god killed the head guy Yeah, anyway, it says Liam Neeson is reputation is a truly big star is now widely disseminated and big is in big capital letters big I'm trying to think of it. I movies that he's been in and I'm sure you haven't seen any of them good He went out. You're so awesome Judy Roberts has a big penis. No, he went out with her. I'll tell you who probably most have his a lot of speaking to Judy Roberts lie I love it because why else would she marry him right there's more data. Yeah, but if he had a ton of money She don't need somebody with money and he's got to be he's got to be the ugliest man in the fate. He even looks worse than the thing And that's that's saying a lot wouldn't call the thing ugly as much as I would just strange bizarre weird He makes Gilbert look like Tom welling and I know to speak at a Tom welling. I think that Tom welling is causing a swelling on our pull for Superman 47 votes Batman's got 30 and Spider-Man 26 Why do women with 12 because they likely in the cloud? Are they like to see her naked? Well, I would just say that why wouldn't they vote for super boy if they're into that Because nobody knows from a super boy. Okay. It was a different comic strip and so on, but we we I don't know we we we we we again back to my list I don't know don't don't start confusing things like you always do how many super boy god and super zero really Nice choice to you're right Green arrow super boy and Aquaman super girls got one Captain Mark Captain Marvel zone a guy one Damn in there it got She's a him He gives me the creeps. I'll tell you that right now. Hey, I want one to help. Was that talking to was it you? Maybe About the Hollywood squares that I was watching. I think I was talking to you on a phone and Hollywood squares was on game show channel And I hit the jackpot. I think everybody in a panel was dead. Everyone Yeah Vincent price Glenn Ford Charlie we were Paul in There's Watson while Jan Murray's on there in spoils it because we found out he's still alive is 84 But other than that this particular one everybody was dead Except the course for Peter Marshall Of course and and now that I watched that show I was one of those time pieces in other words. It was very good in its time But it it's lost something in translation. Tust a video tape said they're quality is so poor I mean Paul in this still very funny and Charlie we were Zah on while he Cox was on there to he still dead All dead people on there man. It makes you feel great to be alive. Anyway David Cassidy's we get to the musicians now Isn't that Chuck you I would have thought he would have had like a little teeny It says with monster phallic jeans inherited from dead jack Cassidy It was inevitable that Sunday it would be a chip off the old lock Rimes with sock Sean Cassidy of course they're like step or there's an hour later Sean Cassidy was not the he was not a son of a jack I see who was his father was it? Well, let's fight out Alice ran tell wants to know Alice ran tell was obsessed with Sean Cassidy which is pretty embarrassing Sean Cassidy David isn't the only Cassidy boy would lot to crow by now wait when you hear this you're gonna have to hold on tight A reader of an earlier edition of this book claims a good approximation of his size is eight inches in circumference and nine and a half inches in length Eight inches in circumference. I've seen cucumbers that aren't that's okay summer squash Yeah, summer squash. Maybe a watermelon. Okay Jimmy Henry speaking of watermelon Rocks premier psychedelic guitarist was flung like a bull. It says oh it flung Is that's supposed to say flung or I suppose say hung, but it says flung like a bull Scores of groupy spread the word that his unit was damn near as big as his guitar Probably not as big as two corz beers cans welded together though Tom Jones. Yeah, we've heard that. Yes, it all Tommy loyal fans fight for front row tickets to get a glimpse of that legendary bulge and his I can't use that word in his unit pinching tights What is a lenus we can't say Peter No, I'm not in conjunction with that you can say Peter like Peter Leonard or Peter Pumpkin eater Peter. Thank you. Thank you Peter pinching tights. Okay Missillaneous McHell barish the call a thick on of course. You know about those ballet dancers It says a thick nine and half inches of Russian salami claims a former pair of more. That's disgusting Tom Brocott says I estimate his broadcast abilities to be a nine plus Must be how I got to job because he sure so I can't speak Tom Brocott he was on that special event like I told you he still can't speak On your kids out there if you want to be multi-millionaire news people and mired and respected by all Just learn how to talk you like you literate like Barbara Walewa and Tom Brocott Lyndon Baines Johnson horseman might be interested knowing that LBJ may have had the crown champion of presidential Minvers What about the members of the cabinet So there you go there's a very impressive list some of which absolutely are shockers to me Speak in a chin-be shocking this story On before you to the story You know what to let somebody me Yeah, the rookie I use I'm guessing the rookies because yeah, that's right the rookies. Oh, I'll see the rookies was with Michael on keen and so since I mentioned that before and you said Oh, I didn't know and so far as I wouldn't sit there and watch the stars names when I was a little kid Now is the current Williams the third did we decide that was the show he's not a lot Lockheed squads and mots squad. Oh, that's right. We had a link. He was the missing link Criminal charges unlikely in disappearance of Rhea says the Sun Sentinel despite costs for a criminal investigation It's unlikely that anyone from the state to permanent children and families will go to jail as a result of the disappearance of five-year-old Radio Wilson say legal expert to represent children in the state's care and unless Rhea is found alive legal expert say which is highly unlikely There's no standing for child welfare advocates to sue on behalf on her behalf in civil court Where they filed a number of lawsuits in an effort to push DCF to reform the sad fact is that kids don't vote So they have no political clown Tallahassee said theater or Babbit one of the lawyers whose file such lawsuits against DCF. I wonder if he's can do a bellybabbit Remember Billing them whatever's name on it in response allegations that a DCF case worker falsified records that she was properly monitoring Will use care while the child may already been missing for months Legislators on Tuesday debated a law that would stiffen criminal penalties for such offenses But even if the law is passed it cannot retroactively apply to this case Case worker Debra Muskelli is accused of lying on forms telling a judge that she was performing the mandated visits to check on a Well for of the child who've been taken from her drug addict mother in place in grandma's care Like George city yesterday nobody cares because it's just another crack baby tragic Law enforcement officers investigating Ridious disappearance could try to prosecute misguide for falsifying public documents and purgery So Christina is a weasel a child rights lawyer with children first project at Nova South, Eastern University prosecuted Why something in the year now? Must be filtering up from down there must be that corporate crap that they pour through the vents Prosecutors may even try to bring those same charges against DCF workers assigned a supervised miskeletting and purify her reports Depending upon their job requirements, so we just said that a conviction on these charges is unlikely to murder a jail sentence He said which is why historically the state tends not to waste it resources for executing such cases God, I'm gagging on it You know how to play just in honor because you don't like him I'm not just psychopant likes him just kind of guy No, no, this was project call us about You don't even know who that led is you even know who called telly savallas was do you obey yeah you Of course I do this sounds Nick right? Yeah, what team is he play for he doesn't play sports. Oh, how do you know that? I think he dated a toy spelling though. Telly savallas and airspon who the best best of buddies No kidding. That's probably why got that show. It was a good show and spider-wet George says And you know who you know who is on that show? I give up the guy from Matt's landing Which I can't think of what his name was that played what's your name says been Michelle Lee Michael on King No, not Michael on King get on series on that Yeah, don't nuts British government bats with option rights for gay and unmarried couples is the interesting other rest of the world is just kind of passing the US by On all these things on the pot laws everything Unmarried couples including same sex partners should be allowed to adopt children together Prime Minister Tony Blair's government said yesterday Tony Blair Helped secretary Alan and Milbur and said the government would support a many good adoption building out working its way through parliament to Extended option rights one married couples included those who are gay He said officials would allow legislators a free vote meaning the government will not pressure lawmakers from its labor party to vote one way or the other Gay another unmarried people are already allowed to adopt and they're all their own in Britain ready for that Unlike in Florida The new proposal would allow them to have custody of adopted children jointly The governments of justice to increase the number of children had the opportunity through adoption to grow up as part of a loving Stable and permanent family Milbur and said courts in adoption agencies would still be responsible for reviewing individual cases Determined whether potential adopted parents are suitable yet, and those helping to adopt those still have to demonstrate They can provide a loving environment but also for may long term stable relationship You remember this part of the adoption children bill works the Department of Health said would also speed adoptions and give it up to children greater access to information about their biological parents Not even like that, but the brits We're also talking oh and also that thing in Canada remember I mentioned on Monday What thing that they were discussing about the decriminalization of pot? Yes, that thing well the first hearing on that came on very Positive good How do you like the maples I like it a lot in fact is and I'm the you mentioned that of course if I smoked that crap Which naturally I don't but if I did I could be sitting right here on the air and you could be playing at long in the background just like I could be doing for Mams to them when I stopped broadcast from there this summer And Then would that be the cats me? Oh, what that be bad that would be really bad But I think what's really good is this show according to Tom Lehman a Tom Lehman knows he knows good radio He and believe me I've heard what he said about that. Well, I don't know what he thinks about the new morning show I'm probably the less said the better time. Don't say nothing Everybody's a little uptight now like Stevie Wonder give us a little time. We'll get our ass together Anyway, Tom Lehman loves all you people because you've got good taste to listen to this program That's why he's created the Neil deal of Hallith say big dollars in all party x and gm season stock Just mention you heard this commercial here on the world famous Neil Rogers show Stop by Hallith Pontiac GM c134 on South Texas highway on US one across from the falls where every single vehicle on a lot of smart With what is usually lowest price, but if you mention my name the Neil Rogers deal You'll save even more check out the complete line of GM CS UVs included the envoy voted by motor trend Is this you leave the year plus why you had Hallith be sure and take a peek at the all new vibe SUV that's got the power of a sports car Hallith's also got a great selection of pre-owned cars trucks and sport utility vehicles and if you've been earned turn down for credit someplace else Maybe because you work in this business no problem. They'll cut your deal and Hallith Pontiac So get you a Neil Rogers deal with Hallith Pontiac GM c134 on South, Dixie highway on US one across from the falls open every day of your life seven days a week For more info call 305 238 4040 305 238 4040 no forget their slogan how at Pontiac GM c we do Hey, this Steve Goldstein, but you can call me Gelsie whenever I'm in town. I listen to may have been an I am in town It's the 12th of hour Hey, Rod says he thinks he's great 43 grand every trip to place He's got 10 years and a quarter billion bucks for a game That's crazy Half a mill to play each game You gotta think the owners and say he has to pay every time that everyone's with all the ground That's crazy He still gets paid if he makes out and all the fast will scream and shout But what does he care? He still gets his cash if he hits or he sits or he walks or he walks when he finds Oh, baby what he makes he makes it's crazy because he's got a bigger contract now than can we see The biggest one in history Yeah, that he buys they think there's no way they'll lose He's got to know what the biggest sin That even when they ride there's no way the righteous will win And they're continuing losing their ass, which I always every time I see the Texas Rangers lose the game I go just like that is with the way I said Makes me very pleased he's having a good year, but their team sucks in their last place again That's where they're gonna finish nice going air excellent as baseball is on a way to a bid its final bye-bye Here's the fact from Kathy who says and take you around our Kathy this was at least a response to something I asked yesterday In case someone didn't tell you yesterday and they did not rocket man from the chapter plays That's what she said not hasn't plays the chapter plays What a stupid expression Kathy and there's nothing worse than being stupid in that movie But anyway Rocket man from the chapter plays his Kathy bates called him was command O'Cody and radar men from the moon that is correct And a later serial that was edited down in a movie called Satan satellites that featured Leonard Nimbo and a small role as an alien henchman Would you like to be an alien henchman? Sure, that sounds like a good job. It was kind of remade as the rocket tear around 1998 But the graphic novel was better and then came the rock group commander Coder in the Coding and the last The lost planet airman, you know what their big hit the medley of their hit was don't you? I'm trying to think of it right now How rod Lincoln? Yep Sounds like it to me I'll be the drinking and And now Kathy says can we talk about Mary's are they painted horse again? No, no I share from your Kathy thanks for some info First we had the prom story says this faction and now this one Speaking of dark folks who are treated like crap in the US of Awe which have always said but nevertheless There are those people who want to take my words and twist them all around and get all been out of shape Detroit A new program seeks to win with the Reverend Martin Luther Cune Jr. once called the most segregated hour in America send a morning church services The program led farming in Hills Resonance Leon Jefferson a relation to George 56 and Claude Christians in 45 Alive in the same open county subdivision to attend services together last month They participated in a program sponsored by different people common ground of the national conference for community injustice Through the program parishners have predominantly white and predominantly black churches visiting each other and talk about what they share and where they differ The group has conducted 20 seminars across the nation since 1996 Jefferson and Christian said they team from visiting each other's churches We're more alike than we are different different different until the Detroit news for a story today Christians in a green my daughters just don't have white friends. He said they have a mix of friends and they don't have a single thought I'm letting farming in brands and they don't have a single thought about their differences The program encourages them what does that say my daughters don't just have white friends I see The program encourages open mind in this at Linda West associate directive national conference for community Justices Detroit office a purpose of the program is to break the barriers that keep people apart She said what said the visits are only the beginning of racial understanding it's only the beginning We feel that if we can get faith groups and get to make these kind of connections across racial lines And it'd be a big step she said segregation continues to play the Detroit area Only 6% of residents live in neighborhoods that resemble the racial makeup of the community as a whole Let's spell hawelie and believe me it is Race also continues play a major role in where people choose to worship sit Robin Boyle a professor of urban planning at Wayne State University White communities stay white and black communities stay black said Boyle who studied Detroit's predominantly black Catholic Community in the early 1990s in many aspects of the black community. There's a church affiliation Which is traditionally historically and culturally black The worship program sponsored earth sponsored by the three three-hour sessions in April. We're held at Hope United Methodist in Southfield and Nardin Park Methodist in Farmington She I used 11 Southfield. I remember that church. I never got there During these sessions the stereotypes go right out the window said 10 armoured and a facilitator of the discussions Participants examined how their lives were similarly shaped by issues such as education Economics and family values The Reverend Troy Benton an associate pastor at Hope United said Racially enlightened churches conservative as a model for the city in state as a place to build bridges and move gaps The church should be on the cutting edge of racial relations in the world they said if we don't do it who will who be doing it? Now you think that if they have all of these church things at white folks are gonna want to live like in the black neighborhoods in vice versa Release the first part. No No, no and if you've ever been in Detroit You might understand why I don't think you'd probably want to live on 12th street in Detroit. I could be wrong Or in Palmer Woods or Palmer Park rather places that used to be just beautiful but nevertheless don't talk about that because that would be bad Speaking of that since we're on the topic in since it seems to be and just a driving overwhelming topic on his radio stations for the last many many days St. Louis Mall protested as racist Gwendel and cog shell thought she was dressed just right and At the St. Louis Rams rally last followed a popular shopping mall in St. Louis the 45 year old post the worker wore a team jersey with a matching blue scarf to hold back her hair But soon after entering St. Louis Union station cog shell found herself handcuffed forced up against the wall and eventually forcibly removed you recall yesterday The reason she refused to take off the scarf and violation of a mall prohibition on certain types of clothing it was humiliating she be saying The shopping mall is under fire from protesters who claim the mall's dress rules are racist and named squarely it blacks The mall's coat of conduct prohibits gang related paraphernal including bandanas do rags and hats tilted to the side Okay, are you envisioning that The mall's coat of conduct prohibits gang related paraphernalia including bandanas do rags and hats tilted to the side do do do The policy also bands flashing gang signs and ruled up sleeves or pant legs. That's ride rather the line ruled up sleeves or pant legs. What kind of crap is that? They're people are they're like punks that were rolled up uh pant legs probably all gang members About 200 people rallyed outside and briefly marched to a union station yesterday to rev an al sharpdance national action Network is warm blacks to stay away from that mall Why knew he wouldn't be far away from this either him or Jesse Years ago this station had a sign outside that said whites only San Luis radio personality Liz Brown said they took down a sign but they continued the policy Mollocchist was declined to comment beyond a statement issued Monday which outlined their coat of conduct That was upgraded about two years ago because of increasing crime Since the new policy went into effect retail sales and straw dependency of risen the statement red Other malls have similar codes of conduct including many and they soon lose same with the serial I wonder if we have a codes of dress in south Florida malls I don't know so I wonder if you can wear your bandana your do rag or wear your hat till the top of the side give it a shot folks Give it a shot today. Let me know what happens to you Call George Hillbade out Union station for years was the city's grand pass your train depot train service ceased in 1978 for the station we opened seven years later Housing a hotel and an eclectic mix of shops and restaurants it draws about six million visitors and you're making one of the regions biggest tourist attractions connect the saw grass On Tuesday assignment union stations courtesy desk noted the clothing provision of the code conduct was being waved until five p.m. that they because of the rally As a result protest is many done in banned the peril We're free to walk about the shoppingers now we don't our band a peril. Remember that song which band The boys in Police and Mall Security stood nearby but did not intervene no rest were made the Reverend horse shipfield Public end of Gary wouldn't surprise me the Reverend horse shipfield the turn of Detroit one day rally organizers pled some even bigger rally On May 20th that's the day they've targeted unless the mall changes its policy inside the mall cliffs so enter 20 of St. Louis were a tilted backward cardinal is cap as he shop with his girlfriend and baby daughter he wasn't part of the protest He said he didn't notice a nearby sign outlined in the code of conduct it doesn't bother me. He said and I won't change how do you like that Stick it stuff it he wore his tilted backward cardinal cap and what's wrong with that Talk about getting just a little bit too carried away Got where your hat on straight I wonder if Al Pacino walked in or would like what kind of hats were those that they weren't a movie Which movie in the garden from the guy father fedora is mostly yeah I wonder if you walked in with his fedora like a little off to the side if they'd make him an offer He didn't they he couldn't refuse no Thanks, okay Now if Rosie Greer walked in there with the same thing or they do rag I think then they probably give him some crap do I feel like it's realized how big he wasn't then they kind of like back off What what are you laughing about don't you wear your do rag to work? I drive my do rag to work and I hear by the way that you got to hey if you're gonna play do up you gotta be wearing a do rag Oh look at that the market is like one point away from being up 300 oh That went anyway Didn't I tell you just hang in there it always comes back. Did I tell you that in the show? I always tell you just stay calm like me don't get panicky just because you down a few hundred grand 10 house magazine apologizes. Well, what a surprise that is look at to that and some of these other themes You're not playing enough of these no, you're not Didn't watch this show. Sorry. Didn't watch this show didn't watch cheers Didn't watch taxi in watch mash Other big shows that we haven't watched because we don't give a crap we're not impressed Yeah, let's get to it see this is okay, but it's like it's like slow getting going here This thing never gets going This is it Take it's those up a notch, but not talk Like I said I wonder why didn't want that show sucked 1213 at 560 WM final reminder Sunday's mother's day this year more than ever It's a good idea to show mom your really loving a preshator and we'll do that a center something different something really neat Something interesting besides boring flowers Send her over Montetibre your mom your wife grandma can receive a beautiful bear maiden for Monteliver with the free carton candy and a fun gift box Just call a bear counselor at 1-800-829 bear the hope you take a rare just for her So she'll know you put some real thought into with this year ask about the new spa mob bear or they Mama's boy with a heart shaped head too and don't forget all you dad's out there's always your job to get mama get from the kids The mother and cups that is a perfect idea. You can add as many cups as needed and each of their names will be right on the little outfits It's a lot more personal than those awful flowers. I mean flowers are pretty and then they die in a few hours and what do you got left? So call 1-800-829 bear or shop online at Vermontedibare.com and it takes five minutes to order at most you can even send her bear to the office if you like give her a gift This mother's day Sunday. She'll remember forever from the Vermontedibre company Be sure and tell them that old meal toward you to call this toll free number 1-800-829 bear 1-800-822 according to Lisa University and now the sound of pamalelly breastfeeding on the set of day watch the hour The 2018 is 56. That was a real reason I played that there. This is calm down. Iq helped by breastfeeding study says. You ready for that? I knew that already. Breastfed babies may grow up to be smarter adults according to research that bolsters the evidence-looking nursing and intelligence. Most previous studies did not measure breastfeeding's effects and Iq into adulthood, and the few that did so ignored factors such as parents education and social status said the researchers the tips that variables in Wakand. In their study of over 30-200 Danish men and women, the more babies were breastfed through nine months of, let me say it again. The more babies were breastfed through nine months of age, very poorly written. The higher they scored on intelligence test in early teens and 20s, breastfeeding past nine months had no additional effect on scores. Few participants had been bottle fed exclusively though about a thousand and nurse for less than a month. The link can probably be explained by the effect of nutrients and mothers milk on the developing brain and benefits on the close physical and psychological relationship breastfeeding involves researchers be saying. Mothers who take time to breastfeed may spend more time interacting with their youngsters throughout childhood, which could also affect intelligence researchers said. In the study, mothers have been questioned about their breastfeeding practices when their youngsters were year old. Those who have been breastfed for seven to nine months scored an average of about six points higher on IQ test than those who mother said they knew it for less than a month. Study appears today's journal of the American Medical Association. It was financed in progress from some of the NIH. I didn't work long time ago just keep at it. Okay, just keep trying maybe it'll help. Oh yeah, that's right. I started this penthouse magazine to apologize to which comes as no surprise to us. penthouse magazine to apologize yesterday for misidentifying tapas pictures of daughter and law fashion designer Luciano Benetton. Can I go to get that right or what? Eventually. I said it right Benetton as those of tennis player and Aquinojolla. We deeply regret this unintentionally. We're not for heartfelt apologies to both women and magazine send this statement. Penhouse said it'd examine the purported images of Quina Cova, a pain in painstaking detail and received assurances from the photographer before to deciding they were genuine. In over 30 years of publishing this magazine we've never made an error of anything approaching this magnitude the magazine said. Do we believe him? No. They're desperate. The statement was released today after Judas sold his Benetton suit penthouse seeking a minimum of $10 million in damages. A returning judge bursting claimed the magazine knew about the mistake weeks ago but published the photos anyway. The apology is a month late and $10 million short bursting said. And response to the suit, U.S. District Judge Denny Chin, or to the magazine to temporarily stop distributing the donation new stands and blocked it from putting up pictures on a website. Chin rule, sold as Benetton 28 would suffer irrepably if Penhouse said the pictures be on its current distribution of 1.2 million homes in new stands. Corner hole you 20 had denied the photographs were heard and guess what? They're not. For turnity suspended over pig, I told you we get to this. Winston say I'm North Carolina. Wake 4th University has suspended recognition of a fraternity accused of mistreating a pig that its members brought to a party. The school said Tuesday had suspended recognition of the Sigma 5F for 3 years. I didn't know Josh was in North Carolina. Authorities charged 23 members of the fraternity with animal cruelty after the drunk. Oh that's right. This was the drunk pig. The one they got drunk. Authorities charged 23 members of the fraternity with animal cruelty after the drunk dehydrated and severely sunburned pig was found last month and then a park where the fraternity had a party. He said column one of party started. The National fraternity had already suspended the Wake 4th chapter last month. If the students are found guilty, the University also will discipline them. The fraternity had a hearing last week before a dean and panel of faculty students and staff during this suspension. The fraternity will forfeit its residents all lounge and members may meet only for the purposes of rehabilitation committee service and education we force it and maybe a few beers. I'd like that. I say fraternity should all be shut down right now. Can you imagine how many lives we'd say? Right. Absolutely correct. Shut up all down right now all this horse crab. And although vaguely it would be avoided. That's right. And all the kids that wouldn't be dying from all those drinking contests and all the hazing another crab. I bet you haven't heard of most of these on this this. This is a book of Brian Special. There you go, Ashah boy. On your money to pay. Ever hear Ashah boy? No. I've seen clips of the thing. She learned something already. There's an afterboy theme. How about Roger Ramjet? Roger Ramjet and his ego fighting for our breed. And he's beautiful. I think he's great. I need to copy of that. How about the mighty Hercules? Hercules. Here of Sal and Story. Hercules. When are they? How about the gumby show everybody love gumby? I don't remember that though. Good. Mommy. He was my little green slab of bread. Honey, the two should see what we can do today. Now a lot of these on here. I never heard of it since you're such an official out of cartoons with little kids in all that. The Bini and Seasle show? Never heard of it. It's the Bini and Seasle show. Alright. Come go save the way to Bungina. Sure. I think we have waited long enough. How about Tennessee, Tuxedo? Oh yeah. You know that? Of course. Tennessee, Tuxedo, C-C-C, Tennessee, Tuxedo. Oh, I'm really quick drama. Quick drama, Gra. Yep. Yeah. We have the I-O-K-A, and we have the big holes away. If it comes big, Gra'll the Gra! What will he get her? Yeah. Sure. I've ordered a few that I might have. I don't know. What a good one. What a good one. See? Twinkin'. Twinkin'. What is the greatest part to later when he really starts to rump? What? There's a never been a greater operator as a spot. See a greater. How about King Leonardo and his short subjects? What? Here comes the Anado, Leonardo Lyon. Think of Bungo Cago, a hero line of iron. Where Leonardo travels is subjects all go to. There's audio, Colony. Whose loyal and true blue. Well, good for him. How about the big world of Lil' Adam? Never heard of it. Me neither. Big world, little I. Big world, little I. Big world, little I. Big world, little I. Never heard of it. Here's one of my all-time favorites to show you how old I am. Big world, little I. You know what? I thought that one. I told you, I love that one. You all this super-tune. I love that one. I got for small favorites. Here we are. That would you look in. Oh yes, my gum. And yes, not all-ey. Who put ran? A fear-old all-ey. Here we are again. Here we are again. Here we are again. Here we are again. Well, you put a lot of work in your writing, didn't it? Here you are. Hey, you put the octagon on your chest. Oh, yeah. Just because he's a fan. Oh, no, I love that. Perfectly for it, Ali. And of course, Buel of the Witch did make it on there, but she was great too. That's before your time. You never saw no coupe of Fran or Ali. No. Ali, you're right now with Ali with his one tooth. You would know from Greg Reed. Prop 26 at 560 WQM man. I'll tell you. I still looking for that article. I'm pretty sure I threw it out. I can download it again if you want to hear it tomorrow. I don't think you do. But how it's going to be so hot that you're going to be able to fry eggs on the side wall? We'll know. Yeah, you'll know. That's right. Because you're there feeling, I'm not, which I'm sorry. Maybe maybe 60 that I doubt about 58. Something like that, a little murky, but it's a very pleasant fact. I got the window open. Anyway, if you're going to be switching your brains out all summer long, which haven't only you are, why not check out OlioMight. It's one product that will make you feel your best to keep you in good health. Even in sultery, in several south-photo, especially during the summertime. OlioMight is a soft gel capsule that contains pharmaceutical grade olive oil along with vitamins and minerals and herbs. By promoting health for your prostate, for your heart, for your blood pressure, for your cholesterol. OlioMight's also got supplements to grow and healthy all different parts of your body. In your circulatory system, you're digestive endocrine systems, in your skin and bones, even in your mind, such as it is, all usually the benefits of the best olive oil I'd money can buy. And this is the easiest way to get olive oil in your system too. You just pop the soft gel capsule right in your purse. And OlioMight's got products for men and also a separate line for you women as well. It's available at Walgreens stores all over town at Whole Food Markets at tomorrow pharmacy and sedados, where they actually speak of the language. OlioMight's a phenomenal new product that everybody's excited about, even a Harold had a piece about it. And to actually above menace, which is unusual for them, call them at their toll free number, 1-866 OlioMight will be head and answer all your questions about how their products work and what they're all about. 1-866 OLEOMED, or, according to their products, run off the internet their website is. TVReadyO.com. Hey, Googleberg! We date at 3-9-Squitch-Rideal-560, UAN! Here is his word, not as pedophile. Oh! The streets are reals, and they're going around. A second release start during something weird. The turbo didn't get in the by itself, and shut up that bad habit of order, so... Richard Giorg! Ever wrote into me, this a way from my quick and quick. When you love like you still get slowly to stop, just head down to the pet shop for another, come on and do the Richard Giorg! Richard Giorg! Richard Giorg! Welcome! Richard Giorg! Richard Giorg! Richard Giorg! Everyone knows the American Javalao, and the American Javalao! Richard Giorg! He's now playing that alleged gear stalker held for tests. A 51-year-old woman who's allegedly been following Richard Giorg all over the world has been charged with stalking the 52-year-old actor, in order to undergo a psychiatric evaluation near his daily news reports. Ursula Reichard Habashaw was doing a Manhattan court today, and is being held for his amination, as in maybe she's a little... According to court papers, Reichard Habashaw was caught April 30, when she dropped in on Giorg's Greenwich Village office for the sixth time, called Giorg on a phone about a hundred times since February the first, and left a series of messages on his voice mail during that period. Among the communications she left Giorg's assistant told police, I want to be with you and share your life. I need to see you. Death seems to be the best I can take a pistol and kill myself, she said. While why I give it a shot, Giorg meanwhile said he has never met this woman, a police station has been following him for some time, even going to India when he was visiting the Dalai Lama. What that was he going to see him for? Probably to replenish his supply of small farmlands. Who's a Buddhist? To you know. For Richard Giorg is a Buddhist? Yes. I wonder if he's at the Golden Buddha? Or maybe he likes to rub it on its head, the Buddha? That's big under that. British Queen greeted by a stranger. I can't believe he didn't see the clump of the sun. But they're big into the streakers over there in England. I'll say that for him. Because they're silly. They're silly. I think they're old. They're old children. They're going through a second adolescent. Every event should have a streaker or a second. In fact, you know, said he most of them never got through the first adolescents. Anyway, London. One of Queen Elizabeth, the truth subjects, greeted her in the New Diest today, streaking past the world card during the Monarch's Golden Jubilee tour. The young man beared all the Queen and her husband Prince Philip. As they drove through the Northern England town of New Castle, in their roles' rice. The streaker appeared to post her photographs before he was pound-stombed by at least four police officers who forced him to lie face down and a ground before covering him in coats. Northumbria Police later said the 27-year-old streaker whom they identified only as an area resident had been arrested for allegedly outraging public decency. The Queen, who's on a 15-week old and Jubilee tour, ridden marker 50 years on the throne, was on a way to unveil a statue of late Cardinal Basil Hume a native of New Castle when they streaker struck to the sting. Cluster pan. Show it is. Let's go to the universe. I said, oh, this one. Nope. Suppy sales show. Huh? Yeah, you gotta get Boca to make you copy this one. It's one of his old E-moldy. That's the mid-day win. I come in here for 50 minutes, and I'm just at a very few hundred herdable. That's a marveling marvel, something we've learned in our career. I like this. Welcome back. Captain Marvel's ordered out three boats. That's the other side of the American. If you ask me, Captain Marvel's only got three, and still know votes for her super boy or at the moon. Let's be known now. Let me give you a hint. The Levine. Casey Casey. No, I'll load the Thomas. She's Lebanese. Well, Danny Thomas was a Nick Room for Daddy. That was the show. And since he's her, he was her, who's your daddy? I see. I would assume. I didn't know that was the time. We have a comedy, but with that same name. Father knows best. Oh, never saw that show. Robert Young. What did you do to me? I think you'd be a James Wyman. Father knows best. Robert Young and the could have been James Wyman. Who of course was once upon a time, Mary D'Aranie, but he forgot about it. My little bargey would jail stormy would know that. But here's one you asked me in the beginning of the show. I couldn't believe you didn't know. I still don't know even after you told me this morning. Oh, Ricky, David, come on in. I'll see you later. I'll see you later. There you go. They all sound the same, I think. Where's Wyman the Beaver? Why? Leave it to Beaver. I'm not so pedestrian. I mean, we got that, but that's a pet. Why don't we get to it? Just to pacify you. Okay, Mr. Hacha. Leave it in Beaver. We got that. And 20 down. What'd you say you loved Tony down? 20. What does that mean? I didn't say I loved 20 down. Psycho, psychopath is got an announcement. Ladies and gentlemen, say very important moment in history of this program in this radio station. You loved Tony down? I'd be like a son and I said also in 20 down. That's even worse. Leave it to Beaver. Starting Vodka Billings late. You'll ball-munch. 20 down. And Gary matters as the Beaver. There you go. Why would you psychopath just squeezing himself not here in that? He was in a Tony down. He liked those real thin black belts that Tony used to wear. That was the ins thing in the 50s. I had one. Of course you haven't heard that a few times. I thought that was supposed to Tony down as I was. I looked just like a woman from the edge of the belt to the bottom of it. What about lumpy brotherford? What about him? You're big of that, aren't you? I used to watch it all out of the kid. That's one of the great things though now about all the punks out there is that even even all these shows go back to almost 50 years and some of them more on this one disc. You can still be like an official auto because we got all of these channels. Here we got like all kinds of nostalgia channels. And you got a couple of them there like Nickelodeon for example, TV land. Which is a dollar in the family by the way. I'm still pissed off with them about that. They censored what? Archie. When he said God damn, they bleeped the God damn. I hate when they do that God damn stuff. What those wrong with that? That's it. The other hero low-conters turning over in his way. And let me say it again. Okay, and I can't say this and I don't have said it many many times. The fact that Karol O'Connor died in like it was like it was not a big deal. Like bothers me a lot. Doesn't that bother you? Yeah, it does. He wasn't just another actor or another celebrity. He was like part of our lives. He was like part of Americana Archie bunker. I mean, Kirl O'Connor. God, just like those little burgers boosts when joy up north of Wieckas, they were part of Americana. They were part of the pasting scene. And you can still get them now. I'd little O'Connor's crazy guns doing it up there in dear field. Dripping gallons of sweat, especially these days, right out of the grill to make sure those burgers are as greasy and delicious and take-ties always. That's right. They got those great grill onions, pickles, ketchup, mustard cheese if you like. And they serve mine gorgeous, steaming hot little buns. The loco boosts also serves Koni Island Thick-cut french fries. It's about hot dogs with all kinds of good, goopy stuff on them. Great chicken fingers, wings and chicken sandwiches too. And of course you can go a dive into a tasty fried fish sandwich with Underring's in the soda and you're out unless they're across the feed of family of 20 and some third world country like Tibet. They don't call it Tibet anymore. What are they calling? I didn't get the memo. The loco boosts you didn't wrap through or down out of the stars on a patio wide you there watch the help stare those trains going around and run. So a unique place you won't find any other place like this anywhere in the universe. Lil O'Kibu serving lunch and dinner every day, seven days a week Friday and Saturday openville 10. You'll find them on Power Line Road just south of the Hillsborough Boulevard in Dearfield. And when you talk to Crazy John, tell him, talk to Pete Lennie and have a lose my number. I don't care what mommy says about the meat guys. Some marlins and podries tonight to grow. I've covered 3630 on Sports Radio 560 QAM. What's this obsession with hokey? Hey man. Hey who's this? It's Jeff. Hey I was in your restaurant and it smelled like up dog. What is up dog? I don't know what's up G. Yo-yo-yo. Get it? No. Okay. What were you speaking once like to play the catering order? Hey Richard. Yeah. I was in your restaurant my wife and I and she was commenting as I was that it smelled like up dog. Like what? Up dog. What is up dog? No. What's up with you G? Get it? Ha-ha-ha-ha. What are you talking about? Yeah hi. I was in your place and it smelled like up dog. What's up dog? No. What's up with you, G? There was up dog. There was up dog. There was up dog. I'm busy. It's a 1245, it's a 22 W. Hey guess what? Yes Spider-Man's moving to head of Batman in a second place which frost my ass. I don't really care. This is one of those that I'm like all that exists in the restaurant. I'm not sure if you can find it. I'm not sure if you can find it. I'm not sure if you can find it. I'm not sure if you can find it. Okay. Get it? Ha-ha-ha. Yeah, hey how are you? I was in your place and it smelled like up dog. What is up dog? I don't know what's up with you, G. Get it? Ha-ha-ha. This isn't one of those that I'm like all that excited about. Who wins one with the other? It's just for fun. I noticed we don't have the usual tremendous response on his survey. And you want to know why? Why? Because a lot of this stuff is like, oh, you know. Like a lot of these themes I'm playing like. Right? Theme from Hazel. That was a terrible show. You know who's on Hazel? The guy that used to play speaking about as you hear me had done. What the hell was his name? He used to play the neighbor. You've seen that as you hear. Don't worry. Don't worry. Don't worry. Who don't share it, yeah? Don't worry. Was in my three sons. He wasn't on that show. No, I'm not really done. I could think of Don't. Oh, God. I'm not even more on two, but of course he's old and not looking to good the other. Don't worry. You're going to don't share it by the way since we got a hockey guy there. A cycle pet. I'm going to tell you right now. I'm not that I want to go out and limit any predictions. Whoever wins tonight's game between Leafs and the senators in Ottawa. Whoever wins again tonight will win the series. You're going out on a limb on that. What does that mean? You don't think the list going for a three straight? If they're going out three one? Let me say it again. Which word did you understand? Whoever wins this game wins the series. Okay. That wants to bet you. Okay. How much you want to bet? I don't bet. Me either. I don't bet on sporting events. I don't bet. Lesson with the track or maybe. No, I don't want to. I bet you will bring your food when I come back down in June. We'll get you some food. We'll put a sack of food out there for you on the side of the building. Anyway, you mark my words. Whoever wins the game tonight between the senator then they make believe they'll win the series. That's just the way it is. I mean, you know. And as far as your question, I'd least going to win three and a half. They lose tonight. No, no chance. Good. Now we're going to hell was I always doing the survey about Superman's got seventy six. Spider-Man fifty Batman 49 and a way down one Roman 16. A Hulk would 12. They're crazy. We'd rather you see it all the stuff is very ancient. Right. So for our youthful audience, all 10 of them. Here's the facts that all over the place good stuff. It says Wayne Chandler also was in a bad car wreck. He still lives. I think we've been through this, but I can't keep my Wayne's straight. He still limps after his accident channel seven would not put him back on the air. The new blood and guts format was the real reason. Wayne is a really good guy. Well, I'm glad to know he still live Wayne Chandler. We enjoyed your Wayne and George grew up with you right on. And told me to robot. And what about the skip or up Chuck? I like him too. I like that show. Much more than Captain Kangaroo or Mr. Rogers or any of that other crap. Well, I was in here. It was live. Look at that. Watching the leaves. Just got the leaf. Teaby. Your game. Your team. Your channel. Oh, my God. You got a leaf, Teaby. Is that something you don't have down there? I'm sure George is upset about that. PS movie lines. It's in the hole. Caddy shack. It's in the hole. Okay. Well, I'm just reading it. I never kidding. It was funny. It was nothing that he's in. It's going to be very funny. Chevy Chase. It was amusing. But it's not one of those lines that I remember like for all time. Armist looks. What the was your name? Armist looks. Got me. Never heard of him. He heard me. You never heard of Armist. No. Oh, now you've got to know this one. This one is touching. Because I've played it this morning for you. Last season. Come on, girl. Come on, girl. Come on, girl. Come on, girl. Come on, girl. Come on, girl. Come on, girl. You haven't passed up that. We now did it. Same time. And some of this stuff on here is so old. I mean, ancient, it makes me feel like just like an old old. Like, I ought to be at cemetery village. We're in a bad hairpiece or something. Rich and cheap, but in stars and heaven. Rich and cheap, but in stars and heaven. Rich and cheap, but in stars and heaven. Dr. Kilder, you know that. No. Oh, here's a good one. I'll show that you've never seen him. Oh, I spy. Oh, I'm right. Whenever the laws of any state are broken, a duly authorized organization swings into action. And maybe all the state police, state troopers, militia, the Rangers, or the highway patrangers. These are the stories of the men who's training, skill, and courage. Have enforced and preserved our state law. You'll be chronished anyone. Don't let him come back and respond. Any should-live, actually. Joking and pretty good theme. Without the narration would be better. Anyway, that's how the quadruiper, if a droper can use a brawner corporate change asking you to try harmful tools, and 30% of your life. A typicalarena, just like anybody in your years time to talk about Chuck Alphiari. I'm telling you I'm my psychic I should be vetting psycho-past. I should be vetting on everything inside. Although my little look at you know in horse there in the durby came what is it came home? came again. Came home came in six because of the fact he was just four wide to hold my own and a quarter. But he'll be he's not going to be running a pregnant Sylvie back just like Arnold he'll be back. Hey if you're looking at a mirror wonder if your hair's going to be back the answer is no not by itself I think coming back. You can pop all kinds of pills you can have holes build in your head you can have a dead musk rat placed on here and people laughed their ass off. I mean look at Bob Eisenberg for example. Everybody looks at Bob they say oh my god I mean they just and then as soon as he walks out of the room they just slap themselves on the thigh and laugh until they're silly. Charles Alphiari would like to have you looking great people be impressed at how good you look and how much better and younger you look than you have in years because his natural hairline system is the best in the business at any price and don't forget speaking of price when you call trial you stop your appointment be sure and tell me that Neil Rogers told you to call because I took a box off all the regular price of the natural hairline system. It's affordable it looks great it'll make you look better than like I said that he have in years and what's to lose except the big ugly rotates balls spot call today you might even get late this weekend call 1 800 3 to 1 24 13 that's 1 800 3 to 1 24 13 or log out of their website for more info at WWW what is it again WWWWWWW why do we even say that you know we don't need to anymore. I know I want to cross that out okay because first of all it's not easy to say all the way on like guys who say W, but nevertheless I don't think this book up Charles Alfie. When they were slaves, when I only have a mobile home, a pitfall in a pinch of school. So if you want to ask the how here's what I gotta say, you've got to get a snigger good mom. And tell them that you're sorry for its labor among. Yes, and nigger good mom, and I want to give you a kiss. That's where everybody knew it's dead at home. If I was born a day, people too. Old and sleigh, think something I do. But what were that people did to you? I have to take the plane. Would you see it all four and old none yet? No. With the cana spally cherry in fact, it's hit a 40 acres and a view. I have a better way. You've got to. Yes, and nigger good mom. Okay. When put on Halle Paris, Morgan Raymond to. Yes, and nigger good mom. And that's your best intuition for its labor. Yes, and nigger good mom. And tell them that you're sorry for its labor among. Yes, and nigger good mom. And that's where everybody knew it's dead at home. I'm waiting for the green of the show to play that today because I didn't want to play it too close to like the morning show since the very sensitive and uptight. And have lost any semblance of a sense of humor. If you notice that, I left that right toward the end of the show today. So I'm happy to have more. Controutimes about that stuff, you know, about being accused of this and accused of that, etc. And so on. And anyway, because we're supposed to be having us like, you know, the cold war is over. Whatever it is, we had going on. I was supposed to be having this day time. This peaceful coexistence, etc. And so on. All I will say they're like right before we came on here this morning. I didn't hear anybody mention my name. But that's okay. You know, I have to take things in small baby steps. Anyway, like I said, let's go.