I don't have a clue. No startups hiding. A lot more than guns. They say they're weapons. But master's drugs, sir. I say we say, a couple megatons. Bomb in a ride. In the Gulf War, we made him off the road. I think it's time to give his brother home. So it's time to load those demons up. Bomb in a ride. What? Bomb in a ride. Till there's nothing left to see. Bomb in a ride. Till sadness is defeated. Bomb in a ride. Blow up the creed. I hear rock. And then they come to us. And we'll go to the park. I love him a lot more. If we laugh, we'll be there. We're gonna be with him. We're gonna be with him. I hear rock. And then they come to us. And we'll go to the park. Bomb in a ride. To this portion is gonna speak about Iraq to the U.N. The United States. One of the United States's last week, 9-11, baby. What is the time? I got chained out there rattling the savers and the spears and they can always pronounce it. And now, in fact, I'll get to the second rumsfield hints that they have a new evidence on Iraq. 9-11. Payback is a bitch. It's gonna be the model. In fact, every time we have an operation desert storm, operation miss, we've come up with some cute name for it. Right. This time we're just gonna call it payback is a bitch. I'm just thinking, I can see it now. I can see all the flies waving. Everybody whipped up into a patriotic fervor. Can you see that? I see it right now. Former Columbia Deacon convicted of molesting girl thanks to overfacts disson. A former Deacon at first Baptist Church in Columbia, South Carolina has been convicted of fondling of the 12-year-old girl. A racial and county jury returned to verdict against John Hubner and all six counts of child funneling at 1215 today. How is that possible? All at 1215 this morning? Okay. They were sure, they were sure, Vinnie, working to midnight or what? Were they? Burning it? 1215 this morning following 11 hours of deliberation. Circuit Judge James William and sentence up near 54 West Columbia 36 years in prison. The incident occurred six times in 1996 and 7, mostly at the church. The election in county woman is now 18. She cried and they picked the advocates arms as the verdicts were read. Hubner showed no emotion as the verdicts were read. One of his grown daughters cried and his wife appeared to be praying. How do you like that? I like it. There is a great laugh. I don't want to go in it because I have to lead the whole rest of it to give that point. He wanted to lead the, I'd leave it behind him. He wanted to leave it in his behind. At any rate, girl tend eyes near after collapsing a tackle football practice near Chicago. A 10 year old girl who played on the tackle football team dot after collapsing during practice. Taylor Davidson only grew a lot of team collapsed after non contract reals of Friday and died three days later. The Cook County Medical Examiner's office ruled that her death was caused by Blunt trauma that led to a clot under the surface of her brain. A spokesman for the office said she'd been hitting a full contact practice early in week. Watch a little girl doing playing a tackle football anyway. I don't know. See golf, you just go out there and you whack the ball around. So, I golf, I have no problem with the little girls playing the tackle football. I have a problem with that and so did she obviously but too late now. Two hundred and three votes on a pull. I don't even give them results to later on because he's loading it up again at idiot. You know what I'm talking about? I know. They pull it anchor. He's yankin it fast and furious today. I'm gonna really pass Neil off. I don't care. I don't care. In fact, call off mode tomorrow morning and tell him. Or just see that that baggage pull yesterday. Everybody knows it's a grease with you. We don't want no women in there at Augusta. You see that? Even his own audience don't agree with that crap. And by the way, while we're out of gear and a tiger to we don't want no shfarks, we don't want no tie one ease. We certainly don't want no faggotts in there doing. And Augusta and the South God forbid. What if they're white faggotts? Well, if they're good old boys. Rommisfeld hints at Iraqi new evidence. The Bush administration has secret information supporting its claims that Sodom who's saying poses an unacceptable threat to the world and is close to developing nuclear weapons, Secretary of State Donald Rommisfeld said yesterday. President Bush could disclose the information through upcoming congressional hearings on Iraq. Rommisfeld hinted that a pedagon news conference Democrats on capital Hill urge bush to be more forthcoming. I think most Democrats believe the president's yet to make the case we're taking action in Iraq. Senate majority leader Tom Daxel told reporters, Bush plans to discuss Iraq in a white house meeting day with upper public and democratic leaders from both houses of Congress. Rommisfeld's also scheduled for discuss Iraq and the war on terrorism in separate closed door sessions of members of the House and Senate. Both Rommisfeld and Secretary of State Colin Paul dismissed Iraq's latest offer relayed by Iraqi deputy prime minister Terrick Aziz. Don't you hate him? Yes. The woman at little must that he thought I can't stand that son of a bitch. I think he's related to Greg Reed. That would be a good poll. Who's the bigger liar? Terrick Aziz or Greg Reed? Terrick the disease. I vote for Greg. They dismissed the offer to let UN weapons inspections resume suggesting it was just a play. It's the con that the Iraqi regime and especially Mr. Terrick Aziz has been pulling on the international community for years. Paul said he's been pulling it. Aziz said Iraq was willing to discuss the return of weapons inspectors, but only if sanctions ended and Iraq regained sovereignty over all its territory. It limited no flies on squid back to the 1991 Gulf War and enforced by US and British warplanes. What are offer? It's an offer we can refuse. If you want to find a solution you have to find a solution for all these matters. Not only took up one certain aspect of it, Aziz said the international development conference in Johannes Bruce South Africa, we're ready to find such a solution. And it goes on. Paul said this and Paul said that and they blew the hell out of them and they were carried on like crazy. They carried out like lunatics. All the protesters. And right on the heels of that, of course, this is going to change once they give us all that information. Assuming they either have it or they can make it up. Well, I mean, I don't have to. They're going to have to say something to get public support and support from some of our allies. We sure as hell can't go at alone. I mean, we could, but that would be that would be an active suicide. That would be lunacy. Yeah, we would never do that. Next Wednesday. Okay. Paul support for attacking Iraq's slip distance in Boston, Globe. Americans divided over effect on terrorism risk. Public support for attacking Iraq has dropped over the last month, which lowest level since the war on terrorism begins as a new pool. And the public is divided on a whether or not such an attack would create a greater risk of terrorism. The ABC News poll taken for nightline showed that 56% favor military action against Iraq, down from 69% early in August. And it indicated that about 4 and 10, 39% now support military action against Iraq, even if US allies are opposed, down from 54% last month. The drop in public support comes as the Bush administration's increasing efforts to rally support for action. And as some leaders in both parties have expressed reservations. The poll of 504 adults were taking Thursday, last week, and as an air margin of plus or minus four and a half points, the poll also found that just over half the public 52% of the President pushes handling the situation with the right hand and it's leader president who said, I'm who's saying that's far lower than Bush's overall approval rating, which ranges in the 60s and is handling of the war on terrorism, which has about 70%. 7 in 10 believe the West has headed toward war with Iraq and eight in 10, said, Bush should get authorization from Congress first. People were split on our mother were attacking Iraq were created greater risk of terrorism at 40% or if not attacking Iraq were created greater risk at 47%. When the same question was asked about taking military action against terrorists, people said not taking action was a bigger risk by March in 1973 to 15. No crap. Let me say it again. So far the war on terror, as they say, is I think been pretty weak. When you agree, weak in what has that accomplished? Well, we got rid of the Taliban. We got a new regime in there. We got a new puppet regime in Afghanistan, but that's about it. Okay. And are you aware of the fact that a lot of the women are putting the berkest back on? No, I didn't know that. And that forgot. I've never got a chance to get to that story yesterday, but one of the, one of the hot shots there has been in the new government that we helped to put in there. They have banned a lot of the stuff on a radio. They were playing like real music. And in other words, they're regressing. Right. Of course. They're re-reading back to the ways that they really like in the first place. So, you know, we got the Taliban out of power and we get marks for that. But in terms of finding Osama Yamala, in terms of reading the Sabling Al-Qaeda. In fact, I have a story later about how Al-Qaeda's got just tons of money. It tons of gold in the Sudan. What do I have that? I'll get to it eventually. Or not. Maybe tomorrow. And remember the story of the day? I think it was just yesterday about the fact that they were alive and well. They reorganizing and they're ready to at their leisure. They're ready to do their next crap. They're next active insanity. So, I think, you know, all well and good to wave the flag and rally around, whoever the president may be, it's said I'm in so on. But, you know, it is your later. It's your later. And time is wasting. And those two stories I had about airline security, airport security, pathetic. Magic. Dog and pony show ain't got to cut the mustard. Speaking of flights, flights turn back after fight onboard. The US airways expressed flights turn back to Charlotte on Tuesday because of passenger fall with a flight attendant. The mail passenger was arrested when the plane returned to Charlotte Airport said the name Wilson's spokesman for the Phoenix Base Mesa Air Group which operates the regional jet. Charlotte, Mecklenburg Police did not return call seeking information on the passenger. Flight 5746 was on route to Birmingham, Alabama and the disturbance surf place. A passenger did get violent with the flight attendant Wilson said she said she had no additional details. We're still trying to determine what's that the whole thing up. There must be a later store on this. This is from CNN last night. Right. US scare away spokesman Dave Castellveter said 22 passengers were boarded the 50s e-ringers at the crew of two pilots in one lone flight attendant. Wilson said the mail flight attendant was taking the hospitals per carcin. They really released it with a mail flight attendant. Right. That's not a big enough. I'm from some poor broad. That would be bad. I'm necessarily if you ask our crowd. Yeah. Beat the hell out of her. You know, I mean they're entirely. They don't like women. Yeah. I just relax. I just dropped the spot. Okay. See you. You're trying to get pushy again. I dropped the copy. I had a retrover for the spots around 80 times a day. I really didn't need the copy because it's all your men. You think I need to look at the only men copy? That's that's still old piece of copy that I've had. Do you think anybody knows it's the recount like, Skippy, hey, Skippy, you got a bunch of Brian's old accounts. If you get some copies and Brian didn't do it, Brian was a good guy, but a little bit kind of copy side. Like all the rest of our, so hey, Skippy, get what that you clown. You silly person you. Where did he use to work? I don't know. Publics. Only a minute is a problem. We'll really help your health. That's right. We'll make you feel better. No matter how, how, how human I was sticky. I'll ask you to his outside. If the mosquitoes are as big as bowling balls. If it's pouring cats and dogs makes no difference. You'll feel better because all you might comes in a soft-shell capsule and inside. There's all kinds of good stuff. Pharmaceutical grade olive oil combined with vitamins and minerals and robables. And what they do is they make a separate product of most different aspect of your health. Only a medical product for your prostate. There's one for your heart, your blood pressure, your cholesterol, your circulatory system, your digestive system, your endocrine system, your skin, your bones. There's one even for your mind. All using the benefits of the best olive oil and money combined of course we all know what a great product olive oil is. And, all you might make products for men and you ladies out there as well. All five of you. We don't have any ladies listening. You can see that from our pool, right? Right. What a shame. Only a month is available all over town. Pick some up at Walgreens Whole Food Markets. Of our pharmacy and sonos that taste to penis and exciting a great and effective new product. If you'd like to find out what it does and where you stick it. Call their tool free number. 1-866-Oreoman. That's 1-866-Oreomaner. You can order their products on their website if you prefer at olio-mentamerica.com. I'm not your normal. It's for 20 likes to eat. You way yeah. Me on God. Damn it. What should I start? He's like... Fuck up. What should I start? He's like... Fuck up. What should I start? He's like... Fuck up. What should I start? He's like... What should I start? He's like... I'll change these things like... off the fence, play with me. He bought a set vacation to win and... They were getting too close. Two-net-all-oh headed by the set of Texas ball-up all the two were dead. We're drawing math. What should I start? He's like... Fuck up. What should I start? He's like... Fuck up. What should I start? He's like... Fuck up. What should I start? He's like... If they told him he's just what we're precond. We got three thousand miles away from the empty abenç. That's your brain wash fucking. I'll cut this soap in. You'll put a vacuum up and suck in. What the fuck? What should I start? He's like... Fuck up. Oh. What should I start? He's like... Fuck up. What should I start? He's like... Fuck up. What should I start? He's like... Fuck up. Fuck up. What should I start? He's like... Fuck up. What should I start? Fuck up. Fuck up. What should I start? Fuck up. Fuck up. What should I start? Fuck up. Fuck up. Fuck up. Fuck up. Fuck up. I'm gonna be 18 at five, 60. I don't really speak in a book of Brian, so we decided the fix-in for this year's... See, we're not gonna do a best of meals as you. We're gonna... Disappoint a lot of people or putting the charities that we would be helping out. But... Never less. Very sad. Very sad. Nobody wants to do anything. That's the problem we have. A QAM. Nobody wants to give us any assistance. Nobody wants to give us a helping hand. Now, you think that... Doreen... The fat queen. You think that Doreen... Who's the promotions? What is her title? I don't know. Promotion rights, right, guys. Promotion's head. Whatever the hell her title is. You think that maybe she'd like would have gotten involved in that. But the answer is... Oh, no. She don't come anywhere near our show. She don't want nothing to do with us. And the feeling is mutual. So, poor Miguel, who, of course, now is finally wise up. And is quit doing all the freebies working on the other end of the show for nothing. Which we don't enjoy having him there for a long time. He was a good... He was a good... He had a nice day. He did a wonderful job. We enjoyed Georgian. He had a real good summer together in there. Right? That only knows what they were doing. But, you know, it worked out great. But he said enough. I think you wise them up finally. Well... I told him that they... You know, they were never... Ever gonna pay him even though they told him that they were. Oh, they... Well, they... They tell everybody a lot of things. He just liked that room that Sam used to sit him was gonna be a production studio. Is there a production studio in it? No. No. No. No. That's the reason that Duff was given that three by five room to have his little paper-missured desk in. His little high chair that I had to embarrass them in the getting like an almost real a desk. God, who the hell are they kiddin'? Greg, you're... You're an axiom order or Greg. There are people on death row for much lesser crams than you commit every day in that place. You see, around or what? I don't know. That's... Yes, I told you. Is he really? Why aren't you guys lucky, huh? And aren't I even luckier to be like 1200 miles away? Where the weather is beautiful and the humidity is low and we don't have those skaters. Although somebody did die up here already from what is it? Wasn't I? Yes. Or we got it. I don't know. I don't know. Listen, the chances of my winning the Canadian lottery are much greater than getting a bit in my Miscuiter's got whatever that is. Wasn't I? So anyway, so the best of things looks like it's in a crapper this year. But I'm... Why we discussed it a very briefly. What we at least should do is make a book of Brian this because you got all that. Just like what I just played there. He's got all this great stuff about the 9-11 and about, you know, all kinds of good stuff. Sure. Plus all the mobits. I guarantee there's a lot of people out there with love near the 4000 mobits that Book of Brian is it? We keep telling him, don't do any more bits about Moe's very upside. Thanks for being nice to me today, Moe. It's stuff like that, you know. Don't do any Moe. Don't do any Moe with that. But so I guess what we'll do is we'll like sell it on our website. Since the old ones stuck there with 87 orders and it's been on here for months and months. There you go. And plus this one will be much better than that other one anyway. And he can do the work and make the money. And it'll be exclusively available on our website. And also I'm thinking like maybe some of our sponsors like PizzaLopty have might want to have a bunch at his joint. Sure. Sure. On MPD Lenny this morning to show you how much in touch. See if he would take time out from spreading rumors to listen to the station. He says to me, oh, you were that PizzaLopty is opening a new location. Yeah, PD Lenny said that. And he sounded just like Moe and he said, are you where? See I keep talking like that all the time now. Every voice I do with sounds like that. Very pathetic. I just can't stop talking like that. Oh, he's going to guarantee he's probably went home and voted on the poll already. And he's spelling over. Oh, see? I told you, we don't want to go down. Bitches and that thing there. It's the thing for men for guys. It's a guy's thing. All guys with with plaid shorts and vericose veins. That's you, Moe. So now he's Brian doing it or what? I'm sure we don't have to ask because he needs the cash. Right. He will. All the way up to doing those pizza huts spots. You know, although you know something. It would be kind of strange to have the just on. I mean, to have his CDs available at the pizza loft. Well, he's doing spots for the pizza hut. Oh, he's just a voice for them. It's not like he's endorsing them as a character. Sure he is. Sure he won't begin no more females from Jeff Cohen. I'll tell you about it. Any more? You're out Brian. What do you mean by that? He can he's come by there and had a few meals when we did our parents. That's part of the crowd and and deservedly so I'm not. I don't see. I don't be grudge him. Certain other people I know I be grudge. Although and let's see who wanted me to make sure I tell you that they paid for dry concepts or fairle rumor. And by the way, thanks for all for the tip on the piece. She they called yesterday, which I appreciate their concern. They heard me talking about my brositis and about the icing. She said, go to the store. Go to the supermarket. Get a bag of frozen peas. And use that as your ice bag and then put it back in the freezer because peas are like Smaller like little little frozen ice bits. You can take the bag and you can shape the bag like around your arm around your Well, whatever, you know, ever. You can shape the bag. New pool. Speaking of that, what a great segue. New pool show like bright and reno and did heat. Speaking of old bag. See that's bad. And if I come, well, I will. I'll be there. I'll be there on election day in November. Oh, you know something but the primer is next Tuesday. But does my game difference? Because I have to say we're on a primer. No, no, no. I don't want to do that. I'll vote for whichever one gets it. My vote will be against Jeff Bush. I don't care. I wouldn't care if a teller of a hunt was on a battle against him. I'm voting for a teller. At least he's got a colorful name. Because Jeff Bush is the anti-crase and this business with this jury of a Gear guy that he put in charge of the ECF. That should have been a frosting on a cake for the public. They should have been revolting, which is why McBride is gaining on everybody. Because the public now is looking for alternative. Who is a fanatical Christian because we just saw last night on frontline. The 10 of us who watched it. That fanatical or religion is are the evil of the universe. Even a religion is for a teller. That's what we're fighting against. Not just terror but crazy religious nuts. Which of course the Bush you don't want to say that. Because that's their base. That's them. So I'll vote against though. Anybody's on their vote for them against him. Several times. I'm voting 20 or 30 times. See now we finally learned after 2000. I always used to joke about vote early and often. I'm going to do it. I mean those people checking your voter registration. Those people are 140 years old. They would know if it came to their 50 times. As long as you're white. New polls show McBride and Reno and dead heat. As one pollster put a generous Reno is on the verge of snatching the feet from the JAWS a victory. Have you heard anything? I think. Would you say I was responding to that word? Let me say it again. In her case. I mean if that's what you're thinking about at lunchtime boy. You better get the poop bag out because I'm sure most people in the audience are right now. As one pollster put a generous Reno is on the verge of snatching the feet from the JAWS a victory. I'm sure she's seen one or two in her time. The JAWS. Separate polls released over the Labor Day weekend. Valetate with Democrat Bill McBride has been saying for weeks now that he's erased Janet's enormously than the party's gubernatorial primaries. Five months ago when two Florida voters that have ever heard of McBride, a Tampa area lawyer and first time candidate, such as scenario scene preposterous given Reno's celebrity status and big-time name recognition. In a survey sponsored by the Harold and St. Pete Times, Reno leads McBride only 40 to 38% with 13% on the side of it. The separate poll for the Orlando Sentinel and South Florida Sun times it says here, I'm sure that means Sun Sentinel. Reno holds a three-point lead over McBride 37 to 34% this in the Washington Post. With 18% on the side, a third candidate says state Senator Dirol Jones registered far below Reno and McBride in both polls. Oh, I got to do the break. Well, I'll get back to this stuff. Okay. How did I get back up? I got back up talking about poker Brian. And about the disc. And about snatching something. 1126 at 560 WQMVIP Sportsburg.com. This is a name that everybody should know by now because we've been beaten out of for a long time. Now, it's time to the VIP Sportsburg.com. It's the only sportsburg to be endorsed by all the industry watch.groups since 1996. Because what is it? Because he no time's new is recent issues says you can look. You can search and get a search party, but you won't find a better overall sportsburg than the VIP Sportsburg.com. Maybe you're looking for more than just a world class booked at offers 24 hour VIP service and the safety of a leader. How about the highest probably odds anywhere up to 2001 minimum bets of only five bucks and free withdraws 24 hours a day and a 15% cash bonus and at that first deposit. Now, this isn't some juggerable. Located like in the West Plantation. This is Dutch based VIP Sportsburg.com where you treat it with class and your money is safe. Sign up online and get you a 15% cash bonus and a new account or call them at 866 VIP Betts. Easy to get started. All I have to do is log onto your thing. VIP Sportsburg.com. And don't forget when you do sign up online, you get that 15% cash bonus. Be a winner at VIP Sportsburg.com where you are the VIP. Lys and local. We're sports video 560. You a you a yeah. I'm actually a lesbian. The turning general Janet Reno as purchased a red board pickup truck. Hi. I'm Janet. What abs of grander. Today I've got my travel and companion. I'll legal alien taco by my side. I'm not. Taco is my full time house boy and part time off. I'm not. He'll be riding shotgun with me. You know, we hit Florida. Then I'm going to dump this title. I'm going to take a look at the title. I'm going to take a look at the title. I'm going to take a look at the title. I'm going to take a look at the title. I'm going to take a look at the title. I'm going to take a look at the title. I'm going to take a look at the title. I'm going to take a look at the title. I'm going to take a look at the title. I'm going to take a look at the title. I'm going to take a look at the title. I'm going to take a look at the title. I'm going to take a look at the title. I'm going to take a look at the title. Let's take a look at which we move the world to that life. We haven't got to come up with a big, six minus one. So something fake. This is probably considered super unex Cantitude Graham д but not necessarily a little like James Walton and weecome common guy. Comment down below. upset and sort of politics what do you think of that huh however we know still holds a sizable advantage over my pride among two key voting constituencies elderly democrats and african americans both full show we know gets fifty percent or more the black vote even with Jones was black in the race to the public consider about pride for these from time to be kind of a cracker okay when you think isn't it i don't know that much about my only tap dances like Sammy Davis junior and really t-rives not in fact you know something if he would just put on little black face i think he wouldn't sell them over not far behind we know on list of people who didn't want to see the poll results is governor jab bush was relishing campaign is not starting to get the word nervous and worried attached to it with more and more frequency and in a potentially critical political blunder bush and republicans may at least be partially responsible for my pride surge republicans began advertising assault against the pride of the week ago in hopes of discrediting the candidate and ensuring a GOP friendly bush renal matchup in the fall but bush is had the period of given on the side of democratic voters and donors reasonably that my pride is the candidate the bush campaign fears most and therefore reason to support him and pride is also getting lots of support from the state's newspapers he picked up two more major endorsements over the weekend the palm beach post and more importantly they prestigious mimey harald renal's hometown newspaper the harald wrote that my pride has the skill and vision to lead while renal would be a solid caretaker was governor though not an inspiring leader lord needs more than that having previously backed the uh... back by the Orlando sent a leap tamp of tribune and same pita's bird times my pride has swept the states major editor of endorsement how they like that i like it always like that bill my pride you know it probably take is the burn state house for dinner you think maybe burn will pick up the other i'd like to pick up the check that said burn lacks your dad that will take you not to pick up my check you cheap prick we know a certainly no stranger to overcoming adversity having this play the next for surviving in government a see there gonna be a set as a column of prickies that you can do that can you sure cheap you cheap old man renal is certainly no stranger to overcoming adversity having this play the night for surviving in government politics even when the conventional wisdom said she shouldn't so they former u.s. attorney general shook off her bleak poll numbers and continue to predict that we while i'm barking on one more red truck tour around the state out timely uh... that was great excellent and guess what else what mimey date mayor you know that little spick yes endorses mick ride for governor over democratic governor to help candidate bill magpri who's getting ground in his bidwage general we know for the chance to face governor jibberish no member as one of the support of one of soft lotus political heavyweights heavyweights say again date county mayor alice pinga pecania who's a field of the informational nothing groups twice helped him capitalie top job in the state's largest county will endorse mick ride today meaning today sick days before voters choose between the two front runners and states senator derald jones and exos this primary the mayor's endorsement couple with his considerable campaigning in money raising skills could help mick ride capture crucial his panic votes in date and he wrote the strong support in south florida for renal for only mimey area's home and i see there's a problem with this you want to know what it is yeah and it says it could also vote well for pinga pecania who democratic party insider says among those been considered as a potential candidate for the ten and governor should be fried when the primary for the great great no i'll be great because it gets him out of date county oh that's right that would be great but the problem with his being with the gay rights amendment thing on a ballot next Tuesday they're going to be a lot of homo sexual air i think everybody in date county and including everybody who knows one is related to one and even got uh... uh... you know proposition by one to what i'm saying right every one of the vote for who do you think they're going to vote for don't make fried fab cunt they're going to vote for janit she's there no she's our type i will say their type she's our type she's locked but your nine but pinga pecania said yesterday that his political future did not figure and his dissonid back my brand that tamper attorney penellist says exemplifies a life of hard work and sacrifice he's got the best chance of beating jambush so we've the best candidate that we as democrats can have but i will say as the father of two young boys in the public school system of this state it means a lot to me that men and women who are in the trenches teaching our children are behind him that way is heavily on my mind before arriving in day to day my brand stopped at the bokeh airport to get the endorsement of u.s. representative Robert wexler a day after being endorsed by u.s. representative koreen brown of jacksonville i'll tell you he's picking it up yep migraine and pinyls will attend a news conference in rally to block the airport visit brusai restaurant and mimeys will have an neighborhood and possibly stop at two Spanish language radio stations and you know what they're going to be saying on the Spanish language radio station and they're going to say that a lot and i think that's what you need to say to get their votes for the mid-bright campaign ping-a-pacanias endorsement for i'd say boost in the state's most populated region at a crucial time the game of politics in the campaign is all about gaining momentum said run book one of the states most influential lobby is getting endorsement from air ping-a-pacania and the largest county in the state is very huge it's big it's gigantic even walking a lot and once said that everybody said i don't think i can find it though sure i can't under i know what it's under child's and i'm looking under it is so uh... stuff like that it is so huge cheese well you know it took a little while for these did the uh... mayors endorsement is also attracting notice because mick-bright is said to be considering ping-a-pacanias are running mate which we mentioned moments ago i've heard he's on the shortlist of candidates and that's the very exciting possibilities had bob pole chairman of the florida democratic party he has the ability to generate financial resources he has the ability to bring crossover and cross-dressor votes that's why appearances today by mick-bright and ping-a-pacania a few by political observers of the test of how the pair look and sound together now you think that when they appear together he's going to have merits to your home over one shoulder and our close personal friend what's his name standing in the other but i forgot his name already what's his close whatever no your spik friend from io d are from our news got one one mediana how can you forget one mediana my god what is wrong with you man one lady oh shame on you are good friends with one lady silly became a ping-a-pacania one of the suckle yo he glad yeah how's how is uh what's his name doing jim sky or anybody here from him lately is he still alive uh yeah he's still alive well that's good oh you know i'm gonna do i'm gonna do the break a little bit early because this next piece i have here which is absolutely must listening you've heard of must read must see this is must hear this is the article by Cheryl seal who's um on writers net she's a literary agent and writer all right the evidence that may hang gw bush oh that one yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah john o' neo was the casualty of the bush administration it's long but it's worth uh open years get the wax out of yours okay get your wash limbo hearing aids stuck in their real deep and crank it up real loud anyways 22 till noon at five sixty wq we got the mad dog come out of one o'clock we got hang on again from crystal palestin one a whole three and a half hours today see hang like me he's like working his way back into it he easing back in pre game at six thirty five marlins at the met seven ten any k after baseball and joe and mark those dirty boys overnight and then what's his name in the morning hey it's the dog days of summer there's still a lot of man you can feel it out there walk outside your spits in your brainside and probably your hair is blown out of control too especially with all the storms and the wind and the rain in your hair remember that song by pack full and of course not well do something about call the best in the business and get your hair back from Charles Alfie or we're not talking about some mousy looking piece or summary dick at this looking thing that looks like somebody dropped a bunch of maybe that's why he smells like talcom potter moe because it looks like somebody dropped a whole container or a cashmere bouquet on his head but if you want to look great better and younger than he have in years call his toll free number one eight hundred three two one twenty four thirteen now is the smart time to call because Charlie even though the summer's almost over he continues to offer that summer special just mentioned old neo rangers and you get to the bus off the market of price to get your hair back at a very affordable price and look like I said like a munch and don't forget Charlie services and repairs all kinds of her systems while you wait for the little thirty bucks rumours that Bob Eisenberg's going to over there and see what you can do for him not much Bob so if you want to have a great look in here line and for a here right now and for a new year rest of your life go see Chuck Alfie or he'll make your look better in the every thought you could look again say goodbye to your bolts by the mention my name say 300 bucks call toll free one eight hundred three two one twenty four thirteen that's one eight hundred three two one twenty four thirteen or log on to Charles Alfie a re dot com my and look oh this is for twenty five sixy two two and good good good good good good be an ice-kitty today. Well don't mention this goby you're not going to get rates again today. I'm out You know why right that no cuz rapes not funny, but I ain't gonna be a mean man normal If they think that's funny, that's fine-binding wow You really changed your way. I thought I get about it. I'm turning over all new things newton leaves You have a nice day of power nice my cuttley friend. Hey, Mo! Let's leave that particular door again Call back Oh, how are you, James? Hello. How are you? How are you, James? How are you? How are you, James? How are you? I'm 43 at 5. At 5. Sixty. WC, I did the other story from, we'll see you. I did the one quick. Sure, I don't know why I'm asking you. Because you know I want to go to the light. It's the editorial of the days very conservative in New York, post al-Qaeda on the move in the conservative near-up post. Syria has for years been just about the world's worst offender when it comes to offering safe harbor to terrorist now. Syria is hosting al-Qaeda operatives in Lebanon, a country continues to occupy in control. Cremervoy reports to the case that Syria has allowed as many as 200 al-Qaeda gunmen to settle in the al-Hiyawi Palestinian camp near-Sidon. Indeed al-Qaeda operatives may many formerly based in Afghanistan have been fighting bitterly to take control of the camp for existing militias. Nor is the Syria's first engagement with al-Qaeda, or some have been lodged in sun and mother both lived in Syria until just before 9.11 in the tax, 9.11 terrorist Mohammed Ata made several as yet unersplained visits to Damascus, and the country's long been a transit point in base for the terror organization. Indeed, the only reason Syria wasn't included in President Bush's access of evil seems to be because the country's dictator by Shah-R-Sad, intimidated by the US campaign in Afghanistan, promised he would cooperate with the US anti-terrorism efforts. But although this cooperation began with a release of important information about al-Qaeda networks in Germany, it turned out to be partial and half-hearted. Syria never demonstrated the slightest inclination to crack down on any of the other terrorist groups at hosts, including Hamas, Islamic Jihad, Hezbollah, and the popular front for liberation of Palestine, each of which has murdered Americans. And al-Assad seems to have gotten over as an issue of a vengeful Washington, he seems to think he can back out cut his war against America without consequence. It's understandable that he drew this conclusion from the Bush administration's dithering of late, but the White House needs to disabuse a side of this notion and do it soon. So if the New York Post in the right of the Torah will put it, now here is the article by a shirul seal. Until he resigned at August of 2001, John O'Neill was the director of counterterrorism for the FBI's New York office, not far from the World Trade Center. O'Neill investigated the bombings of the World Trade Center in 1993, US Basin Saudi Arabia 1996, the US embassies in Nairobi and Daris, Salam in 1998, and the US as cool. In the course of these investigations he became one of the world's top experts on O'Neill Mamma Bin Laden and Al-Qaeda, determined a hunt bin Laden and followers down and bring them to justice. Those who worked with him and said he lived, breathe, and ate terrorism, a scrappy stubborn Irishman with a quick temper, a fondness for the ladies and a reputation for being brutally blunt on some occasions and pushing on others, O'Neill was often frustrated by the button-down bondries of the modern FBI. But he was one of the best loots the agency had as anyone to work with him would be quick to acknowledge. US attorney Mary Joe White says this of O'Neill, John went at a comprehensively yielding things from people in London or people in Yemen and we never otherwise would have gotten. Another in my reformer FBI director, Louis Fri, remembers O'Neill as the Paramount, most knowledgeable agent we had in the FBI, probably in the government, with respect to counterintelligence matters. After years of investigating O'Neill and Al-Qaeda, O'Neill, O'Neill, O'Neill came to the conclusion that all the answers everything he needs to dismantle O'Neill's organization can be found in Saudi Arabia. That conviction went with him to his grave, unfortunately for O'Neill and 3000 other men and women, and every turn after January 2001, the Bush administration blocked the efforts of the most knowledgeable agent ahead to investigate Saudi ties to Bin Laden. O'Neill saw through Bush from the start and by the summer of 2001, declared that the main obstacles to investigating Islamic terrorism were US oil-corporant interest and the role Saudi Arabia played in furthering those interests. Not only thwarted in that the investigation had been bin Laden family, he kept the specific nature of his family's business tied to the Bin Laden as secret as Chinese energy task force wasc. A few disturbing facts are known, however, for example, bin Laden's were investors in the Carlisle group, the secret of energy and arms corporation found it by George Bush's senior. Carlisle was earlier reputed with an image of state stakeholder and central Asian oil interest, though they have not surprisingly dropped from the foreground in the past year. Bin Laden money was also sunk in a George W. Bush's first oil companies, a bin Laden was involved in bioport, the company that GW Bush granted a federal contract for producing anthrax vaccine, even though the company had failed 3 FDA inspections. It's hard to imagine given this cozy history that O'Neill had much use for the Bush clan and must have truly enraged the money learned as the inevitably must have given this position inside the intelligence grapevine that Osama bin Laden had flown to Dubai for 10 days for treatment at the American hospital where he was visited by local CIA agent Larry Mitchell on July 12. But let's backtrack to the year before 9, 11, back to the fall of 2000s, he says. In October of 2000 after entering the port of Odin off the coast of Yemen, the USS coal was hit by suicide bomber. The blast killed 17 in injured 35 Americans, O'Neill was sent over to investigate his head of the FBI team, accompanying O'Neill the Yemen World for 100 FBI agents, laboratory experts and forensic specialists as well as FBI Director Louis Free. From the earliest moments of the investigation, O'Neill was sure bin Laden was responsible, however from the start as efforts to work the case were sabotaged by US Ambassador to Yemen Barbara Bodin, Bodin refused to cooperate in the investigation to encourage Yemenites to cooperate as well. Despite repeated death threats against agents who refused to allow them to carry the type of weapons O'Neill considered adequate, O'Neill reportedly called Louis Free in the middle of the night once expressing anxiety about the safety of his men. The clash between O'Neill and Bodin went steadily from bad to worse picking when Bodin publicly called O'Neill a liar, incredibly Bodin claimed that through her actions he was merely trying to keep diplomatic relations running smoothly. But O'Neill must believe that he was a very different motivation. Throughout her career, Barbara Bodin served primarily under right-wing old boys and areas where the oil and trist of settle old boys are being furthered. Under Reagan, she served as deputy principal officer in Baghdad Iraq, under Bush Seniors she served as deputy chief of mission in Kuwait and was there during the Gulf War. She's also worked for Bob Duel and far more ominously for Henry Kissinger. So in 2000 we find her in Yemen and through a Clinton appointee and O'Neill appointing the Clinton administration's efforts to conduct an investigation of a crime of terrorism in which the chief suspect is the son of a Bush family business associate. What makes Bodin's actions to her near particularly indefensible is that there is a credible evidence that she herself was to blame at least in part for the cold disaster. Key foul is a defense intelligence agency counterterrorism analyst that issued a report before the disaster, warning of the danger of just such an attack in Yemen. As it turned out the report was suppressed by senior CIA officials and by Bodin in general Anthony Zinn who decided to allow the cold wind of the port of the lowest greatest security permitted in the Middle East though they were both aware of the warning. Follows quit in protest that after the bombing. The report foul is referred to as officially issued six hours after the attack by the NSA. The reports had terrorist were known to be actively engaged in operational planning for an attack in a travel to Dubai and Beirut in preparation for this attack. Yet on October 29, senior intelligence officials issued the statement claiming that the warnings they had received were too vague to have justified issuing a stronger alert sound from it here. Yep. The Clinton administration intervened in the investigation and arrangement was made that at least made it possible for agents to question suspects thanks to Bodin even this had been impossible before. On the return of these states for the holidays by that time Bush had succeeded in pulling off the theft of the presidency. On the it was barred from returning the Yemen to continue his investigation. Shortly after he returned while attending a seminar in Tappa, on the old briefcase which contained some sensitive papers was stolen. Huh, although the briefcase was found in tact shortly afterward with only a cigar lighter missing, the incident later proved to be something much more than just a petty theft as you'll see. From this point on, incidents, actions and decisions became so complex in interwoven that a chronology seems the best way to present the information. Chronology late January 2001 through 9.11 2001. Late January, within 10 days of being sworn in until a few weeks before 9.11, Bush becomes preoccupied of sets some of whispered, with trying to cut a deal with a Taliban that would make Afghanistan a new playground for American oil interests. The game involved the game plan involves swiping the world bridge, Kaspy and Region for mushing control proving just how loyal Bush is to his soulmates Putin. From January through August, the time during which he felt sure he could control or pressure the Taliban into playing ball, Bush did not consider the Afghan religious despots evil. In fact, he's reported to him to describe their repressive regime as a source of stability in central Asia that will provide the ideal environment for the construction of an oil pipeline. February 2001. In a masterpiece of conflicting signals, Bush after expressing interest in negotiations orders the Taliban government officials, offices rather than US closed. The Taliban response by saying it might be willing to turn over Osama bin Laden, this suggestion is ignored. March 2001. Late-Lahelm's daughter, a former CIA director Richard Helm, brings one of Moila Omar's advisors, Said Hashimi to Washington, during that visit Hashimi meets with the director rid of the central intelligence at CIA and the Bureau of Intelligence and research of the State Department. In one meeting since Helm's Harshami proposes that the Taliban would be willing to hold bin Laden in one location long enough for the West to locate and destroy him, however this offer is refused by the Bush administration. April through August. One warning after another of terrorist attack directed against the US come into the Bush administration from the UK from Russia, Egypt, Israel, France, Germany and Russia. Early May. FBI director Louis Free after being the subject of an intensive right-wing smear campaign, Quits or more accurately is forced out. May, and we've heard this before on this show, from Robert Sier, May Bush gives Taliban $43 million and what is reported to be a pot-sweetening deal. June. Free now gone the last of the FBI agents investigating the core are suddenly pulled out of Yemen, ostensibly because of lack of progress and danger. June, O'Neill meets with French intelligence, expert John Charles Bresard and Paris, and expressed his frustration at the Bush administration, he tells Bresard he believes the key to making hit-wagants terrorism-lies in Saudi Arabia, but that oil and Chris lie in the way of any serious investigation. Bresard and his associate, Giang-Yamia Duske, whatever it is, the French the name's always given me. Intelligence, a list in the editor of Intelligence Online dedicated their book, been lobbing me for bid and truth, released in France in November 2001 to O'Neill. This book has been vigorously avoided by US publishers and everyone in the mainstream US press accept Paul Azan, who has presented excerpt of it. July, how you liked that even Paul Azan, present the experts. Hi, you go, Paula. You silly bitch. July, French escrow of Vendrel and Tom Simmons former president of Pakistan, meet with Taliban in Berlin on Bush administration's behalf. This is in July, of last year following this following. A deal that offers a coalition government and a pipeline is proposed to the Taliban when Tom Simmons threatens the Taliban with military actions in alternative and to not accepting the deal, the Taliban representative storm out of the meetings. July, possibly as a way to modify the Taliban, Bush directs the FBI to back off on Osama Vendrel. July 8th in response to public pressure, the FBI sent back to the Yemenboe Niels told he's barred for mentoring the country. July 10th, an FBI agent named Kenneth Williams who's based in Phoenix, Arizona sends a memo to John O'Neill that he's suspected in an O'Neill hijacker in training was taking flight lessons at a local flight school. This memo never gets further than whoever O'Neill transmitted it to and knowing O'Neill's history there is no doubt that the information was transmitted. If you like 12, Osama Vendrel received treatment at an American hospital in Dubai and is visited by a CIA agent Larry Mitchell. Mid-July, O'Neill meets again with French intelligence analyst Pristard this time in New York City. He again expresses frustration and pushes refusal to pursue O'Neill, Vendrel, or Saudi terrorist ties seriously. It is absolutely certain that O'Neill might not realize that even the memo from Williams would not be followed up on. August 2, Christina Rocco of the Director of Asian Affairs at the State Department meets the Taliban ambassador in Islamabad to reopen negotiations. Her message from Bush according to intelligence reports repeated in the New York City and the British Police Department said, either you accept their offer of a carpet of gold, or we bury you under a carpet of bombs, this media offer is refused. August 6, the most serious attack warning is delivered to Bush at this point. It should have been clear to the Bush that having just four days before threatened the Taliban with military action, there'd be a very good chance that something serious might happen, perhaps in the nature of a preemptive strike. What it is this point, Bush decides against taking serious action on the threats. Why? The answer seems painfully clear. As of August 6, we have a person who's delivered an automated to the Taliban, threatening to bomb them. However, there is at this point no pretext to justify carpeting Afghanistan with bombs. We also have a person whose ratings have tanked over 50%, unless needs a sort of infuse to public support a war would provide. With the warning on his desk, Bush must have seen an opportunity, all he needed to do was nothing. Time will tell whether or not he realized the scope of the resulting disaster. Early August, Dick Clark, the president's terrorism's art and national security council, tells O'Neill he would like to put his name on his successor. It would be a powerful position fellowwagian, Barry Mawn, said that person would have direct contact with the FBI and turn around the influence, top-cat and turn around an influence, top-cat-ended people, and possibly even a president. Mid August, a flight school of Minnesota flight, what is it? A flight school of Minnesota reports that rise from a salinity local FBI office after Missouri was created training in how to fly a jet, but not in how to land or take off. Although, Miss Sally's arrested agents did not search his computer and thus miss vital clues. August 19, I guess I better do the break-up. Oh man. Well, this will leave you hanging. No, I'm telling you. I need to tell you. There's not that much more. New York Times reports that O'Neill is suddenly under investigation for the briefcase incident, Tom Picard, seconded to command the FBI tells O'Neill a pretty much kissedy promotion chance goodbye, it's clear O'Neill like free as being squeezed out. The French of O'Neill said that Picard was very cozy with Ascroff in the Bois team, acted as the number one roadblock to O'Neill's efforts to progress in the agency. After 9-11 Picard, one like O'Neill and free had no experience investigating terrorism, especially when it was white-collar crime, was placed in charge of the 9-11 investigation and also the anthrax investigation in November Picard retired. Late August, O'Neill quits the FBI. Early September, O'Neill takes a job and has had a security for the World Trade Center. He mentions the French in New York that he fully expressed to be the building to be targeted by terrorists in the future. September the 7th, the CIA's promised program begins picking up unusual trading activity for the United American Airlines. That's on the stock market. And of course, on 9-11, O'Neill's second day of work on the 34th floor, the World Trade Center said by the first plane. O'Neill makes it out of the building safely calls us on to say that he's okay. Then goes in the other town to help guide those still inside the safety minutes later, O'Neill along with hundreds of others is dead, killed by the terrorist, the Bush administration refused to allow resue to the best of his ability. I'm speechless. 1157 at 560 WQM's 9 America, maybe let me tell you about dial-a-mactress if you're in a good night's sleep lately. Maybe you're worried about all of these things. Well, you can get yourself a great night's sleep if you have a good night's sleep. If it's lumpy and bumpy and it's just had it, and then you've got to cut the mustard, you're going to wake up in a back feeling like crap. If you don't get a good night's sleep, which is so damn important to your health in the way you feel. If you want to best backress in the world on beatable price, by now you've got to know it because I've been telling you for years about these folks. I've been using them for years too. Dial-a-mactress, just one easy call is what gets it done for you. 1-800-mactress, you've talked about betting experts, we'll hook you up with exactly the kind of mattress you're looking for, and the top brands in the world. That's some off-brand names, not some crap. They got the best sort of silly, similar to King Coral. And don't forget when you call dial-a-mactress, you pick the day of the week seven, the week and the two are window. When it's convenient for them to deliver and you get that 30-day-in-home comfort guarantee as well. You can't be did all the way around. So don't slip all over time looking for a great deal on the quality name. Brand-mactress, pick up the phone and just dial one easy number. That's all it takes. 1-800-mactress, 1-800-m-a-t-t-r-e-s, or check them out on the web if you like at natras.com. And look all, this is 4-2-0-5-60. How are they, David? When I take my fell bean, I listen to it in Neil Rogers 12-1 hour, not George, because he's stupid. And this underpriced at the end. Party girls plot, party girl's plots Party girls plot Hurry up Play at your уtspready Leaving behind Jimmy Harrisonóguche A 360 A 360 Ness varsa A 360 kum Millions Lexus Assemble Peter Paul Paul Ne Mikkh Gregul A Coz At No Oh, no, no, no, no. Hello, this monster of the girl who wants to be a media home, prefers it on top with us. You want more? Oh, this lady is what I'll give you. She's got a book to read about Sandra in. Nobody knows more about Sandra in out. With a big suitcase, a thousand, it wasn't the left of Mangaloo. Such a good Christian girl. You want to strangles her. Fontip the game. Who's she hating? Political font is on tits and games from Oncum Hall and that's debating. Overbubble against gangie home. She's a better real Christian boy. Making liberal, a dirty word, you know. In a mini-stirge, Jo and Cameldo. And Golden Know's what they can be. In a mini-stirge, that's felt fishy. She's a tall drink of water on the side of the Lord. With a back alley hook, it'd be like a broad star. It's got some money, she'll spread those things with the cigarette and a sharp face and go through and go through. Political font is a natural, alright. Have a cheesy day. Alright. It's follow two at five, 60, 12, 11. Follow one. Shackie, try to push it ahead. Better get the time right. Hadn't we? And that important on the level one. No. I know a trouble one. Oh. Hey, let's go. I got 15 clocks here, man. You either even following the stir about the two punks up and upstate. Who, uh, kids who were allegedly murdered their father? Oh, yeah. Poor TVs playing that. So that's the trial, the juror. This article, which I think is a very good one, is in today's national post here in Canada, which is shocking to me. Were they heavily? They have a new word I just learned. Yeah. You've heard it before. Tad polling. I got news for of anybody who looks like they've been tadpowing it. These two kids. Man. If there's ever a case for forced sterilization, motion, I shouldn't have to turlize. Anyway, father's murder has two plots because you know there are two trials. One of which is already over. Right. In an unprecedented legal conundrum, two cases now being tried and florist of just different scenarios for the same murder argued by the same prosecutor and part of the same judge but against different defendants. Brothers, Alex and Derek King now aged 13 and 14. I refused to bludgeoning their father in death last year within aluminum baseball bat. I want to share a lot better than with a wood baseball bat. Right. According to the case laid out by state prosecutor David Rimmer in Pensacola, Florida courtroom yesterday, they're being tried as adults. David Rimmer. Last week, Ricky Chavez, a 40 year old handyman and friend of the family, stood trial on the same charges but with quite a different account of how the murder unfolded although Mr. Rimmer was also the prosecutor. The jury was handed down a verdict in the Chavez matter but it will remain sealed until after proceedings against the King brothers are concluded. Was this bizarre or what? What? What? Legal experts say it's rare for prosecutors to conduct simultaneous separate trials for a crime that only one defender said the defendant's code of committed. Even the judge in the case just as Frank Bollabius can be a circuit court appears, be muzeed. In other words, he keeps scratching the set like Greg and going, yeah. I think that's the sound you make when you're being muzeed. Is it possible for two different jury to find both of them guilty? The judge said the two sets of defendants. He says yes, it is possible for two different jury to find both of them not a knock-yieldy, yes, unusual, very unusual. He did not discuss what would happen if the verdicts were split. This puzzling scenario is a reason because of the changing testimony given by the young defendants initially Derek confessed to the murder of his father, Terry Lee King 40, who was hit repeatedly on the head in November 26, while sleeping in a recliner in the living room. I went in there and hit him once and heard a moan. He said I was afraid to wake up and see us, so I kept on hitting him. I killed him. Then the house in, what is that? Can't I meant? I don't know. I never heard of that place in my life. Well, anyway, the blue collar suburb of Pensacola was set on fire to cover up the murder of the boys that they threw their bed on their bed. Doused a blanket with charcoal lighter fluid and said it light. Derek said they ran out the back door. Alex confessed to coming up with the idea like his brother he provided chilling detail that seemed to place him firmly on the scene of the crime. He told deputies he saw his father's brain through a hole in his head and heard a sound like the person has a slightly stopped up nose as the diamond struggled for his breath. And that was the sound. Neighbor said Mr. King was a strictness of linarian, although there were no indications he had physically abused his boys. He had custody of the children whose mother were not living with him for seven years. Derek was placed with foster parents for seven years until he became so out of control that he returned him to his father two months before the killing. Matters became less clear, and the grand jury and dead of Mr. Chavez on murder charges last spring. The brothers had changed their story. Now they said, how'd like to men end his brothers? Yeah. Now they said the man to kill their father and persuaded them to take the blame. Arguing they would receive lighter sentences as juveniles prosecuted as Mr. Chavez, a convicted child molester, became obsessed with Alex and produced love notes from the boy to bolster their case. Before I met Rick, I was straight, but now I'm gay once said. Mr. Chavez has also been charged with sexual misconduct against a child. That case will go to trial next month. In the new version of the murder, the brothers say that Mr. Chavez killed their father when they hit in the truck of his car. They hoped to live with Mr. Chavez would take an end when they ran away from home ten days before the murder. In testimony last week, Alex said he loved Mr. Chavez, and that had sex with him. I was in love with Rick, and he let me play video games and stuff. It was funnier over at his house, I guess he said. That's funny. But the video tape statements to the police are not the only evidence against the boys. They confessed to various people including their mother. In addition, Derek's former guardian city told him two days before the murder, the boys wanted to kill their father and had a plan. Laptest also showed the boys had panicked in around their shoes, and an experiment that could have been used to start to fire, which melted the murder weapon. Telephone records corroborate Mr. Chavez claim that the boys called him after the killing and asked him to pick them up. They show a call was made from a payphone and a convenience during the week. During the trial last week, Michael Rolwell, Mr. Chavez lawyer, hammered away at the inconsistencies in the boys' test. They're in the knowledge of the crime contradicted their new and improved story. He said, while the paint did around their shoes, implicated them in the murder. Derek explained that the paint didn't was on their shoes because they had their father painted a part of the house earlier in the fall. The leader also urged Mr. Chavez to be deceived by the boys youth in a permanent innocence. We don't like to say that children with terrific faces can be cold, calculating homicidal psychopaths he said. Well, here because of the King Boy's lie, they either lied to the police or they lied to you. All three defendants face mandatory sentences of life in prison without parole convicted. Well, there's this story. Who's on first? Man, talk about confusing. Why not just try all three of them just in case they're from Pensacola, anyway? 298 votes at our poll today. This may be the most screwed up poll of all and some of the votes are for real not too many. Sure, our guise the national be forced to accept women to admit women to do women. 298 votes, no it's a private club. 137 many of those votes are bogus. I don't care. Golf is crap. 105. And yes, they're discriminating only 56. You see, you've got it wrong, Mr. You've got it as usual wrong. Nobody wants to bunch of goddamn bull likes and I'll the masters. Well, let that one charge to him because he's pretty damn good. How come I'm doing that like that? Oh, speaking of awards and divorces. You see, did you read this story that you facts me? Teach you recommended for word choice? Sure. I have a not four right. Who I'm trying to think it was only a year or two ago we had the same thing within a year I thought on the very same word. Anyway, a fourth grade teacher at Williams Elementary School, this is in Wilmington, Delaware, has received a formal reprimand for teaching her students the word niggeredly the teacher's son said yesterday. Niggeredly. And then we were just talking about rumor. Last week teacher Stephanie Bell said she used the word niggeredly which means stinging your eyes away to the regular discussion about literary characters. But parent at one of Walker who's black posted protest of the use of the word saying it offended her because it sounds similar to a racial slur. Well, this is almost a carbon copy to the one we had before. Ms. Bell said the National the North Carolina. What is that got to do with it? It's in the Wilmington star. It says Wilmington and I don't know where this is. Well, maybe we'll find out if we keep going. The educator, associate the educators told her not to talk with anyone about situation. I really wish I could. But Tarle Bell, T.A.R.L. you know a lot of people named Tarle Langer. Yeah. Langer. Langer. Langer. Langer. Langer. Langer. Langer. Langer. Langer. Langer. Langer. Langer. Langer. Langer. Now, he just said he has red also had punishments. Bell who is white. And by the way, can I back up on second? OK, that Langer chilling piece that I read before that was chilling. You have this stuff they say, chilling is crap. People shouldn't have preferred from that, that they knew what was going to happen. Out of the outbreak, would it work? They thought that the attack that läched knock on top of the entire Katateuve was something that they never spread the ghosts doing. Or they never spread anything. They never spread anything. same right so she's not suggesting that they knew the world trade center in the Pentagon we're going to bomb. Anyway Mr. Braille, Mr. Braille who's 17 in high school read with said the letter which Mr. Bell said he's read also at Monash Miss Bell who is white for lacking sensitivity to the school's diverse population of students and not being aware of cultural differences he said. The letter said it would go in the Miss Bell's person hell file within five days Mr. Bell said it also gave Miss Bell the option of responding and said pay her to comply with the directors in letter which included sensitivity train would lead to further action he said. In addition to the letter Miss Walker's daughter was moved to another class and Miss Bell agreed not to use the word again with her students. And it goes on a great line. I mean what are we talking about? Niggerly it's a real word. I mean talk about a little bit too up and you know what the word is? I'm thinking stupid. Yeah. Because people who don't understand what the world really means those people get upset because they're stupid. Not if I think they're the list of all the words that offend me because they sound like spick. Don't you know if it's all me play kiss a negatively person good morning? What's wrong with that? Even cheap people deserve to be kissed in a morning? Do they? Well I don't know. Maybe when you go to lunch with Rimmer you'll find out. He's not cheap he's not cheap at all he pays you know that's what he says and they did pay dragon dragon condoms. I bet you're feral the road to check. She's great you know. Very nicely. She's really nice. He told me about the peas for my elbow and I mean although he did make the call. I'm a skul and remember and thanks again for Dr. R. Watson. What's your name? Paskun Yuck. No I'm Dr. Havth Hamth. It's a strange name. Hamth. She's great. And you notice I don't have any sinus anymore? It came right out of my nose. I don't have any sinus congestion or infection and the stuff in my throat. Man I sound great. Of course my elbows kill me. So now we got to find the elbow doctor. He has to problem out everybody's a specialist. Whatever happened to like there was a doctor in Rochester Dr. Joe Rock uploaded this before. And no matter what you had he would come to the house with his little black sack. Not the one from balance for life but it had all the pills and it and stuff. And and that was it. If you had chicken pies, if you had measles, if you had the mom's the no matter what. And he one doctor would come to your house. Right now you got you got not only a specialist for your hand. You got the index finger doctor. You got the middle finger doctor which I'd like to give the most doctors and you got the pinky nail. Everybody's a goddamn specialist. So if this thing don't clear all of the ice is helping a lot, I'm going to go get some peas. And then if I don't eat the peas, I can send them off to my return. She likes peas. It's 11 past noon as you know. Past noon at 5.60. But hey, Reader we got some peas coming out send them a FedEx. Collect. Hey, you've heard me talking about becoming a high paid computer professional and about the large number of jobs that are out there waiting for. If you want to start making some serious cash, here's the deal for you. The question is how do you find a good school that will help you accomplish all of these things? Well, there's only one school that's got for convenient locations in Dave Broward, including there's Spiffy, Newwood, and Kendall. There's only one school that's got certified Microsoft instructors convenient day evening and weekend classes. There's only one school that's got full time job placement department with over 30 years experience again, people taste with this school. You can play your programming gets certified in just four short months. And we're talking about real hands on training. And that school of course is fast train. Just as Todd Rack, he'll give you all the details. In fact, you don't want to start doing. I'm going to start giving their number and his home number for people a lot more information. So we'll get off off your butt, pick up the phone and call fast train and start making some serious bucks. Maybe as much as Todd is making, but I doubt it. And he don't lick. He don't work a lick to make it. Call toll free. One eight sick. He might lick it. One eight six fast train. That's one eight six fast train. Start tomorrow. We'll give Todd's number two or check them out on the web at fasttrained.com. My country we have no one to grow. My country we have no one to grow. Show off their dental work, David. We have if I found out who they're just in front of my cake. Go in there. Oh, my and only why don't we blow their nose. Here they're snored, but the left door. Hey, oh, oh, what are you? Let's go see that five sticky WQA and so talent vocal wants to know is what an article where did you get that mean to one by Cheryl O'Ciel? Yes. Riders.net and her name is Cheryl seal SEL. SEL. SEL. I don't have the exact website. I mean, you know, writers.net, I think we'll get you started. You want to say? And I think you're the article. She got a series of these articles and by the way above the article was a quote from John P. O'Neill 1996. Who said no longer was it just if you're being attacked by international terrorist organizations, attacks against Americans and Americans overseas. A lot of these groups now have the capability and the support infrastructure inside the United States to attack us here if they choose to do so. That was what he said in 1996. I just mentioned that in passing. So there's your answer to Tom and glad somebody enjoyed it. Somebody, uh, my own, I don't know if enjoyed is the word. Somebody was alarmed by it. Somebody was chilled by it. Somebody was nauseated and grossed out by it. Now, what is this? This is from the Amir and the UK that you just found was your average yet. Is this worth the talk about? I don't know. It says even before September 11th, all airport workers should have had tough security checks. Since that day, it's been absolutely crucial. A single rogue employee could call his absolute devastation. So it's incredible. All high sea at the British thing. It's incredible at 15 illegal immigrants have been found working as cleaners on jets at Heathrow in London. Every person who's hired to go airside is supposed to go through stringing security investigations that couldn't have happened at these 15. They had no genuine documents and no real identities as far as the British authorities were concerned. This is not the first time massive security losses at Airports have been revealed by the Daily Mirror since 9-11. Each time we were told that the procedures are being tightened and that it can't happen again and yet it does. An aviation security experts says that little has been done to approve the safety of flights. He's obviously right. A week ago, a passenger was sees that a Swedish airport when he tried to take a gun on board on his way to the UK. If he had tried to fly from this country, he might well have succeeded, possibly with the following consequences. When are the airport authorities airlines in police going to take airports security seriously before the next atrocity or after it asked the UK Daily Mirror? How do you like that? So at least we ought to feel better at such as us. They're just as lacks over there as we are. Sad, pathetic. Like I said, put on a good dog and pony show and come everybody down. Oh, it's going to be okay. And then hold your breath. You also would against my senior dropped after questions arrive over the validity of claims. So we don't do like a one-sided thing on here. Except for politics. Do you know what I'm saying? I got it. We are not doing any bush looking stories on this show either way. By the way, I'm sure glad that I saved that article when I faxed to you. All kinds of calls coming into the front office and everywhere else in the building wanting to know where to find that. OK, it's bugged. I'm giving more. And you know something the person who facted it to me, I don't want to use his last name and I think he's very, very much. of what I found this. The article is called Smoking Gun, the evidence that may hang GW Bush Part III, John O'Neill was the casualty of the Bush administration question mark. Her name is Cheryl Seale, SEL, SEL, CRYL, you can do a search and writers.net is where her material appears. So that's, you know, and I don't have a specific website where this article was downloaded from you know what I'm saying? You follow me? I'm following. I don't know if it was on writers.net or someplace else, but she is herself as owner. Anyway, it'll link you up with her anyway, Cheryl Seale. It's phenomenal and it's annoying and aggravating and I believe every single word of it. Every single word of it. They just caught caught with her pants down. They never expected it was going to be on our soil and they certainly never expected anything of that magnitude. And there's something else in there which I skipped over during the reading because I was trying to get in before the end of the hour. That May 23rd, $43 million that allegedly was to encourage them to quit growing a poppy's. Right? That was like I said, it was a pot-sweetening deal. We're not talking about the kind of pot that you smoke. A pot-sweetening deal for the oil pipeline. It was like a bribe. And guys who handed them, you remember who gave them the $43 million check? No, I forgot. Our good post-personal friend, Colin Powell. Oh yeah. Why did they buy the yesterday at the UN Earth Conference? Our good friend, Roland Colin. Let's roll. Lossed against Monsignor dropped after questions rise over the validity of claims. A former altar boy who had led to the high-ranking church official molested him in the 1980s, withdrew his loss in yesterday after questions arose about the validity of his claims. Monsignor Michael Smith Foster, the Chief Cannonler for the Arts Dices of Boston, said he was eager for the arts dices to reinstate him and help restore his reputation. He had maintained his innocence since Paul Edwards 35. First claim last month and a lawsuit against Foster in the arts dices that foster molested him repeatedly when Edwards was a teenager in Newton. I'm grateful to God. That the truth has been revealed. He said a news conference with his three attorneys. These false accusations have done harm not only to me, but also the true victims of abuse. Edwards through his attorney with through his lawsuit yesterday, the lawsuit with dismissed with prejudice, meaning it cannot be refiled, said Ellen Martin won a Foster's lawyers. Last week Edwards former lawyer, Eric Dave Parker, with you from the case saying issues arose central to the allegation by Edwards, a hearing on more than the merits of the lawsuit have been scheduled for today. The case we news concerns about a rush to judgment for priest accused of abuse and how the arts dices investigate such claims. This is in today's, or yesterday's, a Boston Globe. Attorney Peter Hermes said Foster planned to send letter to the arts dices acting that he'd be reinstated as usual vicar, Foster, also grabbed an email to send the fellow Cannonler saying that the lawsuit have dismissed and noting his concerns about the investigation. What has happened over these weeks with the Church's investigation remains a mystery to me, the email sent. I anxiously await word from the arts dices. I'm when they plan to reinstate me and according to their own guidelines help me restore my reputation. So he's also waiting for the Church to a step in. Remember what Michael said, step back in. Remember that? Yes. And speaking of that stuff, Pope picks Bishop to Phil Palm Beach post after abuse scandal. See one thing on this show, we're never going to have a shortage of these stories, even though the rest of me just got tired of it. We've had enough of those stories and they smoothed it over real nice, you know? They did their dog and pony show. Everybody, see, that's one thing about this world. Everybody is a dog and pony show. Just ask Joe Dodgeola. He's always on that dog show telecast because he can't get any other gig. You know, who don't want him on there? He must be about 100 years old now, you know, at least. And you know what he's famous for saying though, you don't want to say it. Get a check. Yeah. And he got him. He got him. Which is also as good as he questioned. Almost as good as Joe's a ganky, but not quite. Joe Dodgeola, man. There's a guy who made a ton of money with no talent. He was a mediocre catcher with a cardinals and a pirates, a very, very mediocre ball player. He cut it, talk like that. You know, like, and made a fortune in radio. Are you worth that? Yeah. Not only was he on the today's show, but now he took that money and bought a whole bunch of routine of like radio stations and small markets. I wonder if he has anything to do with that enter com. I doubt it. But anyway, he was on that dog show. What do they call out the Westminster kennel club thing? That's what it is. The Westwood College show. The Westminster kennel club thing. Pope Pist Bishop, a Bishop known for his tough policies and sexual abuse. Good. Was named yesterday by Pope John Paul the tooth to lead the DICs of Palm Beach. What is your head problems during Palm Beach folks replacing a bishop who quit after admitting him or us to the student years ago. Bishop Sean Patrick O'Malley, good Irish son and boy will be installed October 19 served as Bishop in the 400,000 member, father of a mass die since 1992 in Massachusetts when he was called up to clean a sexual abuse scandal surrounding allegations against the former priest. O'Malley 58 is credited with establishing a model system for dealing with sex abuse accusations against priests, which include referring victim to the social workers unaffiliated with the church and conducting background checks for all employees and volunteers. He succeeds the anxious Bishop Anthony O'Connell resigned in March after admitting him a list of the seminary more than 25 years ago. O'Connell and turns succeeded Bishop J. Kennedy to keep Simon admitted 1998 that he molested five altered boards decade earlier. Simon's resigned. O'Malley yesterday assured the public that his background is free of scandals and accusations. He said he implants the implement at least some of the policies he started in the fall river and yada yada. The Reverend Raymond Mahr, a priest that Saints you can't let church in Boko were told called the new appointment a great blessing. I know that his reputation is a great healer and a great administrator precedes him. I said, is he really the billmarked you think? No, it's a child. How much John Mahr used to do news on ABC? Here in Detroit and in battle Creek. Remember John Mahr? Of course you know who that hell is? He was good newsman and a great voice. Back in the golden days of radio and radio was worth having. Back before all these handful of companies butt up all the stations like what is this one company enter calm? You know people are starting to ask around town. I'll have to let's start our red and the first hour. What does enter come? Just what do the bees these have up there? Please, they're never going to tell the truth. Oh, are we ever going to talk? Well, nobody ever tells the truth on that stuff like with Cox Broadcasting. I remember that meeting that anxious meeting with that little punky Bobo and Bob Neo. Whatever in hell is name is from Atlanta who came and I'll tell you how short Bob Neo is he came up to George's ankle. That's how short he made me feel, Tom. Peace or craft? I have better things to do with my time. We tried everything with a station and we can't make any might. Let's see if anybody else can do it. And guess what? We're going over to passion and log with sold out every day. Remember that much. I made it immediately. Yeah. So if a public like passion could make money with IOD what was wrong with Cox? And my comment to Bob Neo is Cox a host. 27 after noon at 5. 60 WQM. Let me tell you something. If you dog is done, what I just said, all of your carpet like mine has get dry concepts in there, even the most messed up carpets in the world. Well, it's just like brand new when they get done with their exclusive patented dry cleaning concept. They're the only ones in the world. I guess that's where they got the name from. Five concepts make sense to me. They've been doing an in town for over twenty two years, two years, two, three years. And oh, in my house, for over twenty years. And man, I'll tell you when you think your carpets have had it. They come in and surprise you and show you that even the nastiest, the smelliest, the skankiest looking carpet in the world they can turn a miracle on because they suck out even the deep down dirt way down the fire was your carpet and leave them looking brand new. They're drying just a couple of hours. You're going to have a big smile on your face. No rip off because they give you a written guaranteed price up front before they start doing the work. And they also do an unbeatable job of paying your furniture and drapery. Spot dying, fiber protection, copper repairs, implant array of a rug service, the authorization and if a flood strikes your home complete water damage restoration too. So if you want to be guaranteed with a phenomenal job at a very fair price, these are the people you want to be calling. Even my mother uses them. The rumors use him and they pay by the way, my aunt, my me, everybody that's got a brain in Broward call nine five four three seven oh seventy seven seventy eight. Isn't that nice to take you my Anna discount? In Broward call nine five four three seven oh seventy seven seventy eight in data Palm Beach, column toll free. One I wonder if they gave you any peace with the job. 1 800 two four eight five seven one that's one eight hundred two four eight five oh seven one clean today entertainment night with dry concept. One day you go we're supposed to be a five six four you a m. I just can't wait until Papa don't when no nation to we've got a ride on that is true I've got no interest in Thomas Dick. So Robert don't just kind of make me sick. Too bad there isn't someone else to pick. The TV might be up tricky. This one bad man Papa don't do this. When no nation to there are a lot of peaceful safety through prison. You can't paint bread or a crew. Don't know why just Robert don't do this. You might as well vote for me. You might as well vote for me. I know the Clint isn't at home and for that matter so is once for us. But I just cannot go for Robert's own. Everybody says he's too old. That's why I'm telling you Robert don't do this. When no nation to this he's dying I'm gonna do it. Don't play him in your wife's stupid. Don't know why just Robert don't do this. The matter's well vote for me. Oh my God. The matter's well vote for me. Prophecy 4.5.50. I'm so anyway I was gonna do my Clinton bull stir with a king interview last night. But I will in a minute. Okay first the shocking thing you just facts me here. Yeah. I went after the shower and got my affron. So you haven't made a bad mistake. I had the club no cause I had the affron in the shower and then I forget about it. Kind of like that forget about it Friday. I forget about the affron. Which is a bad idea. Cause you know I spritz in the shower in my nose and breathe in that steamy, you know, how to like a doctor hand tool. But also I'm sitting here and I realized and I yanded one ear opened up. And I thought well I must begin a little plugged up again. So I'm out and just got my affron. So oh man don't I sound great? Better yeah I do. No. Yeah I had to hear you're so full of crap. If I wouldn't have just told you I do somebody you're right. How about now? Nope. Democrats and chronicling Rochester New York my hometown. Let's go to Dona Bob so they're not there anymore. God. You know something that should be illegal. That was a place I'm not talking about the one out there by Sea Breeze. I mean the one and and Brighton on Monroe Avenue. If I wouldn't road you know where I'm talking about right next time. I never told you. You know what I'm talking about Dona and Bob's Mister. They should never have been allowed to get bought out by the window. I guess did they close or yeah they closed. First of when these guy bought him on he ruined it and then they closed it down. He's a crap. Let's go for some chocolate almond fudge frozen custard. What do they call that another place is frozen custard? Sure but I don't know. No no no I'm not sure but man it's like it's more like ice cream but boy it is creamy. Oh that chocolate almond fudge frozen custard it done in Bob's though and also at Abbot's and where in the house Abbot's in Pittsburgh. Rochester's got some good stuff they got lilacs and they had that and that's it. That's it and the red wings it's over stadium which used to be red wings stadium. Do you know that I saw the Rochester red wings playing Ottawa? Am I a digital cable to have the night? No I don't know that for about 10 seconds. What do you think of it a watch that to you? If I'm not watching Major League Base but do you think I'm going to watch that? They'll be like my watching reruns of the St. John's Maple Leafs on Leaf TV you know? Although the big league Leafs or at least they used to be to the season but they have a thing where they condense games from the past season for the Leaf fans who need to fix during the summertime when there's no hockey going on they condense the games down to an hour and they take out all the face-offs and the interruptions and the commercials and not the commercials they put and you know what I'm talking about the breaks and they condense the game down to an hour. I just mentioned that for anybody who wants to subscribe to Leaf TV because maybe they're my good buddy John whatever his name is he used to be on CBS what does his name? Rumors buddy John Shannon. Oh maybe I'll give you some leaf tickets a season. I doubt it. Anyway this is a shocking from the Rochester Democrat and Chronicle. They have lived with a secret for more than 30 years and it's starting to leak out in public scored score. The more it does the better says the group of local men who claim that they were molested decades ago by their parish pastor. Oh, I'll first of all from the Roman Catholic Dicis have Rochester are struggling to determine the extended reported misconduct by the Reverend Francis A. To vote as V. O. G. T. This week a diocesan spokesman announced that the Dicis had received two credible complaints of sexual abuse against vote. One lives in 1993 the other this year. He has been retired for two decades. He's now 90 years old and lives in these St. Joseph's comment in Firmary and Pittsburgh. I've had his enjoying that great ice cream. Reportedly frail and unable to be called some events. Oh he's got Ronnie Reagan convenient the lives of Emory disease for the group of men who remains unforgettable. This man took my life away said Bernard Venita is 42 Rochester for which her who recounted votes alleged molestation to the Dicis in May. Venita said the priest repeatedly molested preteen boys for years when he was assigned to St. Bridgetchurch. Let me say again preteen boys. You know what I'm saying? All this is just a gay guy going for young guy. Right. And story after story we're talking a 9 and 10 preteen to me sounds like before early in 13 right? Right. Younger than 13. When he was assigned the same for church as city perched made up largely of immigrant families in the 50s and 70s. For other men also spoke with the Democratic Chronicle on the condition that the name is not be used. This happened 37 years ago and it just doesn't go away. It's a more than a man who's 45 in Rochester. He took away my innocence. The case illustrates not only the life long effects on victims of sex abuse but also the difficulty that I see spaces they try to restore their credibility and the wake of that sex abuse scandal that continues to shake the Catholic church. Rochester diocesan officials believe the allegations they received so far are credible but they're having trouble investigating further because of votes age and the like the time since the lies debuted to diocesan spokesman Michael Tedesco. Tedesco you know what that is? No Ty Herman. German. Ah. He has not really been in a phenomenon that's what that means. He has not been in a position to provide testimony. He's not been able to respond to the allegation to the escrow said the investigation into allegations really one side of because of his health and age. When confronted with this summer with details of the allegations vote told us as officials he couldn't remember and he neither confirmed nor denied the alleged abuse to the escrow said. The need to say it was disappointed by the ICs response to his complaint. They didn't call me back he said I had a continually call them. I feel like I was victimized again and I'm still pissed off that ICs did offer to make counseling cost with the need to turn to slap an a push. A 40 year old Rochester man said he had no intention to go to diocese with his account. Others said they wanted diocese to do more to seek out victims. Tedesco said that ICs was doing the best of can victims of sexual abuse by a priest of any diocese and important have an open invitation to contract the what is it to contact the diocese for counseling you said. But he says another said they believe more than a hundred boys had encounters with both more than a hundred. No one we can't remember. You know what I mean? Yeah probably remembers a couple of them guys. 21 till and one is five sixty we have mad dog Jim Maniture one baby. Got some heavy duty stuff because football now now not only is the summer time over baseball's coming to win in which it may now yeah who cares. Now they got the football going now our sports nerds are really in high gear and we're talking about good. So he'll be on a one hand from a crystal palace. Is thank ever coming back? Oh it looks now on my schedule it looks like he's in the studio tomorrow. Is that correct? According to my schedule also. So maybe I'll run into him. Tom Layman loves Neil Rogers. Listeners that's why he's created the Neil Deal that's going on right now in Hallett. Say big humongous dollars in all Pontiacs and GMC's in stock. Just mention you heard this part on the New Rogers show. Don't be bashful mention my name. They won't throw you out. Stop by Hallett Pontiac GMC at 134 a one-top fixie highway. That's US one across from the falls where every single vehicle on the lot is marked with lowest price but mentioned the Rogers deal and save even more. Check out the complete line of GMC. SUVs including that on-voi loaded by motor trend is the SUV of the year. Plus he's the SPIFI all new VBS UV with the power of a big expensive sports car. Hallett's also got a dependable selection of great pre-owned cars trucks and SUVs and if some of the Neiler in town anywhere turn you down for credit don't worry about it. Forget about it because I'll make it great deal at Hallett. So get you with the Neil Rogers deal right now at Hallett Pontiac GMC 134 a one-top fixie highway. That's prestigious US one-mutter across from the falls open every day of your life seven days a week. For more information you can call them a 305 238 40 40 305 238 40 folks you're going to love doing business with Hallett Pontiac GMC where they say we are professional grades.hta's LA. Ha ha hah ah ha8 ha p le marriage boy Who be quaint? Sports work? I want him to do me He's so smooth and plain Grouchy is way too busy I can't be strange I guess but if he and who He's gay and fine He's a quiver Watching Superman Oh, Tom Welley I'm willing to grab I need 12 I'm willing to make my children Burn that That who will give me a smile Love, love, love Well He may be in small bills But he's not falling at all What? Bain sweet and dreamy A dog From pain I want If free me All of my faith I think just whither Watching Superman And I'm willing I'm willing Tom Welley I'm willing Tom Welley I'm willing To grab But of course, tellers Being grateful, he can't get laid on that show You know when you look back then You got sight, maybe it's a size 13 feet Maybe they're intimidating So when is a new season Start or a small building Somebody already faxed this last week The Ann I already forgot They must have spawn me Subtemper Sometime in September Sometime soon as a matter of fact Anyway, so early when to show We had the facts from the guy Who says if you could have only one of the Following who you pick Tom Welley, Tom Brady, Andy Roddick Charles, Chris Klein Josh Hart did or Miguel from passions I've been thinking about it And I think my response is Surprised me I'm just just rappled up Yeah, when I come home from dinner Night I go out to dinner Come back for the evening and surprise me I'll open the door Which everyone happens to be I'll say, yeah, okay, that's good enough Anyway, former president Bill Clinton This full of regret that the United States did not stop Osama, Yamama, been on before the 911 terrorist attacks He told CNN Tuesday But it's confident about the end result of the US war on terrorism And a wide-ranging interview on Larry King's live CNN Clinton said he's the first thought that day After the second plane hit the road Trade Center was been laddened to this His former advisor Bruce Lindsey Narrated the events to Clinton Who was overseas at the time he said, how can you be sure I said because only been ladden on the Iranians Could set up an effort to do this And the Iranians wouldn't do it Because they have a country and targets Been laddened to it Realizing the al-Qaeda leader was behind the attacks Provely knew all along he said that been ladden his smart And as the resources to carry out his plans But it also showed the world that been ladden must be completely defeated And eradicated Clinton said I thought that my virtual obsession with him was well placed Now his full regretted and get him he said And so are we, Baba President Bush's equally obsessed as he should be Clinton said that in his supported everything he's done in Afghanistan Clinton said he believes there will be future terrorists attacks But things US defenses will also improve Could there be more of course there could be Can we do a better job at defense? Yes we can he be saying And we learned a lot from 911 we have Clinton said So I'm basically very very confident about the long run future of this I just and we have a lot of diligent difficult work to do He said he believes in ladness still alive King ventured his attention to Iraq asking both Clinton and former US Senator Bob Limp Uh, dual I can't say that No that would be wrong Dick who was also on the program of the US should attack I think only if we got not I think if we not really can sell with Congress But have a vote said dual who served in Congress for more than 30 years And then I think I would try the arms inspection one more time But not let Iraq delay in did there in all those things Don't let him did there like he does Clinton agreed with dual that the president should have congressional approval Not simply advice and former president in the KV favors cooperation with US allies And make it a decision he said he supports a new regime to replace that of Sudan I'm a saying what I say Sudan has same that challenge he said will be the like Is surprised this time around if he has chemical and biological agents And I believe he does He'll have no one said have not to use them if he knew he was going to be killed anyway in Deposquint and said he's got a lot of incentive not to use them now because he knows he'll be Toast if he does the question is now whether to attack Iraq but how and under what circumstances Above he's saying so he's not doing the talk show But at least he started out there on Laira king he's making the rounds he's making the rounds you watch I'll watch when they offer him like 80 million and you know I may have a change of heart 100 million okay Court next is Napster purchase a bankruptcy judge yesterday block the sale of Napster to a Burl'sman A. G. Europe's biggest media company killing a deal that might have revived the one's popular song swapping service And their legitimate music sharing network now why would we want to worry about that when everybody's got windmix I mean And many others Huh, do I we don't know anything about that? No, no, what is that WINMX right judge Peter Jay was me the ruling yesterday will maintain teller a lot of stuff going on a Wilmington According to spokes people for both Bertelsman and nasty the AP reported you know Wilmington where they're kind of negatively The ruling came after objections from two recording industry group last week coined a eight in synth and attorney representing the National Music Publist Association A group of record labels and song writers Bertelsman had sought to purchase the remains of the defunct nest and have worked for an additional 8 million bucks after having already sunk 85 million In other redwood city California based company to keep it afloat and after has been offline for more than a year and file for bankruptcy in June And after is disappointed with the bankruptcy court decision not to prove the seller companies assets of Bertelsman Next to CEO Conrad Hilvers and the statement adding that the company will probably be forced to sell off its remaining assets as with most startup technologies Next to technologies of little value without the talented team that created it so it's an occasion of loss on any levels he added a Bertelsman spokesman said the company accepted this is not in the purchase will not foresee How about the purchase of easily broadcasting by intercom huh? Any rumors about that? Not lately anybody flying around the building they say oh gee how why is he talking about that? No, no, well that's good. That means we didn't we're not telling tales out of school or however that saying goes how what's that saying? I'm telling tall tales like Gregor course is famous for telling tall tales short tales just basically lies Well fifty ten till one before the mad dog That comes your way nicely, but I did with that effort. It was a good idea, but you know what it does makes you cough No, no, well it does only because it like open whatever little bit is in those sign of sign as passengers it drains it down into your thing, you know? And there's nothing worse than a congested thing. Hey, I'll tell you where they don't have a congested thing because Jeff Cohen keeps it the real clean all the time And that's the pizza law. So anyway, he was on with us yesterday. Did you know what pity? Let me told me this morning. No, that Jeff Cohen is going to be opening a new pizza locked in Brown. Oh, that. Yeah, I don't like that Thank you very much, PD you little yanta for giving us some very old steel news Pizza locked is fantastic. Jeff's been going strong for like what is it 26 years in town between date and Broward and the knob new one? I think it's what it is, but same time I've been here. And the deal is he's got the pizza law going on University drive between Griffin and 595 stronger than ever with delicious great fresh food gigantic portions teeny tiny prices special just about every night of the week to really cut the price down even more so you and again can enjoy a great meal there night after night after Like the rumors do and they pay by the way And they got combination dinner so you can check out a little bit of this a little bit of that three different kinds of great pizza The garlic rolls are the best in the universe and don't forget coming what do you say a week to 10 days a week to 10 days a week to 10 days the grand opening of the brand new pizza Love which is going to be a real boon for those of us way out there in West Broward knob hill and sunrise in that little shopping plaza right beyond Walgreens right behind where Marcy works She can be looking right out her window there at the drive through prescription drive through and see Jeff Cohen waving and the do what he's doing And by the way put some drapes up in there, okay, because I don't think most people are going to want to see what Jeff's doing in there And who he's doing it with or maybe they will I bring her crowd for take out for delivery for our catering call pizza law for University drive nine five four nine one six eighty eighty nine five four nine one six eighty eight 80 and don't forget come in any day now so the 10 days or maybe sooner the brand new pizza law for stages plantations My Local 405 60 You a yeah Yeah Welcome back to the Mohawadayman to show where we're chuckful as any but good clean family fun You know that pipe smoke and just goes like thanks rapers funny is that funny play in scratch in the buildings is funny too Huh, what what since one is gang rape funny, especially when it's me getting my deep-ergrip That word ad jacket Hey, I'm a furry key I'm an adocork tap it when I talk this is important. They don't know comedy. I'll show them comedy today I brought my collection alum and abletates. Oh, one and abletter you're more on they even name the restaurant after Lump yeah, cluelish muck look at back to that later right now it's time for our transcendent midshow snack Bring the morning mayor his food Oh Here they are my favorite place to die. I go to Boko digging up a very buddy What is it shrimp looks like a donut? sorts of the vain embryos from plant-parenthood in the hood But it's good Try it with the cocktail sauce. Hey, hey beast to play that all as kupa reckon As a little at this me a boy to help they go down the color Hey baby, I really dig that Alice kupa see I'm with it. I'm a hip I'm a hip stovier These folks only know what was good Yeah, that's a more sense than here when you're about it this Thanks, Mo All right, oh we got the meat head mad dog coming up at one followed by that fat jewel right after the quay and the spik Right for your ass 1256 at 5.60 WQAM Man accused of raping two runs killing once being a raping fun. It's not funny. Did we ever say it was funny? I don't think so Police of charge man in the sling of an unhu was attacked as you recited the rosary Want on a walk with another none both women were sexually assaulted police said this is an claim of false org on Sister Helen Chaskift 53 became the first homicide victim in claim of county this year when she was killed by walking on a bike pass It's every midnight Sunday the second victim was treated a hospital and released next in Miliano Celario as sparsa 32 Was charged with aggravated murder kidnapping assaults saw to me sexual abuse and possession and delivery of a controlled substance It was being held without bail of claim of county jail a district attorney at Caleb said as sparsa had just left the only stripped joint and claim It falls before he attacked a woman He then came down there random them attacked and beat them severely to weaken them and then proceeded to secretly assault both of them And we believe stride a lot of them Caleb said Prosecutors said they plan to seek the death penalty the nuns both of W. Washington and members of the order of the immaculate heart of Mary and More in claim it falls doing missionary work Oh, there's so many lines for the stir by moving right along. They are a traditionalist orthodox Catholic by faith and Honophilia with the Roman Catholic Church in a phone conversation with the Oregonian These surviving nuns since he's been finding covered in prayer We don't understand why that was happened, but it's all his plan whatever his reason will know an eternity It's so hard for us on earth to fathom these things. He said it was very hard Like I said lot of lines for the story, but better, you know because rape is not funny. What are you in sensitive? That's right Speaking of incentive and speaking of a crappy attitude You know, he's a good one to be talking about that when he and the mad dog and everybody else on our now I don't know what Hank is said about the issue, but probably the same thing though in all of our sports nerd guys pretty much seeing the same song about certain things And as far as being sexist pigs, they're all pretty much in the same category. Oh Yeah, we don't want no women in our custody Yeah, I agree the women's groups are pain in the ass, but that's not the issue There are a lot of militant groups of very minority that are pain in the ass. That's not the issue And it's also not the issue of well, so if they let him in there what are they gonna do? Who the hell cares? That's not the point Maybe Rosa Parks never wrote on that bus again. Okay, maybe that was just one time just this one time I'll write on the front of this bus. Then I'm gonna take a cab, you know Probably a good idea too Rosa You know what I'm saying? I heard you are a poll question today which the resolve of course is totally Egregious and grotesque and disgusting Whatever that means so I got gust of national before so admit women know what's your private club 164 now? We know a lot of those books look 252 votes many bogus bogus Probably mad dog and the more voting together on this as they were going over notes for so what is the Sunday that often game? You're asking me well somebody in there must know Nope Nobody knows nobody knows that's good that excellent that means we got no a professional sports there's a miss crowd Anyway, one not 66 know what's a private club I don't care golf is crap. That's an excellent vote by the way 123 and yesterday discriminating where she courses the right answer only 68 including my vote And I'll say it again if they if they're beloved tiger woods Five years ago if he would have been back made made the scene back at that time Would he have been allowed in Augusta no chance because Billy Bob Johnson wherever that bread next name was he wouldn't let him in there We don't know a lot of those spooks in here 12 years ago they finally under tremendous direction pressure allowed to have one black eye in there And that's the only reason Tiger woods is in there and of course Tiger Hank understand up for women He's too busy you know spending all his billions of dollars pilot crab So the bottom line of the whole deal is all you women out there. I hate to break the news to you But all that all the old cliches about you know women are good in a kitchen in a bedroom That's basically it, you know, and I'll let's go out for the boys get a few beers and go to the ball game. Is that basically what it's all about? All right, and especially on QAM Bye bye, bye My country we have no need girls. We will return to regular programming momentarily on wqam.com until then Here's the best of sports radio fudge