Now! Now the Neil Roger show on 560 W2AM. It's Friday, you bastard. Hi there. Dothered by those pesky religious fanatics. Excuse me, have you made peace for the ultimate Supreme Beast? Leave it on! Yes, you could try blowing them up. Hard mason, but did you know that you're a moral soul isn't dangerous? But think of the mess, not to mention those legal fees. That's why we at Lingham Labs have developed Jehovah's Way. The clean simple way to rid yourself of those annoying acolytes. Jesus, let me this, I know for the Bible. Knock it off! Chew, where are we? What are we doing here? Oh man, I got to get a life! Let me to! Yes, Jehovah's Way. Proven's safe and effective. And for those annoying encounters at the airport, it's new travel size Jehovah's Way. Oh, they're clear, uh, here's that green shot. Oh, oh, we're gonna get these stupid clothes and with, and where's my hair? My hair! Yes, Jehovah's Way. A little spray that keeps fanatics away. Look for it in the pest control section of your local hardware store. And I certainly will, and by the way, Happy birthday to Feral Rimmer. It was a birthday yesterday, but of course, somebody didn't bother telling me that until last night's was a little bit too light. Happy birthday Feral. I hate wishing people birthday that day after and things like that. It would be like my call, my mother on Monday, say Happy Mother's Day. Oh, by the way, Happy Mother's Day, Ma. What am I given my mother this year? My best wish is. What are you giving your mother, George? A card and a ride to a family function. A card? Boy, that's pretty wide here. Yeah, it's hard to find cards for her. For a bitch like that. Yeah, they don't. Yeah, they don't. Oh, this is space expulsion. That's why I played that bit to start today in case, in quarry mines wanted to know. As a pillar of his church, this isn't Louisville, Kentucky, is that Louisville, is some might say, some a literate, and assholes would say, as a pillar of his church, William Bowen said, no relation to Joe, said in judgment of fellow Jehovah's Witnesses who went as stray. On a few occasions, Bowen supported the ultimate punishment expulsion from the tight knit religious group. But now the lifelong Jehovah's Witness away, as judgment himself from fellow members of the faith, the 44 year old former church elders, among four Jehovah's Witnesses threatened with extomunication or disfellowship as the non-monish can cause it. You know, disfellow? No, not that one. For sowing discord in the faith by speaking out against the churches, handling evaligations of child molestation. Bowen complains that child sex allegations are generally not reported due to secular authorities by the Jehovah's Witnesses because of the church's closed nature and its insistence on handling problems internally. The Jehovah's Witnesses, shun outside world and many respects have refused to bear arms, salute to flag or participate in secular government. They also refuse blood transfusions. I don't know they refused to salute to flag, do you know that? Yes, I did. I did it to Jehovah's Witnesses. I did it to help with that. Screw that. Screw that. On patriotic schmucks? Absolutely. Oh, sorry. We apologize to our Jehovah's Witnesses and the audience. No, no. Bowen is to appear to the before a judicial committee at his church in Draftonville, Kentucky, a small town in far western Kentucky, KY. To others, Carl and Barbara Pendello, Belmarno, Jersey, had their hearing this week in a waiting of the decision. Barbara Anderson of Normandy, Tennessee also has been sent to a peer before a committee. Anderson said she learned about the churches handling of abuse cases while she worked at its headquarters in New York City. Like Bowen, the Pandellus, say the real motivation is to silence them within the denomination, which claims about six million members worldwide, including about a million in the US. The silence, in other words, we don't want to err our journey, Lon. We let's take care of ourselves and do not go to the police. Okay, whatever you do, don't go to the police. By the way, we don't really have to wait for that press conference. His guilty said there at the end. It's Rick Dudley is going to be the new general manager of the Florida Panthers and that's pretty good news. Oh, bye bye Chuck, flutcher. Loser. Maybe Rick Dudley can come to South Florida, at least the other coast and build a tremendous juggernaut like he didn't tamp. That's right. The Florida Panthers have fired interim general manager Chuck flutcher and replaced him with former Tampa Bay lighting general manager Rick Dudley. How about that blow job by the Kennedy N's last night that he have? Here I'm here. I'm dreaming of a Toronto Montreal Eastern Conference final. And of course, ABC, the merceness were so crap in her pants over that. Oh, boy, if they got some big matchups coming out, you got out of the 14's left in Eastern Conference, three are Canadian and then you got Carolina. Oh, my God. So don't give me a song to the answer about how bad the ratings are going to be because they're going to be miniscule. Now that's miniscule is the crowd with that baseball game. My SNAP, I'll get to that. Flutcher took over the GM's position from Bill Tory on December 3rd from Mr. Boatai. Dudley was also GM of the Ottawa Senators previous to be hired by the Lightning on June 8th, 1999. And there it is. Bye bye, Chuck Letcher. Well, I attended this. She'll be in a lot of churning and moning and groaning. But you just wait the youngsters in the organization. They're going to come through for you. Aren't they? No. So speaking of that tremendous crowd last night, the first place South Florida baseball team I can't remember what the name was, but anyway, 5,461 at sea of box score attendance, which is always inflated considerably. Because it includes all 4,000 of their season attendees, so probably 3,4,000 their last night as the first place South Florida team continue to a 4 game winning streak. And nobody cares. See this radio station. I'm not just talking about anybody in particular, all of them. Let's face it. Get serious. But it's just an ongoing thing. And I understand that during the long, long between the end of hockey and basketball and the start of football, you got to have something to talk about. Nobody cares. Nobody knows the trouble we've seen. And you had the Dodgers who in town this weekend. There will be some Dodgers fans going to see that. But I have a feeling they'll never crack 20,000 for any of the three games. How about Miguel? You go into the Dodgers games or maybe you have pop? Probably my dad. Yeah. Yeah, probably pop is going because the tickets are free. They can the parking pass. Did we ever get to parking passes by the way? Yes. Yes. All right. Like I said, the tickets are free and the parking passes are free. And I bet you they just give out free tickets all season long. They make some fans in there. They get some people in some asses in the seats. And you could bring your dogs every day. Not just once in a while. You dog, you're peri keep maybe a cockatoo in honor of a Robert Blake. Are poor yesterday. Who would you like most to pull the switch on? Oh, look at that. I closed it out before I printed out before the final result. 980 votes. OJ 407. A runaway winner, which we knew he was going to be. Andre Yates, so did very respectfully. Well, 175. Susan Smith, you might think they'd forget Susan, but do they forget her? No, she done well. She's third with 137 followed by John Walker, Lynn and Father Gagan are in the tie. In fact, I think they're a match made in heaven. 73 of peace. Father Shanley's right on their ass. So to speak 71, Luke held her the mailbox bomber. Good old Luke Skywalker held her. He's only got 34. They've had, you know, they haven't learned to hate him yet. He just want to make a funny face. And in fact, if you see him, I think he already has a funny face. Panelists, smart seven that bitch in New England, who got those three kids to kill, Hubby and Robert Blake's only got a pair. Well, first of all, Robert Blake number one has been convicted of anything. That's first. And secondly, I think most of the mealotty said we have out there. They agree that he did a good deed. And George is still working on that trophy. Somebody faxes me something just incredibly disturbing this morning, but I, but only a little piece. If you're going to fax us some information, please don't send us like little bits and pieces. So we have to do like a puzzle on this. It's an ad obviously for one of the local rags. It's as Angela's back for a second. I thought it's an Angela's black, but we already know that. Angela Ray returns to South Florida. Oh, look for her very special report. Five, six, any, 11. I guess we could assume it's on channel four because that's where she was before doing her. And maybe not, you know, maybe she's just going to be doing stuff. Maybe she's still in New York, but this is somebody we don't know about. Maybe somebody will fax us the rest of this story, so we know where to help she's going to be. So everybody can avoid it at all costs. I almost forgot about our thing yesterday with a brow chamber. Commer, someone's forgotten. Terrible about that. Did you ever get the information about that? No, I did not. Well, why not? Because I'm lazy and a space could. Well, I'll tell you, you know, it's really too bad because Greg and George bond at yesterday. And have kissed and made up into the little fisting all the way up to their armpit. And I'm starting to think that maybe he had a point. I think what we ought to do is get everybody on their ass. The brow chamber, comers, which yesterday in Kissy, missed a grotesque story. Not only welcomed in his members, but also is like doing a big fundraiser tomorrow for the homeless voice in the Anxious Sean Canone. I don't think we would just want to let this slip through our fingers, do we? No, I'm going to get it during the next break. Oh, right. Well, there's no hurry. We got a long time. We got four hours today. Here's our, oh, and by the way, there was a great special last night on a channel that we have done here on up here wherever the hell I am on digital cable called a sex channel of all things. And it was about the Catholic Church. And since it's already Friday, and some of you on Sunday are going to be going again because you've been conditioned to doing it and you used to doing it. It's habit just like putting on your goddamn clothing every morning and taking a dump. Since the mid 1960s, 110,000 priest worldwide have left the priesthood to get married. 110,000, that just since the mid 60s worldwide. And then they were talking a great length about the churches sick attitudes about sex and the fact that which we already know this, but when you say it, you realize that almost nobody pays any attention to how ludicrous it is, how can you keep subsidizing and supporting being part of such a sick twisted organization? I don't understand it. But if you say that, you have to be a good person. But if you say that, you have to be a good person. But if you say that, you have to be a good person. But if you say that, you have to be a good person. But if you say that, you have to be a good person. But if you say that, you have to be a good person. But if you say that, you have to be a good person. But if you say that, you have to be a good person. But if you say that, you have to be a good person. But if you say that, you have to be a good person. But if you say that, you have to be a good person. But if you say that, you have to be a good person. But if you say that, you have to be a good person. But if you say that, you have to be a good person. But if you say that, you have to be a good person. But if you say that, you have to be a good person. But if you say that, you have to be a good person. But if you say that, you have to be a good person. But if you say that, you have to be a good person. But if you say that, you have to be a good person. But if you say that, you have to be a good person. But if you say that, you have to be a good person. But if you say that, you have to be a good person. But if you say that, you have to be a good person. But if you say that, you have to be a good person. But if you say that, you have to be a good person. But if you say that, you have to be a good person. But if you say that, you have to be a good person. But if you say that, you have to be a good person. But if you say that, you have to be a good person. But if you say that, you have to be a good person. But if you say that, you have to be a good person. But if you say that, you have to be a good person. But if you say that, you have to be a good person. But if you say that, you have to be a good person. But if you say that, you have to be a good person. But if you say that, you have to be a good person. But if you say that, you have to be a good person. But if you say that, you have to be a good person. But if you say that, you have to be a good person. But if you say that, you have to be a good person. But if you say that, you have to be a good person. But if you say that, you have to be a good person. But if you say that, you have to be a good person. But if you say that, you have to be a good person. But if you say that, you have to be a good person. But if you say that, you have to be a good person. But if you say that, you have to be a good person. But if you say that, you have to be a good person. But if you say that, you have to be a good person. But if you say that, you have to be a good person. But if you say that, you have to be a good person. Jesus. Jesus. I like a city yesterday. I'm in Burst to admit that I live there. Twenty-five-six-six-two. W.M. on a great Friday. Boyce, beautiful here today, man. Sonny going to be 58. It's great. Oh! Mother's Day. This is our last opportunity. Today to give you these messages. Because Mother's Day is Day after tomorrow. It's this Sunday. And you still have time, though. This year, more than ever, show Mommy, love and appreciate her. By setting her something great, something neat, something nifty, a Vermont teddy bear. Your mom, wife, or grandma will receive a beautiful, beautiful day. A little bear made in Vermont, and delivered with a free card and candy in a fun gift box. Just call a bear consulered 1-800-829 bear, and they'll help you take a rare bear just for her, so she'll know you put some real thought into your gift this year. When you call, ask about the new Spama bear, or the Mama's Boy, with a heart-shaped tattoo. And Dad's on your dad's out there. Don't forget every year it's your job to get a gift from the kids for Mom, and the mother and Cubset is a perfect idea. You can add as many Cubs as needed with their little names on little outfits. A lot more personal and sending those flowers, which are beautiful for a little while. And then they're wilt and dead, just like us. So call 1-8, did I say then they're wilt? They're wilt. Remember wilt? He was the father of our country. So call 1-800-829 bear or shop online at Vermont teddy bear.com, and it takes a few minutes to order, and don't forget you can even send a bear to the office if you like, but I think that's probably a bad idea now, because it's probably too late. Give her a gift this month, and they shall remember forever from the Vermont teddy bear company. It's not too late to do this, because if you call today, it'll be there in plenty of time from other days Sunday. Call 1-800-829 bear. That's 1-800-829-B-E-A-R, be sure and tell them that's... ...the... Fort Lauderdale. No portion of this program may be reproduced about the express script. No, no. B-Q-A-M, B-Z-B-R-Cascue, being incorporated. You're talking about bank County. On the... A new film from MPHP pictures. Dance is with Crack-Tiers, the urban sequel. My name is Dunbar. John Dunbar. The fourth? Oh yeah, right. A M-M-C-D-F-J-M-N-D-Z-B-C-L-M-O-D. The Rock-D-L-M-O-M-A. Dances with Crack-Tiers. John Dunbar, the fourth, goes looking for the ghetto. I mean, what you doing down here? Anyway, white, boy. What a happy deck. You sleep the Y-S-S-O-A-S-S-O. What he finds is the ghetto within himself. You guys want to come into my brownstone? We could wrap over a couple of espresso and coffee. Oh, ain't nobody's in that, man. Hey, baby, why don't you toss some of this? Dance is with Crack-Tiers. For MPHP pictures, coming to theaters every birthday. 917 at 5.60, WQM-Happy Friday, today. Let's see. Here's the fact that says, Neil today's my 43rd birthday. I was born in Boston, Massachusetts. I'm going to work right now. How about a birthday? Oh! Thanks Paul. There you go, Paul. Happy birthday to you. Don't bug us again. Okay, wait till next year. Well, I get up this morning. I go on the internet. The first two of the first things that I see are about the same good close personal friend of ours. And I did not ask you this yesterday. It was just yesterday. I'm a fat Jew. Good old-ow gold stain. Fat Jew pornographer. Who's probably going to have one leg amputated very soon if you don't stop eating that ice cream. Anyway, I asked yesterday, Georgia, we heard any more about his sensing. Come to fight out his sensing was yesterday. And I wish we had TV for about 10 seconds. So you could see. So you could see this picture of L in this striped outfit that he's got with a cane. Oh, this is how do you describe this? L gold stain is in court and in pain. And I've got not just one but two great articles about this. First one from the Daily News that's got that beautiful picture about it. By Nancy Ketz, porn mogul gets time and fall sick. Unrepeat and smut salt and L gold stain was rushed to a hospital with chest pains yesterday. After a judge sentenced him to 60 days in jail for harassing a former secretary with ex-rated phone calls and letters. Goldstein convicted in February of six counts of misdemeanor harassment came to court yesterday wearing a striped prison suit, but he exchanged to get up for a conservative navy blue blazer and a vote for a goldstein t-shirt before he was sentenced by Brooklyn Criminal Court Judge Danny, Chen, Chen. He faced up to two years behind bars. I believe the statute under which I was convicted was absurd goldstein told Chen, and it's just a case of a criminal. He was sentenced to a criminal's crime. He was sentenced to a criminal's crime. But Chen would have not of a telling goldstein that going after an individual harassing making phone calls threats and putting fear into that person, that is not protected speech. Prosecutors said goldstein victimized Jennifer Lzinski by calling her names on his cable TV show, putting her home address in his magazine and making phone threats. Lzinski 29 quit her job after an argument with goldstein. Assistant District Attorney David Settronz saw the year behind bars for goldstein. He said goldstein showed no remorse for his actions. Goldstein's lawyer, Charles Dissteffano said the jail term was a death sentence for goldstein, who suffers from diabetes, anemia hypertension and sleep apnea. Goldstein and handcuffs was taken off. School on Island College Hospital after falling ill. Why am I laughing about that? Could it's funny? It is. It's funny. If you know, it's funny. Lzinski's attorney Arthur E. Dallas said his client is just looking to move forward and hoping he's learned his lesson. You think Alzgan learned his lesson? No. Now the New York Post has gotten even more interesting, one written by Andrea Pizer, and the headlines says, God help me but free this guy. Nice going Andrea. New York Post has got some of the best comments. They're great. She says, I know I'm going to pay for this big time, but here goes, free ale. Al Goldstein was in a hallway of the Brooklyn Courthouse yesterday morning fully engaged in the thing he does best. I want to have a child with you, Goldstein said with a visciviousness of a vehicle on Viagra, sliding his bulky frame against that of a tiny female court officer. She laughed after all this woman was armed. Minutes later Goldstein brought his stick to a less appreciative audience, Judge Daniel Chun sends the cartoonish founding father of Low-Rent Porn to 60 days in jail. Oh, hey! The case is not about the first amendment said Chun dismiss a Goldstein's contention that he had a right to harass a former assistant by raging at the woman on the phone on his public access cable show and in his genitalie obsessed magazine screw. Now Goldstein joins the other menace to polite society, leaving ex-Satubis Chairman Alfred Talman who also was sentenced to a jail cell, don't we all feel safer? In a well-trafficked hallway asked prosecutors of Goldstein had harassed them as he had his assistant to the pages of screw, while Goldstein called for terrorist defliplanes in the offices of the Brooklyn D.A. Charles Hines, he also dubbed lead prosecutor David Sutford, a skinny little effort which for Goldstein is practically a compliment. It's said from a fray-worthy press charges, now he told me this is what I do for a living. Goldstein argues that being obnoxious is what he does for a living. The irony is the attention is good for a screw-way relic of simpler times. I wonder what Al right about me this time. His last screen got lost at the newsstand along with the Polish Dailys, the Polish Dailys and the New York Sun. There's one way to shut up, shut him up for sure, free Al right and we are pizzer in the New York Post today. Let's go and Andrea. So I can only assume that the middle of July Al will be there knocking on everybody's door and Amsterdam, because it's a lot of middle of May, two months in jail, assuming he survives of course. And keep in mind they've taken away his passport. So no question the moment that he gets out he'll be on it plain. This is a great, this keeps me in touch. I know there were people who were very concerned about being doing a show for several months out of town. I'm not going to lose touch with what's going on down there. Right little Tommy, hit there right. Little Tommy, jika. By the way, I mentioned that George and Greg had a really good bonding. I mentioned that, I should mention again. Yesterday they kissed and made up, so keep in mind George. Greg, hate you. Make no mistake about it. In fact, he probably put on a happy face for it, just like Luke. But anyway, here's a letter to the editor on page 8B in the hero today that somebody facts to us, which I'm very appreciative of this. If I maybe want to get Perry ready for a little encore. Pining for oldies writes Marty Monroe, Be Harbor Island, who probably just celebrated 140th birthday. He writes, Ray Lee Gouldsmith's complaint, No classical here may 8th letter about no more classical music on local radio. This is another and a long list of such complaints. While I hardly agree with these folks, my question is, Where are all the similar lamentations about the complete lack of my favorite brand of music? What is now called big band or easy listening or oldies? And no, I don't refer to early rock songs as oldies. See, the girl thought he was talking about magic? No, you get it now? Got it. See, here we go. This is an oldie. Come on, Marty. Good job. Good job. Go round round round as a skim's alone. Oh, wait a minute. This is a pair of two teams and others. That's obviously damaged. That's more than the oldie. How are you? You know, the rubber hands in the FBI spy sentence, the life and prison we know that. That's old news. Anyway, get peri on here again. Sorry. I thought it was something important. It just CNN killed some more time, restating the obvious. We, by the way, if you're worried about Perry, he's still dead. He ain't coming back. He died anyway. Marty goes on to say, I mean, real oldies like Perry, Como, Tony, Martin, Eddie, Fisher, Rosemary, Clooney, Patty, Paige, Benny Goodman, Glenn Miller, Montevani, etc. Montevani. Where is any local states that has that kind of music anymore? I would say probably out of business, Marty. All you have here now is rock, rock, more rock and Latin music. God, dammit. This is what we want right here. We want our music, there's ranched. So, yes, let us have another WTMI, but yes, let us also have some real oldies music and set of all that noise that passes for music in Miami today. Right's old, Marty Monroe in Bay Harbor Island. I love it. Crank that up. Crank that up a little bit. I love it. I'm busy voting on my poll right now. Okay. I'll give you 85 guesses what I'm voting on there. It's in the lead. You want to see 50,000 responses on that poll this weekend. Okay. This town needs a little bit of a kick in the ass. Every once in a while, it'll be a few months. The audience needs a kick in the ass. 5,461 at PP Park. That's alleged in the box store 3,4,000 people there. Don't you understand? Nooo, but he cares. Like Harvey Pack would say. Is he dead, Harvey Pack? I don't know if he that is. He did the racing show from Belmont from New York. Oh Harvey. Ah, don't know who he is. Harvey Pack. Somebody will know, Harvey Pack's dead will live. 26 votes on there already. I think we're going to give a lot of votes on this poll this weekend. I sure hope so. Because the word on the street is that, um, we don't know. That's the word on the street. Nobody knows the trouble we've seen. 17 people say that this priest's sex abuse scandal has reinforced their belief that it's all a bunch of sick crap. 17 out of 26 say that. That's like 65. That's like two thirds almost. Extremely negatively four. Not at all three and somewhat negatively two. So so far it's not looking to good for the religions out there. Chris, we have a lot of heat. Listen to the show. Thank God. Thank goodness. Thank you. Good. Right for that. I think that's a lot of people are going to be very nervous. You can believe whatever you want. I'm a big believer in that. But, but I think that those of us who have enough intelligence, which doesn't require a lot and enough balls to say it, need to keep harping on it over and over and over and over again. Because anything as sick as this, the idea that any kind of sexual activity other than try to make babies is a mortal sin. And a lot of you are going to go Sunday and continue promoting and departs dissipating and enriching the coffers of this crap. What's wrong with you people? Are you absolutely crazy? Are you out of your mind? God. And I don't mean that, but they don't pay any attention when they just go on and they continue. I don't understand that. Or just because a few bad priests got in there. Doesn't mean that it's wrong. Yeah, right. Now, I'm not, but I'm not even talking about that now. I'm just talking about the tenets, the principles of the goddamn church if they have any. The whole concept of this so-called religion. And by the way, the show I saw last night they pointed out that up until a thousand years ago. The first thousand years of the church, there was no such thing as celibacy, but then they discovered that if they invented the celibacy thing, the priest didn't have any families or any relatives. And therefore they wouldn't have any way to leave all their possessions to. And the church was really destitute for cash and money and the property, it's a real time. So here's a good way to at least scan some stuff off the priests. That was the only reason for it, not because celibacy made anybody a whole year or more pure, etc. And so on, it was just some cockamy thing was like a fundraiser. 926, it's 560, WQM, let me tell you about a mattress, is a matter of fact, you know something? I didn't notice the difference, because I have a great dollar mattress mattress in my home and here I got to be honest with you. Of course there's a lot of stress lately at that radio station. A little bit better this morning, but I've had like some back, which I never have back problems. It's one thing even with my fat and all of that, a little bit of back discomfort. Because I'm not sleeping on my great mattress from dollar mattress that I have in a house. If you want to surduce, celious, and the king coil, the best mattresses in the world, an unbeatable everyday low price. These are the people you want to be calm, just make sense. And I got news for a lot of people underestimate the importance of the mattress you sleep your ass on, because believe me it's got a lot to do with your back and your health all the way around. So if you have a call to dial a mattress at 1-800 mattress, that's all you'll have to do. You'll talk for a few minutes, so I bet in consultant, they'll hook you up with exactly the mattress you're looking for, no bait and swish, and I'll live right to your door when you want. 7 days a week, any two hour window that you pick out when it's convenient for you when you're going to be home, that one they feel like showing up. Between like 11 and 1, or noon and 2, or 1 and 3, and 2 and 4, and 3 and 5 and 4 and 6, etc. And so on, and they also give you that 30 day in home comfort trial. Let's sleep on it to check out if this is the one it's good for you, and you're waking up every day feeling refreshed and lovely. Pick up the phone and call them right now. They'll be there in no time and I'll call 1-800 mattress, do your back and yourself a big favor. 1-800-MATT-R-E-S, or check them out on that wicked world. Kradn69, the New. Including your Eric and hotel accommodator, platform 11 to 1 and Ph.J.,s in Pemper rapid. Hey ya, Russia F*** you You I 33.56. Hey, they got out of that damn church already. Let's hear that. Huh? I think he's kind of willy t-rives early in 1990. Sign assurances that the priest of Reverend Thomas R. Schwinn, the relation to Joe Schwinn, would be sent away, psychiatric center that treat sexual disorders. Instead, she said the priest was transferred from St. Amberosto another parish, what a concept. And she was invited to confess her sins and was offered a $5,000 settlement on the condition she not press charges and not speak about the incident. I think they call that hush money last time I checked. The material by Cardinal Killer was, if not, is devastating as the actual sexual assault even maybe more so because I trusted the church at Monhand 53, who left a religious order in 1984 in a studying theology at Catholic Theological Union in Chicago. The allegation which was aired in one of 25 news conferences across the U.S. and Canada organized by the survivors network for those of you by priests is the first to involve the Baltimore Archdiocese in the priest's ex-husband. And on it goes. By the way, let's promote that show that I was also asking about and I found this in the a herald today. Glenn Garvin, do we know who Glenn Garvin is? Nope. I'm going to thought that our close personal friend Bill Watts' name. Kevin Vaxter. Bill Bixby, I would have thought that he would have written this on the people page but it was Glenn Garvin who has been like some new guff ball. He writes, war of the talking heads. If you thought conservative chatterers met, drugs and Bill or Riley were tough on Bill Clinton man, listen what they're saying about each other. All week, drugs has been saying on his website that or Riley is engaging in talk, Ola, ribbing big market radio stations with payments of hundreds of thousands of dollars to carry his new show on Wednesday while he fired back big time. There was no other cure than to kill Maddra, Jorale observed on Don I'm a sophisticated radio show and event that proved unmanageable, or Riley continued drugs should be thrown in the slamer. How do you like that line? It sounds familiar like something we heard on this station a few days ago. He really says no other cure than to kill Maddra, Jorale said. I just want to tell everybody that Maddra, Maddra, just smoking crack right now in South Miami Beach, I'm Washington Avenue in the authorities should know what he said. Reported drugs on his website yesterday, more or Riley lies, drugs who lives in Miami Beach City was in London, not smoking crack, but he added he's got an open mind for a couple hundred thousand, I heck I'd even carry a Riley radio he said. By the way, Orian, here comes the part that we've been looking for because I'm always out to try to promote his best I can give him a shot. Even though it comes up against us in that new hour. That's okay. Riley show which they viewed this week can be heard on WFTL aka the Lightball. Fourteen under the AM in the Miami Fort Lauderdale area and WDGA 800 in Palm Beach County. Information it says which the people column regrettably was not offered hundreds of thousands of dollars to carry rice, Glenn Garvin. Very cute, Glenn. And thanks for the info. Lightball. And of course, I don't know if they're carrying a live at noon, I would assume so. Come on give us all the info, Glenn. Don't be like Tom Jika. Don't give us like little bits and pieces of information or then get the frequency wrong and stuff like that. All these blends got 1400 which is correct for the Lightball. I bet you he's under before info you think so. I don't even know what Tom Jika shows on. I think a tree I believe. Oh, somebody will let us know. Somebody will force us. Yeah, let's get those fans. What is it? Four. Well, but if this guy's on from noon to something he's on before him, maybe not directly before him, but he beyond before. I don't know how long the Oralis show is I think three hours or whatever it is. And then of course we know about Janet we know gun into a little bit of a fender bin. We all know that. But thank you very much. No big deal. Okay, we're ready to pick up truck. Let me say it again. Janet we know is like a death wish for the Democratic Party in Florida and all this stuff about Jeff Bush didn't do this and he didn't do that and the Schwarz is hate him and is that that's all true. But the fact is that the Democratic Party's got a death wish. And I don't care how many Hollywood celebrities come there. Now how many are screaming queens come out there to well, you know, put on a big dog and pony show and support Janet. She hasn't got a Chinaman's chance of beating Jeff Bush or anybody else for that matter could I be wrong about that? You don't come wrong? No, I don't know. And got no chance. 57 votes on our poll so far already in just a few minutes. Like I said, I want to see record breaking totals on this survey over the weekend. I want this guy damn time to get off their ass just because it's 100 degrees in the shade and we're in those dog days that in South Florida's like May and June and July and August and all the way until at least after labor day. Man. See, and that's another thing that I keep talking about this baseball dementia that they got down there. There's nobody there now. Once pass over in East to where gone half the town clears out. Can you blame anybody in their right mind? No. If they have an alternative a choice for not sweltering their brains out in the heat and humidity and just suffocating and choking out in their be-day, I can't blame them. Well, look how nice it is outside my window. How's it look outside your window? I bet you can't even see anything, can you? I can't see. Shit. That's because we don't have a window there. I got a beautiful window right here and it's sunny and blue skies gonna be close to 60 today and yesterday even after all the rain and crap and thunderstorms that you heard on the air for clock all of a sudden like magic. I just looked up in the sky and I said, oh God. Once this to end right now and it did and the sun came out and it got went up to like 22 Celsius which is 72 and it was beautiful. It was a beautiful thing and I breeze. Boy. 64 votes on that survey already. How was the pre-sexy scandal affected your attitudes toward religion? 40, 62 and a half percent say, reinforce my- I see changed the wording on this. Reinforce my heath and bastard belief that it's all a bunch of sick crap. 40 say that. Now why did you do that, Eric? You heath and bastard prick. Extremely negatively 11. Not at all seven and someone negatively six. So only 10, let's see, about 11 percent, 7 people out of 64. 11 percent say not at all and 89 percent say, not good, not good, nice good. I won't get to the Pat Robertson stuff. Thanks for our facts to me Sean. Hollywood, I got a great story about Pat Robertson to sell his horse racing interest because the flock was starting to get a little bit upset about that. You don't think they thought he was a hypocrite by a chance to do a little pat. We wouldn't be saying that. 20, before 10 is 5, 60, WQM, hey, you think it'll paint your home or business? Don't paint protect your investment with liquid ceramic. Liquid ceramic the technology board in NASA's space program is now available in South Florida that's a good news for you. Liquid ceramic is the most advanced exterior interior and roof coating available, because you two can have the very same high-tech ceramic technology that shields the space shuttle. Protecting your home or your building and you'll never have to paint again. Let me say it again. Liquid ceramic's guaranteed for as long as you own your home or building, you'll never have to paint again. Forget about doing that, repeating your few years. It goes look what ceramic won't fade at won't peel its guaranteed. The state of the art coating contains an R24 insulation equivalency helping you bring those electric bills down too. Liquid ceramics viable in over 1800 different colors. It's as here available. Check out Liquid Ceramic today called 305-34751-22. Are we speaking in short hand now? It'd be available in over 1800 different colors. Check them out at 305-34751-22. Liquid Ceramic's been manufactured in Seoul for over 40 years and the good news for use is now. It's available right there in South Florida. Call 305-34751-22. That's 305-34751-22. Or visit them on the net at liquidceramic.tv and be sure to tell them that old Neil told you. It's a great honor to be here. I'm going to tell you about the new new sources to create a groundbreaking new children's television show, Mr. Osborn's neighborhood. It's a wonderful day, Mr. Old Old Neighbor. Hey, Mom's Dad's, won't your kid be Mr. Osborn's neighbor? Hello, boys and girls. Okay. I'm like a gift comfortable but I'll be snagged. I'm not gonna go for it. I'm gonna go for it. What are you doing? Shut up! Every afternoon, Mr. Osborn teaches your youngsters exciting new words. I'll do it with the bear. I'm a f***er of bear food. Okay. Today's word is f***er. Okay, it's one syllable. See, he's a matured and a user of all the time. I just say it with me. Here we go. F***er. Good. Your kids will be going off the rails on a learning train. Every time they watch Mr. Osborn's neighborhood. Okay, we're gonna visit the land with my family. Let's face it and anything can happen. Hell, I might even buy the head off a Mr. Bailey. Mr. Osborn's neighborhood. If you were living here, you'd say it's a f***er neighborhood. Boy, you talk about a turnaround. Here's to go to came from being like in most circles. Considered a scumbag in low life and responsible for every abword things that kids do like, crap in their pants. And now all of a sudden even the El Presidente is a hero with everybody. That's here for Aussie, baby. I'm sure George watches that you're religiously. Absolutely. 944 at 560 WQIM. So here's a letter, a facts, rather. A letter that was facts. From Sean and Holly Wood who says 2-Denetic tune in the 700 Club for a few chuckles. They were doing a sad story about a poor unemployed single mother who said she was down and out. She was living out of sun's leftover. She was in such bad shape. But then she saw a show on the 700 Club and tithing. Yes, she saw the thing about tithing. She sent $200 to crazy pet and all her prayers were answered. These conscious challenge scumbags won't rest to leave taking every scent from even the poor. Absolutely correct. They should take patchy reform on all the child molesting priests and streptan into the electric pew and use the power from CBN's transmitted afriomal. PS, remember jury, fall while railing against the atheist, Christaiders, Gaze and Lizbins etc. I cover under my bed every night fearing and attack from all the atheist, Gaze Lizbins and Jewish terrorist groups. Have you noticed the only American terrorist are fundamentalist Christians. A.K.A. Furbish and agroyam. Very good, Sean. And speaking of Pat Robertson. Sean's a psychic powers must be kicking in because here's this story on CNN.com today. Religious broadcaster Pat Robertson will sell his sizable horse racing interest because some of his followers objected to his involvement in a sport driven by gambling. Oh, hey! Robertson was involved in thermo-d Racing with first detail by the New York Times and we had that on what about a week or two ago? Yes. Said in letter that he will sell his interest in a sport-final vemper when a nearly two-week sale of breeding stock is held at Kielin in Lexington, Kentucky. I'm sorry that my finest for the performance of equine athletes has caused you an offense, he wrote in, in a reply said this week to followers who had written to say they disobeyed his involvement in horse racing. In the letter Robertson wrote that the competition among horses in part of every society that starts unlike Billy Bibbett there for a second. Wow, I'm good tongue-ty thinking about pat at the track. He said that competition among horses has been part of every society that owned them and that is a child who used to race his horses against others over the country roads are rolling pastures. Oh, can't you see those pictures now in your head? Very frankly, now this brought any sense of embarrassment to me because I felt that I feel now. There's nothing wrong with contest of skill either between human athletes or equine athletes who wrote. However he concluded, for your sake and the sake of others like you, he'll dispose of all his horse racing interests. Post-hased. Or just in time for post-time Robertson declined to interview with the Associated Press. Well even he's like mom, which is very unusual for him because he usually like ketchup and mouth with a drooling idiot look on his posts. He wants to be a buffered pro so he'll do whatever he has to do is an angel wands. That's what two else by the way. Angel wands spokesman for the Christian broadcasting network in Virginia Beach, Virginia. She said yesterday the whole thing's for Roberts' personal investments and not affiliated with the network he founded. The value of the whole thing was not immediately available but included two year old cold purchase last year for 520,000 bucks the time said the horse was named Mr. Pat after Robertson. Nothing's got an ego or anything like that you understand. Because religious people are not supposed to have big egos. Just like talk show host, that's my model when you come into your show, check your ego at the door. Or speaking of cash, Boston Hero reports today, Arch Dicees Aboston officials are because these are the people claiming they got poor mouth and they can't come up with a money to pay off all these claims. Arch Dicees Aboston officials are sitting on $31 million in unfettered assets at their TV station. A pot of gold they've got their iron is they scramble for funds to pay sexual abuse victims claims official confirmed. The Boston Catholic Television Nest egg is from investments made through viewer donations to the 24-hour cable station that broadcast masses and rosaries, Papal addresses religious movies, talk shows, and Devi and Goliath cartoon reruns. Alright, let's see that. David Smith, Chancellor of the Arch Dicees said it would be irresponsible to not explore all funding options and let a Bernard Law's promised not to use Sunday collections to pay the multimillion dollar claims to hundreds of victims. I've asked VCT director Muncinger Paul Beam Neckon or any of what his plans are for the money smith said, There's a pot of money out there and not to talk about it would be irresponsible and God forbid if the church should be irresponsible. You know what I'm saying? They sure wouldn't want to do that. The VCT V assets have been independent of the Arch Dicees until last year when the station was combined with the pilot, the Arch Dicees newspaper under the umbrella of Boston Catholic Communications Inc. Tax-free. Laws the President of VCCI inackering in his close confinant was installed as director following the death of long-time station director Muncinger Francis McFarland. McFarland, who was called father Frank by his legions of followers, built much of the assets VTV has 100% from viewer donations. The money's given through donations be questioned sales of religious tapes. Viewers love father Frank and donated him in a station generously over the years had one long-time VCT V employee, father Frank would roll over in his grave if he knew that the station he'd do up over the years would be used financially to cover the mistakes of the Arch Dicees and they'd pedophile monsters. According to reports obtained by the Boston Herald VCT VTV had just on under $31 million in assets at the end of fiscal year 2000, the latest available of that amount just 28,000 was restricted by donors for a specific purpose, but the remainder can be used however the board of directors be chosen. In other words, pay these poor bastards already okay? It's not making excuses and stop re-nigging on the deals that you keep making. They keep re-nigging. Can I say that? I don't think so. Still too early in the day to be seen stuff like that. 98 votes on that poll already. How is the pre-sexybuse scandal affected your attitude toward religion? 66, that's 2-thirds, a little over 2-thirds of this audience say. It's just changing again. Like I said, 99. 67, say it's reinforced my heath and bastard belief it's all a bunch of sick crap and you are. That's the right untarget. You got your thumb on it okay? But it's a mortal sin so get your thumb off. Extremely negatively 16, not at all, 8 that's only 8% and somewhat negatively another 8% So we're talking like 92% have one eyebrow up in the air and they're wondering what to do with the other one at this point because they're so pissed off and fired up. Nicholas Christoff writes in the New York Times today and I think whoever facts this to me because I missed it. To understand why America's war on terrorism is beginning to sputter, infiltrate the Bush administration's Vaccav at the intersection of intelligence, way and cryptological court. No, I'm not making this up he says. I put a navy base here in Washington. This is the brand new homeland defense center from much America will respond to anthrax, smallpox, nuclear attack, multiple hijackings and other shoes still to drop. Tom Rage has chest puffed out with pride showed off the command center on Wednesday to a group of reporters. You had to feel sorry for him for it was a color coded moment. Standing in front of 450 inch, plasma television screens Mr. Rage hailed these superclassive capabilities of the SCIF, sensitive compartmented information facility. Unfortunately, while the TV system allows simultaneous video conferencing with the White House situation room in the CIA, the huge plasma screens were devoted to television broadcasts, one of them was showing divorce court. The command center is symptomatic of something broader after an excellent start, the war on terrorism is floundering. It's not just that Osama Yamama bin Laden and the anthrax killers remain at large, rather it's that despite the buzz of activity such as doffing our shoes and airports, we as a nation can't seem to get ahead of the curve and avoiding the next catastrophe by taking steps such as controlling loose nukes, learning how to decontaminate enter anthrax attacks, examining checked baggage, checking shipping containers and reducing the risk from states like Iraq or North Korea. Perhaps the loss of momentum is inevitable with the passage of time, and it's true that we're registering progress in all these areas just not fast enough. The upshot is that we lose our fingernail clippers when we board planes, but somebody could still detonate a dirty bomb in New York City and devastate the nation's economy or send out a hundred anthrax letters around the country and closed down the nation's postal system. American seem fueled by the comm since 9-11. Oh, that's the, sorry, bad facts by the way, very weak. American seem lolled by the comm since 9-11 by the new security measures in place, but remember that al-Qaeda typically spaces it to tax a year or more a part. And that's where the effectiveness of a new security measure, all these measures I was sobered by my last major trip. My host hotel in Sudan gave me a farewell gift of a pocket knife, and since I had only carry on bags, I assumed someone would find it confiscated. I still deny for some care, and although I went through several international airports, my carry on bag was x-rayed each time, nobody found the knife, nobody found the knife. The Afghan campaign was truly a triumph, and Mr. Borges had passed other recent presidents and gathering smart and experienced advisors in security matters, but he refuses to send a small number of troops for a security force to sustain peace in Afghanistan, and thus the entire investment of lives in efforts could be lost. Is there any explanation other than inertia? To account for the United States maintaining 47,000 troops in Japan, despite the lack of any threat there are except perhaps from extraterrestrials, yet refusing to provide a few thousand troops to keep the swamp drain in Afghanistan? Then there's Iraq. The president's faded to engage the Arabes' really conflict earlier as made it much less likely that it can out-sautom Hussein anytime soon. On the domestic front, let's start by giving Mr. Ranger real job. Let's pull out his gag and allow him to speak to Congress. The White House is only belatedly realizing that the homeland defense structure needs to be revised to give him the cloud of the average Washington Major D. Mr. Ridge was so thrilled showing off his new command center which a bureaucratic flow chart hopefully explained can facilitate meetings among NSC, LNO, the DOJ, USBF, the DOT-FRA. Then it felt sureless to question him. He insisted he was getting cooperation for the agencies to staff the deshr Mark with names like CIA and DEA, it would have been more plausible if the staplers and scissors on those empty desks had been taken out of their packing. He kept repeating how he would be able to monitor this and monitor that, great but I wish that instead of monitoring the next crisis we were doing more to prevent it from happening. We asked Mr. Ridge if he was frustrated with his position. I'm not authorized to be frustrated he said, GAMELY, NO, BUT WE ARE. It says Nicholas Christoff in the York Times today. Oh, thanks for the facts. We'd copy but nevertheless it's best we can do. Students protest blackface incident. Syracuse New York. About 65 Syracuse University students stage a silent sit-in to the schools administration building for three and a half hours. In a protest over a fraternity member appearing in blackface at a campus bar. Oh, how do you like that? That's enough to make me crack out what the T-Ribs you don't put a better not do that. Huh, you think? Why not? I just played it yesterday. I'll play something maybe tarby, maybe. Students who at Wednesday would chance to lure Kenneth Shaw presented a list of 12 demands including this suspension of SIGMA Alpha Epsilon and its members from campus and immediate expulsion of a student who appeared in blackface. Now, what does that mean? He's going to be expelled from parent and blackface. It was good enough for Al Jolson. Why isn't it good enough for this kid? Shaw said the university would decide on the student status today and on the fraternity status by Sunday the same day as its commencement. The university did not release students identity. The university spokesman Kevin Moro said the fraternity member and representatives of the fraternity met Wednesday with Syracuse's judicial affairs office. Clearly, the young man could have shown better judgment as choice of costume and could have shown more sensitivity Moro said. A member of SIGMA Alpha Epsilon reportedly went to Darwin's bar Tuesday night with black makeup on his face arms and neck. It was with other fraternity brothers dressed in different costumes who were bar hopping in the campus business district and he was supposed to be Tiger Woods. Well, what's wrong with that? Do you have any problem with that? With blackface and all of those guests? Yes, no. Right. 9.56. 5.60 WQM. I mean, how he's gotten real quiet now all of a sudden since he and Greg Bond the S today and put on a big, fully dog and pony show. I bet you they were like fist in and wrist in and their wrist. This is where fine and all kinds of directions. Yeah, who you guys can. Hey, hey, each other. But anyway. Well, at least Greg hates you. We don't want to say that you hate him because that would get you right back where you started again. We don't want to do that. And to go through all that, angst of the last two weeks, all this baby crap at WQM. I love everybody. I don't want to tell you that summertime is already here even in May, but the fact of the matter is it is hot as hathies out there, man. It's brutal. Oliomit is one product you can take to help you feed your best and keep you in good health even in south Florida's humidity and heat and sweltering awful crap. Oliomit is a soft yellow capsule that contains pharmaceutical grade olive oil along with vitamins and minerals and rubles to promote healthier prostate. For your heart, your blood pressure and cholesterol, Oliomit's got supplements to promote healthy acirclerosis, immune digestive and endocrine system, your skin and bones even your mind, all using the benefits of the best olive oil on the face of this globe. And don't forget, like I keep telling you, Oliomit's got products for man and for your ladies out there, they've got a whole line of products as well. Oliomit is available all over town. It's becoming more popular by the second. That's what George tells me. You can pick some up at Walgreens, Whole Food Markets, Liberal Pharmacy and Sinanos. If you want to get more info on these products, how they work and what they be doing, just call them toll free and ask your questions, acts away. Call 1-866-Oliomit. That's 1-866-O-L-E-O-M-E-D, or you can order their products right off their website, which is... The Days of May! Quint-Guarded in a Harley-Davidson! Can you tell me a while you're show on 5-6-D's only QA and Miami Quint-Guarded in a hotel? And that's a cup of yoken! Can you tell me a while you're show on 5-6-D's only QA and Miami Quint-Guarded in a hotel? And you'll know where it was, and it turned off, and it's very hard to find a car to do. You can't take the chance for the wedding, but you're really wrong. This car's so far, the phone. In the swing of 90-10, like the string before you have another piece. You heard a rumor, Los Angeles fell in love with time, I remember also where. The night that Quint-Guarded in Brown, all the phones were ringing in the night that Quint-Guarded in Brown. All the people were saving me, night night, so confused. Made some dead that helped an all-new. Over if it rattles a dangerous down, we should live in our TV. Have a child aware of this blue dance reality. How is Wagen? If we'll go to clown, have a hand in pregnant, nothing commonly known. We're pretty now after it's claimed when the King heard the combination for some of the same. The night that Quint-Guarded in Brown, all the phones were ringing in the night that Quint-Guarded in Brown. It's water singing, your beautiful room, for maybe for now dance, you get your part too. Is he dumb or what, huh? He's a beauty. Ten years ago, then Vice President Dan Quint-Guarded a firestorm of controversy when he criticized Murphy Brown, the powerful intelligence character in any anonymous sitcom, for having a child out of wedlock and without any father in a picture whatsoever. On a office in President Bush, the first one had been a station made way for Quint-Guarded in January 1993, Quint-Guarded a scene and wolf blitzkrieg yesterday about his decade-old comments in his continuing efforts to promote family values. Wait till you hear these comments. Dan Quill, we made a lot of progress on the issue I tried to address in his speech, and the issue was not single mother who the issue was absence of fathers. As you recall, in that famous soundbite that's run over and over again, I've talked about mocking the importance of fathers. And that's what I really didn't like about the show there was no father. For your father, for your father, the message is that fathers do not be involved, fathers can just be irresponsible, fathers can go ahead and have chilling, but they don't have to raise the children. Now, look at back 10 years later, we've had a lot of fatherhood initiatives that has sprung up. I think one, the National Fatherhood Institute, both George W. Bush now goes spoke to it within the last few years. The Midian Man March you had here in Washington, D.C. even though I find Lewis Ferrican to be a dangerous and violent individual in his rhetoric. What they were talking about in that March was values for the man making them better husbands, better fathers, better community leaders, more involved in the neighborhood. These are the types of things we ought to talk about. I didn't know Murphy Brown was black, did you? No, no, no, I'm a checked. Well, blitzkrieg asked if you could redo that, those sentences you said 10 years ago would you rephrase them? Quill says, I don't think I'd rephrase it. You've got to realize that the speech was about a 35 to 40 minutes speech. The subject was the poverty of values that break down in the family. If in fact you don't finish high school to get married before 20, you have children before 20. You have an 80% chance of living in poverty. It says, Danny Boy. I was trying to put out as a challenge to families and to all people. If you stay in school, get married, went into your after 20, start having children. You have less than a 5% chance of living in poverty. Now the sound bite was an 8 second deal in a 40 minute speech. What I find interesting, I'm going to address this at the National Press Club, with the way the print media treated it versus the electronic media. The print media, the Washington Post, was a lead story. The New York Times was above the full, but Murphy Brown was in paragraph 10. With the electronic media that had this meltdown, perhaps they felt I was attacking one of their own or whatever the cause may be, but in any event it became a firestorm. Blitzkrieg asks, do you have any problems with the current sitcom friends? The real, the character Rachel is about to have a baby. She's unmarried. There is a father though in that program. Danny Quill says, we have one half the battle. The fact is if TV's been a portrait someone having a child out of wedlock, at least they're going to have the father involved and that's a very important step. I just assume they do not do this. But the fact that the father is there is very responsible and a very positive message. But let me say this. You take that character in friends Jennifer Aniston in her life. She's very happily married to Brad Pitt. The same thing with Candace Vergan for that matter. At that time 10 years ago she was very happily married to her husband and had a long time wonderful family. Some of these folks portray things on television that tended to track traditional values, but they practiced traditional values in their own personal lives. Maybe the motto is, do as I do not as I act because they have an entirely different lifestyle at home than what they portray on TV. Hey Danny Boy, they're just TV shows. Okay, asshole. Like I keep trying to tell people about this. It's just a radio show. It was just a television show sweetheart. Next thing you know, he'll wonder how come a George Reeves kept jumping out of the off-top buildings, you know? Because he never did it at home. What a schmuck. What up, Puts? How is it that we've come, you know, and I want to really start it when? With Eisenhower. Oh, like that. He had a lot of interest. He had a lot of me. This was a man who was so in our tickets to be embarrassing, but everybody loved to pat him on his balls, but because he was a war hero. And America loves our war heroes. We loved Patton and General MacArthur even with his clumsy exit by demand. But the fact is America loves their war hero. So that's why he became president. At least even to land even bigger balls, but he didn't have a Chinatmins chance. Plus he was divorced. Oh, we're not gonna let no god else divorced. Catholics had nervous breakdown with a start it with Eisenhower. In fact, you know something I think of Avianin started before that, started with Truman. Not that Truman wasn't a good president mind, you of course he didn't look those damps, but nevertheless they had a cover. We don't demand articulate leaders. We got like more and more, like a bunch of bumbling idiots. And as you go through time out, from Truman right till the present time, take a look at some of these people we've had. And some of the people that have put themselves up running for pop public orifice, like Jewelieberman for example. Who the hell is he kidding? Ahhhhhhhhhh. Who is the whinyest of the mall boys and girls? Didn't I used to sing that on the Mickey Mouse Club? Who's the whinyest of the mall, J.E.W. Beba and Jewelieberman? In fact, that would be an excellent, that would be a great pole to say that. Who's got a better chance of winning even a fixed election, General Reno or Jewelieberman? I think neither would you above. I think it would be a dead heat for last. If there's a way to do that. We like having a dead heat for last and a tour's race. Speaking of family values, are Kelly Denys' sex allegations and what I don't understand, I don't really like his music. It's not my kind of music. But, and I'm sure, I'm sure not sticking up with him if he had sex with a 14 year old girl and take down a video. But, how come the Michael Jackson thing? I mean granted he's a persona non-grant in many places now. But nevertheless, like what NBC had that thing last Sunday that I was screaming on about and had no response on? How come he's anybody would even buy his record? How come NBC had to show that tip of Michael Jackson? With all the other stuff NBC's had on the last 75 years. What possessed him to put his ugly ass on the air? There's a commission. They're not a child molesting ass. Like the Illuminati. They make these decisions like we're supposed to accept them. Well, I don't accept it. Need to do one. I'm nauseated by Michael Jackson. He makes my skin crawl. He's a freaking piece of crap. Yeah. So people, I guess, are still supposed to buy his albums, which are not exactly doing in droves, but nevertheless, he still isn't. He still isn't reviled publicly. I guess because we're not supposed to talk about it in public, you know? I mean, I see a great parallel there between that and the sex abuse scandal with a church, right? The only difference being that at least his payoffs were big fat juicy checks. Not just like $5,000 to that sister in Baltimore over the hill, it was. Our NBC superstar, our Kelly, who's been accused of having sex with an underage girl on video tapes that have circulated across the country. You see them yet? No. Well, get with it. I feel out of time. I think this is going to be bigger than Brad Pitt and Rob Low. In fact, I would imagine probably his bigger than Brad Pitt. I don't know about Rob Low, did we actually see his penis in that video? Yes, we did, and it was enormous. Rob Low? Rob Low? Who'd have thought that? Head in enormous penis? Like a baby's arm holding an apple. I'll be damn like two course beer cans tied together. Wow. Anyway, R&B superstar, our Kelly has been accused of having sex with an underage girl on video tapes that have circulated across the country. But George hasn't seen yet, he wants to see him badly. I've done a lot of things wrong in my life, but I'm not a criminal. I'm not a monster. The 33 year old said during a tape interview on BET tonight with Ed Gordon. That's a black entertainment network, by the way. We don't have a white entertainment television, but we do have black entertainment television for some strange reason. The Grammy-winning singer whose full name is Robert Kelly, is known for inspirational hits such as I believe I can fly, but also R&B ones like Fielanon Yobudi. And what's wrong with Fielanon Yobudi? R&B. Is that R&B or what? No. I see this country man. They got to put that in here because it's CNN. It's R&B because it says booty in it. I don't get it. Well, yeah, what do they think of that? Well, they think of Porr. Afro-sheen man. It wouldn't like that crazy rap. He has kept a low profile. We're talking about our Kelly, not Afro-man. Since he was accused of having sex with a 14-year-old girl and taping it on video. Video tapes, purportedly showing Kelly having sex with a girl along with other women have been sold on city streets across the nation. Also on the internet, the person on the tapes bears a striking resemblance to the singer. It's either him or Anna Kornakova. People in Chicago were Kelly lives either investigating the allegations police. Did I say people? Well, people police are people? Police? In addition, Kelly's also settled two lawsuits brought by women who accused him of having sex with him when they were minors. Documents also shown that Kelly was murdered late singer Alia. His former protege when she was just 15, the marriage was later renaled. How come it was good enough for jury-le Lewis but not good enough for our Kelly? Not that I'm standing up for him, but how come that was okay? I think it was a different time. I see. What do you mean by that? I don't know. That was like, for a year ago. Well, with a laws dip. In other words, you're saying we're not making progress. In fact, we're not making progress. And don't we make allowances for Southern trash? Isn't that nice? We start with Bonnie Lee again. I see. Okay, yeah, it's expected. Why not? A third lawsuit was filed recently by Chicago woman accused Kelly of impregnating her when she was a teenager and forced her to have an abortion. Hey, let's listen if it was good enough for the president. Why is it not good enough for our Kelly? Kelly, the madder's father, the a married father of two young children told Courtney, said, a first-to-law, said, a vice-a-vlogger told him wasn't worth his time to fight them. While he acknowledges knowing that too women, he said he had no personal or professional relationships with them. He said the allegations in third lawsuit were false and he said he was not the person featured on the video. While he had not seen the tapes, he said, I can say in all confidence, it's not me because I didn't be doing it. I want to wear it. I can't know. You can't believe everything you hear in nowadays. You can't believe everything you see. He'd be saying, however, the singer alluded to other problems in his life and said he's working with a pastor to help make himself a better person. How do you like that? A pastor. Gordon also asked Kelly about his marriage to Aliya, the perinitially denied it, but later refused to discuss it. Initially they denied it, later refused to discuss it. Kelly also taught, we declined to talk about it in the interview. It has nothing to do with this, everything it's fair to say and think about Aliya. In other words, he ain't talking about it. I wonder what Dan Quail would think of that, huh? Probably not too happy about all of those developments. Well, they wouldn't have made in man March didn't get the message across to our Kelly. And I still say Michael Jackson much bigger scumbag than our Kelly will ever dream of being. I could be wrong about that and both of them not even close to Father Shanley. At least he never abused a chimp. Our Kelly, 1013 at 560 and the thing about the chimp memory, he bubbles. I got rid of it, it got too old. That's right. Yeah, got too old. Not cute though, but I'll bring me in like a little baby chimp. Hey, Tom Leeman doesn't care what's going on all that because he's too busy selling cars over. Leave a halaponex GMC and he loves the people listen to the show because he loves this show to make a long story short. That's why he created the Neil Rogers deal at halaponex, which is going on right now as I speak. Save even extra more than usual and all Pontiacs and GMC's in stock. Just be sure and tell Tom and the people down there that you heard about this on the Neil Rogers show. Stop by halaponex GMC 134 on one South Thixie Highway on US one right across from the most prestigious falls where every vehicle is marked with lowest price every day. But now you can see even more with the Neil Rogers deal going on. Check out the complete line of GMC SUVs, including the Onvoy, voted by Motor Trend as SUV of the year plus be sure and check out the all new vibe SUV. It's got the power of a sports car at a fraction of the price and of course when you go down there, you can mention it. You heard about it on the Neil Rogers show or Mike Winnery show. He don't care either one he likes his boat. Halaponex also got a great selection of pre-owned cars trucks in SUVs and if you've been turned off for credit to some other bum for a car dealer, don't worry because it halaponex. They'll get you a deal somehow even if that could get the money from George. Get yourself a Neil Rogers deal at Halaponex GMC 134 on South Thixie Highway on US one right across from the falls open every day of your life. Seven days a week for more info call 305-238-4040. That's 305-238-4040 and Halaponex GMC where they always say and we have no idea why. We are number one. We are number one. A little bit of sports video 5.50 a week. It's Friday you passed in. It's the most talked about video the year. Roblo direct stars and performs in. No. The critics are raving. Jesus says it blows. Roger Ebert says it sucks. Mary Hart says it was hard to swallow. Well when Philanzky says what's the big deal? Mind what's 13. You after says this one's loaded with entertainment. Gene Schalitz says this one fires no blank. No. Roblo. Films in central around in spread of vision. No. No. Roblo is coming. In your living room with the spasmata release of his direct coil debut. No. No. We're in PG 13. It's mid that 16. Can you take voice on Roblo's got a humongous penis, huh? Yes. Hello. We've been to. No. I wasn't saying anything. Okay. I was just thinking. Leave it to you. Here's what it says. It was there. We got a profile. He was like right up in front of the camera with it. Yeah. And there was this gigantic. It was probably a stunt penis. Anyway. I'm not doing any more plugs for the new Craig Warden. Charmary did that. Okay. And the fact that he put alnight on it with him shows that Craig is totally lost. His mind and his never going to learn his lesson. But anyway. Good luck. Where did you get that from? It was just facts to me along with this other stuff that's being facts from Norma Kent. Not from you. We see I get facts from other people. I'm not bragging about that because believe me, it's getting really ponderous. Okay. Especially this crap. I'm going to read this just to show you the kind of crap I have to contend with. When you're dealing with your agents in overgrown baby who still want things that he's in his childhood and still are just needing to play for the Dodgers. You know, which I'm sure will be out there to see those ball games this week. Grow up already. Normal. And I don't want to hear any more about alnight around this other people. And I'm just biting my tongue anyway. He writes in the effect and the express news, Fag paper. And of course, we don't say that word on his show. See, I better get with it. It says soft floor to team. It's got the name of the team, which we don't put on his show because it's a joke. It's a joke. You know what this reminds me? It's like the Catholic Church. How many times can you get stung? How many times can you get stabbed in a back before you finally say? That's not for me. Obviously, the answer is in the case of the baseball team, not too many because nobody's showing up. And there's no reason for belly aching about it. There's no interest. Why don't you ask holes? Get the message. There is no freaking interest, okay? It started in 1997 after they won a World Series and before the goddamn celebration was over. There was ball the on camera saying, well, you know, unless they build a new stadium, we can't afford this and we can't afford it. But by the end, of course, that was the beginning of the end of that very short-lived romance. Between the community and its baseball team, which of course even in the playoffs that year, they have games that they didn't sell out. There's no interest. It's a hot ass deep South town, okay? Tampa will be the same thing. Tampa, they couldn't even agree on a goddamn name of the team. There's such a bunch of Yahoo's over there. They had a nervous breakdown because it was the devil race and all day, a born again, the lunatic's over there. We're shaking their spears about that, so they had to start calm the race instead of the devil race. Just to appease the lunatic's over there. Hey, I hate to break the news to you, but baseball is boring, boring with a capital B, V-O-R-I-N-G. I don't care which team is in first place. I don't give a crap how many games in a row they want. It is Pandris Man, it is boring. It's like listening to paint dry. It's like listening to what what's his name do the games on our station? What else is his name again? What a bad airpiece. They've been horny. God, they've been boring, just I mean. And you know, the sad part of it is I heard because I, you know, I got the a feed up here. And I was doing some work there with playing that was that last Thursday when they had the day game. And I came in. I opened a pot for a little bit to see what the score was. And there was a great defensive player that they made. And he actually made a great call. It was very exciting and he was very animated and I thought, if you would, if you would do the game like that all the time, especially when there was something really exciting going on, you'd be good. The guy's got the ability to be good, but he's just like, I don't know, maybe spend too much time there on Trio. Maybe a too much smoke meet over there. I don't know what his problem was. They've been boring. But I think he fits right in because it's a boring sport. I mean, I used to like it as a kid. I loved it. I went to a Brazilian games. I've been to stadiums all over the country. But the fact of the matter is, it's evolved into something very pondress, especially when it's so watered down and you've got 700 teams. And I like to speak in a Tampa Bay. Take a look in the standings. As of yesterday, morning, they were 14 and a half games behind. And they've only played like 32 or 33 games. They're 14 and a half games behind a red socks. It's only like the 10th of May. And they're already almost mathematically eliminated if you catch my drift. So what, what's the point? Just to make a bunch of people a whole bunch of money, that's all. It's not entertaining. It's terminal. It's ponderous. Sonoma can't write. So South Florida team win between the lines and get sold out in the front office. Wait, wait till you hear this. Even though you're not interested, Miss, you must listen to this crap. I'm listening. Yesterday, one day after getting a tie for first place in the eastern division of the National League, South Florida team competing for the Major League baseball championship, you're a fewer fans to their stadium than a college team in Coral Gables. What are freaking disgracey says? The difference being a course-norm is that the college team and Coral Gables plays exciting baseball. And people care about that. People live in the Gables because they got nothing else to do anyway, except call the cops because somebody's got a guy named used car in their driveway. Now, wait till you hear this. On that same day, the entertaining afternoon talk show host at local sport, the entertaining afternoon talk show host at local radio sports station. Hey, Goldberg. Oh. Listen, Hank doesn't need you to suck his ass, okay, Norm? And I'm sure doesn't want any part of that. Brought on as a guest, the baseball communist for the local mainstream daily newspaper, Mike Burdino, the son, Sentinel. The two of them should have spent most of their time discussing the talented squad of athletes who are driving this team to its first pennil race since 1997. Instead, the paramotor show was whether or not the best hit or cliff-flower to be traded for a race put in me for the All-Star break, but a freaking disgrace. So now, not always to give Hank like a backhand a compliment. Then he's telling him what he ought to be talking about. Norm, you're not going back on the air, sweetheart. Okay. Oh, God. And on the guy, like I said, what a friend of the disgrace you're on. I'm not being arrested. But just, why is he wasting my fast paper with his crap? Stop faction, okay, Norm? And by the way, your response since he's got me worked up into a frenzy, your response to Tuesday morning's episode was so a little temperate and so unacceptable to me that there are no words to describe it. That was one of the low moments in the history of broadcasting, and your, because he was on his way to the ballgame, he had to go see the hot, red hot San Diego Padres played a local baseball team. I mean, let's, you know, let's get our priority straight, which I actually had to call him. He didn't call me, I had to call him to a comment about that in tempered bizarre grotesque happening on his radio station. So you keep going to your ballgames, Norm. You keep living like in your childhood. God, the stuff that I'm saddled with, man, not that I'm complaining you understand it's a beautiful day here in Paradise. Or here's Jeff Heiz neighbor David again, who's ultra chronic, ultra chronic. It says, why do mad dog and Hank have gifts or tickets to Christie's in Burton Jackson? You have one for me. No, I don't have one for you or anybody, David. It says, love you always since the early 80s, former bag void publics. Well, David, good luck to you sweetheart. And of course in the 80s, it's a long time ago. It's probably old and ugly by now. And he factures me this long, long thing. Burch up a little David, then oh, look at how many pages of 13 pages Jesus Christ. Why are you doing this to me? It's big print though. No, why are you doing this? I thought I was going to have another talk with Greg about you. Do you think I really care about this, Kaka? What percentage of the population is gay? I thought it was important. It's not important. You're never going to know what that percentage is. Oh, look at this, pretty interesting. How about 13 freaking pages? Oh, God. This is freaking pondress. I was wrong. I could take to get the tape together, the enorm counting again. A norm. Don't send me any more facts is okay because you get in pondress and nobody cares. Write about something important. Write about something significant. Okay. And quit cry, baby, and about the fact that nobody cares about your goddamn ball club. Nobody cares. It's finished. It's history. Boy, think of those days I went out there to pee pee park and sat there sweltering and just waiting for something exciting to happen which never did. Listening to a bunch of idiots talking crap who didn't even understand the rules of the game. Why don't you get the message? You'll have that in my life. I've never met such a bunch of hard asses as those so-called South Florida baseball fans who just don't understand that they're a teeny, teeny tiny little minority and arrested the people don't give a crap even those of us who used to care. We don't care anymore. You can only slap people on the face so many times even if you have like marginal intelligence and I cute bigger than your thumb. And then finally you say, I'll find better things to watch you to do and live my life. Okay. God, look at Harry Care. Even he checked out. He couldn't handle it anymore. Did we ever find out what happened to Steve Stone? No, see, why did you let me know what happened to Steve Stone? Okay, one of our people in the norm. Like if he's still alive and what's going on with him. Something important is that affects me all this crap about sucking up the very entertaining Hank Goldberg. Hank Don't eat you sucking his butt. Okay. And then turn it around and slap him in the face about what he ought to be talking about. I'm getting the headache just thinking about this man. Hey, Mother's Day is this Sunday. You're the gift to comfort by treating your mom or wife or both to a comfort of the pair of shoes at new balance. All three new balance stores in Miami have insurance book. I've got a fantastic, unbeatable selection on athletic footwear and a pair of old family. Summer's coming too. So you and a kids elite comfortable shoes, but mom needs good shoes too. So the only place to go drag over to new balance. New balance stores carry hard to fit sizes as well. So if you got a very narrow foot or a wide one, new balance will hook you up with some great comfortable shoes. New balance, four words always recommended by podiatrist to and they're known for cushion comfort and durability. Like of walking shoes that I'm wearing. Are you wearing your new balance shoes by the way? No, I'm wearing boots unfortunately. What a schmuck. I'm wearing mine. I'm not wearing any. I got no socks on either. I mean, my shorts. No shirt. The staff in new balance knows I thought it would wear like nobody else. And they still measure it the old fashion way. Even Rob Lowe would be impressed. They measure the width and the length just to make sure you get a perfect fifth of your foot every time. New balance stores in three locations. Of course, when you got a size 14 foot, you can only begin to imagine, you know three locations for you. New balance stores. My name is Pinecrase. They're on the second floor of the avanchero mall. That's in avanchero. And the town center in Voker, check about at newbalancemami.com. Don't forget this on these mothers days so this weekend drag mommy to new balance for a great new pair of comfortable. 32 We take a free on sports video 560. You a.m. Look it and spit it. You a.m. Another bride. A beauty queen. They all agree that. They are so mean. They all agree that. They won't forget it. They're dating Tyson. They're saying it was not for you. Then to all three. They've always had problems. What do they see? It's all depressing. Nothing wrong to you. They're dating Tyson. They're on the way. I'm like wither your mommy. Why do you have this way? We all love the evening. It's funny. We'll let leave you and jam to stay. Here's to an laundry. And dropping some. But in a prison. They're all all the ball. They're all all the ball. They're dating Tyson. 1030s. 560. They're just a crap out of underlining. They're on the operative. They're on the show. They're on the show. They're on the show. They're on the show. They're on the show. The 13 pages are the only studies that are done. It's meaningless because people lie. Don't you understand? People are not going to give you an honest answer. And it's even goes on by country. And all the other horse crab bull crab. Denmark. 3.8% of males are homosexual. Well, I guess there must be a lot of horny guys in Denmark. USA. This is ridiculous. Anyway, so let's change the pool. Because this one we've already got the outcome on this one. It's not even close. The pool question we were asking this morning. How is the priest sex abuse scandal affected your attitudes to a religion? Needless to say in this crowd, especially 65% say, reinforce my heath and bastard belief it's all about a sick crab. 115 out of 177. 65%. 13% say extremely negatively. It's impacted their views about religion. That's 23 people. Only 20. 11% say not at all. 18. So 89 to 11%. Say take your religion and shove it. Release their getting really sick of the crab. Enough of the sucking. Which I think fits right here. Don't you think. Enough of the sucking. So speak of that. We're going to change it to a pool that we haven't done in a very long time. Because this thing on here is. And our polls are totally anonymous. That the people are going to answer honestly. Anyway. Which as Eric you think listening or see busy involved in one shit. It's all at least brunch time riveted. He's what? He always listens when he can't. How do you know that? Oh, you're always so full of crap boy. You're always tummy he's too busy with those other 700 websites. He don't have time for this man busy busy busy busy busy busy. He's like Ron Popeel he's busy busy busy busy. Well let me tell you right now Mr. Hot Shot put down at Goddam Eggplant Parmesan. Oh, that's an improvement. I'd like some eggplant parmesan. I know that I mentioned that. Eggplant. You don't like eggplant? No. Slimey. I thought it was like a stick food. Don't spit see a lot of eggplant? No. No, that's right. It's Tannins. Melan sauna. Tannins all day. Well let's face it. Who's food is better huh? The Italians are the Spix. You wouldn't know. No way. Who wouldn't know? You wouldn't know. No, you wouldn't know because you never been to Spain. Like three dog night would say you never been to Spain. I'm not talking about South Florida cuba food. I'm talking about real Spix. Oh, like a Mediterranean by the Lona. Indeed. I wouldn't know. Spanish food is really bad. I mean really good but bad Spanish food because their food is bad. At the Columbia restaurant in Sarasota. 1973 had a little good sangria though. Man, do I love sangria? God. Used to drink it by the gallon. Those were the good days. Maybe when I weighed 266. When I baked, I popped up there a little bit. I put it to those stories about eating a whole box of hamburger helper. And Washington down with one or two cans of Hawaiian punch with sugar. You know, you take a pound of ground beef. You cook it up and then you put in your hamburger helper. You throw in your meatballs, your sausages. And you take your real fruity Hawaiian punch. God. And pour that into it too. I think the deal of it is unless you have a full-length mirror. That's the problem. That's when you start getting really carried away and like, I'm working up when you don't have to see it. Anyway, can I get to this pool place before you start with all this spix-defensely crap? Which are you exclusively heterosexual, exclusively homosexual, bisexual or desperate and horny? See, I like given at least one of the choice that they don't have to take so serious. Because a lot of people don't want to answer this anyway. And a lot of fags are going to say, oh, I'm exclusive. Am I heterosexual? As a matter of fact, yeah, I wasn't going to even mention this, but since this came up, I was going to talk all this fag talk that you keep trying to push on to show, because this is not a fag show, but nevertheless, between you and Norma Kent, I don't know which one is worse. But yesterday I'm walking outside and coming into the building, is he young guy and his girlfriend or wife or whatever? I think wife, because they both had wedding rings on and this, he was a very good-looking young guy by like the early 20s. There you go, but I was 20 year old to get the only wish in this case. He was, but he was like, I swear to you, I mean, believe me, he was the light as a feather. You thought of what I'm saying? Yes. Pretty, but pretty, pretty, it's squishy. I don't want to say that. I mean, but he was Eredissa? Huh? Flaming. Nah, I wouldn't know. Flaming would be getting, that's Carlos's flaming. If you better just stick to what you know about, okay Miguel? Yeah, that was me. No, it was not you. So anyway, there's the pull for you. You get an Eredick, it's very simple, and I know we've done it before, but it's been a long time since we've done this, because this 13-ponderous pages that this chronic David is sent to me here is the George C. The one thing, now you realize we wasted 26 pages on this now, between the 13-ate-you got, and then you copied them all. It's 26 pages. How many trees do they have to cut down for that? 100. How many Goddam, those big red woods, they have to chop down. How many of those beautiful palm trees in Hailea that got destroyed by the hurricane? Remember that? They must have been something. The palm trees actually got lifted. Those big old palm trees have been there for like a thousand years. God lifted right out of the ground. God, how about you? Those, the force of that hurricane, might have even lifted Josh Friedman off the ground in an inch or two, but I doubt it. That's another thing I really miss about being there a small and hemp. I mean, see in him every day, what I look on his face, you know? Which are you exclusively head of a sexual, exclusively homosexual, bisexual or desperate and horny? That's the new pool. Because this David guy faxes me then, George, you're a sense of long 8,000 pages on the numbers game. What percentage of the population is gay? Nobody knows, because as long as we got all these people covering in the closet, as long as we got the other asshole majority of the populations, try to harass and harass and harass and get in the stick in their nose, and everybody's got the embedromes if it makes a difference, as long as that's the case, we're not going to know. Wouldn't you agree? You damn well better. Yes. It's mystery me. 1040 at 560 WQMSpeAK in a mystery me. PizzaLoft is on a menu next. You can love going there this weekend with the whole gang. You only problem being if you try to call for takeout or deliver your arcade ring this weekend, forget about it till Monday. Because Jeff's home man, when out of business, I put did we hear any more about that? No, we did not, and it would be nice that he would let us, but he can't call. I'm sure he's got a cell phone. Yes he does. And I guess the reason I'm not taking orders on the cell phone is Jeff probably don't want to give his personal cell phone number out on the ear. We're checking understand, because he gets a lot of very important calls. I don't want to tell you from who on that cell phone. Maybe from his buddies like Scott, what's his name? The appalantition? I don't know. Yes, you do the one that had to do a, had to work there with the pizza loft. I got the, I think I was doing the parking. How was his name? Scott Cowen very good. Anyway, you might run into Scott Cowen a lot of other very important people out of the Dolphins eat the pizza loft. By the way, I ran into some of them. Leave them alone, by the way. Okay. Don't go right up to them for an autograph and bugging him. Let them eat in peace. Why do you sit there and feed your mouth with that delicious food from the pizza loft? Three different kinds of pizza, the best garlic rolls in the universe? They got to go. Go to pizza, the after spicy kind. They got all kinds of great Italian goodies. Big fresh portions, teeny tiny prices. They got chicken and veal. Seafood, calzone, super subs. Jeff has it all at the World Famous Pizza Log. Monday is Elizania night Tuesday's egg plant night by one of these dinners. These nights get the second one for only five bucks. Wednesday is Kids Night Kids E3 with a Delta SIG and CJ F-SAMES magic show. Thursday's bike night at the lock. Come on, order a cycle by one dinner. Get the second one for a half price. Here, I want you to write the number down because like I said, this weekend, their phone is Computed until Monday. But this is the number to call for take out delivery in catering 9.5.4. 9.16.88. And don't forget they're going to be expanding very soon, which we can't talk about yet. But a second grade pizza loft location, I do believe is coming to a place nearby you. Very soon, a place nearby measematterfact. 9.5.4.9.16.88. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8. 8.5. 8. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8. 8. 8. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8. 8. 8. 8. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 9.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 8.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7.5. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 8. 9. 9. 8. 6. 7. 7. 8. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 8. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. Just tell mom next time she hits the candy aisle at the grocery store, pick up a pack of new shi-kak candy bars! Shakka? Yes, it's a new candy bar, made entirely from recycled cowdun, guaranteed to turn your stomach. So next time... Alright kids, give me a lunch. No no, please don't take it. Just shut up and hand it over. Okay, here you go. But whatever you do, please don't eat my candy bar. Hey, cool. This tastes like shit. So, you want my lunch tomorrow too? We got a hunch, you got a little hunch. When you take the bite of that shit, get far. I gotta be honest with you, that's probably the best way for any bit we've ever had. I just gotta play that all day, I'm on the defined best. 1144, 16 till noon is 5.60 WQM, happy mother's day, happy mother day, my happy mother's day to George's mind, Miguel as well. It's personally the George's mom. Bitch. Bad news though. Bubba says hosting TV show unlikely. Former president Bill Clinton says it's unlikely he'll start new careers at TV talk show host, but admitted the ID had some appeal. Clinton met with it, and I should have done a speaking of appeal, I should have done a story about how they threw one of the black players was that NBA game or baseball game. I know you're not stupid. In banana. I don't know that's true. I guess I guess I'll be there. No, they threw a banana at him. Was that a racial thing? I don't know, he was a hockey game. I don't know. Oh yeah, was the hockey game was the Carolina Montreal game. That's right. It was a frog, a frog fan. See, hockey, you totally forget about when you're on QAM, which is very sad because it's the Stanley Cup playoffs and there are a lot of people with an IQ who are not interested in boring crap like baseball, but like hockey is going on right now, the playoffs Stanley Cup. He didn't be using ball. He's holding my up on the boards. He's okay. He's okay in my book that tied dummy. He's all right. A good game five tonight at the Air Canada Center A. And like I said, what a blow job about the Canadians last night. They were head three nothing. They're still thinking to a three, two lead late in the game. They give up the a kick it out of their own end man. Get the puck out of here. That's what I'm always saying. They can get out of their own end. Carolina ties it up and then wins on a long shot from the blue line of screenshot and overtime. Poor Josie Thied or Manifield bad for him. You could hear the choking gagging sounds just when I thought it looked really good. I mean, it grew off to a three to one leading a series and instead they go back to Carolina two two were in their French two two. I get I guess I did the first sentence of this. Clinton that would then be executive as last week in the league to discuss the possibility of a show and unconventional move for an ex president when I generate a flurry of attention. You better got a flurry of attention because we'd all be watching it. Wouldn't you? Absolutely. Even that push liquor I'm a girl would watch you. I guarantee you that. Why do you call me girl a bush liquor? He's not a bush man. But just because he's Cuban he might be. You know what? That's a good point. Miguel. Yeah. Yeah, he's a bush guy. Who the hell are you, kid? Man. I had no idea. He's a bush man all this time. Yeah. Up until the day I thought it was Barzini all along. Miguel. I like bush. I don't think this is going to happen. Clinton said during an NPR interview schedule to air today and maybe it was already on. I'd be surprised if it did happen. He said. Clinton, the guest on NPR is the tab as smiley show said. A TV format allowed him to address things I care about in an environment where people would be freedless in the larger numbers of people than I can speak to. Clinton added that neither he nor the network were the impetus for the meeting. He was approached by a group of people whom he didn't identify and asked for help in financing a show. As to be the exact position in which he provided analysis or commentary, Clinton said he didn't know. Like everybody else, either they're not saying they're not talking or I don't know. NBC is your kind to talk about the meeting and they spoke to him and for Clinton downplay that significance last week. Calling it one of many discussions he said about potential projects since leaving office. I'll tell you one thing, can't complain about the hockey talk on QA because there isn't any. Stand the couple offs. And Norma can't is worried about they didn't talk enough about baseball and about the South Florida team and Yadiyada and about Cliff Floyd and all this other happy horse crap. Stand the couple offs going on out. Mr. Hotshot. And I want to be a sports station. You're going to hear anything about it. Not a freaking word even from Gueldi now who's so guy to have intimidated and scared of his own shadow. He won't even say Puck. He won't even say Schmidt. But that's okay. We all have to like, you know, cover our ask guilty. I understand. He's got that kid to feed. Here are some good news for all of us. And in law said to be a little legal weights as the Boston Globe today. And did I already tell you that? Yeah, bogus. As you know, you set yourself up and you make up your own bunch of crap. Oh, well Frank Cannon said that we're above the law. Yeah, well Frank Cannon's dead. Okay. I did like when I'm conrad though, but he was great. And don't tell me wasn't great because you don't like cop shows. Cano is great. Schmuck, whatever you say. It was a good show. It was a damn good show. It was a Quinn Martin production. Okay. It's his man like Barnacles Jones. How could anybody not like cop shows? They always end the same. They're all for me, lay it. In his deposition on Wednesday, Cardinal Law explained that he abandoned his agreement to pay 86 victims of pedophile priest John Gagan after they arts dicey's finance council told him they wouldn't approve it and he learned that Cannon law required the council's approval for such a large expenditure. However, civil precedents around the nation interviews with legal specialists suggest that citing Cannon law to body of laws that govern the Catholic Church as a mitigating circumstance seldom works when secular or civil law becomes entangled in church business. Cannon law has no relevance to the criminal justice system or a civil, civil, civil, what is it? Civil legal proceedings say that again. It can't be used to Trump's secular law said Barry Lynn executive director of Americans United for Separation of Church in State, a great Washington based law in group. You'll go, boy. Charles M. Wilson executive director of the same Joseph Foundation, a Texas based Cannon Law think tank agrees. According to Cannon law itself, the jurisdiction of civil courts is paramount Wilson said. And here I always thought it was Warner Brothers. It's not just that the church refers to civil law to adopt civil laws its own. Scholars say Cannon law is the basis for the development of the secular legal systems used throughout the Western world. Harold J. Burman, a professor of emery school of law in Atlanta, an author of law and revolution, the formation of Western legal tradition, said Western jurisprudence traces its origins to Cannon laws it was practiced in the 11th and 12th centuries. Burman formerly a professor at Harvard Law School said secular law occasionally makes exceptions for Cannon law, such as the recent decision by the Massachusetts legislature to include a priest-petent exclusion. And he states new law that requires members of clergy to enforce suspected child abuse. Our law is full of Cannon law principles that are now not considered Cannon law such as monogamy said Burman, but Cannon law has since the 16th century recognized the superiority if you will of civil law. Until the reformation of the Catholic Church is law prevailed over the secular law, but secular law can never be Trump'd he said. Still, because of the first amendment to the Constitution which guarantees freedom of religion and calls for the separation of church and state, courts have been reluctant to get involved in choice of fairs. Yet the Pena and their pants just like the media, they're scared of their own shadow. The US courts usually don't want to touch these cases with a barge pool said Wilson, with a ten foot shlong, we've had very few cases where the issue of Cannon law and secular laws raised at all. Lynn said the vast majority of cases in the US in which the issue of Cannon law and civil law came ahead dead, involved property disputes, often one one group in a church got into an argument with another group in the same church over real estate, or who represented the real church. Will the real Christians please stand up, huh? Will the real good Catholics? Will the real non-molesting priest? Will the real heterosexual priest please stand up? No. Maryland's governor issues death penalty moratorium. Maryland governor Periscal Lending imposed the moratorium on executions Thursday until the state finishes his study and whether there's a racial bias in the use of the death penalty. Here we go again. Member John Spinkkeling? Yes. White guy, they had a frium because, you know, and how about Ted Bundy? Was he black? Nope. Lending a Democrat said he envisions the state remaining in place until the study is reviewed and acted upon by the legislature which I expect to take about a year he said. Of course I'll remember also, remember, Pits and Lee. Lending stopped the execution of Wesley Eugene Baker who was scheduled to die by lethal injection sometime next week and said he would stay any other executions that come before him, Baker was convicted of a 1991 murder. Nine of the 13 people on death row in Maryland are African-American including Baker during his tenure, glending allowed the state to go forward with two executions but he commuted the third, the Baker case with a fourth such case to come before him. It is imperative that I as well as our citizens have complete confidence that the legal process involved in capital cases is fair and impartial, then, then he said. An extensive two year study by the University of Maryland examining the effects of racial and jurisdictional factors on the imposition of the death penalty is nearing completion. The University study was commissioned in the spring of 2000 is expected to be completed later on this year. Given that the study will be released soon, he will be saying, and the critical need to be absolutely sure of the integrity of the process, I'm issuing a state for this case and I'll stay any others to come before me pending completion of the study he said. So there you go. Everything is racist, but like I said before when you're dealing with a separate culture, and I'm not saying that there aren't situations where there's racism involved because obviously there are, but it's a pretty sad excuse for a lot of the barbaric, rotiscan acceptable so-called subculture activity that goes on. But we're not supposed to say that, are we? Nope, nope. Well, we can say whatever it is we want. I get some people all been out of shape, but two freaking bad. Flanagan High School's 9th grade NX, this is a story from a couple of days ago that I couldn't get to. We'll switch to a 4-day school week in the entire campus enrollment will remain cat school board members voted this week, and attempt to control crowding at the county's largest school. See, there are people who want to spend tax money to build God-damn baseball stadiums for a bunch of crybaby millionaires who lie about all the money to supposedly lose and, but we can't build schools enough to hold your kids. I'm going to tell you right now, and I mean this from the bottom of my toes, okay? Any asshole down here, there's willing to spend one more tax dime, and I admit that I was the thing with a macarooner was selfish and hockey in the audience. If I had to do it over again, I'd say no. No. Take those millions and build more schools in Dayton, Broward County, Zen Palm Beach, Marble else we need them, and get textbooks for those kids in date that have no textbooks to take home. Tephanay. The 4-day week will give different freshmen a different day off reducing enrollment at the NX by one fifth of on any given day, and thereby making room for more students than the campus could normally handle, the school day will be also lengthened to avoid losing class time. In enrollment, Capwich affects the entire school allowed students currently at Flanagan to stay, and will allow eighth graders to attend middle schools that feed into Flanagan when are the schools ninth grade? But new students moving in the area will likely be able to, instead, bust a mirror in our high school. How do you like that? How do you like to be bust a mirror mark? No, thank you. Ah, probably that Glenn from mirror mark was running around shooting a shot up in the end of the film, or it stayed a hell away from him. Hooray, cry, Flanagan, high school principal Susan Shalas, have you ever heard anybody in your life say Hooray? Never. No, I'd say it's a board in comic books. It's like Shazam. Nobody says Hooray. Tephanay. Who the hell wrote this? Jamie Mulerny, education writer for the goddamn Sun's Sennel. Hey, you oughta get yourself some education, Jamie, whatever you are. Hooray, cry, Flanagan, high school principal Susan Shalas, who has struggled to keep her school from sinking under the weight of nearly 5,500 students. Now that the caps have been extended, school officials can start figuring out the complex schedules that'll make the four day school week work the annex of portables and portables were talking about. You do understand. Oh, god. Yeah, trailer, like for trailer trash. Administrators already are puzzling over how to ensure freshmen involved in band-in sports art off on practice days. A parent committee is also to be developed off for more concrete programs for students one on their day off. The city of Pembroke primes is promised to offer free activities. The chief concern of many parents is that students will waste the day or find ways to get to trouble if their parents are at work like Ferris Bula for example. I think we're going to have a lot of kids out there with nothing to do. Instead of word Michelle Colligan who's daughter was a junior at Planagan. I don't know any ninth grader wants to go to date here. Officials say extreme measures like capping in the 40 week are necessary because Planagan is bursting at the seams, expecting nearly 6,000 students next fall. And we've got assholes down, including someone who's radio station, who are continuing to hype this psychotic business of, oh yeah, well there's a willers away and we'll find some way to find assholes. My freaking ass, you'll find a way to find assholes. I'm God damn baseball stadium and a tower that can't throw a fly to a manure pile. Okay, for baseball. Nobody cares, nobody wants to do it. And if they held the election tomorrow, 7 weeks from circus, the result is overwhelming. It's going to be absolutely positively. No. And we've discussed it until I'm God damn blue in the face. I'm both cheeks. God. They're all tied crap from the same sports nerds. They want their little world with another God damn sports venue on a rest week corner. So they can continue, you know, brow beating us with crap that nobody cares about. Like I said, normal or normal stupid facts. And that would bush that. No dude facts. You know, pop a bush. Fortill noon is 5, 60 WQM, you know, mothers, they this are last chance remind you and you're last chance too because time you heard that ticker before. It's clicking away. And this is this Sunday afternoon on this year more than ever why not show mommy love and appreciate her by sending her a Vermont teddy bear. Am I doing the right spot or not? Nope. No. So I'll just switch them around. What's wrong with that? No. Oh, that's right. Well, then yeah, believe me, I'll switch them around. No problem. This relax Miguel. Okay. Don't get all excited. You asked. In addition to which, I mean, this gives him a few more minutes to a call Vermont teddy bear. Your mom, wife, or grandma will get a beautiful little bear made in Vermont delivered with a free card and candy and a fun gift box. And there's nothing like having to give box. Call a bear console in 1802 9 bear. They'll help you take her a bear just for her. So she'll know you put some real thought into with this year as opposed to past years where you really screwed off. Ask about the new spa mob bear or the mama's boy with a heart shape tattoo. And don't forget all you pop is out there. It's your job to get a gift from the kids for mom and the other in cup said is a perfect idea. You can add as many cups as needed with their names on the outfits. It's a lot more personal in those stupid wilting flowers. So call that phone number now and it can still get at their entire Sunday. Call 1802 9 bear or shop online at Vermont teddy bear.com. 1802 9 bear or shop online at Vermont teddy bear. So call that phone number now. Next day counts. The rules just right. I'm the one who shows I'm five six seven two a year. My own four more day. Hey, this Dave Goldstein. But you can call me down. Whenever I'm in town, I listen to made up in an I am in town. It's the 12th or one hour. That's right. A long long time ago. He was 1900 and Jesse Helms was just a lad of nine. And no one knew what was in store. Just ended the Spanish American War. So they partyed like it was 1899. The war events that made you shiver. But there were times we did deliver. A promise that was kept with that famous one small step. I can't remember each event or everything that man did invent. A century we will present. This is how it went. My, my how the time it did fly. Since it started some deported many tears we did cry. For the centuries time that we say goodbye. It all happened in the blink of an eye. A hundred years have gone by. It all started when two guys were right. When they put it there, plain into light. And the start of radio. Signified had his mum to think. And one to theory and next blank and the Titanic. That story we all know. Well world war one. Soon began with shooting arched Duke Francis Ferdinand. Millions died from the flu. And plastic it was friend who. And then Russia had each revolution. Panama connected both of the oceans. The Nazis we won't see again. A hundred years gone by. And we were singing in my, my how the time it did fly. Since it started some deported many tears we did cry. For the centuries it's time that we say goodbye. It all happened in the blink of an eye. A hundred years have gone by. Out with that his relative a teen. A vast picture's the new model tea. And limbered landed near Paris. Then some old deep red gave. Panicillin Wall Street and the great depression and women. Would vote like you and me. And Germany's chancellor was sworn in. And World War two would soon begin. Made your revolving land. The project in a ten. Evolution trial in Tennessee. We caught a first look at TV. Then the day that lives in him for me. On the train years gone by. And we were singing in my, my how the time it did fly. Since it started some deported many tears we did cry. For the centuries it's time that we say goodbye. It all happened in the blink of an eye. A hundred years have gone by. Franklin wins and they were soon be winning. Starting with the day in the Asian. But at what an appalling cost. In Russia no one did to frost. And Germany they find these laws. Discovered the horrors of the Holocaust. That man little boy and only gave. Change the whole world on that very day. Me though had just begun. And China moved by the sea town. The first player in baseball that was black. If we held got their homeland back. Massachusetts elected Jaguar. Tridiers gone by. And we were singing in my, my how the time it did fly. Since it started some deported many tears we did cry. For the centuries it's time that we say goodbye. It all happened in the blink of an eye. A hundred years have gone by. Separated but equal made such a fuss. Rosa to tide when on the bus. Holy, oh, cured with a vaccine. Then Russia scared us big time with spotting nicks. Our troops into Korea quick. Discovered the double helix scheme. Oh, JFK left us way too soon. But promised to get us all to the moon. Ure is first in space. Can the pill we fitted with race. And the friendship's ever climbed into the night. Cubas miss those gays last quite a fright. Selfie stature is on new flight. A hundred years gone by. All right. And we were singing in my, my how they used to fly. Since it started some deported many tears we did cry. For the centuries it's time that we say goodbye. It all happened in the blink of an eye. A hundred years have gone by. Neal's giant step was the big news. Rovers way gave women right to choose. Nicks and resigns about water gays. Got the troops out of Vietnam. Had hostages taken by Iran. And a virus made us too scared to go dates. A test to babies held the loft. Some guy named Bill started Microsoft. Chernobyl explosion. The Berlin wall gets broken. The U.S. is our sad goodbye. Some students in China, they did try. Seven died in the Florida sky. A hundred years gone by. And they were singing in my, my how they tied. It did fly. Since it started some deported many tears we did cry. For the centuries it's time that we say goodbye. It all happened in the blink of an eye. A hundred years have gone by. We were singing in my, my how they tied. It did fly. Since it started some deported many tears we did cry. For the centuries it's time that we say goodbye. Cause a hundred years have gone by. Oh, quite a mess. And a basilica of the church in the activity. They put on CNN. Aren't you surprised by that? They didn't have a lot of other people stuck in there for like a month. I sure they have real good plumbing facilities. What a joke. Didn't they cut their water off? Media treats everybody like we're all about two years old. By the way, yes, something. By the way, something very special in studio guests here with a story. And a exclusive announcement for us. Not you have. The only guy that this pony tail man is already had like a half an hour. Free plugs on here last two days because of the scam he made up about his phone. I'm sure we just another story he made up to get pizza locked on here again. Yeah, how are you doing Jeff? Not only was it not a scam but you're talking about it. Save me so that I do have phone service even though it's not guaranteed to stay on through the whole week. But is this man old me or what? Not a way I hook him up with the lovely young lady. He's still going with her by the way. Uh, kind of. No. But whatever, I mean you were for a while there. Yes, you're in a half. It was wonderful. Okay, but that's all over now. Well, she probably should get out of what a pervert you were. But anyway, not only now you owe you only that you were in a half. Also, I get his phone straight now because they heard me on a year about it. Plus the fact this guy's got a 45 million dollar house because of me and now what? No, I don't. I lost that in the divorce. Oh, well, you had it anyway. Right, I have a little house. But that's not important. But I do have an exclusive announcement for you. What do you say? Yeah. Do you hear his voice distract? Well, he's never. I wonder she dumped your ass. Uh-huh. Anyway, exclusive. She had to leave. He kept screwing around so much like one nut would fall off, but you wouldn't listen to me. Anyway, go ahead. Uh, I picked up the keys this morning to the pizza lofts second location after 27 years of waiting for just the right spot. All right. A few blocks from your house as a matter of fact. Yeah, I know. I know exactly where it is. Not pill and sunrise. Be the end of the day. You know what? I'm going to meet in there. John. The well beside that because he ain't going to pay for it. So when's the opening? The end of summer. We got to make the kitchen like a pizza loft kitchen off-stained. Let's clean everything up. Make it right. And uh, by the end of summer. Now let me just tell you this because I think that location has got great possibilities. But you're going to have to like really promoted heavily because of the one. The only on a negative on that thing is I'm sure you're aware is you can't see it from the street. That's what I have you for. I know that's what I'm saying. If you were to retire, I would never have done this. But being that you've decided to work a little bit. I'm able to go ahead and move forward. Oh, good. And you're going to friend Alba to way after after 60 days we can bring him over there too after he gets out of the slamer. If he gets out of the hospital line. Okay. Yeah. I have to have a big table for him. I have a welcome back to society party. Yeah. And then of course, the rumors will be over to see you several several times a week. They sold their house so they're going to be moving to Navy pretty soon. Right. They're moving across the street from the existing loft. That's a good news for them and I bet for you because I can say a lot of females coming up. That's very, very soon that the original pizza loft there on that. Well, they are the second pizza loft in Navy. He hooks me up real well. Yeah. My buddy does it. Don't forget what Rimmer says. If it's free, it's me. Yeah. That's just a little bit. Why do I have to be birthday again, Ferrell? Well, that's great. You have nice hearing from me briefly. I did talk to John and congratulations. And so you let us know. I'm sure. All right. I'll see you when you're back in town. In June. Right. And lose my number. Okay. See you Jeff. There he is. Jeff Cohen. New pizza lofts opening in the plantation. Right there by Marcie Walgreens. Not pill and sunrise. What a great location. God, I can eat free every day now. And I don't mean on the air. Wouldn't that a great scan? That's what we look for, right? I think that's a great idea when I'm home. I can drive home after work. Stop let Tiny go out and take a little trap. And then go over there and have a nice free lunch. Would Jeff hang out bond with my buddy over there. Helping pick out some of the waiters. 12 13 at 5 60 WQM. You know, summertime is here already. It's only the 10th of May, but forget about the counter. Just the hero head out the window. Oh my god. You're suffering. You're sweltering. It's beautiful here though. Ha ha ha ha ha. I don't want to rub it in. You'll bastard. But oh man. It's so hot and humid. You could fry eggs on your toes. But only on my one product. It'll make you feed your best. All the time and keep you in good health in South Florida. It's by the heat humidity. And he frying pan type atmosphere in paradise. Everybody. Only on my just soft shell caps. The contains pharmaceutical rate. I'll avoid along with vitamins and minerals and animals to promote health for your prostate. For your heart for your blood pressure. For your cholesterol. All you might as got a supplement to promote health and your circulatory system. There's one for your digestive system, your endocrine system, your skin, your bones. Even your mind. I'll use the benefits of pharmaceutical rate. I'll avoid the known for get. All you might as products for you. Man and you ladies out there too. All you might as well. All you might as well. All greens. Hi again. Marcy. Free food. Come and soon. Whole food markets. Only. Only. Before you buy it. Just call me. I'll figure out about it. What it's all about. Call toll free. One. Eight. Six. One. Eight. Six. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. No. And then again. One. And then again. Okay. Hot. Oh. Nice. Cheers. Can Me? A man. Like this, sheep. Man. Well. Moron a lord, a lord I will an unc Wage White is Brightfall Their sound is  bleeding Cl Cleveland bullet. Red skin, Clinear male Light salute Hell I will be back causally I'm gonna go on. Ladies with the window with the window when he walks. Ladies with the window when he walks. Ladies with the window when he walks. Yo, it's Dan Kothi, my psychic ability's must have been paying off again. At what time did he show up there? Right, it did. Right, it didn't. See, and I played that long bit, but I, which I almost never played. Right. Didn't tell me he had a time that he was there. If I wouldn't have played that, we'd have been back about six, seven minutes earlier. And he'd have been going, bap bap bap bap bap bap. You know, see what I'm saying? Perfect. The vibes all the way up here. The vibes are coming right through the goddamn window. You can almost smell them. Not that I want to give a short trip to Ponytail, but it's time to give him a little short trip. You know, he's great guy, but I'm here for a minute or two tops. So you got food. Well, that's ready for you the food, didn't know. He says yes. Excellent. Nice golf pony tail. No problem. We'll have that place pack when he opens out there by me, because there really aren't the very many good restaurants out there in West Broward. Very, very slim and grim unless you like Denny's. Denny's then of course the sawgrass, which has a couple of good restaurants, but you've got like walk 16 miles to get in there and fight through all the Brazilians. You're going to love this story, coming to Washington. A teenager who had become sick and tired of being around drugs called authorities and had his father arrested for growing marijuana in their suburgency at a home, Sheriff Deputy Saint. Let's go on punk. The 17 year old dialed 911 on Tuesday and his 38 year old divorce father was arrested when he arrived home that night. God. Sheriff Sergeant Greg DiMorsky said Deputy sees that at least 40 marijuana plants and bags of dried and ready to sell buds. They could smell the stuff two or three houses away to Morsky said and the lecture charge. The kid said he was sick and tired of being around drugs and sick and tired of his dad to end drugs to Morsky said he's a good kid and his conscience got the best of him. The boy is 15 year old sister and their 7 year old brother returned over to family friends for the night. I think he was pretty upset about returning in dead. The Morsky said, but the bottom line is he did the right thing. You think he did the right thing? No, of course not. That kid should be pistol whipped. Maybe devil even shared. Probably it was piss because dead wouldn't share. That's it. Got a crap as that. See if dad would give him a good rate. That wouldn't have happened. So that's one thing about George. If his daughter's ever tried that with him. I'll cut her in. This is a great one. You saw this. Yeah, you did because you texted to me with all my asking the only facts that you didn't texted me were like ones I got from that schmuck norm can't. Who can't stop being an overgrown child with his baseball. Nobody cares Norma. I keep telling that nobody cares the important stuff. He can't be bothered with okay. He's impotent. But when it comes to you know round ball. You ought to be worried about other balls okay Norma. To stage your life. Oval balls. Speaking of that, x-rayed adult spices up exam week. This is my favorite. Students cramming through the night for final exams at Villanova University yesterday. May have gotten the jolt they needed to stay awake from an unlikely source. The school's TV station. SGTV. The student government's 24 hour station available only on campus is program to run a continuous mix of PG 13 and R rated movies. But a 2 AM yesterday. Instead of these scheduled thriller reindeer games would then affect. Oh, what's that bit? How do you say that? What has that been? It's the, um, Athlete casting call. I got to have that after the break. At 2 AM yesterday instead of the scheduled thriller reindeer games would have been Athlete a her. I heard Corp. Horno flick titled cheap thrills appeared on the screen. Oh, right. The movie ran for about a half an hour before campus security officer shut it down. Which reminds me before I go back. There's a spot there running up here for one of the cable companies. The amount of control and certain a lockout features on their cable and it shows two nuns sitting in their living room eating a popcorn or whatever eating watching TV. And then what are they? And they say no one wanted channels to pop up. And so you can see the expression on their eyes is the eyeballs start getting as big as sauces and they're putting up their hands over their eyes and they keep opening up the fingers. You know, I look into the finger. I really have to see it. But it's, yeah, it's a beautiful thing. And they keep like looking away and then looking back and taking a hands away from their I was studying in the lounge and someone said there's porn on STTV said marine hall and the student government president. I thought it was maybe a nude scene or something like that. I went into the room to look at it and it was clearly not something that was supposed to be on. The movies say those who viewed it left nothing to the imagination. There were two well-indouled men penetrating your woman's vagina and anus at the same time. I spoke to the vice president for student life and he said, thank goodness it came on at that time because the priest would have been sleeping in the morning. I was like, how did they know that? Villanova is a Roman Catholic University. They probably put it on. Chris Lula, a senior spedig is last week of the school, said he was flipping through the channels when he came across cheap thrills. I was like many kids staying up late studying or partying in the minute this thing aired, people were hooting and hollering throughout the dorm and instant messaging to turn on channel 52. He said, Barbara Clemens, school spokeswoman said a student in Bartley Hall which contains offices, a dining facility in Big Screen TV alerted authorities. He looked up at the screen, went dope and called campus police public safety. She said, just like Timmy's always doing on passion. Oh, he's got me a problem's now for it Timmy. He's got all the little animals right recently after him. Officers went to Delverty Hall which houses the TV station where four VCRs are program to play movies. They found a door to the office, Jimmy Dopen, and the lock broken on a cab to contain the video equipment. Former on campus yesterday, we were somebody's pulled a senior prank. That what Mel, Mel, may well be Clemens said, but it's a prank that has serious implications. It's a case of breaking and entering. It's a case for cojack or maybe Bartley Jones because we know he always gets his man. Lilac who gained some measure of notoriety on campus for his classes with the administration of a staunchly conservative student newspaper he founded, sent an email to media outlets and then to what happened. Right as groups took a study break from final exams to witness the showing of the movie he wrote. I think Chris may have been exaggerating said Holland noted that many students would complete the finals had left campus. Cheap thrills was eventually replaced by Ali, where the closest ingenuity is a buff will Smith in boxing trunks. Oh, we can most of us live without. Oh, right at lunch time. Sorry to read that right in the middle of your people. Oh, I'm sorry. Ugh. He just makes my skin crawl. Now does that make me a racist, I guess so. No. Well, Will Smith, which would have caused a lot of people. There's another one. See you see a pattern developing. Yeah. I'm just lily white. That's just the way it is. And of course up here we got all these real nice white Canadian people. 1226 at 560. Oh, so anyway, it was at the Canadian Carolina Game last night and somebody threw a banana at Kevin Weats the goalie for Carolina former Panther by the way, who's black. And so there was a whole thing in a paper about that this morning because they threw a banana at him. And it's a whole big week. He didn't say a word about it. He couldn't hear less. But let's get serious. If they throw on a watermelon, how the stands then, then you start getting a little bit nervous. How do you sneak one of those in there? You pants. Hey, the weather's starting to get really hot again. Summer storms possibility hurricane soon follows. So get prepared for major storm and don't forget may through November. That's hurricane season in South Florida. Discover now what thousands of people have done to protect their homes call all weather systems. All weather systems has been business for over 15 years. They're a state license team, a project impact contractor. All weather systems carries the new state of the art shutterless impact resistant windows and French doors. No one's sightly, rugby shutters to ruin the look of your home. And the convenience is not having to put up heavy plywood or storm panels too. All weather systems offers you 100% unsickered bank financing with though payments for 90 days and payments as low as 69 bucks a month. Your impact resistant windows and French doors have insulated glass which saves you energy. It reduces outside noises and the nonbreakable fast helps keep out criminals and berglises as well. All weather systems also manufactures a full line of accordion style shutters, electric rollups and hurricane panels too. So give all weather systems a call today. Some of you say if the headache of putting up shutters protect your family from storms and crime and keep that house looking really beautiful energy efficient at the same time. Call all weather systems toll free 1-800-728-5126. They provide home protection to the highest quality with service reliability and professionalism comparable to none. Call all weather 1-800-728-5126-5126 for all. Follow five. Enjoy Marcho overnight science, which radio 560. You a-m. Fresh brum, and a-m-salt, this time. No, the Afflack casting call. All right, Tom Broker. Number of God. Afflack. Again Tom. Out of what? One more time Tom. Out of what? I'm losing a second part. One more. Out of what? Next. My Tyson. My Tyson. Yes, my Tyson. Stop saying what I'm saying. I say what I'm saying. I say what I'm saying. Have that. Again. Have that. Next. Jesse Jackson. Afflack. Other Afflack. Jesse I'm sorry but the duck is white. Next. What are you Ellen? She's nuts and he's abducted to us. Stay to the script, Mr. Allen. It's crazy to insanity. Great the line please. Why would a duck speak next? The great young cannery sir. How welcome, sir. Welcome. Welcome, sir. Just read the line please. Afflack. Excuse me, sir again. Afflack. Sir, I'm sorry that second part of the line I don't- I'm simply saying. Afflack. Next. Oh God. I guess we got Gilbert got freed over here. All right give it to me Gilbert. Afflack. One more time Gilbert. Afflack. Well Gilbert I pretty much hate you and I think you're terrible but you're the close thing we got. You got the job. And here I put the duck was white. Profit 22560 WKM I got the mad dog. He's fairly white. I'll be long one or clock. I can't get three and then we got that ball game. How'd you guys do that? How'd you guys do that? I'd like double digits to see them as we get right. Any KF at baseball and Joe and Mark the duty boys overnight. Who show us growing like an out of control Wonderworm. Here's a very depressing. Oh by the way Chuck Fletcher fired as the GM of the Panthers. Rick Dudley's a new GM from Tampa. They brought him in. I just mentioned that in case anybody was sleeping earlier. If anybody cares Chuck Fletcher fired and have a good life. You're Chuck. Good luck to you. You'll need it. Kind of a throwback to the military and the Murray days. So he had to go. Clean house. And then of course we got all these great youngsters in the organization. Hans, my Dutch friend writes, put them more in Neil. Well I like the way I said that. That's not a good enough. No fun. No that was very good. That's how they Dutch really said. Dude, if you want to speak Dutch about what you've got to have like 400 pounds of cheese in your system. He writes with tears in my eyes. I watched yesterday on the Dutch satellite program. What happened to him fortunately. Political candidate for the upcoming election. He asked yourself, how is this possible in a country like Holland. Where he can smoke a joint in every corner of the street. He laid for 50 bucks legally and speak your mind about everything somebody will listen. What's going on in this world? Man kind is out of control says Hans. That's how he sees it. Everyone's being infected by the changes of order in the world. You must ask yourself what's next. For the first time I wasn't very proud of being Dutch because our country stood for Freedom, Tolerance and speaking your mind. Pim Fortune did this in his way and didn't make him very popular with certain groups. Democracy. What is it stand for these days here in the U.S. or anywhere else in the world? Holland's been hit by the 911 syndrome and it makes us very depressed. Sorry for starting on a negative note today but simply added to tell somebody you might listen. Which I did Hans and I'm with you but of course keep in mind. It's a very, very isolated incident because you don't have a lot of crazy people running around with guns and Holland. And of course to show you when you have crazy people with guns, people get killed. Because bumper stickers don't kill people, crazy people with guns. You're responsible people with guns, kill people. And little kids whose parents are responsible, kill people with guns. And Hans says, Tolerance. Tolerance and else to be. Do we. This is a beautiful story. Man reportedly offers to clean septic tanks for sex and guns. Camden Arkansas speaking of guns. There you go. Sex and guns. Now you know what I'm thinking of. You heard him sounds. I mean, by any chance. No. Hi. I met you for a few for dance. We have a large selection of booze and firearms in the state. And we'll personally assist you in choosing a corrupt alcoholic Bemory Jan Webbins for your next album. Go and square a hunt and then you'll love our low prices on Snaps and hang grenades. Live it in the city. Check on our deal on hand. Guns at California 1. Maybe you aren't interested in hunting yourself, defense. Maybe you just like to get drunk and shoot a mailbox. Well, we've got gallant jeds a wild turkey and 44 magnum shells on sale. This week on like the world for 24 hours. We've never chipped guys these and we're at our air proof. So come on down to view for dance. Licker and guns where everything leaves loaded. How 35 at 5.60 QM. So I'm so I'm going to get back to this very inventive guy in Camden Arkansas. It says it's a dirty job, but somebody's got to do it. Authorities in the Camden area say they're getting complaints about a man who offered to clean septic tanks and exchange for sex. All right. Chief deputy Paul Lucas says they want to determine whether he's got a proper or a certification to service the tanks and the customers. Yeah. Aside from the sex, except a service deputy city man's also offered to clean systems exchange for guns. So he's kind of like a bufred I guess. Maybe his name is bufred. What's wrong with him? Arkansas wouldn't surprise me. What? What's wrong with a little barter dealing? Are you mumbling again? Yes. Is that what they call tit for tat? 230 votes on our poll. 2030 votes which are you exclusively had a sexual 124 54 percent? Just 2052. 22.5 percent. Of course when they say just 20 that means anything that's moving. Maybe a fire hydrant they'll squat on it. Exclusively a homosexual 22.9.5 percent. Desperate 17.3 percent. I thought clearance was leaving for the weekend. And a bi-sexual 15.6.5 percent. Very lucky people. So anything that looks good they'll hop on it in it around it near it's sniff it, etc. So what does that? Let's see. 9.5.6. And have it like a 16. Right? 16 percent. Okay. A little bit high but I don't think that high. I've always said it's about 15 percent gay and bi-sexual. If we want to be honest. But nevertheless and also that includes people who aren't like this. This is early either one but kind of like mess around. Even though George has believed such people exist. Anyway, speaking to that jail, it gets new address. Miami Beach. No! Jennifer Lopez is paid $9.5 million for a base-eyed mansion on Mommy Beach. Has starts at a North Bay Road. It's hersest familiar with the deal. Confirm yesterday? You got a big fat! All right! Intruder there in the beach. The singer and movie sterile have wide views of this game baby for her and a BG on each side. Barry and Robin Gibb, brothers in the 1970s disco group that hit a big would stay in a live. On-house is next door to the 10th house. This is in the herald by the way from Wonder why it sounds like a direct. On-house is next door to the 10,800 square foot metterine in villainy, 50 and 100 block of North Bay Road. Singer Ricky Martin owns a house about eight blocks down the street. Are there going to be any stray people on it? That's right. If we got the BG's have wives. But they sure as hell. You know, they're part of that crowd though. You know what I mean? I don't even mean. They sing real hard. That 70s disco swishy wimpy crowd. Landscape is yesterday. We're trimming the grass outside the wall and gated polotto, which has eight bedrooms. 11 fireplaces, a pool, gazebo, and dock. Lopez 31 closed on the property this week, sources said. Her reported purchase comes as some are questioning whether the beach has lost much of its glamour and star appeal. The Wall Street Journal asked month of clear South Beach a tired scene in a front page article titled Madonna deficit, noting that some of the earth's resim celebrities have packed up in life. Oh, what a shock. In Lopez the beach would get a Latin diva famous for barely their evening gowns and for South Beach club sightings with then boyfriend, the anxious Sean Puffy Comes. She met her first husband, O'Johnny, Noah Wally, with it tables at Laureaus on the beach in 1996. And then found out after they got married. He was a fag. A native of the Rocks, New York with Puerto Rican roots. Lopez recently opened a Latin restaurant in LA and has a clothing line that bears a recording name. JLo, not to be confused with J. Rod. She's starring in the thriller enough with Billy Campbell. Jury Powers published your hoax and drive magazine. The ultimate chronicle of beach glamour said low pez's home purchase rear firms, Miami celebrity status. He noted that Will Smith and Janet Jackson were reportedly looking at property in recent weeks. There and said too much has been made of sliced aluminum and Madonna's giving up their homes here. And don't forget about O'John Kendall. Wouldn't want to forget that. We lost two stars, power said now we're getting some solid folks here. Right, like JLo. It's solid man. Oh, rock, rock. It's like granite that ass. Now Murray took dancer Chris Judd, low pez lives in Los Angeles, Quinted the office of her publicist Alan N'Irob, a spokesman for N'Irob said N'Irob didn't know what low pez had bought property in Miami Beach. He didn't know not. Carlos, just though the listing agent and owner of the Wimbish right way, Wilders were confirmed for a morning that the sale closed on the property this week. Would not identify the buyer, but they heard those. It's okay. Got it. It's her. JLo's coming to the beach. Oh, it's her. I really wonder about her. You know what he won. Janet Jackson. What do you wonder? I wonder who wrote the book a law. 1240, 20 before one at five, 60 WQA. I'm hey, speaking of that. You know, I bet you I'm going to go and find out that their packages downstairs for me. They, I hope. I hope like champion light, like champion light. Cause I'm out of it. And of course, PD Lenny, he's out of town with that funeral that he's a part of this abating in now. But I bet you just before we left in the middle of 8000 calls he made up here just babbling a bunch of gibberish. I bet you that he talked to our friends of champion lights and he deals the Jones and for some great champion light. It's good stuff, man. I'm miss it. Champion light is the perfect drink because it's got all good stuff and no crap. It's got all the electrolytes for like after a workout. But unlike on like Gatorade and the other sports so called sports drinks, it doesn't have any sugar. It doesn't have any carbohydrates, no calories, no crap. Just good great tasting stuff in six delicious flavors. And now with sucralose or what does it splender? It tastes even better than ever a brand new and improved taste. It comes in orange lemon lime, grape and fruit punch and the new flavors lemonade and blue raspberry out of this world. So pick up some Gator, some champion light, whatever I just said. What I just say? Champion light. And a place nearby you. If you don't know where to get it, just call Jay Feetler. The spokesman of the organization. He is the official spokesman. Trust me when I tell you. But if you can't get a hold of Jay or he's like 2 busier, it just doesn't have any decline to comment. Just to check out their website, they'll tell you exactly where to go. Check out champion light.com. That's LYTE champion light. The more lint take on the dodger's finnight, it's pro player of the starfish 630 on sportspino 560 QAM. I'm dying out of here. I'm dying out of here. Jennifer Lopez, you got huge funds. I'm going to hit a clip, says the sun. There are parts of you that will never tend. Nothing goes under your shine. And gentle Lopez, we're stunned. No way it could go again. We can't believe that your thoughts are widening. Rectom. Let us know when it stops growing. I'll tell you what the f*** head of the gas you win. I'm more guaranteed that. 1246 at 560 WQAM. Browardvis.com. I hope a lot of people have emailed them all the way down to it. See, I think the days of all of that running campaigns and getting people all whipped up of us up. I think those days are done, you know. That's too bad. I'm just telling you people are in different places so hot down there. You could pass out in the corner and just knock it up for hours at a time. I just don't see people as being highly motivated to do stuff like that. I think that the Broward Chamber of Commerce yesterday, or whenever the hell they put this flyer out was thanks to was yesterday, is embracing the homeless voice people. Some of the most obnoxious, anxious and one of the biggest cults in the history of mankind. And promoting this thing, not only embracing them into their institution and welcoming as a member of the Broward Chamber of Commerce, but also doing a fundraiser for them tomorrow in town which we're not going to promote and talk about it because we're grossed out by it. You know, I was talking about our express. Sorry. I was talking to Joe Resoli about that event, that occasion, those people because you know, if you've involved with the Hollywood Chamber. And he tried to join the Hollywood Chamber, Mr. Kenoni. And they told him to get the F out of there. And he threatened to say when they said, well, get the, no, out of here anyway. So he went and joined the Broward Chamber. I said yesterday, almost every municipality in Dayton, Broward has called Sean Sean, can we get that out of here? Go someplace else because we don't want you here. But for some strange reason, Broward County Chamber, commerce embraces them and loves them and it's said, when Sean, because I guess they think it makes them look good. Oh, we're helping the homeless. No, you're not. You're helping a cult. You're helping to raise millions and millions and millions of dollars and got all you know is where to hell. It's really going. Browardbiz.com. That's the email address for Broward Chamber, commerce and tell him to stick it. Wow. We hate them like poison, okay? And that's been making a bad, bad mistake. Very sad. And we love Joe Resoli on his show, by the way, the Roth Office of Pilots, not forget about good old Joe. He's the best. Somebody once said, we don't know, but he wants another Joe, but in his case, we'll make an exception because he is the best. Great guy. How's my fax machine come? Which has nothing to do with him this one, but I just mention that again, so you won't forget about it in case anybody ever comes back. Oh, that fax machine. Oh, forget about it. Yeah, the one that's supposed to be up here, the one that's on back order, you know, back order, back before man crawled out of the ass line. I think everybody forgot about it. Yeah. Study says, boys cut mom's lifespan grows prolong it. Well, my mom sure would just prove that theory. She's going to be about 110 pretty soon in July. And she had two sons, how do you like that? My son will be the death of me at that's a mother's lament that may have a criminal scientific truth research, you say? A study analyzing family church records in earlier centuries found that raising sons short in the lifespan of Finnish mothers, about 34 weeks per son, that's like more than half a year. Not first son, so if you're like six sons, that's three years. Daughters nurtured to adulthood help prolong mother's lives. Well, isn't that sweet? So that means your wife's going to live a long time. Unfortunately, I don't believe that study because my mother had four sons and she's going to live to be 500. But that's only out of spite. I know, exactly. Baby sons research is suggested in the journal science made a much greater physical demand on the mother's body than to the typically smaller daughters, and this may actually have shortened life for the mother. It seems that boys are much more demanding to produce them girls, so it's Emily Helly, a researcher at the University of Turkey in Finland, and the studies co-author. Hello, said that conclusion is based on church family records kept in Finland for a nomadic people called the Samy during the period 1640 to 1870. I see. He said the tool on mothers' lives of having sons may not apply in the area of modern medicine. Yeah. How could they come up with a study that was taken like three-four hundred years ago? Nowadays, we have better medical care, and they said very, very profound Samy, Samyuley. Resources are not as likely to live in a female's lifespan. There might be some effect that won't be as huge as in the Samy people like Sammy Kappenon, or Sammy Settle got injured later than I'd. The study concentrated on women to produce children and when I'm living in Pages for the... It's not as big as the Samy Settle by the way, go leave school. I just mentioned that game number five to nine, we got a lot of lead fans who lives in the show by five. On my Toronto connection there are out there on the edge of their seat waiting for the big game. That course like I told, PsychoPat yesterday, whoever won game four in Ottawa on Wednesday night, they're going to win a series. I've been holding on to this thing for a long time because it just, I don't know, grosses me out. Old Spice. It says, just an end, this is from the Daily News, by Lea Norse Canazi. Just an end conjures up masculinity, kind of old or masculine, maybe even grizzled, maybe even dead. But no, it turns out to 64-year-old after shaving colonists till the country's best-selling fragrance. It has been since its debut in 1938. I heard the mad dog talking about this one day. I mean, a macho guy like him admitting wearing old Spice, maybe that's the reason. I didn't think anybody wore that anymore. Ah, that is the nastiest smell and crap. That's like, that's like it's like industrial strength, right? And dated like the article says. It's the number one selling fragrance in history says direct bow and old Spice prime manager at Proctor and Gamble, and now this veteran will product his voice to conquer a whole new generation of red blooded American males with wipeies. Telllets, white wet naps, to kind of swabs used to get with Kentucky fried chicken except thicker, quilted and impregnated with masculine sense, such as old Spice Mountain Rush, pure sport and fresh. Somewhere the ancient mirrorner is weeping, it says, and so is the Marlon on his wall. Why does he weep? It says, while only one can be expected brand that's clearly captured of not the American imagination, at least the American man from his Adams apple up, there's something perverse about encouraging guys to start swapping themselves sweet between showers, between rest stops. Could Jack Kerrwack have hit the road towing a tub of towel lets, could Jack Nickle send to it? Most men come equipped with sleeves and that's what control of plenty could be Proctor and Gamble's never heard of. Thuramones, those hormones that holler, I'm male, I'm available and I'm close by just ask your nose. Wipes, wipe all of that out. In other words, I guess this, uh, little or who worked this column likes guys who are stings. She likes the smell of arm sweat. Real men should not be freshen themselves with perfumed wipes, if you've scot, he'll do a dad and San Francisco in my day. You were a circle and you wallet with a rolled up condom and a ring in your jeans from a can of snuff. I pitted this sorry, wimp, who wears a hold in his pants pocket, probably dockers with a little perfume packet. Chris Maca-Lore and Kansas is even more disturbed by the development. It's an encroachment on manhood. He says the old spiced audience is the hardcore open beer with your eye socket crowd. They wouldn't be cut dead with a fancy up towel. It's like making a one-sauce pink, or in blazing the side of a junkyard riding more with images of the powder puff girls. There you go. All you macho guys out there just say, I'll pass on the old spiced towel. In fact, if you got any sense of smell, just say I'll pass on old spiced. It stinks. Fluffy 2 at 560 WQM if you always put off going to the dentist because of fear because of pain or neglect. Called Dr. Renee P. Edwin associates and coral geobles where he offers you sedation dentistry. Sedation dentistry by Dr. Peter will make you feel at ease while your dental works being done. You'll be sedated just enough to be unaware of the treatment being done. You feel refreshed and have little or no memory of what was accomplished. Dr. P. Edwin does all types of dental work using sedation, crowns, implants, cleanings, fillings, root canal, other general dental procedures. Years of dental neglect can be fixed as little as just a couple visits and Dr. Peter will make you feel at ease while he's doing the work with his sedation dentistry techniques. So don't be afraid of the dentist any more, get healthy teeth and gums for a lifetime. By calling Dr. Renee P. Edwin associates, learn more about sedation dentistry. Lance your questions just call 305-6-1-18-12. Dr. P. Edwin is located at 46-51 P. John Staley on Boulevard, just west of Lysun Road and the prestigious Gables, check them out on the web at flowdistinctenis.com or call 305-6-1-18-12. It's Friday, you bestie! It started as a television hit. The truth is out there, Scully. It became a cultural phenomenon. Come on, Molder, get real. Then it became a little too predictable, Scully. I tell ya. The truth is out there. How did you know? Then it just kind of peed it out with a bunch of lackluster fillings stars until finally. And, mercifully. They produced the expiles finale. Scully, I can see it! What Molder and Alien ship? No, our final paycheck! The expiles finale. At last, you'll get the answers to questions that should have been answered at the end of the very first episode. So, what brand does the cigarette smoking man smoke? If there's three of them, how can they be the lone gunman? And how did Zeeta Warrior princess get into our show? The expiles finale, Sunday on Fox, where the biggest mystery is, How did we ever get to be a network? And how do I manage to invest that every week? Profit...