Hyper-enzac and Dorine and Goldie Howard David have a nice day in paradise on 2M. This is South Florida's only wheel for the yellow UKA. Miami Ford Lutterdale of these re-run cast creations. And wqam.com. Solid citizen that he's become. He didn't dare go up to many because he might go berserk. He took losing so hard. A lot of others nick Nick, well, I kind of bore. You didn't want to be around him after they lost. And they were all the guys who stayed on an even kea like you, almost. Bullies, they gave it up to two. So. This fall on television changes forever. His talent like it is dialed has already impacted millions of Americans. His appearances on Oprah have propelled him into the National Line Light. Get ready for a doctor's fail. Well, Phil, please amare 20 in. No, cry. I'm not crying. Look at me when you talk. I'm looking at you. You're a problem. You're stupid. No, he's a female husband. You got a big butt. Do a your stupid. Why are you crying? You see, I don't have any sympathy for you. You're pleading me by your ear and the 80s. We haven't had sex in like 10. What would that sex with you either? Look at the can on. Dr. Phil. You know, the problem seems to be I come home. I want to watch TV. Why am I about you? Tell me about her. Well, I'm like trying to tell you. She comes into the room. Tell me what she does. Tell me what you do. I sit in the chair and I have the TV on. I should go do busy watching TV is your deal. That's what men want to do. We just want to watch TV. You can't do it. Why want to do it. And we can't do it. See your problem is your dumb. You're a dumb watching TV. It is. Excuse me. I say you're a dumb. Don't I ball me like that. I'm trying to help you. You're on my show. You don't have your own show. Do you? You don't need some of this. Oh, I might be a stone. Idiot. Oh, just a doctor. Phil. See doctor. So he just said. Now why are you talking so quiet? You see already I can tell that you're a pushover. But he doesn't. Don't tell me what he does. But I just don't understand. I watch them and it's for you too. Some of this. Doctor Phil. This fall. He go Mr. Nonservoirs and love for you too. I don't do it. I know. I know. I'm happy 30 day too. And guess what? We're all still alive. How do you like that? Aren't you shocked? So George is out sick today. We think he's still alive. And Miguel is there sitting in that room. That's your first time. Yes, sir. Sitting at that other board, which he's very excited about. And what is this? This is. This is. Schemeful. I saved effort now. This is the second time that he's pulled this crap. You know, yesterday he was building up. Oh, I think I'm getting sick that kind of the. Which, you know, I'm getting credit. I don't think he was sick like all through the summer was he. A little bit, actually. No, I don't mean that, but I mean he didn't miss any work. Well, he couldn't. No, that's my point. He couldn't because, uh, well, I know why couldn't he? When I was doing the show on those who's isn't Thursdays. He could have been out sick. But nevertheless, if we're glad that he used to be sick like all the time, at least three out of every four days. He hasn't been sick for a long time. So I'm trying this other bank here. I am that hemorrhate. On this thing, on the 360, which I haven't used these in a long time. It's down on your hand, and he's and lick my boots. I do this mirror, so it's got a... I just am warning the audience for that. Okay, so here are different things. Or in case I hit like the wrong button. Like, like, push. Picking up the mouth. Bigger than that. Looks like we got filled with pride in there by about 8,000 votes. It looks like, but then, of course, all the networks are busy. Ridiculing the crap out of Florida. We're enjoying that now. Florida. Yeah. Florida. We were used to that. We kind of like that. We like being dumb and stupid. And uh, things like that. Anyway, this, uh, that big yellow disc, fact me is so outrageous. Join George. I guess that's what he's doing right now. He's doing little appearance prep. You've heard a show prep. He's doing little appearance prep. Maybe he's getting his penis polished or something like that. Join George from five this or maybe just clean it out the toe cheese. From five to seven to nine to treasure island. You're going to be there too. I'm assuming. Yes. And Voka Brian. Probably. Treasure Island and I located off the pulmet. Just north of the 120-second street there. And I'm going to stop by for prizes, but why is it special. Plus check out this week's feature. ZO Britain. Sounds like a guy tonight at Treasure Island. They have to go and find out for yourself. So George is too sick to work. But not too sick to be at Treasure Island. How do you like that? Takes a big pair. I'm better guess that both got so natural at this. Yeah. I'm just trying these things out. Our four yesterday, 860 votes. If the election for governor will be held today. Who uh, for whom would you vote? And I was changing again. I hate that every time I look at that damn computer screen. 861 votes. Filmic bride 501 58.1%. I got to go back to bank one. Okay. Or bank whatever the hell it is. Because that's not on bank three. Filmic bride 501. Neither. Neither bill or Jeb 181. And Jeb was comes in behind neither 179. So 58.1 to 20.7 is uh, almost three to one. Who has run in about three to one yesterday. So that's why Jeb was crapping his pants and he had a cost of some win gold coins. He had a mortgage cash. And what this. Lastly. Jimらい. the jinnets butlcher's came out i thought she couldn't have done any better in the brown she had like a seven over seventy percent in the day and about fifty eight percent and brought and what what the hell more could you want but she just didn't have an come out of a what a what and like i tried to explain the if she can't if she can't be the god that nobody ever heard of two weeks ago how the she got a beach at bush and the answer is she wouldn't so all you people out there i'm you know your intentions were good i guess so did have a crash that voted for janit but uh... you know i mean what's the point what is the point of today continuing to nominate candidate who can't win the general election what is the point is a really point at the last have a lot of death wish i was speaking of amazing things this could be the most phenomenal bizarre thing in a long time and in the city and more alive we didn't have any terrorist activities yesterday we had the one system for couple suspicious things minor but nothing really no terrorist activity in spite of what john as croft was saying and a time rigid on the anniversary of the nine eleven terrorist attacks a date often repeated is nine eleven the numbers that pop up for the new or clattery last night were nine one one can you believe that the numbers were picked in the standard random fashion using all the same protocols that a lot of a spokesman carol and hatements just the way the numbers came up anybody believe carol no now we don't believe you sweet heart lottery officials expected no late this morning how many now late this morning i thought it's a later well so a little later on how many people picked those numbers and how much they want to happen said she said the number of winners must be high because the nine one one combination reached a lot of reset limit for combinations and sold out i need given days seven to ten sets of numbers are closed out she said so number of the survey pinnots jep cook or cork at an albine area conveniences a store city sold twenty to twenty five tickets with those numbers just in one store alone but other all the reoccurric far side cost robby said people seem reluctant about fitting and possibly winning on tragedy i think some people were disgusted with the idea playing that number because of represents a black day in history from airfield said for the evening drawing the state of the user's done a use uh... number of all circulating in machine haven't said when they were the first time in more than a year that the nine one one combination came up how do you like that talking about a strange coincidence or maybe the lord was trying to send a message probably not so we're still alive and not only that not only we survive a day when we were in orange alert which we still are by the way but also survived a day when the i got a couple of articles about including one by little bald head of tommy jica about the media covered the insistent on the incident and the thing i have my digital cable here and about seventy five thousand channels because even channels like i have seen the international film channel they had crap on it everywhere you turn all the networks all all of the pressure all day so i had a watch screen TV the horror movies and the uh... movie channel a cornball crap and the game show channel i was at those about basically the only choice you had everywhere you turn put according to st. john see there it is again there it is again give us a break already it's over this is nine twelve now okay we're starting a new leaf a new page in history give us a frequent break can you do it god damn it same old craft just on and on and on how many women crying of course we've seen these horrible stories you know you see if they would have stopped last year like a few days after the attacks if they would have given it a breather then it might have been significant but there's never been they've never let up so there was nothing new and then of course then that was continued to show any of the planes going into the building that the the claim to fame is now well abc they only showed the second plane making the turn banking you know and not then they stopped it they didn't actually show the impact and then the next frame they showed the building already like on fire i guess they want brownie points for that so anyway final palies is the sun sent let's make bride by eight thousand over Reno wow it's a bush is he's probably got to change his underwear every five minutes i sure we don't find a crack cocaine in any old under underpants floor to go but a turtle candidate bill McBride had an eight thousand vote lead over gen or we know that democratic primer early this morning but was holding off under clearing victory as the state continues to sort out a race that brought back memories of that grotesque two thousand fixed presidential election the word fixed being mine at the sun sent well i want to make sure you understand that sun sent will then say that i said it with all precincts reporting i don't want to give you the number of votes you know what is their old jones had eleven point six percent the adarcomplpted guy and he's the one to kept janit out you are aware that aren't you yes because the black folks have voted for janit big time and compared to McBride but nevertheless eleven point six percent most of that would have gone to janit would have been a glance lied although all precincted reported results orange county was still reviewing some ballots that didn't scan properly but it ain't going to be eight thousand jen it in the distance which she got her ass whipped in orange county the fries campaign one of the state division elections to make his victory official before we set aside some republican governor jab bush meanwhile Reno's campaign was mulling its options including a recal request or a lawsuit to overturn a result of it claims that thousand voters returned away at the polls janit said she would be the better candidate cuz she knows her bush a final margin i have a better line for that but i guess i'll save it a final don't start with that you know she could now what's that echo i'm hearing in the back what was that did you hear that for a second no somebody's parking with a pot in the other room i think hey robber cut the craft baby whoever's in there dicken around probably the beast what he's not there today is no he's not he's been away in tomorrow the beast he's going to all all he's hopping on it a final margin within a half percent of the total votes cancels about sixty seven hundred votes would automatically trigger a recap according to the official results the margin was seventy nine hundred ninety one votes out of more than one point three million cash both candidates were cautious yesterday is the threats of lawsuits in recons loom at this point i don't want to talk about it to law until i know what the circumstances are was all that Reno would say she don't want to talk about it we'll see what happens in the prior said i thought it was going to be close but i thought it would have been settled by now i just hope this gets straight enough he'd be saying i think he can beat the jav my stroke i really believe that make no mistake about it and then this put that extra about this old conquer i'll get to in the second after the break and y'all said he saw the picture of this guy from ten wreck he's eighty years old looks like about a hundred eighty is not what you said at least i didn't say that bill that was Miguel i said that what does he know promise after nine at five i still can't believe that the little George is going to do the treasure out of the thing calls in sick this morning oh he's probably like you know getting a makeover for tonight hoping that he gets lucky hey you don't have to get made over to take over you meant all you have to do is open your mouth wide just pop it in your post all your medicine soft self caps let's got a lot of good stuff and it man's got the best olive oil you find anywhere pure potency along with vitamins and minerals and rebels to promote health for all different parts of your body by the way skip a year in asshole they've got one product for your prostate one for your heart your blood pressure and cholesterol only man also makes one for your circulatory system your digestive your endocrine system there's a product specifically designed for your skin bones even one for your mind and believe me it couldn't hurt and florida i'll use an event if it's a pharmaceutical grade out of war like i said the best you'll find anywhere is to don't forget all you made makes products for men and ladies as well you couldn't possibly forget if you listen to this show only man's available at walgreens whole food markets tomorrow pharmacy in synonymous too if you want to get more information about this product and what it can do for you is call their tool free number there'll be more than ecstatic to answer your questions called tool free like i said one eight six six o'clock that's one eight six six o'clock e-o-m-e-d no forget you can order their products on their website and get more info as well olyometamerica dot com five local me it's five sixties the ringers on yours you wait uh warning we have virtually taken the following material out of context without endorsement or permission for most depicted it is our ongoing mission to make everything that is good and decent look as ridiculous as possible we hope we reach that goal or at least major that friends and distinguished guests simply put president bush can read only at the most basic level i'm working with a variety of organizations to achieve president bush's great goal learn basic vocabulary words education is a top priority for president bush and i presented him with the children's dictionary i'm proud that my husband just yesterday he said kindergarten because education brings opportunity our public schools are open to every child in america and president bush thank you for your help and you're welcome i understand Greg is working on teaching the president a new word i don't know how you spell it but he's working on it anyway it's nine seventeen at five sixty q a n so this worker says he babysat florida ballots another part of this uh grotesque embarrassment a brown cady prison curts as he babysat ballots for nearly sixty hours because he was unable to contact voting officials to collect them bill macami eighty in the megal says he looks at least a hundred eighty and that's that's terrible he's old he's an old fart is what he's trying to say oh hey uh eighty said he did the best he could have this precinct in tamarack but macami's to raise what went wrong was one of many that played two days primary elections macami was the only worker it is precinct during the final two hours of voting everyone else left at seven p.m. after an adjacent precinct began shutting down and you want to know why they began shutting down because they didn't get the word they were supposed to stay open to extra two hours by the way my room all of that needs to be canned she needs to be fired as you several articles about that well uh the black people say that i don't care what the dark people say fire her ass okay good and then that's even late he and date county also how to house even hangin on who's he got naked pictures of i think he's got naked pictures of mirrored stearhan and america pincor piccania doing it must have because date county is usual the last and the least and the worst as of this morning they finally got the last two precinct in there who the hell are you people kidnah macami tried to close out the machines on his own after failing to reach county election officials for ass assistance it took macami to 1245 a.m. to reach the regional collection center that's uh two they night but no officials were may i guess one day morning more there at that point so macami took the ballots home he took him home i decided i'd done all i possibly could do macami said what else can you do can't reach anybody else by phone macami was very cautious with the ballots even taken them with him as he ran errands when they're morning uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh election officials arrived at macami's home around one p.m. Wednesday to finally collect the field box county commissioners who's in gunsburgers since you hope the election miscues would never be repeated right to the right as long as you got 95 year old people all at all the polls who haven't got a clue which side is up in which is down it's this heartening it's disappointing and really is a blemish for brown county she said macami said he will not fall into here to work on the election i did a lousy job at curking he said let me ask you a question okay okay because people under the age of 18 can't vote right right why don't they make election day everywhere in the country on national holiday and they train a bunch of like high school and junior high school like you know 16 17 year olds people are aren't enough old enough to vote but who have the day off from school at the you follow what i'm saying detrustic kids too what do you mean do i trust him at least they got an idea of where to plug something in and how to turn it on and that whatever else you know what i'm saying these old farts there the one guy they they were waiting for hours the one machine he heard them talking on CNN this morning john's a roll and they're come to find out that the outlet that had the machine plugged into was dead so and they only found out when they tried to stick their pacemaker plug in there and it there still wouldn't do nothing and they'll let's try this out but oh it works how do you like that now this business ago to the polls and having people were over the age of a hundred it's not going to fly man it's got to stop it's got to stop now all right i think that's a good idea or get some college students to do it some anybody on the age of a hundred people who still got their reflexes still have some kind of idea with a little bit of a planet they're on you could earn a community credit point you know something right community service i'm here in like a necko this morning is it just me or is it that my imagination not see I became an event i think somebody's dick in with something in the other room speaking of that speaking of uh and to show you that high school students are you know they're pretty responsible high point central high school officials aren't laughing at a recent prank where four students come in here to school projector and show to pornographic movie to us expecting classmate oh right the incident took place about two weeks i don't know where high point is anybody know where high point is now somebody let us know where it held is i think in somewhere in New York the incident took place about two weeks ago in the cafeteria before school principal joe yager said the first bus arrived early that morning beating the teacher who normally supervises breakfast why don't they have to have a teacher supervising breakfast do you hear such a thing just a case in case one case somebody brings in portal flicks forest students took advantage of the situation by using the cafeteria seldom used video projection system to show an x-rated tape one which show one of the four apparently brought to school about twenty students were in the cafeteria at the time one of those students left the cafeteria there's always one to notify a school administrator who shut off the tape the agress of the tape ran for less than five minutes jerk yeah what an idiot what a moron i guarantee that kid got the snap beat now to him after school at day i guarantee that there's other nineteen kids lined him up against the wall and just beat him dizzy the video equipment is off limit to students normally the equipment is locked up but the cabinet mistakenly had been left on lockieger said before students responsible for the mouhi pranker and a lot of trouble the agress said school officials called their parents never recommended that the four b suspended from school suspended a sentence we're not gonna have other students exposed to that yager said as he watched the rest of the movie and the privacy of his office how they liked that we're not gonna have the students exposed to that got only knows what they'll be doing speak to that don't forget George and Miguel a treasure island and vocabraner whole bunch of other for me people now he's probably waiting for the pool although he's got plenty of time for brunch this morning I understand iris gonna be brunching between nine thirty and eleven forty five just quitting just before lunchtime taking a fifteen minute break to like you've activated premises that's just a rumor i heard air if i could the could be wrong anyway the pool a question is coming up right after this story to lead right into it and they've been talking about this a lot to last a month and first I guess i must have been sick the last time i saw this story so i'm glad they brought it back pop versus so to debate rage is on in the south it's called coke even when it's pepsi many advanced and say tonic and say i live in Boston two years i never heard anybody order a soda by saying i'll have a tonic tonic did you ever hear that no i've heard a pop on that tonic hey up here it's pop a candidates pop upstate in the orchids pop in the york city it's soda a precious few even order a fizzy drink you're here anybody say oh i have a fizzy drink with my hamburger how cute they're fizzy drink my ass but the debate between those soft drinks and and then is a linguistic undercard in the nation's carbonated warboards the real battle pop versus soda up here it's very big on pop like over at pizza pizza which is the biggest pizza chain in town soda and i'm an episode a slice at a pop for like two and a quarter whatever and the big signs slice in a pop order a soda and Michigan and a soda and you're clearly an outsider in fact a lot of places if you order a soda they think it'd be like an ice cream soda you follow on saying maybe a nice cream soda yep well in a life you say soda they they they want to know is a yahu places they think you're talking about an ice cream soda because they don't refer to it as for pop in the york city and you ask a risk being ridiculed or popped into mouth root void linguistics professor at Harvard University says many Americans are overly passionate about how they refer to the popular beverage family for reasons that are unclear to me people feel like have a license to attack those who say pop as stupid or logical i use coke because i grew up in Houston he said they're not too fond of that around here however it's not as dignified as saying pop well too bad a we like pop here in a Rochester was pop too the pop soda coke divide is always created vegan usually incorrect assumptions about who says what wear voce but for the first time internet technology in 29,000 votes on a website has offered a definition of the debates borders and that's going to be our poll up today Eric that's our poll question what do you call softwareings here the choices coke pop soda tonic or I never drink that you're good choices huh see we always have to have one for the people like you know sour pushes up oh I never drink that you're good what do you call shop brings coke pop soda tonic I mean I ever drink that you meant and you know there's some people order a coke even if they want a Pepsi I do well it goes yeah although I do like Pepsi better cause it's sweeter anyway the strike created eight years ago is an in fact I like Dr. Pecker better than either one of them but they don't have in most places right how about NY9 the strike created eight years ago is a college project as visitors to one of their child after you'll today like I'm in the old rock music days when we used to have a little reverb in the back because evidently it is like a pop crack somewhere and there's just like a little bit of reverb on there which is great I like WABC maybe let's get out the old jingles the strike created eight years ago is a college project as visitors to enter their childhood zip code and they're suffering from they use their vote is then placed on a map as a colored dot what is emerged is a swath of coke votes across the south pop votes in the Midwest in Canada and soda votes in the north east in California and curiously soda votes in say Lewis and Milwaukee who's winning it's a bottle neck and neck it says pop and soda each have about 11,000 rated votes coke has 48 hundred votes that nation might we'll see what our crowd says aside from the well we'll get to the rest of the second let's do the break okay with the more stable copy copy crisis a QA and by the way copy crisis anybody paying attention can't keep it strange he paying attention how about the Gary Sarner absolutely not your liar Gary and the guy who looks just like an Amsterdam was an asshole I just mentioned that in passing anyway it's a 926 and 560 WQM VIP sportsbook dot com that name out a sound very familiar to you by now because VIP sportsbook is the only sportsbook like I've been telling you to be endorsed by all the industry watch dot groups in 1996 because you know times news says you can look but you just won't find a better overall sportsbook then VIP sportsbook dot com and by the way mo quits are coming up the hank is your learned by not won't do any good he hates you like poison but maybe you're looking for more than just a work class booked it offers 24 hour VIP service in the safety of a leader how about the highest parlay odds anywhere up to 2001 minimum bets of only five bucks in free parlay well free with draws 24 hours a day let me say it again free with draws 24 hours a day in a 15% cash bonus added that first deposit and this isn't some jungle book located in sweet water this is dust based VIP sportsbook dot com where they treat you with price and your money is absolutely safe sign up online get to that 15% cash bonus added your account or call them a toll free at 1 866 VIP bets easy to get started just go online log on to VIP sportsbook dot com and don't forget when you sign as bonus VIP sportsbook dot com where you are the VIP VIP sportsbook dot com where you are the VIP sportsbook dot com where you are the VIP sportsbook dot com where you are the VIP sportsbook dot com I like it I like it thank you for calling the football hotline oh baby hold me oh yes that's it I love your illegal use of hands oh complete a pass to my wide receiver oh yes oh yes bond with my Amazon spread my goal post oh definitely a little procedure touch down in my tight and oh yes yes oh 932 at 560 WDQ 90 do you vote on here two on a poll? that's me okay so it's you and me we both voted for coke I haven't said pop in the couponsage because I have a little bit of an upstate the earth for very long time and here I wouldn't go to a place and say oh I'll have a cheeseburger in a pop I just I don't know just sounds a goofy I don't know I have a diet pop of a diet tonic I have a diet fizzy drink haha it sounds as silly as what it sounds it says historically the correct term is fast feet which was defined by soda jerks therefore soda is clearly wrong I have a vanilla phosphate it was great though you see not old enough either one you remember back in the good days of the well I guess they still have a few of them around the soda fountains you know they used to be all over the place and you go in and get a cherry cook and they it would be like you know they have the real syrup you know and they mix it with a of oh it's great now it's all crap out of a bottle be aware that software in kids coming in the south and they're using pop or soda will get you a very strange look at says New Orleans resident christie uh Trent Acosta cook person is one of those who might look as scant that people say pop who say pop a term she says creepy it's kind of murky it's kind of like gee well her she said yeah she's right about that is uh it's hokey which is why in Canada here we use it hey I'll have a pop so pop in a slice logic has a little bit of a person position on the pop soda spectrum voced a cog a kid hearing pop growing up and oh how does it think mmm that isn't sufficient with logical for me I'm not going to use it they use just whatever they when Allen McCons he was a freshman of the California Institute Technology 1993 he broke the ice with new classmates by asking soda or pop one way paid almost 330 thousand votes later the computer programmers now part time linguist florida spits splits almost right in half between co-consoda just like the bush-gorthy we said we're learning the half of florida's a southern state the other half people moved in from the north on no kidding really yeah that's what he says well so there we go we got the two votes on there they're both ours so that pulls going over bigger than halabada but they pull us up by the way and the arrages dot com very important stuff today this might be a little bit more important US threatens world peace as Nelson Mandela one of the world's most recent this is from the BBC I should point out from BBC news world edition one of the world's most respected statesman Nelson Mandela has condemned the United States intervention in the Middle East is a threat to world peace in the interview with US magazine newsweek published yesterday the former South African president repeated his call for president George voice not to launch attacks on Iraq he said that mr bush was trying to please the American arms and oil industries and mr Mandela 84 called some of mr bush's senior advisors including vice president Dick Cheney dinosaurs he said that the US backing for a coup by the shawverine in 53 have led to the countries Islamic resolution in 1979 which of course he's right about that on afghanistan mr Mandela said that US support for the mujahidine including a sum of inla in against the Soviet Union and its refusal to work with the u.n. after the Soviet withdrawal led to the Taliban taking power which again he's right if you look at those matters you'll come to the conclusion that the attitude of the US is a threat to world peace he said mr Mandela said the US was clearly afraid of losing a vote in the u.n security council it's clearly a decision that's motivated by George W. Bush's desire to please the arms and oil industries in the United States of America he said he said that no evidence have been presented to support the claim that Iraq possesses weapons of mass destruction while former u.n. weapons inspector in fact that Scott ridder of questionable uh a veracity has said there is no such evidence but what we do know is that Israel has weapons of mass destruction nobody mentions that he said the former South Africa leader made it clear that the only member of the Bush team he respected colon pal he called mr cheney adanasore in an arch conservative who doesn't want mr bush to belong to the modern age mr Mandela recall that mr cheney has been opposed to his release from prison uh that he's got a grudge under state on hold no grudge but i think he's got a stum right on it travel lags on a tax anniversary oh now we got the 16 votes well how did that happen all of a sudden i got 25 oh you're way ahead of me well anyway travel lags on a tax anniversary airports and train stations around the country where much less busy than usually a study as we expected with any Americans jittery about flying on the anniversary of the terrorist attacks not to mention of course the orange alert airports and train stations around a country watcherless of busy a camp international was virtually empty early similar to 911 last year this is in the same p-times by the way the same p-times is by far the best newspaper in the state anybody why are you and me about that no elsewhere 19 year old Elizabeth springs and abie seamen stationed moderate california flu northwestier lands to attend a memorial service at the Pentagon the worst of it enclosed to avoid becoming a possible target care and breaks who flew American from Boston Long Beach, California and business said flying on 911 brings it all back the vulnerability we felt that day that could happen to anyone any time travelers were given more reason to be nervous after the federal government should that tear alert in order to security workers at airports train stations along waterways to be extra vigilant extra and can you believe this the next uh... bottle i got to say the a Pentagon service for the unidentified remains of the Pentagon tax and they're still covering this and there's the a casket with a flag around it and uh... is this ever gonna end oh Jesus Christ that i want to sound insensitive but talk about overkill talk about just uh... man jet i've heard it after strange behavior we had the uh... a little bit on this yesterday and airliner was ever to defortz met Arkansas yesterday because four passengers behaved strangely on the flight including at least three who locked themselves in a restroom possibly shaving their body here no injuries were reported i remember the uh... hijackers last year uh... that was one of the things that they had to do with shave off all their facial here so that they would like blended looks like a bunch of punks and i did federal official speaking of course on condition of an anonymity because everybody is moment of world of the cause uh... for obvious reasons said the incident was not to believe to be related terrorism we necessarily believe those federal officials now i mean the idea first of all you got three guys janned into a bathroom on a airplane all together which sounds either like a guy named gay or g or else uh... they're in their cooking up something not so good kts tp tv in the aflis were north west airlines is based quoted unidentified sources saying the three men were shaving themselves clean a source speaking on condition of an enemy told a ap that people were to play gave investigator similar accounts after last year's terror attack documents found in the luggage of attack leader mhama dot dog able to be instructions for the suicide hijackers that previous night she had the extra hair from the body and prey the men appear to be of middle eastern descent said jim heres a spokesman for governor mike hawkabee a spokesman scott brener said some people were detained by the fbi at fort Smith but didn't know how many the fbi office at liber box said the men were taken off the plane but they were whereabouts were unknown maybe we sent them off the summer camp because it still summer to the twenty first the bush administration at race the nation's terror alert warning to a second-high-level Tuesday code orange signaling a high risk attack on the anniversary of the night eleven attacks north west airlines flight nine seventy nine and airbus a three twenty traveling from Memphis to Las Vegas with ninety four past years in a crew of five landed at fort Smith lightly yesterday morning uh no fighter jets were launched to accompany the aircraft the north west pilot decided themselves a light at fort Smith as a precaution the airlines had an a statement little suspicious what you say they're inside a a turlet shavin together all three of them shaving the body here they were joining the mhai club is that what i was maybe i already were high i'm still here in an echo in the back and i'm not getting used to what i like it now fact i hope we have it every day we have forty seven voices that what you got yep what do you call soft drinks soda twenty four co- fourteen i don't ever drink that schmitt six pop two and tonic one probably should have put fizzy drink under two some asshole would say oh i call let me have a diet fizzy drink haha haha haha haha can you imagine going into a restaurant even in the like denies and say now have the grand final special and a fizzy drink i don't think so hey if you love your home but you need more space if you're desperate here's the answer for here's what you be doing do what hundreds of other smart people are doing cost strictly additions whether you're having a baby need another room even if it's a baby you don't want you're if you're converting a car porter patty when the living space if you wanted a business for yourself i want to make a home office call strictly additions there you're one stop chop more space for your place place with an absolutely worry for your approach to expand your living space there was no shows by the contractors will not happen in complete work no chance when you call strictly additions no unexpected bills no worries about the job not getting done right and don't forget they take care of every single last detail they drop your blueprint so they get the building permit handle all the inspections strict additions has got that easy five step approach to total customer satisfaction first they call the scheduling free project evaluation employment right at your home or project estimator will determine the scope of your addition secondly they'll schedule a bit of employment in their convenience or where you'll get a detailed proposal and an exact price for the work third select your finishing touches go to contract for if you do the design architectural drugs and that fifth sit back on your lazy ass and relax as your dream edition moves ahead on schedule with unbeatable quality gift strictly additions are called today at nine five four seven nine one eighty one hundred that's nine five four seven nine one eighty one hundred check out the red neville pages their license their insurance professionals who care about doing stupidus work for you be sure to hold the opportunity to call strictly additions at nine five four seven nine one eighty one hundred what you do need on look at that what did I do with that do you know what to do I guide did something you know what to do I guide did something I got it the kids today don't know what's good like that's long I'm happy I live in a split level head you remember that how can you listen I'm happy I live in the split level head I'm happy I live in the split level head you remember that no why am I surrounded by moron come on how he don't you go be how he there nothing's important issue from you oh you're shut off battle okay that's it you're all fired you're fed school with the roof you listen to me you're fired you're helping that goes for you too you know who I am I'm the king of paradise haha I came down here after losing my child to be a big fish in a little park when they kicked me your fears and they told me don't come back again I had some problems with ways guys who would buy some more to tell and they sure yeah fire that's back there later all the way down I got this fucking you're a fire and I hope that it just goes one day I hope you die I hope you're all dying I'm a big fish in a little block the sea I think fish in a little pot you got to pay what you're in the bag I'm a big pet General a lot of big pet General a lot of big pet General a lot yeah I want to money money I do I do I'm a 945 and 560 WQM here's problems you know anyway 64 votes on our survey you got 64 60 you got 66 huh how come this uh how come I'm a little bit in the behind you're slow what what what what do you call software and so I got the soda 33 35 for me aha so like I said so the 35 cook 19 I don't ever drink that Schmidt 6 pop 4 and tonic tonic too well have a tonic although I do see in fact tonic is something different to be honest with isn't it because you'll see like tonic water in the supermarket tonic water's got the sugar in it I think right you can have a gin and tonic for example right yeah tonic water that they use like to mix drinks and that's got sugar in a man it's sweet so well of course it is a cook what am I talking about two dogs detected the center of explosives in a vanity 41's a story office story yesterday forcing the evacuation of the high or house Supreme Court and state agency or phases the or house state the highway patrol said the patrol said a man was in custody no explosives were found sent with detected detected three times by one dog and once by another one said patrol lieutenant Colonel Paul McClellan the man at custody had told an employee on the 28th floor I'm here to install a bomb a clone said the employee asked the man what he was doing because she thought he looked out a place the 28th floor houses personnel offices trooper is looking in the uh... took him in a custody 117 p.m. authorities did not identify more immediately provide any other tales evacuation was ordered to be in convenient within about half an hour about four thousand state employees working the building it wasn't immediately clear how many were affected he was there to install a bomb four times maybe said I'm here to drop a bomb like fat boy maybe she missed under stood maybe that's what it was looking for the turlet always gonna be at least one asshole around or all over the place you know there's probably a talk show color or fact here maybe it's the government a little squiggly handwriting that got George all been out of shape yesterday hey George if you're listening which I'm sure you're not because you're busy prepping for a nice big uh... appearance at treyne around don't let those uh... don't pay any attention to consider the source and he won't do it he is he is the most thin skin little spick i've ever seen in my life he puts on a good veneer you know very thin skin pennsylvania burrow bans gay discrimination council members unanimously passed an ordinance in new hope pennsylvania that may do hope the first small town in pennsylvania to veneer discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation the ordinance approved two-day bans discrimination housing and plumber public accommodations very similar to the one that's on a book in the still out of books and date count action point out and spot of our good christian friends which were given to the men jury delvits the council woman who introduced the bill for the ordinance had new hope and eclectic micks of antique stores boutiques and restaurants about thirty miles north of filth of alfia is a popular home for gay men and lesbians stacey so well the executive director the center for lesbian and gays of a right city of other local governments around the stable past summer ordinances the burrow of new hope a set of president for tolerance community so bullseye let's hear it for new hope right there you go voters keep mimey dates gay rights law the final uh... margin by the way with fifty three to forty seven percent when they finally got everything all tallyed up pretty close six points the pool member we had that poll last week twenty points forget about it like i told you because when they take polls on that a lot of people lie because they know it's not politically correct ago into the voting booth and vote uh... to discriminate to vote their hate this story there's two different stories here and i want you to listen to the difference on sentinel voters keep mimey dates gay rights law mimey dates gay rights ordinance with stota challenge from christian conservatives as voters rejected a proposed a proposal repealed a law the county's political and business leaders at post for the ordinances retention curing a boycott from gay liberal groups and the rejection the region's bid the holdy two thousand four democratic national convention that was be i'll buy pingo pecania was uh... on board so heavy duty in a lot phony little hypocrite which uh... well i'll see about but i guess the vote i thought it fifty three to forty seven like i just said the measure would have repealed an amendment to the county's human rights ordinance that vans discrimination based on sexual orientation housing employment lending and public accommodations supporters and opponents of the ordinance waiting to the last night for a final palia votes as election officials wrangle with technical glitches and other problems that lay the county's ballot count here comes the best part mimey date county mayor alice pinga pecania now spoken supporter the law said the repealed defeat reinforced mimey's images a progressive world class city and here comes the here comes the dumbest quote in the history of the human race all ethnic groups were on the same page on this issue today from elice there's no room for discrimination of any sort where community of inclusion and we send a very strong message all ethnic groups are on the same page i guess you must have missed the point that the uh... his his panic voters voted sixty three to thirty seven to support repeal let me say it again sixty three to thirty seven while the dark folks in date county voted fifty four and a half to forty four and a half against repeal and the non-latten white voted seventy three point seven percent to twenty six point three against repeal but according to mayor pinga pecania continues pandering until his penis almost falls off uh... we're all the ethnic groups are on the same page guess what mayor actually before crap aladyo hoza are messed up take back mimey date a coalition at spearhead of the repeal efforts at only a rig vote could have resulted in the victory for law supporters and plan to call for an investigation of the matter the christian coalition was one of coalitions key members and private field forces are in control of the mayor's office and the department of elections are messed up said a similar ordinance was repealed the nineteen seventy seven after beauty clean and orange use clean spokesperson i need to provide a successful campaign for its repeal he writes a restore nineteen ninety and after new ordinance was passed in law yadiyati adiatic and then you get to the hairls story which is a total different tune by the way we'll get to the johnny united send uh... what's your name stala kim hunter come on you better get with another you know who that is kim hunter things he's kind of tab hunter i doubt it said a good full question can't smust macho tab hunter or kim hunter and who is doing toony perkins uh... herald says narrow victory for gay rights in date the fight to preserve a date county law that protects people from discrimination based on their sexual orientation has succeeded a hairls a system on kind of precinct indicates they're all counted by the way but that's what happens when you got a newspaper you have to put it a bit like one or two in the morning leaders of no discrimination splashed save day the group leading the fight against repeal effort claim victory one day was result available from all but a few precinct the repeal supporters vowed to mount a petition arrived to try again and i repeat is to set a stack in the wind although the margin of it we in two days refer into what was less than the hope and substantially lower than a herald slash NBC six pull last week predicted six points is still six points is not chum change in account of this side said George mercilely one of the saying was organizers take back co-chairman Nathaniel Wilcox called the election at travesty and said the group intends to redouble its efforts the group forced the refer into what would lead to thousand petition arrived at while successful triggering criminal inquiry that recently led to the rest of four group members whatever happens if push comes the ship will start gathering signatures again Wilcox said for this and a goi must be talking about just because we're not successful this time around we're not giving up we will not be slid it we're not discouraged we are in bolden he be saying Wilcox said that anti-refile groups outspent take back by considerable margin as much as then to one campaign finance record show they spent millions of dollars to defeat our efforts Wilcox said as we operate and we operate on a shoe stream budget and we did excellent Wilcox noted the group's initial petition rivalry to thousand failed he said a second referendum could put the repeal moving over the top now where do we get to the part about the uh... uh... uh... uh... uh... about the ethnic thing a poll conducted for the harrel and NBC six last week showed the repeal being defeated by about twenty percent at points a much wider margin than the apparent six percent at point difference on Tuesday political analyze polls on freddie subter such as giverite immigrants and minority rights often missed a mark on polls like this people often given He's socially desirable answer and don't want to admit to somebody they don't know that there are homophobic so Kevin Hill, a political science professor at FI and you. Kailada, that's important for the anti-repeal cross from business elected leaders, did little to sway voters? Well, who listens to the beacon council? My voter cares what they think he said about the county's economic development arm. It makes sure that opinion leaders do not have the same kind of influence over people on personal issues like this. One voting block that seemed to take back, respond to take back the emotional appeal, was his spanic voters. Who blocked back to repeal 63 to 37 percent according to a county sample of predominantly Hispanic precincts? And by the way, we want to get the Puerto Ricans and the Nicaragua and the Colombians and the Hondurans and the Presidents off the hook because Miguel, I hate to say it while you're sitting there and of course George the same yesterday, but it was Cubans, okay? All Cubans, which will get to a second. The other ethnic groups black and non-Hispanic white supposed repeal-agated numbers. Here comes another big fat silly person. Political consultant, Armando Gutiérrez, said he believes a misinformation campaign targeting elderly Cuban voters kept the ballad in close. See, even he admits it. Miguel, you notice was silent. In my conversations with voters, there was a lot of confusion. He said, they were saying, I cannot allow people of the same sex to get married and I told them the ordinance wouldn't do this. I believe a lot of the scare tactics worked. How do you like that, huh? So the old Cubans got him and the problem is the old Cubans are stupid. Is the problem? So I think the way to solve that in the future from not just this election, every other issue, still let the old Cubans vote starting on November 5th. That's a good idea. Yes. All right, you know the ones we're talking about. The ones we're out there in front of the guy named Gonzalez House, over there with Lazaro and what was her name? Maris Grisias. But that crowd. You know the ones we're talking about, the ones that always have the community whipped up into an up or about crap. Those are the ones. No more voting privilege for them. In fact, if you try to vote on November 5th, they're all going back out of an animal. All those old Cubans. Bigoted an asshole. But he called, might he called, might he called, how do you like that? Two can play that game. Who got wrong? There's another one for you. Take that. And you know what's Miguelocene? There are, you got to come in his mouth. 90 votes on a pool. What do you call softwareing? Soda 50. Yeah, I'll have a cheeseburger in a diet soda. First of all, when you're in a restaurant, you order like Coke and I'll say, oh, well, you want to have Pepsi, is that okay? Or should I have it even better? Right? Or something. Yeah. Large Coke, or a small vanilla Coke, or a larger Coke classic. Soda 50. Coke 24. I don't ever drink that. Schmidt 8. Top 5. Hey, come on. Let's get to come on. Canadian's an upstate New Yorkers on there. Only five. Pop is our middle name in upstate New York. And Tonic 3. That would be like, I can't say, what do you call hot dogs? And then of course, like, you know, Texas hot, colonies. That will do that like some other day. That's a good one. Weeners. There's a whole bunch of names for hot dogs. White hot. White hot. Five hundred you guys call white Arnold. Maybe they'll bring us some. Good idea. There you go. Sing. Leave it to me. Even I'm sitting here not any food during the show, which is another reason the show is improved so dramatically. It's a mess in here with a mouthful while I'm on the air. 9. 56 at 5. 60. Now when I was an Amsterdam, I might have had a mouthful, but that's a different story. And I did not. I was almost never on here for mainstream anyway. Was I? Oh, how many shows did I do from there like one? I was doing what I did. Hey, listen, I would much rather have done the show than be sick. Most of the time, it was not the most pleasant summer. I was okay with that nasty sinus infection, infection, infection, man. What a pain in the ass. That was. Thanks to my good friend, Dr. Ham. Thanks, Reverend. Anyway, let me tell you again about your hair blowing all over the place because it's thin and wispy. In fact, maybe some of you guys only have just a handful of hairs left. You can probably count them. And then, of course, the next day half of those are gone. Like Volker Bryant. You can count his hairs like in 10 seconds. But if you want to get some hair back and look better in younger than you have in a long time, you know the answer we've been telling you about Charles Alfieri for a very long time on his show because he's the best. He's got the natural hairline system. That's your choice. You can either get yourself some great looking hair that looks like it's growing out of your scalp, which is what Charlie specializes in. Or you can have a mostly looking thing that looks like a farm animal died right on the top of your head. Like Bob Eisenberg. There is one of those. And I hear the rumor has that he's got a new piece. Is that true? Okay. That's why I heard of Chris D. He didn't probably know him. I didn't see me the one I was down there. Bob Eisenberg got a new piece and he still looks like a silly ass. So he choices that you can either look like him or like Mo, which we don't even want to get into that. He took a bunch of cashmere, cocaine and just poured it on top of his piece, you know, on top of a dead rat. But if you want to look sensational, better one younger than having years called Charles Alfieri at this number, toll free. 1-800-3-2-1-24-13 mentioned my name. You'll get 300 bucks extra off the regular price because the summer special is continuing right now. So it's the smart time to get you some hair. 1-800-3-1-24-13. There's no obligation. They'll show you how much better one younger Charlie can make you look or check it out on their website if you like a Charles Alfieri.com. My-in, local. We're sports video 560s, you and you, A.M. What was I gonna bump? They counted in shit. Oh, I'm sorry. You know, sweetheart, these times we lived in Hamil, Brighton. I wish there was a place to go where we could feel staying. Honey, this might just be the time to move to a bump. //Bump. // I thought it was an Egypt. Why, there's a bump right here in America dear. To know, east bump. And let me tell you there is nothing in bump that any terrorist from what it acts. What about bump? Pfft. I can't even spend this delivered bump. bump. Pfft is cheap. But we have to act fast if we want to live in bump. Because everyone's going to want to move to bump. Very, very soon. What? Want bump? Pfft become a target when everyone moves to bump. Oh, ffft. Pfft. We'll cross that bridge when we come to it. Okay, Bob. Sounds like bump for us. Bum. Because the safest place to be right now is out in the middle of bump. Pfft. 10 or 2 or 5 60 WQAM. That's usually come in trees where we're discussing every before the show this morning. For some strange reason, that's the famous celebrities come in trees and we got two now from yesterday. Two direct tragic stories. I wonder who the third one's going to be. But got about it. Okay. Hall of Fame quarterback, John United's Dines of Hard Attack at 69. Oh, hey. Oh. John United's the Hall of Fame quarterback. He broke nearly every NFL passing record. One three championships for the Baltimore Colson and the 18 year career. He had the last time yesterday at the age of 69. United's thought of a heart attack. Baltimore Ravens spokesman Chad Steele said, still had no other details. United's underwent emergency triple bypass surgery. March 93 after a heart attack. Do you think that might have something to do with it? Could be. John and you with his trademark crew cut in black high tops was the first to throw for 40,000 yards. And I'll rank seven surpassed by a group of quarterback to play an actor with rules that make passing easier. Like Tom Brady. Now he's not passed him yet. How about those Patriots, baby? And I noticed nobody on this station still wants to give many credit. They still don't believe. I believe. I got that sports illustrator right over here. I look at it and I believe. United's retired 1973 season with 22 NFL records. Yadiyadiyani. He'll be always a legendary name in the NFL history league commissioner. Paul Taggia Boo Boo said one of the greatest quarterbacks to ever play the game. He'd put him eyes the position with his leadership skills and his ability to perform under pressure. On the NFL's 50th anniversary in 1969, you notice was voted the greatest quarterback of all time. It was also selected a quarterback to be NFL's all-time team in 2000 by 36 pro football Hall of Fame voters. Ariana goes on for like pages and pay. Am I going to read it? Oh, he's dead. Johnny and I this is dead. There's one number two. Kim Hunter, who won Oscar for role of Stella. Stella. In a street car name is there to die. It's 79. Kim Hunter won a supporting Oscar in 1951. Is the long suffering Stella in a street car name desire. And appeared in three, penned of the EPS movies that Wednesday. She was 79. Hunter apparently suffered a heart attack and her Greenwich village apartments that are daughter Catherine Emmeth. The actress enjoyed a long and busy career in theater, but less in films partly because she was blacklisted during the red hunting the red baiting 1950s. The ugly McCarthy era. Kim Hunter was a fine actress in a wonderful person, said actor Charlton Heston, who co-starred in planet of the EPS the world is lost a unique talent. Well, at least he can remember who she was. Oh, he's going to say he remembers. Hi, I think that's a positive thing. Do you sound of a bitch? A street car name desire was the highlight of Hunter's career. The play was a cast with Marlon Brando, a Stanley Cavalry. Carl Maldon is Mitch. Would that have got to have Carl Maldon's a good actor? Is he still alive? I believe so. He's still alive. Good actor. He was in all fall down, streets of San Francisco. He was Mitch in the street car name desire, which I just said. And Jessica Tandy is the transient, her blanks do-buah. Director Eliak Kazan admitted in his autobiography a life that he had trouble casting Stella because I enjoy looking at girls he said. He ended up hunter. The minute I saw her, I was attracted to her, which is the best possible reaction when you're casting young women. Brando Maldon, a hunter played the roles in the somewhat sanctified, a sanitized film version. Hunter Maldon, Vivian Lee, his blanks, wanted Academy Awards. Despite his unforgettable performance, Brando did not. I wonder if he would have sent that little Indian girl up there to get it if he would have her won it. Hunter told the New Orleans Times picky the 1990s and that after she left street car, she tried to avoid seeing the play with other cast. It's simply that I have no objectivity about it she said. It was so much a part of my life will be unfair to the productions and the performers. Hunter subsequent films were few, and they lacked a lustre street car among them. Devline USA is newspaper editor Humphrey Bogart's a strange wife. Remember that? No, never heard of it. Anything can happen, it's Russian immigrant Jose Ferrer's wife. Remember that one? No. Neither do I. Stormson or minor film starring Petty Davis, of course you know that. No! Never heard of it. And the young stranger and premier Ferrer. I never heard of any of those. So, how she was a good actress though, Kim Hunter. She was okay in our book and now she's dead. Speaking of depressing things, Howard Kurtz. I generally can't stand Howard Kurtz. He's always on CNN every Sunday and that awful show. What's in the name of that show? What is supposedly ripped the media? I don't know what the name. I can never remember the name of the show. I don't want to know the name of the show because it's a bad show. And they pretend that they're like self analyzing the media in their full of gravity. Also wrote that ass sucking book about the stock market in which he looked at the screener's a butthole about 8,000 times. God, Kim Crane, we're just belong on the air just to say hello and go buy his a madman which shows you that the gambling channel is totally responsible. And so far this morning before Greenspan opens up his vigorously post. Markets take another precipitous crap. Television Marks somber anniversary writes Howard Kurtz in the Washington Post. And like I said, I think he's usually full of crap, but I happen to think this is pretty good article. He says it was a date of what keep living in infamy. Thanks to television. And there are now there at the UN. There's some Jews from Israel. The smoke, the sirens, the twisted steel, the suit covered masses running in tear. We saw them all again today on every network at almost every hour indeed. We had no choice and you are absolutely correct. Absolutely man. We're even a goddamn comedy channel that we're doing it. There was a touching moment of silence in 846. I am the first moment of impact of the twin towers, but no other silence on the year during the death of the death of the destruction. Even as they orchestrated the instant replay horror like an endless of prudor film, not no one says not once the script for the last time. 911 read us was a moment both made four television and larger than television. As Rudy Giuliani began reading the names of the deceased of the strains of Yo Yo You know Yo Yo Ma? Yo Yo Who? Yo Yo Ma's cello, a long slow cadence continued by others through the A's and B's. Television was forced to stop. There was no theme music, no anchor chat, no hopscotching to far-fungal kills. Well, it would ordinarily be deemed too dull for broadcasts could not be abandoned in mid-sentence. Agile cameraman captured shots of crying relatives in the crowd, anyone was missing the point. And by the way, you'll notice, we would everybody's always notice. The one thing television news likes more than anything else is catching people crying. Am I right? Very symbolic. So there are obsessed with that. Catching, I'm not talking about actors. I'm talking about like real-life people crying and they keep the camera on like for an embarrassing like the time. Just a tragic. Journalist at convention of the day ruled the day from the moment the morning shows had the trade center collapsing and the Pentagon smoldering because quite simply, you use your most dramatic footage on television. Even if we all seen it a thousand times and countless times more in our heads, even if it still has the power to see or 365 days later. How tough is this day for you, Dan, rather as Christy Fierre, who lost her husband in the lower Manhattan carnage? It's a time to heal, she said now. The victims and survivors were everywhere. Diane Surah, Hill Jill Garton, Veriz, Baby, she recover husbands last words. The obligatory wedding picture was shown. A sort of the official's made the electronic rounds, Julianne, an ABC, Michael Bloomberg, OCDS, New York Fire Chief Nicholas Kapeta on CNN, then Julianne on CNN, Bloomberg on Fox News, Skiffet on MSNBC. Link in Churchill and Twain were quoted. Tim Russell said George Bush had to be the healer in chief. A small orange box at the screens bottom of mind of us, so they hide terror alert and now as much effect of life as the temperature or the Dow. There were no commercials thankfully. The public was not a silent deathly as it's camera switching from New York to Washington to London to Afghanistan. ABC also showed the most disaster footage as it aired a minute by minute reconstruction of destruction. Fox attended justivites' own reprise of the pictures. We do not air them lightly, Anchor John Scott said. We feel it's important for this nation to remember why we're at war. Is if anyone could have forgotten. As if the most high-bound cave door needed the media's help to recall what happened on 9-11, as if we all have merriended every day since then. Soon television was engaged in a split-screen morning zipping from ground zero to Arlington to the crash site in Chanksville, Pennsylvania. When the fan secretary Rumsfeld spoke at the Pentagon, NBC was the only network to blow him off as Katie Kork interviewed an American soldier and Afghanistan and on the right half of the screen his wife and darling little girl as Kork put it in Boston. We now go back to the Pentagon where another somber ceremony is taking place. But Matt Lauer talked over Rumsfeld and NBC quickly switched back to ground zero where relatives were laying flags and flowers on the hell of ground. ABC and CNN also focused on the work where young Brittany Clark was remembering her father while CBS and NBC and Fox struck with Rumsfeld. Jarringly, the remember to seem to compete with each other just after 10 a.m. CNN was covering the ringing bells in Chanksville to commemorate those who battled behind actors in flight 93 when a head of switch to the Pentagon for President Bush's speech on those who were killed because they were Americans. Once the president had finished the talking heads took back to the air waves while CNN and NBC went back to Pennsylvania for a Tom Ridge speech, Tom broke off Kork and Lauer and NBC, Peter Jennings and George Steph on top of us on ABC and rather involved sheeper on CBS. Somehow the coverage was ticking on the familiar media babble feel of a political convention or inauguration. At one point a sergeant made her station in the Pentagon told CBS that it was like being in hell a feeling we could all share today. It's how it occurred. I was going there Howard. A feeling we could all share today. Oh, brother. Thank God the media doesn't overdo things. You know what? Oh boy. And then Tom Jick is in which we'll get to after the break. He little Tommy Jick has gone to come. Even he even added that to his cooking show schedule that he let's share for Tom and working heavy duty baby to articles today and the cooking show schedule for little Tom Jick at the Sun's Senate. Is he doing it or what? 136 votes on our soda pool. What do you call soft drinks? And I see some people would say, well, gee, this is not very intellectual. Of course not. We need to light up a little bit okay. I don't know what the goddamn soda or pop anyway, huh? And if you don't like it, we'll give you a pop. Sona 81. Coke 31. Why not even close is it? Any wonder why that is? Why that? Because we have an enormous number of people from the Northeast as you know from New York Boston, whatever in South Florida. Right? Yep. And they say soda. All of them each and every one except the course for the people in Boston who call a tonic, which I never met one of those. Thank you. I don't ever drink that schmit 14. Pop 7. And Tonic only 3. And I think those 3 probably just fun enough don't you think? They can't really say Tonic. No. I mean, I wouldn't even say Fizzy Green before I say Tonic. Tonic sounds like somebody would take like a berium in him with a tonic, right? Right? Rounds with Colonic. Sticks some tonic in your Colonic and man clean out your ecco like crazy. 12 minutes after 10 at 5. 60 WDQA. Let me tell you where to stick your butt and that's on a great new mattress from Dilematra. That's the way to do it. I've been telling you for a very long time. How's fat boy doing? Is he going to send me any new copy this year? No. He's too busy. A stuck in the toilet. He's locked in there. He tried wheel and his way back in there and the handicraft thing. He can't get out. Just stuck in there. Anyway, if you want to create new mattress when the old one is not doing a good job on you and you're back. Call 1-800 mattress because Dilematra said the people who give you a better deal all the way around. First of all, you don't have to leave your house. You just make that one easy call and talk to people in other crap. Secondly, they give you like a phenomenal deal as far as price, except for little everyday prices and selection. They got them all. They got the top brands in the world. Surt is see these Simmons King Coil and because they got the deepest selection, they've always got the one you want in stock. Ready for immediate delivery. They got the best you'll go on delivery. Any two are one of those convenient for you when you're going to be there. 11-1, noon to two, two to four, three to five, five to seven. You've got to start to catch on and that 30 day in home comfort guarantee. By the way, deliveries any day of the week, seven days of week. So if you want to get you a great new mattress that's going to last you and give you a great night's sleep for years to come. Pick up that phone, just make one easy call to the dialometres. That's what I do. Call 1-800-MATT-T-R-E-S or check them out on the web at mattress.com. My life and love this is Fort Real-Five-50. You wait two, wait, yeah. Holy Macanot! This is Joe Bow on the Voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority Neil God. Hey, ladies, are you okay? Wow, I was trying to take my morning tea and thought my time was on fire. Woo-hoo! Hello, sounds like you might have an SD. S-T-T-T. You mean I'm getting motor oil? No, an SD-D. You know, a sexually transged disease? I did get so much food and chicken I could see out on the corner. What? How old are you? Did you forget to wrap that rare coat? But we only did it once. That's always taking some. Now you're not to go to the doctor, but some medicine. Wow, looks like I learned a valuable lesson today. Hmm. One day, some of the scaring tests are coming soon. Then it will happen when I do. All right. Since 17th and 16th, the WQM, even the chipmunks you got from, generous? No, forget it. I beg your pardon? Nobody's safe. Can I ask you this question? Because I'm watching Kofi-Annen. Okay, you win. And I'm wondering, is she my first kin to Tony Perez, you think? There's Kofi. There's Kofi. That's all a rag sweaters up my sister struck it. He wants those inspectors back in. And now, El President, he's going to be speaking to the, and I have no idea what time that is, but I'm afraid it may be dangerously soon. You think we ought to like put some of that on when he speaks? Yeah, well, we'll play it by you. Yeah, you want to hear it because you're a bush-lucker, okay? You're not fooling any of us. We know how you voted on that referendum on two. They're not fooling us. Mighty Khan, Mighty Khan, see this and other guy. You know, he sucks up because he's making a big bucks on his show. Now, when I want this story, let me ask you this question. You're replacing George in there today because George is out sick. Are you going to get paid for this? No. What kind of a racket have they got going on in that guy damn place? Anyway, what are you like? Some kind of a puppet on a string? Oh, I'm here for George. Give him what they off. I see. In other words, you're doing it for your body because then he'll let you do a turse rally in the night. Maybe he'll get you in with the Zoll Britain. Zoy. Yeah. Is that her name Zoy? Well, yeah, girl, there's Zoy. See, O.E. Zoy is like Zoll, like a long ago. Yeah. Well, maybe she looks like a long ago. Maybe she's got a pretty large penis. Could be. I guess you'll find out tonight at the turse rally. Don't forget Miguel and George and the Boko Brian and a bunch of other very desperate guys are going to, well, I guess you're not desperate. We'll be there five to seven tonight, Treasure Island. Just off the moment or north of the 122nd Street, actually we'll have our usual crappy QM prizes and Budweiser specials. And Zoy Britain. Well, why didn't you correct me on that the first time I read it? Alright. But you were just going to sit there and let me read it wrong all day long. In addition to which nobody calls anybody Zoll. You know, a line, if the lines are there first name, they're called like Zoll, I guess. Like a line, so you're so big, it's hit a one, so on. And we would want to make a, because you've got that kidney thing, you know, we don't want to make fun of him. And that in bad taste. Yeah, what's that with though? Boy, the future is scary, right? Big Roney, one of our most iconic facts is of all time. He says it has used become a smaller and smaller percentage of population because it's the liberal Jews that help keep freedom for minorities in our society and also they help keep a lack of censorship in the media. Whether or not people believe in the non-existent God, the Jews is a race of people. The most prominent liberals keeping this country from these crazy thinking nuts like the Christian coalition and by the way, Japanese, whatever you said. Now here's Tom Jikosti, I know we get to it. I bet he's got their radio cranked up so a lot of his good vibrations from a geotom who doesn't like the way that this show. You know, time here entitled to your opinion. If you don't like the way this show is now, that's fine. You don't have to listen. Listen to the Lard ass at noon. He's right up your alley. Listen to what what's his name? Bill O'Donnell. O'Reilly? I like Bill O'Donnell better. You know, Bill O'Donnell, the magic man. Let's start doing harness racing names. O'Reilly, Tom, on their hands to fill, Lard's Tom Jikosti, and today's son, son along with a cooking show schedule is in there too. The first anniversary of 911 brought more of TV's finest hours. Unfortunately, only two or three were in Wednesday's marathon coverage which began before dawn and extended past midnight. And by the way, it was still going on this morning, Tom. The medium's unparalleled ability to bring the nation together was reiterated by these stirring images transmitted from morning ceremonies in Lard Manhattan. At the Pentagon on the field in Shanksville, Pennsylvania, where Flight 93 dove to its death. The aspect of the commemorations with the greatest potential for a TVM, the three hour recitation of those who died at the World Trade Center, produced moving scenes which will live forever with those who witnessed them. Historian Doris Currents Goodwin, on NBC noted that his staggering as the death toll was, the litany was reminded that each victim was not just an individual loss, but a source of overwhelming sorrow for everyone who knew and loved them. Many survivors were seen sobbing as they walked on these seven-story ramp to ground zero, where they placed a flower in a circle of honor, some not only wind-wiped dirt to scoop up soil, but many were accepted to for the means of loved ones whose bodies will never be recovered. ABC's Peter Jennings occasionally interjected personal details of those who lost their lives at their workplace had tried to save the lives of others. WPLG channel tends split the screen between the ABC feed and locally generated shots of ceremonies in South Florida including an assembly at Fort Lauderdale's Lockhart Stadium. Alas, the biggest public-weight combination of history is seen in the bill hammered up the day, was essentially over by noon, which left the networks eight hours to vamp until the evening events can't find a dress to the nation by President Bush. Instantly history gave way to mockish reminences and unproductive finger pointing in monotonous rehashes. Productively, the networks couldn't resist filling time with some of the most disturbing footage from last 9-11. ABC was the most frequent offender, but every network found a backdoor way to justify reusing tape all had promised they would use with great discretion. ABC was a step beyond exhibiting still shots of prints and workers leaping to their debts, images that for the most part of the public had to mercifully spirit. You know, my luck, I happen to be channel surfing at that time just when they put that crap online tonight. And I sat there with my mouth a gait, you know what I mean? I'm thinking, why are they showing this? Did you see them? No, fortunately I missed that. The pictures of the people, I mean we've seen the moving pictures of people jumping out of the buildings, but they showed the freeze frames still shots and with it just sick, really sick. And they showed like a whole serenity like, I don't know, they may still be shown in for all I know because I finally have moved on. There was so much time to fill in so little compelling material to do with those Tommy, that video librarians must have been the busiest people at the networks. Nevertheless, these rehashes were more compelling than the town meeting of cablecade of talking head saying nothing fronted by NBC's Tom Brokaw. The sign-fell gang had a celebrated buzzphrase which perfectly described the lumbering three hours, Yadayada Yada. It was a welcome respite when local channels flooded in several times for updates on the latest election fiasco in South Florida. And a violent storm which was menacing Broward County, the latter proved to be a false alarm, but it's still among the closest thing to anything significant on the year all afternoon. Right, Tom, Jack, and not bad, Tom, not bad. Keep working on it. You'll get there. Not as good as the Howard Kurtz column, but then again, he writes for the Washington Post, not the Florida Sun Sentinel. Get on with it, writes, Christine Ablizard in the Toronto Sun. They're wearing some pretty heavy duty stuff up here, and you know, some not use most of it. That article from the Toronto Star, where it laughed a few days ago, that was excellent. Magnificent. Did you hear that? Of course not. You were listening to that crap. I hope you were in the back room doing Doreen, no doubt. Get on with it. Well, not that. Morning. That's with you. Morning. And maybe she's talking about Alonso morning. Should be private, not themed to the world on CNN she says. What an excellent point. What more can one person write about today that has not already been said about that awful morning a year ago and claims brought down the Twin Towers of the World Trade Center, Slimdenly Pentagon, a crash into a field in Pennsylvania. We've lived in Relive, those ghastly images. We've read the points and stories of so many people cut down in the prime of their lives. And of course, we should all pause to pay our respects to innocent victims of those dreadful acts. But after today we need to move on, says Christiane. Over to past you. We've seen an orgy of grief and rightly so. With so many taken so brutally, I guess we all need to tend to reflect on our collective laws. Frankly, though, some of the memorials are becoming mockish and embarrassingly tacky that I feel sorry for the families of the victims. How can they mourn and come to terms with their grief when we expect them to carry the rest of the world along with them? Public tributes have been so frequent, so inappropriate and so modern that they only serve to open still raw wounds. I feel for those people, not only must they cope with their losses, they have to somehow to their grief come for the broader population as they come to grips with what happened. Morning is no longer a private thing, it must be done in the form of the world on CNN. I'm not sure if it's just the US is a young nation or if it's simply that they ever present TV cameras have changed the way we mourn, but it seems to me that grief these days has expressed far differently than it once was. And this is not necessarily a good thing. I suspect it's TV that has changed everything in Britain for example when John of Kennedy was assassinated. The BBC pulled all programming and my only image of a globe turning to funeral music. Now they run endless replays on CNN. But how much comfort or spiritual healing do you get from a daily dose of TV driven hysteria? It seems to me that Brits had the most meaningful response after 9-11, the queen ordered the playing of the star-spangled banner outside Buck and Ampalis, that after the attacks, not just to comfort American tourists, random London, but as a gesture of solidarity and defiance in the face of tragedy. And it seems to me this has been lacking in American response. There's no stiff upper lip. Oh sure if you drive South you'll see plenty of bumper sticker out rage and flag waving, but you shouldn't confuse jingle wisdom with a kind of steamy determination you saw in the two world wars. I've parents lived through the London Blitz for three years along with millions of others. They spend nights huddling in air raid shelters as wave after wave of bombers devastated the city. As a London police officer my dad used to go out, have to go out in the blackout. Every day the city would wait to new devastation. Yet Londoners didn't panic, of course they had strong leadership. Not only did Winston Churchill's order to get them through, the king and queen still had support for working people gave them courage. Can John Cretchen and George Vorskomeni were close? It's the same kind of strength you see from that generation of Canadians who served overseas in the war. King Holman said very little of what they had done. One man I know spent months in a German prisoner of war camp and almost starved to death on a forced march. Another widow told me about her merchant marine husband who ran convoys in the Atlantic Pacific and in the inocions. For a Pito three times it wasn't something he talked about. You came home you got on with it and you cope with that without grief counselors because back then that was the way it was. In Israel every day it seems cafes are blown to bits by suicide bombers. Yet as rate is continued to go about their daily lives in defiance of the terrorists. One of the honest incidents over the past year was the bid to carry the ground zero stars and stripes flag in the Olympic stadium. I couldn't help wondering why you'd want to carry a symbol of destruction for all the world to see. That flag belongs to the past. It should be in the Smithsonian as a reminder of those dreadful events. In American security the biggest proudest flag they can find in international events to show you can't keep a great nation down. So let's mark the anniversary today with solemn reflection and heartfelt sympathies for those whose lives are ripped apart by the attacks. But in the society America must move on before it becomes paralyzed by self-pity. Good cow by Christina Blizzard and Toronto Sonny. Oh god. 1027 at 560. WQM. How is contact directo and haven't seen him in a while? He's still the same asshole. That's what I'm here. That's the report we're here and up here at Toronto. Time to act same asshole. Let me tell you if you want to get out of a dead dead job and start making some real big bucks like Todd is making. And we have no idea why he's making it. Get yourself a great job and of course the way to do that is become a computer professional. How do you do that? Well you find a good school that'll help you do it. There's only one that's got four convenient locations all over Dave and Brown. Not of course new one and Kendall included. There's one school that's got certified Microsoft instructors. Convenient they evening weekend classes. One school that's got full Todd job placement department over 30 years experience. When you go to fast training you can put your program get certified in just four short months. Hands on training we're talking about and like I said it's fast train. That's the school you ought to need to be getting with. You've heard us talk about him for a long time so today if you want to get you a real career and start making a paycheck as we're talking about get off your butt pickup that phone and call fast train. Be sure and tell him Todd direct recommended that you call one eight six six fast train. That's one eight six fast train or check him out on that wicked worldwide web at fast train. My life and local this is for 205 50. Anyway. Todd, it's way down on my dog. The following commercial was childishly edited from its original form in Dora owned for her to version any resembling an actual commercial about this program is purely out of less than an in a way affiliated with the advertiser but it doesn't make us laugh. What's in your ice cream powers for a baby 80 it sounds like two feet now check out Brieers in the black fact now she's a man and natural fire. Brieers ice cream it's only natural it made me go. Or you don't want to forget to mention again I've been last promo. Yeah I forgot to keep reminding that to the audience another cream puff another walkover. Pretty soon I'm going to start playing high school teams look at this week score for hundred points this week we're number one baby. Anyway, mixed with people feel better you know they can't do an election right for this year. Got some real football teams. So here's a facts from Malary who says the Catholic movie board was called the Legion of Degency your correctly kick Carson the western show from the 50s the actor name on owner may marry Delas Street from the Paramation show and their kid played the part of hero yet a kid was William Cat. Another greatest American hero. Flanthed it William Cat and kick Carson my guess somebody could look that up on the internet right maybe a re-chuk could look that up. Kid Carson myster and show. You think he's working on it he's I'm sure he is. He's gonna I'll give me that information about get rid of the span by the way because I can't I can't get that I can't get it up. So get it here. Oh seriously he gave me the name of the thing and I checked it out and I tried to add a word and I tried to download it and it wouldn't like it. It wouldn't download. I've got a whole bunch of sites here listed. I'll get a text one. Okay also it says on election day close government offices and forced use closed government offices and use that workforce to carry on the election process. Well that's not a bad idea it should be an national holiday. I mean the idea that we have elections we're always bitching and belly aching about the fact that not enough people vote and then they get there and they have to wait like two hours they still can't vote and then a bunch of 400 year old assholes have no idea what they're doing and they give them the wrong balance and this is a goddamn country where we really want to have people vote. We don't want to have people vote. We don't want to have a lot of people vote. In fact a few were a number of people can vote then the easier it is to control and find a few dead people to like get the outcome you're looking for. This next story is so important that I look through my stack here through my piles. I realize that I printed this out twice and once you hear what you're understand why okay maybe it has significant the meaning to me. London scientist in the US have come up with news that may help millions of men they've succeeded in growing major parts of penis in the laboratory. The headline on this is research holds hope for generally challenged men. The test tube penile parts were successful used to rebuild the members of rabbits who after rest in recuperation put them to the use of rabbits or famous for. They were able to copyulate penetrate and produce sperm Anthony at a Tallah who's team in Harvard Medical School carried out the experiments. They told new scientists magazine. He said the researchers were not trying to grow entire penis into the test tube. Oh my god. What's that in that test tube? It's a penis. The also said the technique was in early stage would be a while before the technique was tried with human tissue. I wonder if Janet's got one of those. The scientists have only been successful in growing the erectile tissues of rabbit penises not the entire organ and all cases the erect member had been reduced for a month to the 60 year old against that of a more viral 30 year old. The reduced firmness of a 60 year old. Well I got news for you Mr. Rabbit. Okay. I got a real surprise for you sweetheart and it's about the size you can relate to. I would say that I have like you know kind of like a rabbit penis. People smuggled by an air candidate trial for all my friends in air Canada. You're not going to be too happy with this story and it's from the Toronto Star Ray so it's not some propaganda from some other foreign country. This has been going on for years at Heathrow Airport they say. London. A British airport security officer charged with smuggling people on air Canada flights to Canada. So the practice is widespread and has been going on at Heathrow Airport for years. Ever been in Heathrow in London it's a dump. It is a real dump and the other problem is you know what the other thing is too many Brits there. Anthony Krieger a supervisor with the security firm employed by air Canada and Heathrow. Testified it as trial yesterday that he was part of a ring that let people aboard care Canada flights with fake or stolen passports from 1998 to May 2001 when he's arrested and of course that's a great time for it. Two isn't it. This has always been going on Krieger told a court in the London suburb. Unless the government spends a hell of a lot of money on security at the airport it would be impossible to stop it. Krieger's testimony raises serious questions about security and one of the world's busiest and dumpiest airports especially in the wake of the terrorist attacks last year. Detective Inspector Mark Pepper, an overlay from the club, seen investigating officer for Scotland, the arts human smuggling unit at Heathrow estimated in the interview that the country's first 100 is likely board a Canada bomb flight illegally by using the smuggling ring Krieger work for hundreds. Once intended the passengers would apply for refugees status. Despite the arrest of Krieger and two others who worked in a security firm there's no evidence the smuggling ring has been disbanded. Krieger 38 said the group preferred smuggling people on air Canada flights bond from Montreal and Vancouver. Toronto he said was generally avoided. Well thank goodness for that we got enough foreigners here already. The fourth international terminal made it too easy for Canadian immigration officials to determine that the illegal immigrants arrived on air can't get a flight from London. So Lisa doing a good job here at Pierce nay that's another dump but we're building a new one. So Joe Tode had a great time up here huh? Yep. Joe Costell has two bodies that had a great time here in Toronto way. I steer them right. Air Canada would then be fine for carrying the legal past years raising suspicions that could have jeopardized the London smuggling operation Krieger said if they would have come to Toronto and got caught. In Montreal the illegal immigrants could wait instead in the terminal for hours and mingle with passengers that arrived from around the world. Before requesting political assignment they destroyed all identity documents and ticket subs making it difficult for Canadian officials nowhere to come from Krieger said but air Canada caught on nonetheless high school in air Canada better late than ever sweet arts. The airline took its suspicions to Heathrow. I guess I better mention my friend Helen right because you got said if I don't. How you doing Helen A? The airline took its suspicions to Heathrow's authorities who opened an investigation led to the arrest of Krieger and two of his colleagues. Fisee Alam Ramon 28 and Creteach Vajas 22. Those are just the kind of people you want to have smuggling illegal folks into the Western Hemisphere right? Not. All three worked for initial aviation security, private security from that continues to be employed by her Canada to check transports of course before boarding in guard planes at Heathrow. All three are free to guilty to charges of conspiracy committee corruption by accepting the crime system. People. Krieger's suspected of helping the scoggle of the 48 people including Algerians, Iraqis, Pakistanis and Shree Lankans on air Canada flights from London between July 2000 and May 2000 and one of the admits having smuggled more than 16 people most of them from Indian nationality. The rest he said likely board their Canada flight due to mistakes made by inexperienced employees of initial aviation security. He's gone by the way. Who's that? Oh the president since of our world. Can you believe I ran through by saying the president? Yesterday we remembered the innocent lives taken that terrible morning. Today we turn to the urgent duty protecting other lives without illusion and without fear. We've accomplished much in the last year in Afghanistan and beyond. We have much yet to do. How many cars do I need to walk by the way? And beyond. Many nations represented here have joined in the fight against global terror and the people of the United States are grateful. The United Nations was born in the hope that survived a world war. The hope of a world moving toward justice. Escaping old patterns. They're exactly. Draw from the UK and fear. That's the last draw. Okay we got to do break to our G. Don't do any good stuff while we do the break and then get to the important stuff like roll up your rack when we come back. Georgie. Not you, Georgie Bush. Did you think I was talking to you? Yeah. You better start saying you're talking to me. Let me tell you one place we're talking about. See you're taking up time now that the president could be speaking. Our deliberations would be more than talk. See. Anyway, more than talk at Brandy's. They really deliver what they promised because they got phenomenal selection of great name Brandt shoes. And every day unbeatable prices. That's what made Brandy so famous. How can a cell these great names? That's what prices. What they've been doing. That's why everybody loves shopping there. The people there know your feet inside and up. And they'll hook you up with exactly the kind of shoes you love. Rockports, SAS, Spirits, Timberland, Naturalizer and lots more. They got them all. And like I said always. It's unbelievable prices. And exactly the size you're looking for too just about always in stock at Brandy's shoes. They're open daily 9 to 9 Sundays 10 till 5. And you'll find Brandy's in the same great location they've been doing people's feet right for years at 1290 North Federal Highway in Papua, Beach. And right now it's a final summer clearance close out sale for a select group of famous brands that up to 73% savings only at Brandy's shoes in Papua, Beach. And local, these five 60s, the rain years old yours now. You, we, yeah. I just want to continue their march to seize other countries and their resources. He's going after a record of maybe. They've saved an appeased and staff your thousand. He would have endangered the peace and stability of the world. Yet this aggression was stopped. But a might of coalition forces and the will of the United Nations to suspend hostilities, to spare himself, Iraq's dictator accepted a series of commitments. The terms were clear to him and to all. And he agreed to prove he is complying with every one of those obligations. He is proven. Instead, only his contempt for the United Nations and for all his pledges. By breaking every pledge, by his dececeptions and by his Cruelty's. Saddam Hussein has made the case against himself. In 1991, security council resolution 68 demanded that the Iraqi regime cease at once the repression of its own people, including the systematic repression of minorities. Which the council said, threatened international peace and security in the region. This demand goes ignored. Last year, the UN Commission on Human Rights found that Iraq continues to commit extremely grave violations of human rights and that the regime for oppression is all pervasive. Tens of thousands of political opponents in ordinary citizens have been subjected to arbitrary arrest and imprisonment. Some are execution and torture by beating and burning, electric shock, starvation, mutilation, and rape. All of these are concealed from the world by the apparatus of a totalitarian state. The UN Security Council through resolutions 686 and 687 demanded that Iraq return all prisoners from Kuwait and other lands. A RAC regime agreed. It broke this promise. Last year, the Secretary General's High-level Coordinator for this issue. reported that Kuwaiti, Saudi, Indian, Syrian, Lebanese, Iranian, Egyptian, Bahrainian, and Omani Nationals. Remain on account for. More than 600 people. One American pilot is a monum. In 1991, the UN Security Council through resolution 687 demanded that Iraq renounce all involvement with terrorism and permit no terrorist organizations to operate any rock. Iraq's regime agreed. It broke this promise. In violation of Security Council resolution 1373, Iraq continues to shelter and support terrorist organizations. That direct violence against Iran, Israel, and Western governments. Iraqi dissidents abroad are targeted for murder. In 1993, Iraq attempted to assassinate the Amir of Kuwait and a former American president. Iraq's government openly praised the attacks of September 11th. And al-Qaeda terrorists escaped from Afghanistan and are known to be in Iraq. In 1991, the Iraqi regime agreed to destroy and stop developing all weapons of mass destruction and long-range missiles. And to prove to the world it has done so by complying with rigorous inspections. Iraq has broken every aspect of this fundamental pledge. From 1991 to 1995, the Iraqi regime said it had no biological weapons. After a senior official in its weapons program defected and exposed this line, the regime admitted to producing tens of thousands of leaders of anthrax. And other deadly biological agents for use with scud warheads, aerial bombs, and aircraft spray tanks. UNispectors believe Iraq has produced two to four times the amount of biological agents it declared. And has failed to account for more than three metric tons of material that could be used to produce biological weapons. Right now, Iraq is expanding and improving facilities that were used for the production of biological weapons. United Nations inspections also revealed that Iraq likely maintains stockpiles of the X, mustard, and other chemical agents, and that the regime is rebuilding and expanding facilities capable of producing chemical weapons. In 1995, after four years of deception, Iraq finally admitted it had a crash nuclear weapons program prior to the Gulf War. We know now, we're not for that war, the regime and Iraq would likely have possessed a nuclear weapon no later than 1993. Today, Iraq continues to withhold important information about its nuclear program, weapons design, procurement logs, experiment data, and accounting of nuclear materials and documentation of foreign assistance. Iraq employs capable nuclear scientists and technicians. It retains physical infrastructure to need it to build a nuclear weapon. Iraq has made several attempts to buy high strength aluminum tubes used to enrich uranium for a nuclear weapon. If you should Iraq acquire Fisile material, it would be able to build a nuclear weapon within a year. And Iraq State control media has reported numerous meetings between Saddam Hussein and his nuclear scientists, leaving little doubt about his continued appetite for these weapons. Iraq also possesses a force of scut-type missiles with ranges beyond the 150 kilometers permitted by the UN. Work-attesting and production facility shows that Iraq is building more long-range missiles that it can flick mass death throughout the region. In 1990, after Iraq's invasion of Kuwait, the world imposed economic sanctions on Iraq, those sanctions were maintained after the war to compel the regime's compliance with security council resolutions. In time, Iraq was allowed to use oil revenues to buy food. Saddam Hussein has subverted this program, working around the sanctions to buy missile technology and military materials. He blames the suffering if he rocks people on the United Nations, even as he uses his oil wealth to build lavish palaces for himself and to buy arms for his country. By refusing to comply with his own agreements, he bears full guilt for the hunger and misery of innocent Iraqi citizens. In 1991, Iraq promised UN inspectors immediate and unrestricted access to verify Iraq's commitment to rid itself of weapons of mass destruction and long-range missiles. Iraq broke this promise. Spending seven years deceiving, evading, and harassing UN inspectors before seizing cooperation entirely. Just months after the 1991 ceasefire, the Security Council twice renewed its demand that the Iraqi regime cooperated fully with inspectors, condemning Iraq's serious violations of its obligations. The Security Council again renewed that demand in 1994. And twice more in 1996 deploying Iraq's clear violations of its obligations. The Security Council renewed its demand three more times in 1997, citing flagrant violations. And three more times in 1998, calling Iraq's behavior totally unacceptable. In 1999, the demand was renewed yet again. Oil. As we meet today, it's been almost four years since the last UN inspector set foot in Iraq. Four years for the Iraqi regime to plan in the build and to test behind the cloak of secrecy. We know that Saddam Hussein pursued weapons of mass murder even when inspectors were in his country. Are we to assume that he stopped when they left? No. History, the logic, and the facts lead to one conclusion. Saddam Hussein's regime is a grave and gathering danger. To suggest otherwise, it's a hope against the evidence. To assume this regime's good faith is to bet the lives of millions and the peace of the world in a reckless gamble. And this is a risk we must not take. Delogates to the General Assembly. We have been more than patient. We've tried sanctions. We've tried the carrot of oil for food and the stick of coalition military strikes. But Saddam Hussein has defied all these efforts and continues to develop weapons of mass destruction. First time we may be completely certain he has a nuclear weapons. This when God forbids he uses one. We owe it to all our citizens to do everything our power to prevent that day from coming. The conduct of the Iraqi regime is a threat to the authority of the United Nations and a threat to peace. Iraq is entered a decade of UN demands with a decade of defiance. All the world now faces a test and the United Nations a difficult and defining moment. Our security council resolution is to be honored and enforced or cast aside without consequence. With the United Nations serve the purpose of its founding or will it be irrelevant? The United States help found the United Nations. We want the United Nations to be effective and respectful and successful. We want the resolutions of the world's most important multilateral body to be enforced. And right now those resolutions are being unilaterally subverted by the Iraqi regime. Our partnership of nations can meet the test before us by making clear what we now expect of the Iraqi regime. If the Iraqi regime regime wishes peace, it will immediately and unconditionally forceware, disclosed, and remove or destroy all weapons of mass destruction. Long-range missiles and all related material. If the Iraqi regime wishes peace, it will immediately end all support for terrorism and act as suppressor. As all states are required to do by UN Security Council resolutions. If the Iraqi regime wishes peace, it will cease persecution of its civilian population, including Shia, Sunnis, Kurd, Turkomans and others. Again as required by Security Council resolutions. If the Iraqi regime wishes peace, it will release or account for all Gulf War personnel whose fate is still unknown. It will return the remains of any who are deceased, return stolen property, except liability for losses resulting from the invasion of Kuwait and fully cooperate with international efforts to resolve these issues. As required by Security Council resolutions. If the Iraqi regime wishes peace, it will immediately and all illicit trade outside the oil for food program. It will accept UN administration of funds from that program to ensure that the money is used fairly and properly for the benefit of the Iraqi people. If all these steps are taken, it will signal a new openness and accountability in Iraq. And it could open the prospect of the United Nations helping to build a government that represents all Iraqis. A government based on respect for human rights, economic liberty, and internationally supervised elections. The United States has no quarrel with the Iraqi people. They've suffered too long in silent captivity. The liberty for the Iraqi people is a great moral cause. And a grace for Tejit Gold. People of Iraq deserve it. Security of all nations requires it. Free societies do not intimidate through cruelty and conquest. And open societies do not threaten the world with mass murder. The United States supports political and economic liberty in a unified Iraq. We can harbor no illusions. And that's important today to remember. So that I'm going to say an attack Iran in 1980 and Kuwait in 1990. He's fired ballistic missiles at Iran and Saudi Arabia Bahrain and Israel. His regime once ordered the killing of every person between the ages of 15 and 70 in certain Kurdish villages in northern Iraq. He has gas many Iranians and 40 Iraqi villages. My nation will work with the UN Security Council to meet our common challenge. The Iraq's regime defies us again. The world must move deliberately decisively to hold Iraq to account. We will work with the UN Security Council for the necessary resolutions. But the purposes of the United States should not be doubted. The Security Council resolutions will be enforced. The just demands of peace and security will be met. Or action will be unavoidable. And a regime that has lost its legitimacy will also lose its power. The United States will be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to not be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be forced to be admitted to be forced too. Till then nothing left to see on the right Till Saturday 6pm on the right Blow up the creed on the right And then the rain has come to us And heaven goes the day And the day I heard of a phone call If we land and prepare We're in little deal with Because it's not a big strength won't be there I'll hear up We bring it to an end I'll hear up We're blowing up again Five year round Lamo's seen in Five year round Oh We're all Five year round We're toasters to the boat Five year round From here to prison Five year round Five year round Five year round Five year round From Sam allegedly See the jury is trying to type Now instead of the little squiggly handwriting Just desperate to get to Whatever Anyway there's only a couple of minutes Or what else president at the end I think he made it pretty clear He made it clear That you know, send the inspectors back in We know that they're not going to apply And then get ready for Obama's pretty much what he said Speaking of a rack A rack he newspaper is marked the anniversary of 911 He's a member of the country He's a member of the country He's a member of the country He's a member of the country He's a member of the country He's a member of the country He's a member of the country He's a member of the country He's a member of the country He's a member of the country He's a member of the country He's a member of the country He's a member of the country He's a member of the country He's a member of the country He's a member of the country He's a member of the country He's a member of the country He's a member of the country He's a member of the country He's a member of the country He's a member of the country He's a member of the country He's a member of the country Many Arabs have Avec 911 W... � малень Black Iw sticks Really produced hail Snow can anaudible This temperature in Pakistan In racism The anaudible Sounds like a bunch of Afghanistan In everywhere if it goes on, it's aesthetic invasion of Kuwait. Events like September 11th are sad, but it's an opportunity for the American people to feel what bombing could do to nations Ali Ahmed, a 47 year older runs a Baghdad stationary shop city yesterday. The first anniversary of the attacks, America's proven that as no respect for nations if I want to change the government in Iraq, how would an American feel toward somebody wants to change his government? Stanks are imposed by the UN Security Council for Raks invasion of Kuwait cannot be lifted until the inspector is certified back that is surrendered nuclear, chemical and biological weapons and the missiles to deliver them. If they enjoyed seeing us suffer under sanctions for 12 years, we should enjoy seeing them suffer, said Samira Kodhime, a 53 year old housewife, I show her never stopped asking me at night, when is America going to bomb us? Samira, I think we have the answer pretty soon. Whether you like it or not, pretty soon. Yep, yeah, I think they pretty much made up their minds. Haven't you? Sounds like it. Did we ever find out about Kikarsan by the way? Yeah, yeah. Now, I'll retext till working on it. These people here wouldn't know Kikarsan from Johnny Karsan, that's all I could tell you. Okay, but us old timers, I just barely vaguely remember the name. 243 votes on a pool in a course. You know, we went a little over on the break there a couple minutes because we got the crucial stuff. I don't think we got it all in. 243 votes on a pool. What do you call soft drinks? Because there seems to be this big debate. This is depressing stuff that the public is worried about. The government's worried about oil and money. I mean about the terrorism and the public were concerned about what do you call soft drinks. I'm serious. This is what we're concerned about. Of course, who's going to win a big football games this weekend? 243 votes. So do 150. Overwhelming. Coke 46. I don't ever drink that crap 25. Pop 16. And tonic. Six people want to gin and tonic. On a chapter 11 at 560 WQA, I'm here with the news about the 3.95% mortgage. It's true if you've been thinking about it. Here's the time to take some action. Now, the time to buy a home or refinance of existing home at the unbeatably low rate of only 3.95%. If you got yourself a 7.5% mortgage, the 3.95% rate could save you over 3.5% or over 3.500 bucks the first year and a $100,000 mortgage. Don't make things hard for yourself. Don't make them more expensive than they have to be. Check up the phone to call financial group at 1-800-940-L-E&D. That's 1-800-940-53-63. Getting the mortgage someplace else across you $1,000 extra every year. So just think that all the money can save yourself with a 3.95% mortgage. Financial group has helped thousands of people just like you. Put your financing in the best possible position by getting yourself a 3.95% mortgage. Call financial group today. Be sure and tell them that Todd Dreck to what did he call 1-800-940-53-63. That's 1-800-940-53-63. There are an equal housing lender, credit restrictions, do apply, don't forget, rates are subject to change if you wait too long. See who we're out the moon, mine. Don't like all the hard burn. Don't go so every time I see. Don't go so every time I see. The moon is pregnant and the moon is pregnant. Repolicate muscle in and in our ticket in hideous. I don't know why. They're worth one to the eye of a night here. Call me or death. Call me or death. Oh, what I just do is go and vote for someone. And get to we all vote at home. If you want this, don't go so this drumming is to be me. Don't go so bad this drum gets rich here. Don't go so easy then, don't go so easy then. Be a president of the world. You're not care what it is to. You got him in by hook or throw up the Christian rod. Hold up, but you and I will have no fear. We've got a great leader here. We've got a great leader. We've got a great leader. We've got a great leader. We've got a great leader. Well, they specifically decided that there was going to be no runoff in this one. And of course, if there would have been a runoff, Janet would win in landslide in a runoff, because she'd get all of those dark evotes from Jones. Right about that? Absolutely correct. But they're not going to be no runoff. And it looks like Dilma Cray who is Jet Bush's worst nightmare is going to be the Democratic candidate on November 5. Anyway, you will make up your own minds. So, okay, you decide whether you want to go in and blow them to bits and take whatever the consequences are, rattling the hornets nest. The best memorial rides Joe Connison, genuine freedom in New York Observer yesterday. He says, I can offer no advice about how best to observe this week's anniversary. In our home, the television is off while the radio is tuned to WNYC, the public radio station, that proves to a central of the city in the time of horror. Whatever we do will be thinking about the bereaved, of course, especially those who lost comrades and loved ones in the uniform services. As everyone who lives here knows, the thoughts, those thoughts require no prompting from the media, and occur with a random frequency regardless of dates and ceremonies. If I do turn on TV during the day, it'll probably be to hear the firefighters in the cops play their bagpipes at Ground Zero. The spirit of last autumn in New York, however, blunted by a return to daily routines hasn't disappeared. The feelings we all experience when we walk past the firehouse represent a change at a life where a generation impossible much longer. The taxer placed on a Tuesday morning, which, for me, meant the imperative of a deadline, later some readers responded angrily to the column that I wrote after watching the Twin Towers fall that it was too political, too critical and too partisan. I'm reflection that came to understand that reaction, although I wouldn't withdraw a single war, and I can see why this might have found those words inappropriate to the emotions of the moment. But this anniversary occurs in the season that is inescapably political, and its observance will be employed for purposes of state and of party. To assess the past 12 months in those terms, and to analyze their impact on the future is in no way disrespectful of private grief or patriotic unity, it's what citizens do in a democracy. Any assessment of this historic year should infernless take account of the Bush administration's achievements, the destruction of the Taliban regime in Afghanistan was a just war conducted with viewers of it in casualties than many expected. It destroyed the main sanctuaries of the totalitarian enemy disrupted their capacity to attack again, as the nation's leaders in that conflict towards the W. Bush and his AIDS can rightly claim. The victory, even though it swifts certain execution utterly disproved as campaign complaints about the condition of armed forces under his predecessor. Mr. Bush also deserves considerable credit for what didn't happen to American Muslims and Arabs, and those who merely look as if they could be Muslims and Arabs, he protected them with presidential authority and prestige from the mass recommendations they might have suffered in an Asian-alarmed and infuriated by Islamic fundamentalism. Those lot of accomplishments, however, did not expose the administration's responsibility for the most sustained assault on constitution liberties and decades. The president's defense of Arab Americans as a group is overshadowed by the actions of his attorney general who has held hundreds of individuals in prison for months while refusing to name them or describe their offenses. Open courtrooms have been transformed in the secret chambers. The administration is irrigated to a erud self-departure arrest any citizen, suspected of connections with terrorism by its definition, and hold that person indefinitely granting no access to an attorney or to a court. Indeed it claims the power to do so without public explanation, and it's defied judicial orders to redress those offenses. This government's even attempted to list millions of postal workers and meter readers to spy on the rest of us. That initiative is in withdrawn for the time being, yet a distilled misusing the establishment of its ominously named Department of Homeland Security to break unions while undermining whistleblower and freedom of information laws. And he's supposed to defensive liberty into the rule of law both law and liberty are being destroyed. The same attitude that clubs the Constitution is undermining America's relationships with traditional allies and undermining the nation's Statue of Broad, Afghanistan has hardly been secured against the scattered forces of the Taliban. O'Salam bin Laden is still assumed to be a large and al-Qaeda will retain sufficient resources to provoke an orange alert. Yet the attention of the administration is rather prematurely turned elsewhere. The determination to present an isates to invade Iraq is hardly disguised by their related consultations with various foreign heads of state. They're insistent focused on a war resolution in the weeks before national election where the president's party fears losses because of domestic issues as only provoked additional doubts about Mr. Bush's preemptive policy. And they're stated opinion that we can wage war without congressional consent as only amplify their contempt for any constraints on their power. Among the most vexing questions conferred of this year by New Yorkers and All-Americans is how best to one of the memory of our dead. To build a concrete monument while surrendering Constitution or freedom and democratic order will do them no honor at all. If Joe Constantine and a New Yorker deserve it. Jennifer Harper writes it at the Washington Times yesterday. Nobody was ready for a healing on December 7, 1942, and closure was the last thing anybody wanted. America, on the first anniversary of that other date that lives in and for me off in the benchmark by which 9-11 is judged, wanted blood and vengeance without apology. No flowers, no teddy bears, no exploration of the national angst. No presidential admonitions to think of Shinto as a religion of peace, no appeals to understand the frustrations that drove the misunderstandings to rate Poland and bomb London. The front pages of the nation's newspapers were stuffed with news of war, a battle-wraising in Tunisia, the launch of the USS New Jersey in Philadelphia, and on the front page of the old evening star, a single photographic reminder of the destroyed harbor at Honolulu. On an inside page, Private Joe Lockhart who had first spotted the incoming Japanese planes at a radar station above Honolulu was the subject of a small item headline, hero of Navy prefers to forget Pearl Harbor. We have to give our time to what's happening now, he said, in a way for history to catch up with it when the war is won. That was the extent of the observance aside from an account of an air raid wardens parade down Georgia Avenue, and the advertised police from clotheers and jewelry stores to remember Pearl Harbor and to buy war bonds, skimped on gasoline and safe kitchen grease. The Washington Post had no stories about the anniversary on its front page that would recounted like other papers around the country, neighborhood memorial services, blood drives, ladies auxiliary lunchons and a hasty weddings of men and uniform and sweet-faced brides. Great and gravitas were the order of that day. We may stand for a moment in meditation and on the, what is it? In mediation on the courage and sacrifice of those who now on land at sea and in the air hold a loft of flag of the west of America nearer times observed. In a newspaper column December 8, 1942, I think that was supposed to be meditation. In her newspaper column December 8, 1942, first by the Eleanor Roosevelt told Americans why she opposed the commemoration of Pearl Harbor. It is not a day for a holiday she wrote, it's today that she would make us work. That was then in the fashionable phrase of today, and this is September 11, 2002, and the grandchildren of WWW II generation can afford the indulgence of an extravagantly mockish anniversary and what they are told is war. In the 60 years since Pearl Harbor, 200 books have been written about that first date to live in for me. In the year since 9, 11 more than 400 books have been published, interpretive TV documentaries include, relics from the rubble, portraits of grief and faith and doubted ground zero of PBS production and occluded photos of people leaping from the twentowers. The people of study such things scratched their heads, why do journalists have this need to one up each other, ask war and watch them be American presence to do? Why do we have this anniversary mentality? What would happen if we did nothing at all? That would be a statement in itself. Times and technology were different, of course. He says, need the public only knew the real tool of Pearl Harbor when he or later the navy released numbers of ships sunk and lives lost. I've often wondered how the 24-hour news media would have treated Antitim Mr. Watson says of the 1862 Civil War battle that to this morning remains the bloodiest day in American history. Americans are divided on anniversary coverage, some say it's a moral duty to relieve the attacks to newspaper and television accounts, I'll just find the overkill,互lic and invasive surveys disagree. A Gallup poll predict that 78% of the country plans to watch the TV coverage, a San Francisco Chronicle poll found only 2% of those poll would watch. Part of the ritual of life is to look at anniversary dates with reverence and to be reminded about real events Mr. Watson said, but when we see excessive coverage we know it. We know when the media is playing around the edges of getting off message. Syracuse University Media Aimelist Robert Thompson compares 9-11 and anniversary coverage to the Super Bowl noting it was a media declared holiday. The Americans of that era now fading swiftly into the unremembered past that no time for such naval gazing. We have no instinct for glory or find a very different New York Times on December 1842. But we surely do have collectively as the determination not the determination to put all we possess in this necessary and unpleasant past. Our emotions are deep and not noisy expressed, but we know that we're destined to play the decisive part, not on this cut and loan but throughout the world. That knowledge studies us and brings us together. We're at the yesterday morning's paper. We've walked in times with a misprint. 1127 at 5.60 WQA Aim. Speak at a misprint could this be that same piece of coffee that sure could be. It's time to break into building as he's working there anymore. He leaves. He's around. He's around. And he's around for brick short of a full load. Anyway, let me tell you about becoming a high paid computer professional. We've been talking until you're blue in the face about the large number of jobs that are available out there. And to computer business. Well, here's the deal. How do you get good school? It'll help you accomplish all of these things. Get out of your dead end job and make some serious bucks. There is only one school that's got four convenient locations in Dayton, Broward. Just as Todd Rack, he'll show you exactly where all of them are. There's one school that's got certified Microsoft instructors. Convenient, they even in weekend classes. There's one school that's got full time job placement department over 30 years experience. And when you go to fast range, you can complete your program and just for sure at once. And like I said, get your way on the road to a serious career and a big fat paycheck. So get off your butt pickup that phone. Get all the information with no obligation. They'll be happy to tell you exactly how the deal works. Call fast train, toll free at 1-866-Fast train. That's 1-866-Fast train. Check them out on the web if you like. Fast train.com. Why? And local. Here's Fort Radio 560. You A-M. See you all next week. The thing got plus America and pasties in the G-Strain up here. I'll do it. All new CBS Falls starting with an all-new CBS evening news with Dan Rather. Dan Rather, report. I'm feeling kicking. And eight and all new King of Queen. Just as long as I can get a chance to wrap my long legs well. That's a wrong body of yours. Followed by an all-new. Oh yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Tuesdays and all-new. Sure. One day. This is an all-new. Sixty minutes too. Oh yes. Thursdays and all-new. Survivor. So, Friday. Catch an all-new. 48 hours. That's a... What? Oh, oh. Saturday. It's an all-new. Two touched by an angel. Fix where he is. If we all move, CBS fall right up. We get what you want. Fast. Far away. And don't forget today that everybody in the world is looking forward to a week from next Tuesdays, September 24th, Smallville, return. Oh. For the new season. Anyway, thank you very much, ugly Chuck. I great Chuck did two things for me. First of all, he gives me the thing with the kit person here, the viol. by oh kikkars in 1809 1868 American hunter trapper in scout yati adiati was an impenetist parents moved to Howard County, Missouri. He later became an apprentice to a savor and he did this and he did that and he was appointed Indian agent for the youth and Apache at House of Mexico during the civil war he helped organize the Mexico infantry at several and so on. So there's what kikkars was all about that so he was and of course there was a TV the movie character. So that doesn't tell us anything about Kim Hunter but we don't really give a crap about pork him Hunter anymore because she doesn't give a crap she's dead right she's dead and also thanks for the ad-word down low sites so I get rid of this damn and then I'm reading the thing on the bottom here it says I don't know if you have Kazah but if you do you want to get rid of as much of that crap as possible so you're a place that because I'm with Kazah light right is that like champion light is that like Miller light because I'm light okay thank you very much I'll retruck. Oh let's see college football player died a couple weeks ago we had a 10 year old girl died playing a contact football and I still don't understand why the girls are playing contact football do you understand them again no she's died she's dead. She's dead. She's sure we play football and then it was another kid who died uh I don't remember how old he was a high school kid I think and here's a college football kid. Big rapids Michigan a college football player died after classing during a tackling drill Ferris State University said that a Ferris State ever been there yeah of course you haven't been the Ferris State and either although I remember Ferris State because I used to broadcast all of that college football and basketball and they played Ferris State. I mean like that huh did realize it was around that much Michigan baby that's quite a state you don't want to go there though they don't like your kinder. In fact they don't like like my they don't like any kind of Michigan they like mad dog though freshman linebacker Matt Skloran 18-collector in practice here today afternoon University spokesman Jim Thorpe said emergency workers were unable to believe him revive him and preliminary reports in a kidney died of heart failure. Yeah 18 year old kid. Nobody cares and they just you know we got pro-girl guys dying high school kids little girls Cincinnati airport terminal evacuated and I'm not suggesting that we band football looking we were because I got my NFL package in here and I'm a big patriot fan and Tom Brady fan and I invite a way I should point out that I was a patriot fan long before Tom Brady ever you know put on a patriot joxtra. I was you got to be kidding me. I was a ruin for the patriot's long before anybody. Although I was following Tom Brady's great career at Michigan. I always liked those Wolverines tonight. Only when he was there. That was kind of amusing. Cincinnati airport terminal evacuated and a few ported security breach. Hundreds of people were forced to evacuate their port terminal because of a security breach today at Cincinnati norther Kentucky International Airport. Two concourses were evacuated from about an hour and forty five minutes at the Delta terminal which handles most of the past year traffic near port spokesman Ted Bushallman said he said he had no other information about the problem which is reported by security screeners. We ought to get I've seen this to cover that tour. You know what? Send that old funny daddy over there to Cincinnati at least get him out of Miami and he can tell us about what a great job those screeners are doing and he had a lot of money out of yaddy out into his usual suction job. My god I isn't a time to hang it up hang up the microphone before you make any worse of a fool yourself. You silly old goat. God. 276 ghosts on our pool on yourrg.com. What do you call soft drinks? soda 170. Coke 53. I don't ever drink that schmit 30. Top 17 and tonics six. Speaking of people may have had maybe a few too many pops. Buzz Aldrin you remember Buzz Aldrin are great asked for not. Buzz Aldrin says he was defending himself when he's swung in a man who asked him to swear on a Bible that he had been to the moon the former astronauts publicist said I want Miguel to swear on a Bible that he's been to Ferris State. You're going to do it. Sure I go in right here. Put your hand on it and the Bible too. Buzz Aldrin was forced to protect himself and a stepdaughter when he was aggressively confronted outside of Beverly Hills Hotel. Published as Robert O'Brien said they prepared statement no relation to course the paddle Brian. Authorities were in and of course we're talking about paddle Brian the actor not that asshole pedal Brian on the football. What was he on drugs? Authorities were investigating report by Bart Sibrel 37. He was attacked by the former Apollo of an astronaut on Monday at the Lux Hotel. All run 72 at left the hotel and police arrived around 430. The afternoon was not interviewed said police within a jolum party. Sibrel of Nashville 10 to C says he didn't believe all of them or anyone else has ever walked on the moon describing myself as an investigated reporter Sibrel told KABC TV was trying to confront Alvin about his 1969 lunar mission when Alvin swung at him. Alvin had just finished an interview with a Japanese TV production crew and the confrontation was video tape. Right. Let's get a hold of that. Sibrel said he confronted Alvin twice before was surprised that Alvin reacted the way he did the third time. I was very surprised that he hit me. I thought it was very foolish to do in front of two video cameras. Sibrel said he's got a good punch. It was quick to I didn't see it coming. Nice soccer punch there, buddy. All run's policies said the video tape show Sibrel blocking the way. Is Alvin a stepdaughter or leaving a hotel. Yeah. Investigate a reporter my ass. He's a moonman. He's a fricking moonman. Here's a guy that's doing good. Superman. You know he'd make it come back. Incha. He might walk again. Christopher Reeves regained some movement in sensation in his hands and feet seven years after horse riding accident. I left him paralyzed from the neck down. The Superman star can also breathe on his own for 90 minutes at a time. That was bad. I was my finger. Okay. To be able to feel just the lightest touches really a gift Reeves said. And of course thanks to our president and those right wing Christians. We don't want to do that stem cell research because we want to save those unborn embryos. So he's got to do it on his own like everybody else with Parkinson's and diabetes. The actors received treatment for the past three years to the activity base recovery program that is Dr. John McDonald created. The therapy consisted of electrical muscle stimulation combined with repetitive motion exercises. The results Reeve can move the fingers on his left hand and the toes on both feet. He can feel a pin prick on most parts of his body and can tell the difference between hot and cold and sharp and dull. Which is sure better than most of our sales department. Because the model in our sales department is where there is no sense there's no feeling. No one who suffered an injury of severe as Chris has failed to have any initial recovery as we gained the amount of motor when sensory function he has said McDonald will be medical director of the spinal cord injury program at Washington State University School of Medicine in St. Louis. We've had hope to walk you in by a 50th birthday September 25 but he says he still encouraged even though we won't reach that goal. The fact is that even if your body doesn't work the way used to the heart and mind in this spirit or not the ministry said it's as simple as that. Reeve documents his progress in a new book nothing is impossible reflections on a new life and ABC programs on September 18th. Let's hear it for Superman. He's okay in my book he's all right never stole the free train. He's got that kind of like pinched nose. You know what I mean? He's no George Reeves. Now you don't remember George Reeves do you? From Superman on television the real old ones. Yeah remember him? Yeah. The guy with a kid like a real outer shape you know he had that tight out of belly. He was he had a pot belly. And then of course he allegedly committed suicide. It was kind of like that guy damn lunatic and banged that. We supposedly committed suicide that terrorist. Every supposedly shot himself four times in the head. Twenty-till noon at five sixty what that's scheduled I haven't been remiss we've had so much going out we had the president guessing on the program today to tell us that we're going in baby we're going in with he like it and out we're going in we're gonna bust his crap to the Smithereens. Let's see we got mad dog demanded to one no changes there. Hank though oh and you know something. Now there are a lot of people in this audience aren't crazy about the president but I want to tell you I'd rather have him on a show than Bino Cook. Wouldn't you? Who? Bino Cook. Jim Man it's one to three the Humper from three to six three five with that Bino Cook hour five to six believe me why he does that it's only the kill an hour trust me Hank those better than that. And by the way let me see it again Mo quit try to suck up to the Humper he not taking it you're not fooling him. Marlon's on next six three five Marlon's at the Met seven tenths. Please get that baseball crap over with Eddie K. and Joe and Mark overnight to set up some material for the Marlon's six to seven hour. Well it's our fully though. I figured part there in Philadelphia. What did I say? That's what it says on the schedule. I know. Oh don't tell me that clearance made another mistake. Oh oh oh. How's Mach-do? And let's call off month. It's the 19 till noon at five sixty twenty. If you're I got some amazing news from the pizza law Jeff Cole I'm called in this morning and tells how we chucked at the opening is push back a little bit. Probably because they're having to deal with all those idiots in plantation the zoning people man they are so-for-snicity in plantation they're the worst. I'm assuming that's the reason or maybe just because he's trying to show up Marcie for tell me it was supposed to be September third. But anyway the new pizza law from plantation now haven't sun rise right behind Walgreens there will be opening any day now toward the end of the month or whenever it gets around to it. But in the meantime there's still going strong you go to the Monday morning. They be there University drive between Griffin and five ninety five and the pizza law applies at the landmarks to look forward is that the peer went imports and then kitty corn the new armamentals cafe you'll see the great pizza law that's been going strong for years now. Fantastic food big fresh portions teeny tiny prices and of course they got the best garlic rolls you've ever popped in your post three different kinds of delicious pizza they got take out delivery and of course they caterers for the list five bucks per person they do a step in this job here's the number of call nine five four nine one six eighty eighty nine five four nine one six eighty eighty it doesn't get any better already and of course maybe you're running the rumors there you see I didn't tell you the real reason he's opening plantation because the rumors are doing all the freebies over there in Davy and so now I gotta have them up on me in plantations. My life and love this is for 2550. Fitzgree it's me coming up tonight on inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story we take a good hard still looking to start him they gave us one of the defining songs of eighties new way now they give us a line of bulls shit about why they let Burger King use it in a commercial that month on date or modern English. Oh yeah I'm getting one. When we were up met with you we were thinking of of of cheese yeah that's it gooey and delicious cheese oh melting on top of two old beat patties I mean come on let's rock and roll man tonight you'll hear modern English one man Colin full of it Harrison asking us to believe that new the song would be used in a commercial years later when you think of it a woman is like cheese really she's tempting and delicious about 30% fat all those years he told me that note with you with about how great the sex was with me now it's about a fucking cheese burger Colin's ex girlfriend wanted to come of there I just feel so cheap it's like all those times he was with me he might have all been dry up against sandwich finally we confronted with the image of dry humbling a burger the leader of modern English stared down his demons and told the truth we didn't write the song for a commercial we needed the money there there guys as far as using your song in a commercial ghost during good company with a bunch of other jerk off sell out scumbags most of whom were far more famous than you it's a big juicy shopping wed look at show business tonight on inside the mind it's eleven forty seven at five sixty double come there's Alan Green span of they just dropped them off to one CNN just as I was going to put them on for about two seconds they chopped his agree as well he's a pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop and the meantime the market is well he's speaking watching and take a precipitous drop after the jokes and questions of integrity linger rights William Gibson they watched in chief of your right in the sun send all day as once again we're laughing stock but you know something I think most people would have the attitude of someone else's knew you know we're beyond embarrassment anymore in a state of Florida especially in South Florida I mean with all the humiliation all the worldwide between alien and the hanging chairs and this election here on Tuesday is there anything worse that we can know I don't think so I mean we're kind of used to it's like our trademark I think maybe we can turn it around like something we're proud of new things for the for the chamber commerce people for the tourism industry hey come on down and see all of us idiots see how an F. We really are see all our old funny that he people are work well poll workers all the hundred and fifty year olds we're trying to unlock a try to j walk across the hell and they'll be full of art by the way it's double point Thursday a hell and they'll be full of art don't forget it's a small joke so far a source of roof will be is been leading to a deeper cynicism about the valuable voting rights way to meet gifts in these scum sent will they Floridians can't count as the punch line but the underlying message is that all too often some votes don't get counted Florida's latest election spectacled the chaotic primaries on Tuesday once again tarnished the state's image nationwide but more importantly also contributed to a sense that elections in general can be arbitrary or exclusionary or even rigged a lot can't believe that Florida's purported model of election reform widely was seen around the nation as a failure though some observers give the state credit for least right to modernize its methods and equipment to late night TV comedians haven't yet in got a hold of the story but the murmuring has begun I bet you last night they did which is played polls in Florida said this your college would be in headline in morning after voting goes on goes a riot again in Florida for the Atlanta Journal voting problems in Florida question mark count on it in tone the San Francisco Chronicles online edition the guardian of London proclaimed Florida's election cursed strikes again as the son of Chad fills the voters on the son of Chad I like it the Tampa Tribune added this jab for some primary voters another Florida election for Florida state that's good thing that this is being overshadowed by the 911 commemoration said Richard noise political analyst at the media research center in northern Virginia most people understand having a bad election but two in a row especially after elections officials went to such great lengths until everybody the problems of be fixed makes Florida seem a bit like a laughing stock he said just a bit the episode could turn into another national fixation if late-tallies and them are kind of going to throw a primary between Janet and Bill leave the contest on resolved the next few days and of course even though the pride was eight thousand votes ahead at the end it's still up in the year if this is the last day of the story the thirty six hours of confusion it will probably not become an actual story but if it drags out with reconcil lawsuits or tens of an end of another election in the end of the tie I expect to see the late night comedians jump into it noise said many political observers are not amused this is going on this is going to reinforce a good deal of cynicism among the voting public not just in Florida but all over the country and they're already highly cynical said Brian Vargas professor political science and director the public opinion lab at Indiana University things like this in long run so mostly the press voter turn off we're seeing a steady increase in people saying my vote doesn't make a difference when he have any kind of counting scandal just adds to it in the end like many states has explored election reformed up great its equipment but tight budgets have prevented in the end others from following Florida's lead while states are making rational action on legislation that would send money to help the meet new national election guidelines Indiana's primaries and may have a record low turn out a trend found in many states see what I mean about this new found patriotism and everybody is now she is easy to go on by a flag for ninety it's sense but all of this bullcraft about new found patriotism don't count on it people say yeah florida ha ha ha it says it was a joke for what people are realized that it goes against the image of the integrity of the entire system vorgas said some people say what happens in Florida musco one here too why should I go to the trouble register find out what the campaigns are about and show up to vote the ranch was muted on the west coast where florida's troubles need 2000 election in two days primary seen distant and indistinct to the extent that anyone is watched it comes across his keystone cops said bread small or chairman of the political science department at chaplain university in orange county California but the final answer is a growing realization that the active county votes is quite complicated and problematic and your state should be loaded for a reason to come up with a touch screen approach inevitably there gonna be promising knew that you're gonna do but like I said maybe if we had to pull workers under the age of two hundred and might help just maybe election reformers nevertheless go to turn a negative development into a positive one by using florida's hard lessons to spur final passage of federal reforms the florida experience shows that we'll reform means more than replacing voting machines said representative steve hoyer democratic Maryland who the house leader on reform legislation that's why it is crucial to the integrity of our democracy and public confidence in our election system that congress immediately finishes work on federal reform for your said the american people to zero no less in our democracy demand a baby saying how do you like that hot sound like fight words to me three hundred to see where our votes on our poll very important poll today could be the most important one we've taken in a cool news age what are you called so and speak of that by the way we ever thought about this how much you never even thought about this what soft drinks do dark folks drink huh so seriously at your it just crossed by mine for the first time which you can what this cool economy of the topic of that that is so what are you not getting paid for this could as cool aid count of i do black's reading a lot of cool i know i know they did a john's down but we're not talking about that but seriously they'd make a lot of cool aid and you know what else i bet they'd make a lot of Hawaiian punch you know why because it's real sweet like watermelon i i i i i i i i i i could be wrong but i think that many dark folks have a taste for a stuff real sweet and i do to his matter fact so maybe once upon a time i had like a little black in me i don't know i don't remember it hey speak of that don't forget to join George five to seven night with McGill and with book a bride you can rub focus of all spot which will take a long time at treasure island look at it off the palm metal just north of the hundred twenty-second street exit you know the reason i chuckle before i finish this incipant promo is because i think about that silly with that he puts on for comedy sick now and and i ask him like do you wear that like when you get out of your car you walk in the building without oh yeah he does he did he does i mean if anybody could see it if i've made me hold model of for you that would be reasonable on a good out there tonight to see that wow when you see that you'll just piss your pants i guarantee it five to seven night treasure island that's just the off the palm metal north of the hundred twenty second street exit you'll see the signs stop by for prior for prizes but why is specials and check out this week's feature Zoe Britain at treasure island my five to seven george two sick to work today but well enough to go there and give it a little head tonight all in way to speak of that speaking of a head case this guy i i i can i can smell another press conference anytime after i return to have to look at the they're they're just going to destroy this guy they're going to like uh... kill him if the i is investigating last year's answer acts of textures the Frederick apartment once read it by via warfare defense experts steven j head full for the third time yesterday sources for media with the investigation said had bill spokesman pat class in center for me was government researcher had not lived in the apartment since august twelve class in city presumably apartment was vacant justice department is described had filled forty eight a veraulages to work of the was army's by a defense lab for the three twenty nine as one of about thirty persons of interest in the f.e. i's investigation of those anthrax attacks the kill five people late last year had filled in june content uh... consented rather than one of the i search of the Frederick apartment in a complex practically next to it for detrick the f.e. i return to the search warrant for a second search august one the f.e. i.e. giving no reason for the search isn't as repeatedly sent that had bill is not a suspect in the hand at the anthrax case they just like hassle and they get they get their jolly's from it during this period had filled discarded some possessions in trash receptacles outside his apartment complex and packed others for moved to vent room to be seen a word except that a hundred fifty thousand dollar job is about defense expert training first responders in l.s. u. had for law several cases protested as in a sense and said the no-to-righty game during the investigation is completely utterly destroyed his life l.s. you fight our life with the explanation after getting that the telegram from the f.e. i.e. how many searches does it take before the f.e. i.e. gets it right close and as this is exactly the kind of stuff that's driving everybody crazy on this closin said had for a hundred last encounter when the f.e. august thirty of when he voluntarily appeared in washed and field office to give a blood sample and law agents take his finger prints and conference well you know he's keeping everybody busy they're using them to keep everybody's busy all of it is they think they got to got because they don't have the guy they haven't got a clue they haven't got the five in fact my little dog is got a better idea who did the intracts maelings uh... then uh... the whole defense of the state department to defense department all the ships and see not convention of course the justice department and it's a glorious leader john ask crop even the gals got a better idea who done it eleven fifty six and five sixty w q a.m. our chit time layman's got a idea when you go down a hell of potty x.e. com who you think done it and he'll look at you go but if you want yourself a great deal this is the place because time layman the hell of potty x.g.m.c. are doing it again as zero percent financing continues as i speak that's right with the proof credit from g.m.a.c. you can get zero percent financing up to thirty six months on all brand new two thousand three potty x.g.m.c. models which obviously they're they're in there there would be nice to know a little more about that but of course the constraints of weak copy doesn't tell us or take a rebate up to four grand and all two thousand two potty x.g.m.c. models in stock one thing about q a and you can't complain about the copy because they don't give us any check out the complete line of g.m.c.s.s.s.v.s while you're at hell including the envoy loaded by motor trend is SUV of the year plus c.v. all new potty x.e.b.s.v. like i've been telling you for a very very long time the five has the power of a big fancy fancy expensive sports car and it's also got a great selection of dependable pre-on cars trucks and s.v.s. and if anybody in the world turned you down for credit this is the place for all due dead beats because they'll work you deal somehow even if time has to make the payments so for a great deal on potty x.g.m.c.s.c. hell at potty x.g.m.c. if they're old great location they've been doing it there for 35 years one 34 1-Saut.tix.y. highway that's US 1 right across in the falls open every day seven days a week. hell at potty x.g.m.c. we be professional great. my life and love this is 42560 2A.m. hello i do believe it be the one that club that was shot me on a little pain honey i'm going for a vaccine that was now i got a bit fell if i get infected it's on a be hell before that virus gets a hold on me i'm the is the clinic where my shots are free no with ain't no fun oh with the simple birthday double needle go thin and it's so ruined shot me on a little pain honey i'm going for a vaccine this is my home and i'm going to bring honey i'm going for my vaccine good have it with time promo 2560 they're beginning to one hour nine daughter-in-match coming up for on a clock this afternoon we got three hundred eighteen votes on the survey i told you it's a biggie this is probably the most definitive why don't you what a beautiful day it is here today okay is it right in there yep no come on and that horrible tropical scourms like whipped up a whole bunch of nasty weather again you know it no sonny shining it is so beautiful i'd like to want to do this right about any but of course i would have to like crawl into the uh... console here to get to the other side it's kind of amusing because our brilliant originary department in jocostella last me said how come you have that guess mic on the other side you know exactly left one that's there well there's a boom with a guess mic on the other side the only problem being uh... there's no chair in there's no place to put it here and if anybody would get to the other side they have to crawl under where i'm sitting here and crawl to the other side of the console but other than that i's going there boys all the phone still won't work other than that i'm not complaining though i have no complaints everything is you have a nineteen votes what do you call soft drinks you know we left one choice off what that what do you call soft drinks yeah somebody would have voted for that in fact i would have been more cute than those just i never drink that stuff anyway what you call so to one ninety four is that right one ninety four at sixty four eight percent coax sixty four i don't ever drink that smith three four pop twenty one now we're getting some pop people okay all the most in the york and maybe some uh... Canadians how's it going hey chicago two maybe is that what i know it is though i know that now how will you when you left chicago ten but i've been back in my cousin still call it pop over there uh... and you probably go get that heavy heavy real thick pizza you know yeah i don't like that oh i don't need her you know at that the time it was okay but now that look back on it each it's slice away seven pounds and it's awful greasy yes not good pizza uno pizza one all but anyway uh... tonics six tonics still suck and i don't believe anybody calls uh... a cook i'll have a tonic please yeah likely story the last you asked right other joint and we're left get to the important stuff street gang found a way no bell peace prize nominee cleared for execution for murder conviction but it's i guess this guy's been all over the place uh... a convicted killer who co-founded the crypt street gang and later became a no bell peace prize nominee has been prepared for execution by a federal appeal court all right standing with him could be executed by injection is early as next year unless the ninety-one circuit court of appeals reconsidered its decision the u.s. Supreme court intervenes at the governor grant him clemency governor Davis does that his name gray Williams in a high school friend Raymond Washington created the notorious cryptic in a lay in nineteen seventy one hundreds of spinoffs and cappacat gangs have since emerged across the nation Washington was killed in the gang fight nineteen seventy nine Williams big took to his fellow gang members big took that's a great nickname in it hey big took continue continues his final way to transform the crypts into a national enterprise Williams now forty eight was convicted a killing four people nineteen seventy nine while appealing his death sentence he spent time writing children's books and coordinating an international peace effort for use all from his nine by four foot cell at ten quettin state prison the work has landed him no bell peace prize nomination the last two years but his efforts always have in swayed prosecutors and police groups who believe he remained behind bars he's created one of the biggest criminal i was that the world has ever seen i think will be glad to see him executed to deputy attorney general Lisa brawl brawl whatever name is i don't think writing a few kids books negates what he's done all but it's so cute Williams was sent to death in nineteen eighty one for fatally shooting a convenience store worker it was also convicted killing two Los Angeles uh... motel owners and their daughter during a robbery few days later Williams claims he's innocent he said is appeal that jia house informants lied when they testified that he confess to the murders despite its decision on two day the appeals court team sympathetic to Williams play although his good works in accomplishments in incarceration may make him a worthy candidate for the exercise of governor to her discretion they are not matters that we in the federal judiciary or liberty taken a consideration uh... judge proctor hug junior road a spokesman for governor Davis that it's too soon and over the governor will intervene barbra back now a journalist who's helped with his publishing career and maintains a website for the condemned in eight was in mate uh... push it by the court's ruling that's incredibly bad news he said where you miss was nominated yet he was nominated again this year for the Nobel Prize a move that's drawn sharp criticism from police groups for course he has a money yet not great they have an obstacle but it may be this will be the year and then look at the needle you know i made a really bad mistake what during that last break i went in the kitchen in the refrigerator i got me a little Swiss cheese check out just a little something in the middle on here during this last hour not a good idea i don't know about you but this was cheese like creates certain like on your tongue in your throat you know i mean certain like little irritations on and it doesn't maybe you don't eat Swiss cheese okay i don't think human's eat Swiss cheese on their horse meat you do did you call me an hour or not no what i'd check and what a pussy man no one of that to read pushes you around a building like that no one no one that gets you to work for free all the time you're a pussy you should have just had the uh... of recheck pick up the phone call hooking do it tomorrow do you want to be back tomorrow i'll be real sick from getting uh... whatever he's going to get from zoi tonight see i got a surprise george and get nothing from zoi you're getting some from joy when at least as something zoi turned out to be joey well i guess you'll find out we'll see moving right along here some more bad news i don't think the audience can stand any more yeah this i don't know Swiss cheese just i like it i like it a lot but it just uh... it leaves by an uh... very often leave my tongue like battered and bruised there are many things in life that you might like a lot but they'll leave your tongue just wounded and bruised how much of the media giant old mystery from cbs news very disturbing and it just when you thought i couldn't get any worse from a handful of companies but you're going up the entire radio and tv industry and now we're just can there's no there's no one inside federal regulators will take a new look at rules limiting ownership of newspapers and television radio with an eye toward loosening restriction oh man they got any looser they'd be confused with cathy willots the fcc is scheduled to begin a rule making process today that is why they expected produced new regulations that will make it easier for large media companies to merge all of that sounds great maybe we can merge with somebody since is all those rumors about the beesleys let's merge with anybody like that uh... what was the pork sandwich guy that was called me a few times remember that guy always called me from a drive through i think it was at uh... tucky cheeses uh... pork sandwich guy oh yeah uh... we're worried about you and at merger the merger crazy person the clear direction of this is deregulation said bler eleven a former cc official and analyst would like mason he said the agency will have to address what their e-dregulations may limit media diversity uh... they limit media diversity oh what would people say if they're cable companies one newspaper in their town after radio stations and thirty percent of the tv stations roll all owned by the same company said where the new lines get drawn the fcc said in June that it would use this week's meeting to be an official reviews of two rules one concerning the number of tv radio stations a company can only one market another preventing any of the four major tv networks for from merging with each other the agency will also examine tools that were rejected by an appeals court as you intend back to the government those rules involved restrictions on the national reach of companies that are multiple tv stations and companies that want to two tv stations in the same market the fcc is already looking at restrictions that prohibits one company for a bringing a broadcast station and newspaper in the same market as well as the rule that limits radio station ownership all my god pretty soon keep talent on every station you can have people to be in the pd of every god and station town the assassin the agency wants to combine its work on the various rules to make the regulations more consistent and to be able to survive legal challenges the fcc is said it's combined study any potential changes to the rules are expected to be completed by spring 2003 fcc chairman Michael Powell so to course of secretary of state colon Powell has expressed septicism about broad ownership limits and concerns that many of the agencies rules are based on hunches rather than facts policy coming to the legislation rules will be relaxed to repeal leading the way wave of media mergers all my god yeah you said it honey that those pretty soon uh... two companies on every god and tv station every radio station every news paper every cable company every pop ten there'll be in your there'll be everywhere there'll be in your house there'll be uh... and where you work there'll be deep inside your acto everywhere over the nervous the orders found that's what she said that it's very important for their wild is important it's important that we get to new copy to a seriously i want you to get a whole of clearance and tell me if he doesn't get with it and get with scouran see this is the problem parents is a good god but he's a little punk so you doesn't understand that anybody takes him seriously now we had moth there who also is hard to take seriously at least moth is like an adult you know he's like about eighty and so when he goes back there and says hey scouran you have in pitch we need some new copy their neostartner act up again we get some copy you know but when clearance goes back there and like that nothing happens you see what i'm saying we like clearance for clearest is a little when he can so we're going to get anything done because we have a major copy crisis you i am when i first came to the station i wondered why the other guys on your used to like tape their lives box and then i began to realize they do it because they never get a new copy and they get they just get really sick and terror attempting to make magic out of the same uh... horse poop you know what i'm saying how do you do it how many different ways can you make a slices with cheese taste you ever thought about that depends on your cooking and not only that i do like i like the melted switch you know do like that line see now i'm getting hungry right about this time every day i start thinking about where i'm going for lunch and what what kind of food i'm going to have i think i'm having a time for lunch today that's i'm good so good maybe like a little baby cow little via parmesan little penny passed on aside sounds really good to me little minister on fact if i was right there i go into that new pizza loft even though it's not opening and i've had to take care of me special i take my friend marsie from all greens in air and we should have a private feast at the new pizza level test stuff out twelve thirteen and five sixty wqm summer time is still around man for another few weeks and even when it gets in october and sometimes even over eight is just hot as hell in south Florida all the omit is a product of the occupying good health no matter how human how hot how many allergies are flying around only when the soft-tailed capsulats got a lot of good stuff for you and your health it's got the best olive oil you'll find anywhere combined with vitamins and minerals and to promote health for all different parts of your body they make one product specifically for your prostate one for your heart one for your blood pressure one for your cholesterol they've got supplements from all health and your circulatory system your digestive and consistent your skin your bones even your mind are using the benefits of the finest purest olive oil i deliver fine and all the amount of products for men and females as well all the amount available at wall greens whole food markets tomorrow pharmacy and sad arrows as well go in there and speak in english how long you last don't forget if you want more information on this great product just call it a toll free number one eight six six o'r you man that's one eight six six o'r l e o m ed and you can order their products on the internet now i'm sure you know it at olio man america dot com i don't look all these these five six there is yours you we have a David look at about it that's what i say how's that for a funny show i do if i made borrow a phrase from the great marielan hello dare everybody in paradise land i'm how would the david i hope you'll join me each and every friday for my forget about it jole that's what i opened the phone lines to all three of my regular low income coales and let them vent their on what's modern them i was up all night dreaming this one up at first i thought are going with hand puppets like uh sendy becker or maybe a poll to a vote for quista quick but management i agree this will be a real show stopper now i run a family type show here so i don't want low references to sticks jigger booze or faggot jizz guslas other than that i promise you a hilarious guitar fina a high jizz and open conversation for get about it friday that goes for listening to five six o'r w q a m i'm sure does probably tame still even more us with cheese you know stop it i should i should press first of all eating on your bed that's what he shows are so much better and sitting down there struggling food my post wall i'm on a year i don't mind doing that but it's just it don't sound good and then you get like mush mull and especially when you're reading i mean back in the old days i would sit there in the assholes on a phone you know i think you're reading the best in a you know uh uh and of course it's easy to do when you got them out full of food they don't know but when you have to actually talk when you have to articulate is he what i'm saying for the now like it will be a Swiss cheese in my mouth not good not good don't quite be actually get some tonic to wash it down although i do have my diet coke my caffeine free which i wish i had some champion light here they sent me two boxes only one of them made it here coach i hate that is actually coca prepsy no it's died camping free diet coke see if i wanted diet camping free diet pepsi i probably have to slap it back from dominion which is quite a waste more i am here and i only buy because when you're smart you know when you walk around you're not using the car you buy your sodas at the convenience store which i have on right across the street from my place here so the sodas the heavy stuff you buy worth close follow right and like regular groceries which you buy whole bunch of stuff and i really have it which you have to slap several blocks you just buy that at the good food store which have a great 24 hour dominion not too many blocks away a beautiful store and as great as my public is there in the acres this dominion my brand new it's huge it's you can eat off the floor in fact maybe i'll go in there and do that today read off the floor it's fantastic you've been in dominion i wonder if i haven't Chicago pigly wiggly um don't remember i remember jewel isn't that near like wiggly wiggly field someone near there now were you and ever were a wiggly field yeah now we're talking now we're talking a real ballpark of the real now right what a beautiful place what a great place we did shows uh did georgia evicator no murphy's bleach is across the street that we did some frozen i would be and georgia came there the first day with us and helped set it up and then Disney put them on a plane sent a back okay you go back now we're not playing for any more hotel for you so georgia like a brief taste of Chicago and that was about it and we did go to those places by the way not peachy reo no what's the other one i i couldn't tell there's another very rather several of them famous but they all have that same real real super thick i'll tell you one thing boy you like food Chicago is a great place now joey seen his buddies there were debating whether to come to ronor worship cargo and it and they made the right choice they had a good time here but next time he's got a few bucks of course they'll be married by then like i said not that's okay she's she's all right she's good she's got a good sense of humor so next time he and his buddies want to have their reunion they go to Chicago they can stay at the um what's their real fancy at the rich Carlton right down town there suspected al-Qaeda finance your nab US forces kept your man who's believed to be a top finance here for us some of it lobs al-Qaeda network for the or the italian during an operation south eastern afghanistan and military said yesterday uh see that cheese again troops also detain at least eight other people in season more than 150 class to cover solid rifles 200 explosive booby traps a mortar several cases of hand grenades rocket launches rocket-taving machine guns and military communications equipment said lieutenant Colonel Martin Schweitzer commander of the 82nd airborne third battalion the arrest and assault uh weapons he's took place during operation champion strike which began Saturday and ended this past two day the operation involving about a thousand troops mostly from the 82nd airborne division was centered in the brimel valley about 150 miles south of the capital of Kabul the valley is in puk tikka province on the border with Pakistan the operation began shortly after 80 m said her name at the rate on the brimel bizarre about six miles from the Pakistani border that's kind of like the swapshop is what i'm hearing kind of a flea market between two and two hundred soldiers surrounded the market and started searching by late afternoon soldiers had gone through the 200 buildings of the bizarre resting 14 people including the suspected financeer aided them or brought to the u.s military base in canar six were released he's a significant targets right to say the finance here was not identified it's great to get the bad guys and of course they're beating the crap out of them to get all the information we can that's what we should be doing to crack all in the stuff up to pull out their fingernails calling them aside from Israel and just uh you know tortured them to within an inch of their life. That's a good idea. Exactly. FBI called search of vodka and direct building successful. All right the FBI said yesterday it's investigation that the anthrax tended to form home of the national inquiry my very favorite publication in the world by the way. See I've done a complete turn around on that used to be one of those skeptics used always poo poo the a tabloids and then over the years as I became more skeptical about the so-called mainstream publications and I started reading the inquire and the other well I mean the other ones are good for laughs you know once in a while the globe were the star or the sun has something that you know exactly what but it's always good for laughs but the inquire gets the accurate stories first like the Robert Blake story the O. J. stuff they're on top of it so if the the stuff about what's your name Brittany poop in her pants poop cited again Anyway the FBI said yesterday it's investigation the anthrax tended to form home of the inquirewood advanced national investigation in the last years attacks oh I'm sure that and what the FBI called its largest hazard is evidence collection ever agents and government scientists obtainerly five thousand evidence samples during the more than 550 entries in the quarantine building owned by tabloid publisher American media ink and we love American media ink using new techniques to search for large quantities of anthrax spores and investigators say I probably should have queued that up if I was going to do this story I was too lazy to do it anthrax using new techniques to search for large quantities of anthrax spores investigators hope to return to the building of so the nation's first fatal anthrax that casualty would reasonably vibe the stall to love muffle investigation the stall investigation does that sound promising and they keep bringing his hat till guy and because they know where he got nobody else to hang their hat on FBI spokesman Judy or a well of the client to say whether investigators recover the letter that brought anthrax into the building and fairly infected photo editor Robert Steven the letter is considered a key piece of evidence in the attacks and investigators hope to compare it to those sent a congressional office of senators pector Leahy of Vermont and Tom Daxle of South Dakota five people died in the nationwide attacks another AMI employee was hospitalized for weeks for recovered FBI officials spent 12 days scouring the three story 677000 square foot building for clues and they were thanks ending their search on Tuesday election day just a coincidence federal officials quarantine the building October 7th or a way less at yesterday that the FBI's crime scene investigation at the AMI building is over the building is back in AMI hands Gerald McCelvie in AMI spokesman said the company has not decided what to do with the building folk of mayor Stephen Abrams was said he has not been told the FBI has finished said the city hopes to work with the AMI in the federal government finding way to clean it up and use it for something well that's in poker right that building yeah I know somebody no I'm saying it's in book and also maybe you want to move in there but got about it oh U.S. Senator Bill Nelson never had a Florida state of interest legislative legislation that we're in legislation that we require the federal government to take over the building or provide assistance to cleaning it up after the quarantine American media moved to 10 quarters to rented offices nearby to publish it six outstanding supermarket tabloids included me in choir the globe and of course they bizarre but always very entertaining weekly world news 353 votes on our very very important survey today what do you call soft drinks seems to be a nationwide battle going on about this as we try to define who you people are much you're all a boot oh sorry what do you call software in so to 12 that 60% soda I'll have a soda please uh a diet soda well what about if you want like an orange soda dude calls it still soda though right in yeah it's all soda yeah see it like here you say I'll have an orange pop I've ever heard people say that I have an orange pop soda 212 coke 72 20% I don't ever drink that she meant 38 10.7% of the audience they don't drink crap like that they drink a little boo little vodka with her lunch maybe a couple of martinis with several extra olives in it pop 25 we're moving up there baby we're popping it and tonic still stuck on six I wonder what the brits call is it and probably the brits would call a tonic winter now in Europe when you get a diet coke yes called cola light were you worried that no I was not well now you are seeing that you're learn something on issue already you said the fact you're not getting paid and Clarence saying doing much from me with a sales department you learn the third thing here cola light that's what it's called all of Europe I coke you don't say diet coke cola light in fact even on a can it says cola light even in the can 1226 at five sixty wqm in fact when I was over there in Europe and I said this ugly guy looked us like Gary Sarner almost every day he was in the middle of town hanging around he was everywhere I couldn't avoid him which goes to show you you can't get away no matter where you go from the qm sales department such as they are you know anyway VIP sportsbook dot com is the only sportsbook to be endorsed by all the industry watch dog groups in 1996 I have a feeling I could be wrong but you want to take a look at the log of the truck is that we check out the log yeah I got it take a look at the they did they put some of these on here three times today which is illegal they're going to get I'm going to throw the flag and penalize uh the water not see 15 yards if they did are somebody spots on here three times today I would check and it looks like it doesn't look like it but now maybe just feels that way in order sense anyway the casino times news recent issues says you can look but you won't find a better overall sportsbook than VIP sportsbook dot com maybe you're looking for more than just a world classbook that offers 24 hour VIP service in the safety of a leader how about the highest parlay odds in the universe up to 2001 minimum bets of only five bucks and free withdraws 24 hours a day and is if that isn't good enough a 15% cash bonus and a year first deposit man am I getting hungry guys this isn't some general book located like in west day this is duck space VIP sportsbook dot com where you treat it with class and you money is safe sign up online to get a 15% cash bonus added that account or column toll free at 1 866 VIP bets and that gets you started punching your brains out it's easy to get started get online to go to VIP sportsbook dot com and don't forget when you sign up online you get a 15% cash bonus via winner at VIP sportsbook dot com where you are the VIP we're sports pretty little five six you way yeah swell call up Everybody gonna die People will tell me if we burn the tide I'd rather die than a magazine In a comic book store If you believe it's the end of the world And see the market, ration again Or give the name of the long time So, Chuck, you know where you are Company 3 at 5. 60, here's a great facts from one of our listeners As I spent 10 years in the restaurant business And black people would always ask for grape and orange soda I think you're right, they like sweet drinks like coolade Well, I was Miguel's choice, coolade I think I think you're right about that too And I also think I'm right about Hawaiian punch Then that makes sense to you if you like something really sweet Think different, right? Coolade, oh yeah I would think so Although not really, I think Hawaiian punch is even sweeter Oh, I was coolade, of course, now I don't know the pen I forget because I haven't drank it, drunk it and so long You haven't drunk it? I haven't been drinking it, but don't know you have to answer your two orders I'll be ready to forget To coolade you, I sure agree, yeah Right, so coolade is as sweet as you make it Right, so if you like something extra extra thick Maybe it has something to do with like that lip thing You know, like there's like, you don't have a certain amount of taste buds in your lips Do you think we have taste buds in our lips or only on our tongue? You know, like, I don't know Yeah, big lips, maybe it's like, you like something sweet Anyway, dark folks like sweet There's no question about that, which is probably why they like watermelon And butter pick-and-ice cream Now, what seemed to me that dark folks would love fish food Because boy, you can't give, and nestle these turtles Now, did you tell you about that? He said he tried it, yeah And what did he say to you? What did he say? He liked the fish food better But he loved the turtle Don't, don't kid me now, don't try to turn it around Because I asked him when he was sitting right there So well, that's the tough call, you know He didn't want to make me feel bad, but they loved it The three of them sat on the thing on the other room there And he were like sucking it down like crazy And the turtles too And also they were buying up all the candies that we have up here You realize that there are many, many kinds of candy bars like crunchy and several others So you can't find them in the states? Oh, you got to sense them over here No, damn it You don't need no candy, okay? Chocolate lovers, get away with your can, what is that? A blistering rally on cocoa markets is starting to hit the wallets of chocolate The lovers with pieces of prices rather a pure rich product's climbing the most And in fact, maybe nestle these turtles are going to go through the ceiling Go right to the sky Attacks who save it the intense semi-sweet taste of chocolate with high cocoa content Our likely to show a lot more incoming months of speculators Show no signs of curving a buying frenzy That's kept cocoa prices hovering at 15 year highs Well, I'll be goddamn, first it's with a goddamn at the gas pump Whatever you're addicted to, like driving? Prices of other sweets would chocolate coatings over her Less effect, since cocoa is only a fractured turtle content While in Germany a price war and weak economy is worth Makers to swallow the extra cause Yeah, let them swallow it there, okay? Those Nazi bastards The way it all the way to love a colon and Berlin The way it looks now will have to, and did I tell you that they have the best ice cream in the world in Germany? No, you didn't Don't let anybody bull crap, I mean the gelato and Italy is wonderful And even in Amsterdam we have a little bit of it But the best ice cream in the world is in Germany I know that sounds strange But man, oh man, it is to die for In fact, if you go to Germany, it's a good chance you might The way it looks now will have to raise our prices considerably again Next year, set an official at Dutch premium chop that Make her droist, which raised prices by 4% or this year DROEST, you ever have droist choppers? They suck So they can raise their prices all they want There is tasteless as like cardboard You never had droist choppers? The ROR-E-S-T-E? Never heard of it. Good, that's probably why you're still alive Crap DROEST I mean you go at like at the airport And you go into the duty free shops And they have like a good diver choppers And every other kind of exotic truck at Under the sun, all these other great build-in Trockets be signed to G'diva And then they got the roast Now you're going to buy a bunch of tasteless crap that tastes like cardboard Or you're going to get like some good diver man If you want to like kill yourself with chocolate G'diva is the way to go, make no mistake about it So anyway, there's this story about price of chocolate going up There's a squeeze in this everywhere they can It's off If anything's good if we like it They just squeeze and squeeze If I squeeze in the big zip And I squeeze as much as they can get out of us I'm surprised they just don't pick us up bodily And like you know, shake us until every guy damn damn falls out of our pocket Twenty two people treated for tuberculosis This is a fishy story See I don't like fish And when I read a story like this And although I do like shrimp Our shrimp fisherman is tuberculosis When I'm treated for months infected at least Twenty two other people officials said The 31 year old man whose name was rotten out released Had laryngeal tuberculosis Inflections forms because it became transmitted during normal speech Not just sneezing or coughing Said Joseph DiBlucky Program manager for TB control in mobile county, Alabama The man had to disease for nearly eight months And his weight had fallen from 145 to 95 pounds When he was flown to a New Orleans hospital at the end of July 145 to 95 pounds Of 86 people tested 22 tested positive so far And we're going to give him medication while they had the infection They had not developed the full blown disease And the rest results of some of the people were pending We believe we pretty much made contact with everybody he's exposed Your block he said Those who haven't cooperated with the follow up testing need to realize This can be a highly contagious deadly disease After intensive treatment of hospital man was released in middle august He was sent back to Alabama with the banjo on his knee And told him to report to the mobile county health department While he was not contagious at that point He was told to wear a mask as a precaution Continue with his medication Just walk right if both of you can walk around with that wig And he said you can certainly walk around with a mask on your push In fact now that they mentioned that I have seen people walking around But like you have have you ever seen that? Like an elevator seen people with some kind of a thing over their mouth If you're an elevator Oh yeah Oh yeah Can I apologize again to that guy? I'm so sorry You know something we never saw him again either The whole time I was there I never saw him again Well I don't think you'll see him no more He's like poly and the godfather Drop the big bomb once he hit him again Probably left the building probably resigned I wouldn't blame him And like I said I'm in a fog I was thinking about that again the other day And the shower was like laughing my ass off 370 votes I think we're going to make 400 before the end of the short one of clock You know that? Because it's a very very important question on a poll today It's not like some man-be-pandy political thing You know like who you're going to vote for Because most of you aren't going to vote anyway You're much of liars In fact the people who said need to one hundred and forty yesterday They were probably being honest Both of these people aren't going to vote Especially after this debacle this time I'm going to go I'm going to go over and I never mind I'd split my mind and see and then just had a couple minutes ago It looks like they're not going to have to have a recount That's what Secretary of State James Smith says He says the bill McBride looks like he's going to be the winner He's going to be the winner. He's going to be a very close to it over dinner We know and it looks like Bill McBride is going to kick Joe Jeff Bush's ass in November Man you think the well was on drugs the other day That whole family is going to be in their sharing with her pretty soon The worst nightmare Bill McBride War hero good all around guy a guy from the west coast from Tampa So he's got that kind of Yahoo appeal as well And the other the other great thing he's got going for him and certain parts of date Yeah, he's not gonna renal Excellent. You put all those together Oh, and you got a very formidable opponent, okay? A guy who in just a couple of weeks came from oblivion From nobody had any of it. His family didn't know who the hell he was And all of a sudden he kicked dinner windows shaky ass And I know most of you people out there you Democrats voted for dinner We know bad mistake bad move Trust me what I tell you maybe looking at your wounds from getting them You know don't be crying. Oh, we want to recap just to be happy Because the best thing we can do is to debush ourselves in November Have you heard the news about the 3.95% mortgage? Well, it's true. So if you want to do something really positive for yourself and for your cash flow Now is the time to buy a home or refinance or existing home at the unbelievably low rate of only 3.95% Unbelateful if you have a 7.5% mortgage the 3.95% rate would say you were 3.5% over $3,500 The first year and $100,000 mortgage Make things easy round yourself by picking up that phone and calling financial group 1-800-940-LE-E&D That's 1-800-9405363 Getting a mortgage any place else is gonna cost you a thousand of dollars extra each year Think of all the money you can say where they 3.95% mortgage financial group is Help thousands of customers just like you is put your financing in the best possible position Get yourself that 3.95% mortgage Call financial groups today tell them that old Todd Drek useless as the dog to her Todd Drek Toady to call 1-800-9405363 That's 1-800-9405363 There are an equal housing lender, credit restrictions do apply And don't forget rate subject to change if you wait 2-0 That's damn longד Would you dance? If I asked you to dance? Just for fun? Would you have on my back? Okay. Darling, please. To make me feel fine. Would you and me, my whole tonight? Okay. Would you tremble if I touch your lips? Would you love if I'm 20? No, I could die if I did with my love. By invading my form tonight? If it was just like a zero-way, me? Oh! I know I might expect some pain. If you'd be the only lady? Would you, could find the pain right? Back home. If we'd danced, would you and welcome my past? Would you cry if I held my profile? Would you feel, to make me feel fine? I'm just waiting for my whole tonight. Hopefully, I'd say my whole tonight. Yeah, he used to be like, we post personal body and we're getting in. He made it really, really big. You know, when he started taking his clothes off and doing those emoting emotional sexual videos? Now I'm small for fit as man. He used to send me those personally autographed CDs. How do you like it? That's up. Happens all the time, man. Just like Johnny Debt, there's another one. Some people. What does that mean? In other words, when you're rich in famous and very important, then you're going to come back and... Come back and see us. Not. If you're undernated, now you won't. You won't. Turned it easy, we've hosted our poll. What do you call soft drinks? Soda, 229, Coke, 79. I don't ever drink that, Schmidt 42. Pop, 26. And Tonics, that another one. Seven for Tonics. Oh! This is enough to make me never want to go back to Europe. This is a story from CBS News. Europe pulled on Y9, 11 happened. According to a recent poll, a majority of people surveyed in six European countries, believe American foreign policy is partly to blame for the 9, 11 attacks. I just don't like your attitude. Every time they get in trouble, they want us to go bail them out. But in the meantime, researchers interviewed people in Britain, France, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Needleons, and Poland for the survey, which was done for the Chicago Council on Formulations, and the German Marshall Fund of the United States. The French were the most critical of US. And what I'd tell you about those pig frogs. The French were most critical of US foreign policy, with 63% of the frog saying US foreign policy was partly to blame for the attacks. The Italians were the least critical, 51% of them blamed US policy for 9, 11. Among the other four countries, 57% of the Brits, 52% of Germans, 59% of the Dutch, and 54% of the poll sought such a connection, 59% of the Dutch. What I tell you about them, right country, nasty people. Marshall, bottom president of the Chicago Council on Formulations, said to the people, found that many Europeans also disagree with how the US is handled complex in the Middle East. Fountain said that when he was in France, some residents told him they perceive American policy as anti-Muslim. They believe it's provided the scene which the terrorists can swim, so to speak you said. Europeans are more critical of Bush and is handling a foreign policy than Americans, 56% of your P&C its poor, 38% say its excellent or good. Americans gave the Bush administration foreign policy a higher marks, 40% of forefitting it is good. Despite their differences Americans in your P&C are many of the same views that Steve Grant and official will be German Marshall Fund. He said the 9, 11 events have strengthened the bond between the US and European allies. It brought Americans to be more internationalists recognizing that America's got more of an important role in the world of the same time. It's been Europeans more sensitive to the threats and you see you're re-alreadyness on the part of Europeans to address these new threats. Well, as far as making Americans more aware, I don't buy it. I just read a whole story about that. One of the papers up here today, I think over last weekend, saying that in spite of the attacks, Americans still have no idea about the rest of the world. Even Canada, they haven't got any idea where to fight it on a map with both hands, much less all of your P&C countries and those Asian countries forget about it. No chance. You think if you went after the goddamn day land, for example, with a globe of the world and said, okay, show me where in the countries were unnamed, show me where Iraq is or Afghanistan? How many of those people just out of 100 people you think could show you where it was? Most of the North Florida is come on. Do you have a big sure canned vote? Say sure no how to vote. Think it almost take a moment. See, this is the problem with Florida. You got too many goddamn old old old dead people walking around pretending they're alive. You got too many old Cubans who are living in a goddamn past. Might it call them out of a net crap? That's at a disgrace. That's a shame. And this Armando Goudira is with his big fat pupa, and that ugly white shirt, which you had a wash once in a month at least. You know, making excuses where I all they thought it meant gay marriage? You know, something that tells me one thing stupid, because Mayor Pinguapakini and others went on Spanish language radio. They explained it. They let them know what it was all about. So that's just an excuse for a bigotry, and they take these pools and talk about liars. Lire, liar, you're a thing is on fire, man. All you silly old Cuban queens, what are you kidding? Straight back on a banana boat. Any Cubans over the age of 100, you're out. You're going to have to speak in. In fact, what we're going to do is have your swim back home. Maybe you can find alien on a way. Don't forget, by the way, speaking of Cubans, Georgian Miguel, and Voka Brian, who's in a Whereiquiapir tonight, Annette Silly, way. And a treasure island located off the palm of the island, just north of the 120-second street exit. Stop by for some really embarrassingly bad QA in prizes, because we have no promotional budget, and because the reen probably gives a good stuff to mow. And the prizes, too. And Budweiser's precious. Plus check out this week's features, Zoe Britain at tonight at Treasure Island. Once the reen is going to be performing at Treasure Island, what week is that going to happen? 1252 at 560 WQAM. Natural shopping is a gigantic waste. But you see it's a good set, because I was just thinking about a big ass. Right, come. And of course, you want to put your big ass on a comfortable mattress. And the way to do that is call our good friends at Donna mattress, the experts. People are really know their craftman, 1-800 mattress. When you dial that number, you'll be immediately not subjected to a bedding expert consultant. Or is it an expert bedding consultant? In other words, to make a long story short, somebody understands what it's all about. And I'll hook you up with exactly the brand and kind of mattress if you want like a queen, or a king, or a twin, or whatever. And whichever brand you prefer, they've got only the best. No off-brand, they've got sorta, silly, Simmons, King Corps. How can you beat that? And their prices every day of the year, every day of your life are unbeatable. I have some phony sail where to give you like a bait and swish, and send you some mattress that you wouldn't buy with somebody else's money. They give you the best, and they deliver to you when it's convenient for you any day of the week, seven days, within a two hour window that you pick, like 11-1, noon-2, 1-3, 2-4-3-5, 4-6, etc. and so on. So if you want to find to hand, they give you the 30 day in home comfort guarantee. Let's you try it out the smart way up to 30 days to make sure it's right for you and your back. So if your old mattress is ahead of, get you a great new one, and unbeatable price, the easiest way in the world by just making one simple phone call to dial a mattress. 1-800 mattress, 1-800-MATTR-ES, or look up on that worldwide web at mattress.com. 5-800-MATTR-ES, or look up on that worldwide web at mattress. Oh god, Neil. How are you doing, honey? Hey, come on, you a smear-off. I'm a friend of the hell. That's my woman, what am I saying? Nick can take recorded calls and broken two-ho-tell. I tried. Cheryl, forks and tripping fall on tiny pee. Chia. I never trusted one damn thing Jimmy Carter said. A lot of Reagan's biggest problem was his white-figured damn name. And if all of a sudden we've got a president who does much more than flirt. Yeah, touch the knob, you get the job, just lift that time skirt. If you find a father's girlfriend, they feel the arena. Someone's if it slides, the third eye clinton's big owinger. Oh, my God. I got his furry father. And two, two, three, go. Oh, my God. I like this all. Let's steal another bird. Let's go, I'll help you. He's five-chill the young ones who make their homes up south. The only job required men is... Have a purly mouth. Then it's all better small. They all fall in this track. Let's go, my mate. Take a water. Put here all my life. You might bump into split-wheel-eat your local bar. In the parking lot, it's special counsel-canning star. If I sleep too, fucks me, fill these eyes sit down between us. He'll touch it, stop, and he won't stop. He's thinking with his weiner. I'm not a moron. All that's wrong. I'm faking glimpsing a whishin' right now. I do rather well, though, though. I'm faking moron. Why do you harm us? Why do you? You're doing it to my lord. I'm sure my guild doesn't share my sentiments, but I miss him a lot. I don't want to take a bite. You don't want to be at a TV show, wouldn't you? Who, I'm sorry? Anyway. Excellent. Just a sensational way to bring this affair almost to a close. I broke a record today by the way. You'll be very proud of me, and please, though, that I have my clothes on, my socks and my shoes. And you want to know why? All right. Because it's Thursday. Thursday is May Day. Not May Day, but May Day? The May Day comes. I'm getting May Day. I'm getting May Day. I'm going to be a Mayed Man. You enjoy a Fashi. Well, the Mayed comes in the afternoon Thursday. I'm going to get out of here right at 1 o'clock. So during the break, I take the opportunity to clean up a little bit, put on a real shirt. Because I've said you're doing the show on my walking shorts. You know, would know a shirt and bully me. It's not a pretty sight. So anyway, I'm already going to go. I'm going to even my shoes on. My beautiful shoes from my new balance. I'm ready to go. Outstanding. 3 every 92 votes on a pool today. What do you call soft drinks? I still wish we'd have put crap on it. I would have been good. But so to 234 in this crowd, we got a lot of New Yorkers out there. We got a lot of people from the Northeast. We have many, many people from all of these places. Coke 79. I don't remember drink that. Schmidt 45. Pop only 27. So we don't have too many upstate New York people, listen, I guess. Or certainly not too many Canadians. I'll wait till hockey season starts man. You already got my tickets in the Mayed yesterday at home. Ready for the hockey season? No. Going to be a long bad one man. Going to be a week. And last but not least, Tonic with 7. The Mayed dog will be a Tonic for a year. It's one of the clockies coming up next. The hump for this afternoon and why is Bino cook on the year?