And I just can't understand why people like Sunny Jurgansson or I don't want to sing them out, but out of the eight dolphin affiliated people in the pro-football hall frame. The only one who was there this weekend that I know. The reliable mechanic for your car, you got to find a great local restaurant and you got to find a new jeweler. Found mine, GR Dunn Jewelers, North Federal Highway at Lighthouse Point. Not find that Shawn Medjim Dunn met the whole staff, Mrs. Dunn. It was really the boss. They were so welcome. I tell you right away that GR Dunn's first class operation built on relationship. They're looking for an engagement ring, take a tour of the Diamond Cutter Showroom. I did. Unbelievable. Anniversary gift. Whoa. Wait until, well, maybe I can wait because it's a big deep into the pockets. You see, the gorgeous fashion jewelry pieces are all out in my wife's seat. I'm love custom create something for the Robert Pellitia original design. From glad I discovered GR Dunn Jewelers and very soon I'll have a new location open on Los Odo's Boulevard in downtown Fort Lortodale. But right now, stop in, see them at 42-10 North Federal Highway at Lighthouse Point. Just like me, you're going to feel right at home and very comfortable dealing with Jim and with Shawn and with everybody at GR Dunn Jewelers. Okay, and dollars today, we're going to talk football. Well, then I fell Sunday, take it on direct TV. Customers get up to 14 regular season NFL games every Sunday and this is not on cable. Don't wait, baby. Sir, do we really need to be in a huddle to discuss this? Of course we do, oh, down. Where's your team spirit? Oh, yeah. Now in addition to the up to 14 NFL games, Customers also get access to 31 premium movie channel. Walker puts that mask out uniform back on. It's safe. Walker, these people want football and football is what we're going to give them. So that and local channels, so stick to the gameplay. Call your gut. Call the trenches. I'm leaving the best darn install as you can pick. Sir, once you've had my bug when you say that, it's a football thing. Now get four free months of our best programming package. Just subscribe to NFL Sunday, take it and total choose premier programs with an annual commitment to any total choice programming package. Call 1-800 direct TV or see your local retailer, direct TV, feel the joy. Offer has 10-12-2 new customers only. Hardware programming so separately black-up was another delicious unless you reach the Liberty Hills. The Grana for A football fans have we got the place for you. He Grana for located inside Cafe Grana and the Pine. Every Sunday door open is news for football. Football, football. Watch your favorite teams on over 80 TVs, including eight big screens and our personal VIP viewing table, call for activation. The Grana for $5.00 for a picture, shutter, bug life. $5 pizza is anywhere you like. $25, any Grana wins. Plus everyone gets a space on the bug board for a chance to win great prizes. Sunday afternoon at a Grana for a new ready-boy. Hey, Vince fans, the goal-stay enjoying me along with Don Bailey Junior and Cafe Grana for the big Dalton Pokes Game Show. Why? It'll be giveaways and a lot more so we'll see you Sunday. Kick off your week with Monday night football. Five for five domestic bottles. Great special Saturday for ESPN College Game Day. Door open at new. Be Grana for located inside Cafe Grana on the Southwest corner of Pine's and University in Denver Pine. This is how Florida's only real sports weekend. WKWA 100 Miami Ford Lutter Day. A P-Z1 cast group station. WKWA M.com. 4 or 4. Yeah. I'm here at Echo again. An apple tin was constant one night before the Off and Game. And I was standing between you and Joe Robbie at the bar. And you guys were talking through me since you weren't speaking through each other. And it was, you know, tell him this and tell him that. and uh... i was like the messenger between you two guys but uh... they're genuinely was not all of the you first and the echoes going thank goodness for that okay it's not a four little bit late but then again hey mode take all the time you want baby no problem lisana towvon get out of here and by the way there's something on your way so uh... terrorist threats found in twenty miles stretch of i seventy five which you heard a little while ago this sister has been going on all morning long a possible terrorist right in south floripirs who've been floored says uh... in bc six but i mean you know we uh... we really don't know that much uh... three men and two vehicles have been detained and they're still being held this morning near naples police had the staff were based on possible terrorist threat information from georgia uh... live tv shot show that explosive charges being used to blast open what appear to be a backpack taken from one of the vehicles they said there were no explosives in the backpack a lot of clock this morning the if florida department law enforcement issue would a call is a bolo or a be on the look of message cologne force manages is across the entire state of florida a message coming from the georgia bureau investigation as law enforcement to be on the look out for three possible terrorist suspects making threats about potential terrorism activities in the mimey area authorities say they had what they believed to be credible information regarding three men possibly of middle eastern descent who were headed to southland and made threats about potential terrorist activities in the mimey area law enforcement officials said a waitress overheard these men having a conversation at a shoneys restaurant a calvone georgia yesterday Miguel says he ate a choneys once and the drops in bombs of his own demand reportedly warverhood saying they mean the americans mourned on i'm eleven and they're going to mourn again on nine thirteen meaning today local police were asked for uh... to look for a new black condom with all the relations plates and bc five in chicago reports that a thirties of trace one of the and suburban barred with illinois and so they were together twenty miles for it and they also have a no fly zone over the alligator rally at the moment and it's uh... and they're still in terry and they really don't know that much another reason that is very time consuming that uh... they were particularly searching this they had they go through each piece of the vehicle as you could imagine you just think of your own you can hide explosives anywhere in a car so it is not just a the common areas of the vehicle that need to be searched for the entire vehicles there are two of them uh... i don't know anything uh... has been found that the raises more concerns but uh... you need to do this well in the particle because if if a mistake is made is someone is injured uh... you know there's no coming back from that and that's why it's so is it scary and it's a gnarly we haven't been able to confirm whether these two vehicles and the men and the two vehicles are related can you the uh... the only information i have to that is these are both of the two vehicles that were put out bulletin the be on the lookout for associated with the information of the Georgian and then the other point that is been raised here is when you look at the map which we're gonna do now is the geography of the state someone pointed out uh... that the turkey point nuclear power plants maybe uh... more than a couple dozen miles of way what is the level of concern there about the vulnerability of power plants in your state i'm not saying that two of these are connected at all the different and the geography you can't ignore the fact that that power plant exists he speaks with the tannity still with us now he probably just dropped the phone i's going to fall i think she chased them away with any other question like that because they don't know a damn thing in a way she's talking nuclear power plants but of course that's the news media for you because they're a little bit of crazy so before anybody gets all panicking the benefit of shape and psychotic uh... they don't all that and they got everything laid out there on the road on the uh... alley and they're looking and investigating and of course we don't know if there were bombs or who knows if they were really terrorist at all and of course it might have been other things than bombs could have been chemical agents or whatever again what's the point of speculating to the post you like to get everybody whipped up to a frenzy like polystrona do there with her nuclear uh... power plant with turkey point speaking of turkey paula okay let's get back in just calm down or relax when we find anything will uh... you know keep monitoring the situation as they say we're monitoring the situation happy Friday the 13th we asked yesterday what do you call soft drinks on our pool we had seven hundred eighty people who said so to four hundred fifty two and by the no contest that sort of versus pop thing not in south florida so to four fifty two coke on sixty two i'd never drink that shmit ninety pop sixty three and tonic uh... thirteen said tonic which i find most amusing you want to show you our poll question they've written our show we do the fight let's see janitor reno by the way she's not going down without a fight baby we got that story coming up to the front side since last night that he's the democratic nominee for governor and janitor's not so fast their cowboy not so fast so we still can't get it done every newscast last night every show every newscast making part of us in florida and of course we're used to it so we say right as we can use the publicity you know i guess that's our new model now no publicity is bad publicity will take it got a shocking editor illistened satian all i'm shocking editor of a national post this morning here in Toronto couldn't believe it i've looked at the headline i thought it had to be like sarcastic or a joke and i read the whole which i'll get to it why stop it pot legalize all drugs all what it says takes a real shot at the uh... so called u.s. war on drugs in here uh... great editor and the i don't think we'd be reading that in the heard of the sun sent a little bit so so janitor ready for a fight i got a book and under the London Times says u.s. times rusher with profits of outings and on and basically what it says is that uh... we made them offer they couldn't refuse puten so that the Russians would go along with us and uh... they bush mice to be sent to this morning mumbling a little bit they had that on scene and saying he doesn't really expect that satama's gonna like go along with you so whatever whatever sanctions the uh... whatever report proposal resolution the one uh... drams of course there's anybody ever go along with resolutions of the one no really but nevertheless so of course the the uh... the uh... game plan has already been drawn up i've got a book that i bought yesterday which will just uh... make the hair stand on your head it's called forbidden truth u.s. Taliban secret oil diplomacy in the failed hunt for bin Laden by john charles bursard and gium discade escape two frogs and this uh... it says international bestseller banned by the bin Laden family by the way and i'm going to read that today a little bit later on just the introduction and prologue which is uh... quite lengthy but anyway it's uh... it's unbelievable so those of you people who want to continue living in said like ostriches with your head buried in the sand and believe everything we go from a tells you hey it's free country at least uh... still is at this moment and we might even have another election we have to relate to our kind of like true me off a little bit you know what i mean okay i'm fine and of course is george okay that's the question you notice Miguel is there again today and uh... the reason Miguel is there is called george's uh... sick is the dog but be the true for that he is and be in his horny as he is even when he sick is the dog he was there at treasure island nice night wrapped in a schmata look like grandma he looked like grandma mosa sanna bedday with a schmata around him i might might be bothers show enough i don't get it money i see excellent i got a judge who is going to the doctor today to get checked out and see if he's still alive or whatever but he'll be okay he'll be back on monday in fact as we approach payday course he gets paid the automatic deposit anyway so we don't have to worry about picking up checks things like that it's uh... eleven past nine at five sixty qm g msir what they're all she's saying anything important on cnc and sern everything is being investigated and investigated thoroughly as this incident is they may turn up some bad people along the way but it does not necessarily mean that any of these incidents is going to have anything to do with terrorism and did she say bad people i think she she was i think she meant he will do her but i sleep at the time some bad people in other words these folks who do these things are what she meant to say on cnm where they seem to become just a little bit unglue to this morning from a chapter nine at five sixty w q a m v ip sportsbook dot com that name about sons really for major and it should be because v ip sportsport dot com is the only sportsbook in the universe to be endorsed by all the industry wants to go for the next nineteen ninety six because you know times news recent issues as you can look for you won't find a better overall sportsbook then v ip sportsbook dot com but maybe you're looking for more than just a world-class booked it offers twenty four hour v ip service in the safety of a leader how about the highest parlay odds you'll find anywhere up to two thousand one minimum bets of only five bucks and three with the us twenty four hours at eight and a fifteen percent cash bonus added to your first deposit now this isn't some general book located like in west day this is Dutch based v ip sportsbook dot com when we say Dutch based i get really excited where you're treated with plants in your money is safe sign up online get yourself a fifteen percent cash bonus added your account or column full free at eight six six v ip bets eight six six v ip b e t s easy to get started just go online and go to a v ip sportsbook dot com don't forget when you sign up online that's when you get you that fifteen percent cash bonus be a winner v ip sportsbook dot com where you are the v ip online and local this is for 25-50 way and right now you said you the worst conference you had was with garrel but there but there were guys who could be if not the lids were at least with turner backs on you well i have the toughest guy to talk to after the often game if they lost as many for nandes because many took losing so hard and i always admired him for this although i really never thought many would turn out to be the great solid citizen that he's become you didn't dare go up to many because he might go for a circus he took losing so hard a lot of others Nick Nick will not kind of boy you didn't want to be around him after they lost they were all the guys who stayed on an even keel like she was most of the time bob griezy you couldn't even tell from talking bob griezy whether they want to lost yeah and one more thing and that is among other things that you've done all these years you've been the the south lord of boder in the hall of fame election every year um that's not an easy job but i think people kind of look at that and maybe they don't really understand all that goes into it they're all we they're always people who are quick to i was listening to a national talk show this weekend where they were ripping the voters for not putting bob a's in there's always some constituency out there that's unhappy that is very true yet it's uh i think it's uh it's so it's an arduous process isn't that it is arduous and has been i'd use arduous for the nearly 30 years i've been on there and worst of that is getting more and more arduous every year because every year the in i felt keeps burping out more and more players who eligible to finish their careers five years ago and it's like every year you have the same five pound sack but now this year you're trying to put 12 pounds into the five pound sack next year you got to put 15 pounds in there and it gets just gets tougher and tougher and people don't uh don't realize how tough it is to make the hall of i'm every coach thanks to all of his players should be in there i can tell you this that a lot of the voters selectors sort of resent the fact that there's so many dolphins in there uh some of them don't think some of them resent bob grazy being in there i obviously do not resent this opportunity and certainly endorsed him some of the merchant jemlanger being in there it's very odd though of the doll all the dolphins in there they have six offensive players only one defensive player nick balma kani in the coach don't show up and on the superboat teams the defensive is better than the offense there should be no doubt anybody's mind just man uh there's something there's no such a world the american leader obviously made it up my mind and how that's the cetronome country for our friends in hell as hey George whatcha talent for that were about to go to war yes you George you seen yours little son boy that was dumb hey George now you're looking for that guy who's threatened us before yes what you made one thing who boosy boolean me that was just well that you had to tell the plan to attack until get back the just down the theater will be abs and g tell me why you have to go and tell a ractor gonna be invaded if he says dumb now those are coming for him so we'll find a way to escape it he said guy that said he now he's linking his weight underground so I doubt the word ever got to find him on a three I can't believe it's all the ractyl be invaded no no no no no no 19 at five six you've got to be too happy Friday to have the sun is shining it's beautiful here is it still crappy whether there too yep is it really I was on I got here was still dark I see because it's at least not reading on a alley and there you've got eight zillion porkers out there on a alley and they got what is that thing did you see that kind of like silver looking thing look like some kind of a tent did you see that ever kind of device and gizmo author on a highway and they're checking all of the contents of both the cars that they pulled over and the three individuals that they said that they weren't arrested but they're being detained hopefully they're like pulling out their fingernails to get the relances out of not that we want to go too far but here's our pull question today Eric I want to give the pull question early so we're going to go off and enjoy a lovely brunch in a great weekend who do you think is the most dangerous person in the world today that's our pull question who do you think is the most dangerous person in the world today I've got six choices for you Sodom Hussein Osama bin Laden Yasser Arrafat Ariel Sharone George W. Bush or the Pope I don't you think that's a good bunch of choices there how is the Pope dangerous dangerous dangerous start to shower like a W now how is the Pope dangerous it's only a four-hour show and we got a late start because we had a lot of heavy football stuff under this morning plus we had to find out that Don Bailey juniors got a urinal in his house it would be it would be one thing if it was in the bathroom but it's like an elevator room but that DBJ he's got a great sense of humor how is the Pope dangerous come on you don't ask that question please so who do you think is the most dangerous person in the world today Sodom Hussein Osama bin Laden Yasser Arrafat George W. Bush Ariel Sharone in the Pope and see when Miguel asked that I forgot that it was a brainwash Catholic okay Reno says she's ready for a fight even as evidence mounted that perhaps thousands of votes in date county had not been counted it just gets crazy or in crazy or man there's no end to it like all the other elections now we're gonna have a South Florida it they just never ran they go on forever until we the day everybody gets worn out from accounting fatigue and sput the at filmic bride declared victory last night is the democratic nominee for governor but janitor we know who appeared to lose by just 8100 votes girded for a fight to preserve her candidacy and she said the rights of voters who uh and the voices heard the standoff created a harsh new reality for democratic party leaders just two months ago before they hoped to once he'd governor jewelry a jet bush fitting the party's hierarchies favored son against a populist icon revered by core democratic voters who feel disenfranchised and those people are too stupid to understand that you can't win the general election we want as you all know my pride told supporters in taffa just before we know told a TV audience that she would not concede a bride said we won 59 out of 67 counties that's amazing the only problem for him those he got walloped in date roud and pombie to nero counties i mean walloped and perhaps the most critical county of all choosing the nominee in date elections officials realized to their hori yesterday that on told hundreds or thousands of votes may not have been counted doesn't that surprise you? a review of just four of 81 disputed precincts turned up 1818 uncounted votes prompting renaut advisers to put the breaks on any kind of concession not so fast cowboy if the county decides to examine all seventy two hundred voting machines a distinct possibility official said we know could pick up an avoces to narrow the gap she went about seventy percent of those cast and date on Tuesday in remarks delivered this moment after my pride's victory speech renaut congratulated her rival on a great campaign but put her position in stark terms i think it's very important we get the votes counted in the people's voices heard through their votes he said she blamed the voting problems on the governor who spent most of the day yesterday deflecting the blame back on one of the democrats who oversee elections in the counties with the biggest problems date and grow into course of ping-a-picking in date and supervisor elections mary on all a fant and brown who needs to be fired right away by the way voice said it's not his problem but he's chief executive of the state there no laws more important in the state than election laws she said she said renaut i'm going to do everything i can as governor as a private citizen to see that the electoral system or send the state so people will have confidence in it said janit in stark contrast renaut focus on voters rights mickbryard barely eluded the election chaos voter regular reason his opponents refusal concede what we need to do now he said is a united get together with the real business at hand so this uh is not what the democrats wanted all they wanted the united front they don't want divisiveness etc but it no matter what happens it seems that there's this democratic death wish in the state of for the special in south voters so he's uh i'm gonna fight it out and of course the votes have to be certified in the on this coming Tuesday so if they redo the date votes and it comes to find out that i can't conceive of how she can make up that many votes the only thing is if she makes up about 1500 votes to get the margin under 6700 then it's an automatic statewide recount and then of course it's up for grabs then god only knows oh god what kind of chaos we're gonna have here's this editorial today's Canadian national post it's just amazing that there are people who can actually tell it like it is it's uh Andy lady writes why stop it pot legalized all drugs oh this isn't an editorial it's a column nevertheless three years for unelected senators last week they released a report stating that Canada's marijuana laws waste enormous resources destroyed lives of drug users in fringe on civil liberties foster organized crime and do absolutely nothing to stop people from getting high inevitably critics were quick to offer the usual objections in response to the senators call for legalization as a parent Canadian line leader Stephen Harbour observed i simply don't share the view of the alcohol is more harmful in marijuana for their part the globe and male and national post published cringing wishy-washy editorial calling for a decriminalization rather than outright legalizations who does not mentor to column by Andy lady the sole problem with the come out committees recommendations today they apply only to cannabis when it comes to drugs the only who main policies to legalize them all ecstasy cocaine heroin PCB prohibition is failed an equal measure for all of those substances prohibition is enormous social cost and there's more harm than good it's time to junk the entire approach prohibition is a legalization would trigger massive increases in drug consumption addiction this reflect an extremely simplistic understanding of the relationship between legalization and usage as the senate committee notes in regard to cannabis use among the young we have not legalized cannabis and we have one of the highest rates in the world countries adopting more liberal policy after the most part rates of usage lower than hours which stabilize after a short period of growth similarly heroin uses almost three times higher in the ultra prohibition is united states that it is in freewheeling Holland the idea that legalization means epidemic consumption is mostly hysteria of those who do try drugs many perhaps most experiment in their youth and then stop of those who do keep using the majority do so without becoming addicted two years ago Ottawa citizen journalist Dan Gardner obtained a 1995 World Health Organization study on cocaine the most extensive ever conducted in quoted one of its key findings occasional cocaine use not intensive or composite consumption is the most typical pattern of cocaine use such finding so discredit their mercus drug policy that it threatened with whole WHO funding in the report was never released as for actual addicts prohibition only compounds their misery some of the drug problem doesn't need a jail sentence he needs help the senate report notes that 90% of governments spending related drugs is devoted to enforcement that leaves only 10% for things like addiction treatment and harm reduction programs where anti drug dollars would be better spent several studies if documented that when addicts overdose other uses are present up who are present frequently don't call 9 11 out of fear they'll be arrested for obitious the direct factor in such preventable deaths that's not the only area where prohibition kills is gardener wrote in 2000 for 1920 to 33 of years of alcohol prohibition in the US about 800 gangsters died fighting each other in the streets of Chicago and just the last two years in Tijuana 1000 people have been killed fighting over the drug trade Tijuana is only an extreme example of a phenomenon that takes place around the world prohibition creates a black market that gives rise to organized crime and violence from Quebec's vicar war through inner city shootings in the US to the destabilization of inter-latin american companies only removing the control of drugs from criminals will address the root problem this is one reason why decriminalization doesn't go far enough the criminalization means getting caught with drugs results in the equivalent of a traffic to get rather than arrest but selling drugs is still illegal so criminal distribution chains remain completely untouched the criminalization also does nothing to address the massive resources that would still be wasted targeting traffickers and ticketing users or devilations of civil liberties prohibition entails endless numbers of innocent people are subjected to the indignity of airport strip searches or worse thanks to the current drug hysteria for many of these problems especially the carnage of flicking latin america we can thank the united states and its tragically misguided war on drugs the US is consistently bullied other countries whenever they've considered liberalizing domestic drug laws aid packages have been well-held official passports denied threats of trade sanctions issued in candid of the US drug enforcement agency recently connected a covert sting operation that involved blatant act in this regard of Canadian sovereign values and law as a BC judge ruled in august all this in the name of a policy that consistently failed to eliminate drugs war has had victims and the war on drugs is no exception in recognizing the simple crushing the obvious truth the senate has produced a rare government document that speaks in a voice of moral sanity prohibition will always fail why are we so afraid to try something else right and he lay me today's national post on territory 927 at 560 WQAM in a lot of things you know went out with knickers for example the old fashion way of shopping for a mattress used to have to get in your car slip around town go to all the bedding and departments to the front of one you're looking for and the best deal not any more you get the combination of all of the above the best deal and the best price and of course the best delivery deal anywhere in the world and a 30 day in home comfort guarantee when you buy your new mattress from dialometres so throw off the old ideas you had about shopping for a great mattress just pick up the phone a call 1 800 mattress that's all you have to do you'll talk to somebody who really knows their crap will hook you up with exactly the kind of mattress you want and when it comes to name brands that's all they carry no off brands no seconds they got surdu and silly simmons and king coil and of course you picked today and uh two hour window for delivery any day seven days a week when you call dialometres like between noon and two and one i'm three and two and four and a one and a two and a two and a two and a two and a two like Lawrence welcome to say and you get that 30 day in home comfort guarantee which lets you sleep on that mattress up to 30 days to make sure it's good for you and your back and you're getting a great night sleep every night so if the old mattress is ahead of do what I always do pick up that phone right now and call dialometres before the end of the day they'll be knocking on your door taken away the crappy old bedding and setting up the great new one call 1 800 mattress 1 800 mA TTR ES or check them out of the web at macros.com wait for me. it's Friday you for a few warning we have mercilessly taken the following material out of context without endorsement or permission from those depicted it is our ongoing mission to make every minute is good and decent look as ridiculous as possible we hope we reach that goal or at least major that friends and distinguished guests simply put president bush can read only at the most basic level i'm working with a variety of organizations to achieve president bush's great goal learn basic vocabulary words education is a top priority for president bush and opportunity him with the children's dictionary i'm proud that my husband just yesterday he said can the garden because education brings opportunity our public schools are open to every child in America and president bush thank you for your help and you're so welcome okay so they've the police have got a suspicious package if they took out of one of those two cars and it contained medical equipment does that tell you anything no medical equipment i'm just just passing along there was no bomb nothing you know oh and that can't be who is that who would they got on CNN and our office of uh stay right and tell you it looks like bright and was in about thirty years was passed on it we involved the domestic security concern the information was specific to vehicles and tag numbers that were seen in the location in Georgia that information was subsequently followed out to fall to law enforcement about midnight this morning vehicles passed through the tar booth at the west end of alligator alley one of the vehicles uh go through the pair booth without paying the tar we had a start unit so on saying from higher county looking for the vehicles anyway and and they were subsequently stopped we've been out here ever since i in an attempt to clear those vehicles and identify the I'll clearly identify the occupants determine what if any thread exists from the vehicles at this point in time and and we've bought a lot of resources from our domestic security task force to make that happen with that i'll be happy to answer any questions that you might have are you talking about anything that we have in the heart we are detaining the suspects they have not been charged at this time or the participant in and to investigation i think we're bringing such some what they're offering we have identified the we have identified the three suspects are they legal immigrants uh we as far as we know they're all three legal yes there's a lot of that we're not going to release any specific information at this point it's an ongoing investigation we need to be ready to care about the they're still a tire county yes i think it's a piece of here i'm not going to confirm that at this point we've got a lot of activity that we are we're the those vehicles have not been completely showed that this point at time so the bottom line is we don't know the answer to that we're still have determined to have any experts to continue to be inside of this that this point uh when the vehicles were initially stopped uh bomb sniffing dogs were called to the scene the dogs did alert on both vehicles and from that we tried the bomb team in from our task force uh we have asked for reinforcement resources for Miami Day to have some specialized equipment that will help us complete the searches those resources just got here got part of the Miami region the message security task force and they'll have to stop there what a dog we don't we don't we don't know are the other things of their I'm not going to answer any questions right through their identity do we know if the dogs were wrong if the eyes watch live and not not going to answer anything specific to the suspect of this one we're getting the change about if you don't have a learner have to very many common sense well it's there's a possibility that some accelerant or some explosive type material could be in the vehicles that's all it that many can't have helped me that's why you do a search afterwards the verify that like ground you're doing holding to the people and how long can you know that before they are charged we are we're holding on such a bunch of the investigation uh once we clear the vehicles we'll make a determination of what if any charges will be filed and uh and proceed from there can you do a lot of it how long do you want to be home? can I get a perfect genesis of this and if any more general would send it to the genesis? EJ pick a little from the FBI only I'll only pass on the information same from Georgian it was very specific yes I don't know what the conversation not gonna be specific about that but I will tell you it was the information we had was specific the vehicles were identified not by color by tag number so we have very specific information okay good for you okay so well they don't even know that much they got the three-niss amount of tell us that they're from the Middle East even though we the initial story said that they appeared to be Middle East but then a lot of people appear to be Middle East and right there probably people could confuse Miguel for being Middle East and I would think so what especially when you had that growth you know that grew some growth so anyway we allow you know keep keep on top of it and uh stop forward as always you know remember remember back in the uh beginning when we had the uh that's not it that's not what I wanted you know what I wanted you love that so I do love that but the problem is we can't play that do you think that maybe that that's probably part of the conspiracy to the fact that that came up anyway the point I was trying to make is that everything between the election on Tuesday and between when they found the original air-track in Boca and the every guy that didn't think it comes down to play can affect it almost all the terrorist lived in around the south Florida one at one point for some period of time and now we have this now we have this uh threat on the alley anyway like I said we'll keep our eye on I'm gonna do the break a little bit earlier okay because we got we got behind in the beginning and unfortunately when you get behind it I mean you know it's one thing to go a minute over what do they go over like 15 minutes something like that on the most show this morning because they had that guy who's uh uh got the same age in his day feedler and they were trying to do him a favor even though nobody knows who he is something like that I don't know Mohan little problem getting getting the show off this morning and when he gets to be that age a lot of guys have trouble getting off nine thirty eight and then you know once we get a little bit of ourselves gonna have time for fun games we got nineteen votes on the pool to pull us up on your rangers dot com who do you think is the most dangerous person in the world today the pope one are we all sure on one yes or on the far one or some of your mama been ladden four side of who's saying five and George W seven but here it hey let me tell you about something that's really good for you okay and that's all you're mad as soft shell capsule it's got the most pure the best the uh most phenomenal olive oil and know that money can buy anywhere and along with that there's other good stuff for you all you might contain vitamins and minerals and robbles and they make a different product to promote health for different parts of your body there's an old human castle designed to help your prostate one for your heart your blood purse your cholesterol all the results of that meds also got supplements prone health in your circulatory system your digestive your end of consistent your skin and bones even your mind all using the benefits of pharmaceutical grade olive oil and all you might have products for men and some specifically designed for women as well fix them up today it's available all over town you'll find it at wall greens at whole food markets the viral pharmacy it's a donos it's an exciting stupidious new product that's helping lots of lots of people stay healthy if you want to find out more information about what it does now it works call olio metteul free at 1-866-O-V-O-M-E-D and you can order their products on their website too at oliomedamerica.comезжals messy into desperately the electronic Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, yeah. Time for office! I'm gonna win! My-my-my-my-my-my-my-my-my. Action. Actually that's a good position. Oh, where they actually is. Alright school! And I like football. I'm gonna keep doing a post because they make me feel better. Action. 9.43 at 5.50 at W-W-K-U-M44 votes on a pool. Well, who do you think is the most dangerous person in the world today? one for error fart one for two for sure on three for the pope and you are a pope pulling the pope poop with the pope yeah don't hey when he gets to be in his age and he is a physical condition you probably a pope will not necessarily in the right place the pope's got three oh some of your mom has got eight satin with say nine and George W. is got 21 21 course i when he gets a now what do you think i voted for anyway here's this article from uh... London times today written by robbing shepherd in muskou u.s. temp's russia with profits of outing sodom as president bush demanded action from the united nations against the rack u.s. emissary was loving for support in russia the one member of the u.s. security council that might block approval for the use of force john both in the undersecretary of state was officially in muskou to discuss non-proliferation but officials had privately that a rack was at the top of his agenda a Russian veto at force the u.s. and written to be considered a plan to ask president sottom was saying or the way jlone military campaign against the rack diplomats and analyst are far from certain that rushable agreed to the use of force despite president put in the report with mr bush they said that economic factors will be a key argument with the promise that rush will be offered big contracts in the rebuilding of a post war rack at the top of the list of incentives the Soviet Union was largely responsible for the development of a rax military and industrial infrastructure and russian firms would be well placed to help modernize it once the dom is gone some experts argue that russians recent announcement of a 26 billion pound investment program that's like about forty billion dollars in a rack should have been seen as nothing more than briskmanship russians way of naming the price for its support we view the program is russia sticking out its claim any post war deal Paul Lewis a russian eastern european specialist at the economic uh... at the economist intelligence unit in London said they also say that russian real companies are likely to benefit from investment opportunities of sottom is removed and rax five billion pound at the masco is much more likely to be paid his Alexander verse-boe the west ambassador suggested this week washington could throw in some incentives of its own such as easier access to american markets and helping in the world trade organization one problem is that russia has heard it all before a senior russian politicians have been increasingly vocal and arguing that the post-cult war relationship between russian america has been nothing but one way traffic russians pulled out of the at nomin cuba back down over an eight was planned to admit the Baltic states of these former soviet union and kept quiet when u. s unilaterally pulled out of the anti-balistic missile treaty u. s congress has failed to reciprocate by for example lifting cold war error trade restriction such as the jackson vannic amendment a double humiliation since its terms no longer apply even a china and addition russia still has no firm time table for wto membership another problem is that russia already does well out of its relationship with sottom russian industry is a prime beneficiary of the u.n oil for food program and is able to capitalize on riety of industrial projects in a rack that will be opened up to fierce foreign competition should sottom be ousted more over a fannua raki regime decided to turn on its oil taps the price of oil could plummet which would hurt the russian economy considerably with elections in 2004 this is a fact that mr. Putin can't afford to ignore it's likely therefore that the price of moscos support will be higher than the mere encouragement it's received so far president Putin warned the u.n security council yesterday that russia may soon launch its own war against terrorism in jorja with the aim of hunting down chechen garrillers that's not jorja is in the west by the way folks that's jorja like in the the Soviet former Soviet Union mr. Putin said a message to the council for the permanent members as well as the kofi and the one security general saying that russia would take adequate measures if jorja failed to be established control of its pankisi jorja gorg region or the border with chechnya chechen rebels have used the areas of base throughout their three year war with russia masca was unease relations with jorja threatened to break down over the issue if jorja fails to take concrete steps to destroy the terrorists and they continue to attack us from its territory then russia in strict compliance with international law will take adequate measures for avoiding the terrorist threat mr. Putin said in this message however he added that russia had no intention of bringing about a change of government in piled the leese how do you say that we go t b i l i s i i how is it again exactly the russian media speculated at moscos on washington of rits and agreement which mr. Putin would turn to blind eye to any u s operation to write provided mr. bush does the same over jorja how do you like that huh and you think it's a coincidence that these uh scumbags over there in uh on the alley that they came from jorja at least that's where they started the jorjini anyway mighty coincidence mio car inch by inch you know i would love to know pala what is on the ground on the shoulder of that highway because that uh that robot is moving in at the arm of the top is moving toward it what is on the ground where you want to know robot yeah that's pretty neat a lot of equipment essentially set up on the side of the road the death in the looks like a robot's got a tail here um and uh one would assume that these are articles and items that have been taken out either the trunk of the car or from inside the car yeah one would certainly assume that when you can use nothing untoward is what mark pottery ported nothing untoward okay you got that here's something untoward gay dolls band in the u s uh the first talking gay dolls in american history of just been banned in san francisco the group responsible g l m George little management is also squashed released at these dolls in the land of dallice et al boston and new york g l m claims gay dolls are offensive to the straight conservative business community when jdk products released their first two talking gay dolls elton and marshal they never dreamed that the business leaders in five major cities in the west will be so intolerant the gay lifestyle says frank makin spikas spokesman for jdk products this was a classic case of two gay men not being allowed to come out of the closet George little management organizer for most of the gift trade shows in america banned the dolls from being exhibited any of its shows this decision effectively denied the retail establishment for ever from ever seeing them might be in president of western exhibitors was jointly runs a San Francisco gift show with g l m claimed these dolls would offend too many people says makin these are funny dolls would say funny things with all the problems the gay communities having with its acceptance it's a shame that George little management is decided to contribute to that discrimination the dolls are hugely popular popular in europe and of sold over seventy five thousand pieces in less than three months they're even given away as prices on game shows but certain organizations in the USA seem determined to block their release in this country there's nothing worse than a guy than gay doll you know what i'm saying what does one look like as a matter of fact probably Carlos not our not you Carlos probably thinking Carlos that's then let's call him a great chuck okay uh i'm just chuck the ugly part with your just doing okay because your just hoping to try like make everybody else ugly than he is what column suckers we call him Carlos they're going to think that freaky Carlos is uh it's got them to do with the show and that would be the last thing we'd want in one of the same the last thing we want so the package the first package that they found in the two cars contained medical equipment they're not telling us exactly what kind of medical equipment what it was like some ringes or what is something we might be suspicious about you know what i'm saying they're not telling us that before we do anything else because i'm going to forget about it yesterday Bill Schneider on CNN had a pretty interesting piece when we were talking about the motivation for why gw seems to be so uh helpent uninvading a rack right now some people are asking is president bush's irac defensive being driven by the fall election and idea the vice president calls reprehensible the suggestion that i find uh reprehensible is a notion that somehow you know we saved this and now we're just bringing on them for political reasons but people in very high places are warning that a life in death policy like irac must not be a simple matcha of political convenience what's the political convenience strategist dick Morris spelled it out in a recent column polls show that only one issue works in bush's favor terrorism does Morris think the president is as they say wagging the dog to divert attention from other issues he doesn't need to wag the dog Morris writes he just needs to talk about wagging it to make the impact to keep control of congress even the White House has hinted at a political strategy as long ago as last January we could also go to the country on this issue because they trust the republican party to do a better job of protecting and strengthening America's military might and thereby protect and american why did the administration wait until september to make its case against the rack why does she from staff and you card told the New York Times from a marketing point of view you don't introduce new products in august in his speech to the United Nations president bush tried to shut down the political speculation this is a life and death matter the president insisted should eraca choir this is our material it would be able to build a nuclear weapon within a year to those who say we want more evidence that there's a real threat the administration says we can't wait for a smoking gun to turn up we don't want the smoking gun to be a mushroom cloud to those who smell politics the administration's answer is sure a crisis made benefit the president politically so what an issue of this magnitude should be the focus of a political campaign what's wrong with that what's wrong with that no is bill Schneider on CNN yesterday the political analyst of CNN meanwhile a lot of men were planning to attack my me today says they wouldn't host any other two words to use were his logic writing and then he went on to explain that he just had no idea for sure what that was and then the other items he said that they felt were books and laptop computers now I don't know that they've gone through those as part of the 25% that's been searched they've seen those you know the two of them he came in the two cars that they pulled over once again let's not worry for folks just joining us mark how no one should jump to the conclusion about these dogs of learning to these vehicles that means simply and we know that no explosive material has been found at this point that means simply it's half-way time that an accelerant knew I've been one of these sayhuckles it doesn't necessarily mean these seehuckles she said it again anyway then then a priest in jobie work in today's Washington post right observer say evidence for war lacking report against the raccolleve little that's new the white house document released yesterday is evidence that it's time to overthrow sada hussain as a concise summary of his regime's abuses of Iraqis and its past user possession of chemical and biological agents but it contains little new information and no bomb shells showing that hussain is producing new weapons of mass destruction or is joined with terrorist to threaten the u.s. or its interest to broad administration official seeking to persuade the public congress in foreign allies that it's time to go to war had indicated recently that their strongest case arrested on evidence of Iraq's weapons of mass destruction program and it's efforts to develop ballistic missiles to launch them beyond its borders but experts on Iraq's weapon we say that on this subject to report with fewer exceptions we cycles a mix of data in largely circumstantial evidence that who's saying may be hiding the ingredients for these weapons and is seeking to develop a nuclear capability and weaponized chemical and biological agents. The 20 page paper a decade of deception and defiance concludes Iraq harbors stock piles of chemical and biological weapons are created before the 1991 Persian Gulf War as well as a limited number of missiles and other systems for delivering them the stock pile includes highly lethal VX, a nerve agent so potent that a few drops on the skin can kill as well as anthracin other staples of germ warfare. The report concludes that Iraq retains the expertise in infrastructure to build new weapons and is seeking to acquire critical parts and supplies on Iraq's nuclear program and repeats a British think tank spending last week that Iraq could likely build a nuclear weapon within a few months but only if it manages the difficult feet of acquiring a enriched uranium from an outside source. The bulk of the reports assertions were attributed to reports by UN weapons inspectors who scoured Iraq for a lot of weapons programs from 1991 to 1998 although the inspector destroyed large amounts of weaponry and equipment they were unable to account for all the chemical and biological warheads and bombs are macadamined and making they disputed the rags claims that it destroyed the weapons died evidence. Other claims in the report were attributed to Iraqi defectors and a surveillance imagery that showed new construction in places where Iraq once manufactured weapons. Weapons experts who reviewed the document know that they have a few previously under-sposed details such as a new test platform repeatedly built for longer-range missiles but several expressed surprise at the lack of fresh revelations. Given the high priority for knowing what's going on in Iraq, I'm stunned by the lack of evidence or fresh intelligence to get a milhollum executive director of Iraq watch or Washington based non-profit institution that tracked developments in Iraq's weapons program, you'd expect that for the many billions were spending on intelligence they'd be able to make factual assertions that would not have to be footnoted to an open source. So in other words, not much. What we got is not much. And that's just like we got what we got this morning on this business on the alligator rally. Not much. They've detained the three men they're holding them. They found Islamic writing on papers inside. They found the uh, a briefcase with medical supplies or at least the backpack. And a bunch of other stuff. And they've got the bomb rub the bomb squad robot is out there diddled around and they've got all kinds of tents that up there. They've got a 20 miles stretch of alligator rally shut down. When it's out, shut it out. 956 at 5.60 WQM are pull 85.02. Do you think is the most dangerous person in the world today? Yes, or I'm a Farts got three aerial chirones has got six. Oh, the Pope has got seven. Osama Yamama Vinlawton 14, Saddam Hussein 21, and GW has got 34. You know, cast away seafood company really knows seafood. They pride themselves on serving you. The freshest seafood available fresh fish that's never for a frozen prepared the way you like it grilled black and or broiled. And George just had can't stop raving about her grid is column up at home and see if it's still that good. Better yet don't call him at home. Anyway, sing at your cast away dishes and clothes. Sesame seared tuna crack cock and unbelievable homemade chowders castaways also features grilled certified angus beef burgers filet mignon humongous gigantic juicy New York strip steaks castaways offers great TV lunch early bird specials every Wednesday night is karaoke night and ladies night with free drinks for the ladies. During the cast away tailgate party at the hog fish bar for weekend and Monday night football special while you watch your favorite games while you watch the Patriots kick some more ass. I mean the adults. The cast away seafood companies got full bar the open seven days week and they're located on the southwest corner of university drive and Griffin Road in Devi. If you're looking to cater your next home or office party castaways can do it too. Cast away seafood company seafood so fresh it'll bite your right on the push. Most fin for $5.50 Far steak you frère speed Garmin are you okay? Wow Ribag crown is lying in with Have a seat. Best seat, can you? You mean I'm being motorolero? No, and STD. You know, a sexually transmitted disease? I did, and you've got it so much food and food and food like we're selling out on the crew. Harvin, did you forget to wrap that record? But we only did it once. That's our exclusive stuff. Now we'll have to go to the doctor for some medicine. Wow. Looks like I learned a valuable lesson today. Hey, run, let's go. Come on, let's go. Come on, let's go. Ready to go, run, let's go. Tentalk at 5.60. WCM happy Friday too. Now let me ask you, you didn't give, uh, now who got the bills tickets? The bills often tickets to Joe get those and did you get them? Joey got them. I see. Now he didn't give them the fat boy, didn't he? No, I believe he gave them to somebody else. Oh, and that's even better. Oh, that's even better. He gave them away, but he gave them away to somebody else. Nice going, Joe. Always like them. Nicholas Christoff writes in the New York Times today, and I'm keeping my eye in. As a matter of fact, you better keep your eye on it too, okay? Okay. And feel free like to jump right in and rough me in mid-sintance. If you see something because it's hard to keep an eye, you know, one eye on the page and one eye off to the right of my little TV. You got it. You got it. See, there's another one of those comments. We understand where you're coming from. The guns is September right, Nicholas Christoff in New York Times today. President Boe and by the way speaking about, I'm working on Monday and so is the Humper. Yeah. We're both working on Monday. I'm actually put on a professional's Jun routine. There'll be no low, no guilty, no ADK. I'm sure, but some of us, I guess the fat holes you as we work on the dualities, including me in the Humper on Monday. I'll take the day for the both of you. Okay. Hey, let's now you getting paid today. What do you think? For this. President Boe, she asked today offered an eloquent forceful and overdue call for the Wendell Holdsatum who's saying accountable right Nicholas Christoff in the Times today. Just one problem. The reason that invading Iraq is any more urgent today than it wasn't say 2000 when Mr. Bush is a candidate, Huck been talked about, saw them, but never shared with voters any plans for an invasion. For months, there have been hint about intelligence that the administration supposedly is gathered about an imminent Iraqi threat and links to terrorism, so it was deflating the who again that Saddam is a monster whose regime tortures children in front of parents all through as it was a decade ago. Contrast, Mr. Bush's appearance with legendary moment at the United Nations. On our cover 25th, 1962 during the Cuban missile crisis, Ambassador Edla Stevenson, denounced the new Russian missile sites in Cuba. The Russians in Cuba enscuffed that it was all lie, so Stevenson brought in an easel and blown up photos of the Cuban sites. Where is the comparable evidence of urgency today? Is the Bush administration, it's the Bush administration, they're raised the parallel of the missile crisis, noting that candidate considered preemptive strikes fair enough, yet it's the differences that are the most telling. To begin with, candidate used the UN spotlight to offer specific improprietable evidence of an urgent new threat, and then he got the not for an invasion of Cuba, but for an internationally supported naval quarantine. He has Kennedy did consider a lot of alternatives, including military strikes, but called theater a sorens and a key aid to Kennedy during the crisis, but after considering the innocence of idiots who would be killed, considering the international law that would be broken, Kennedy rejected that possibility. President Kennedy was deeply conscious that wars can slip out a control, and during the crisis he read Barbara Tuckman Guns of August. Mr. Swanson recodes Kennedy telling AIDS that he didn't want future generations asking how the missile crisis had spiraled into war, and nobody having a good answer. In his speeches today, President Bush displayed Kennedy's toughness, resolve, and even eloquence, but he did not display the other qualities of statesmanship, humility about the risk of miscalculation, a passion to avoid war. Graham Allison, a professor at Harvard's Kennedy School of Government, is written a book about the missile crisis, noted that Kennedy had stipulated that the missiles absolutely had to be removed from Cuba. The Kennedy turned first into diplomacy in a blockade, he offered the Russians a graceful exit, and thus saved lives in a voted a dangerous spin into the unknown. Today, as well, Washington wore a last resort instead of the first tool that President Bush grabs off the shelf. The fundamental question is left unanswered. Why initiating war against Sodom is better than the next option, which is detouring and containing him, Professor Rallison said, you could agree that this is an evil guy he is evil, who defied you when resolutions he did, and still ask why he's not susceptible to the same treatment that was used against Stalin, who was also evil and dangerous and cheated. A succession of presidents chose to the Turin-Contain Stalin rather than vaid an occupy Russia, just as every president until now has chosen to deter and contain Sodom. Before launching a war, Mr. Bush needs to show two things. First, that the threat is so urgent that letting Iraq festifies even riskier than invading it, an occupying it for many years to come second that deterrence will no longer be successful in containing Sodom. How would JFK have handled Iraq? As a believer in the UN he would have done everything he could with US muscle to get UN inspectors and numerous disurrence and beliefs, such a Kennedy Esker approach built around robust international inspections backed by the threat of forces to last resort, but also reduced the political fall on a war as eventually erupted. Unfortunately, we still have not heard from Mr. Bush as a compelling case for the one course of fact in which he seems fixated in immediate war, for a clinical crystal often pays New York Times. How did that football player? High school prayer dies after game. Corpus Christi Texas, a high school football player, died after collapsing following a freshman game. Steven Pwente, a king high school, was shaking hands with opponents from Ray High School after the month of the night game when he fell to the ground and caught his. In white his county medical examiner was to connect the offsets autopsy later today. Several Ray football players of the 15 year old Pwente who played running back in line backer for New York Times, in the entire game seems short of breath in the second half. When I would tackle him, I could hear him breathing really hard and kind of funny. Ray player John Justice told the Christie caller times, I tackled him and then get up and he just be lying on the ground, he was like he was gasping for air and it seemed like something was really wrong from him. I guess it's a good thing they didn't finish the game. What? It seems like we got one every day. Hey, you're a little bit bigger part. 15 years old, you have to be playing so hard. There was no audio on the tape, so on the websites. It was kind of hard to tell. Maybe our Mark Potter knows more about that. It's second with Mark Marks and Files, because we're quite a bit this morning and he's checking in like that and give us the very latest Marker you there. Yeah, Leon, and I can answer your question about the very thing you're talking about, what they did with that package. And this information comes from Mike Oler who's with the Southwest Porter Regional Bomb Squad. It's an umbrella group that represents a number of different agencies. Mike said that they had a package in one of these cars that they were suspicious of. They took an x-ray device and looked at it and they couldn't quite know what they were saying. They had thought that a number of the devices were benign, but this one had some wires and they were worried about that. So they used a device that they described as a water cannon and used a technique that they called water stress to blow apart the package with water. They didn't fire into it. They didn't blow it up. And when they were done with the procedure, they came to learn that it was a medical equipment. It was not any sort of safety threat. It was not a bomb device. It was medical equipment. And the advantage of using this water system is that you only use water. You don't destroy the device to the degree that you would if you fired into it or blew it up. Okay, Mark, thank you so much. Nothing really knew. They're just a little bit of a picture of that one. The cars there on the alley and the bomb squad, robot, which is pretty neat to watch that little thing. You know, which you like to have one of those at home? Pretty cool. Sure. Don't forget in a few minutes, I'm going to read just a little bit from the introduction and forward to this book for Bidden Truth by John Charles Brissard and Guimdeskay. US Taliban Secret World diplomacy and a failed hunt for Bidden Lund. Just they always use this word chilling. Everything on the news. Oh, a chilling moment. This is pretty chilling. In fact, I want to tell all your children's about it. Marathon Mendoza, this is one of the best stories of the day. City plans protest with Potgivoway. All right, Santa Cruz, California. And we had the original story on this week or two ago about the fact that the federal government went in there. And with time where they've legalized medical marijuana and the federal government says, Oh, you can't do that. And they busted this joint and closed it down. And anyway, city leaders planted to a medical marijuana users at a Potgivoway at City Hall next week, hoping this end a message to federal authorities that in this town. Medical marijuana is welcome. Do we realize they're going to send me a message? That's right. You didn't use you got five or three? Of course. Oh, remember that? Do we realize they're going to send me a message? I'll send him a message. Anyway, the invitation comes a week after agent from the DEA arrested. The high profile owners of a Potgivoway and confiscated 130 plants had been grown to be used as medicine. It's just absolutely loads into me that federal money energy and staff have been used to harass people like this at Vice Mayor Emily Riley, who along with several city council colleagues plants to pass out medical marijuana to sick people from the garden like courtyard at City Hall this coming Tuesday. Though the council pastor, President D. Nouncing the raid, there was no official city sponsorship of the council members in medical marijuana advocates are simply acting on their own in a public space to the attorney John Veroson. The EA spokesman Richard Meyer was surprised at the plan. Are you serious? That's illegal. It's like they're floating federal law. He said, I'm shocked at City leaders who promote the use of marijuana that way. What is that saying to our youth? It's saying that you're a bunch of assholes of what they're saying. Okay. Dick. State law in California as well as the Alaska Colorado Hawaii main of Hanoi, Hanoi Washington, Los Marijuana to be grown distributed to people with a doctor's prescription. Federal law prohibits marijuana use under any circumstances. And of course, we know that we don't. The federal government doesn't have more fish to fry that at this particular time. Better things to be doing. In recent months, federal agents working with local support of investing, homeless workers. They're Attorney's Office, and she couldn't comment. California Medical Merijuana Growers and Distributors worked closely with local law enforcement and are quite open about their programs. In fact, the Farm Raided by DEA agents had been featured in National Media and the program has listed in the local telephone book. The courage of the Santa Cruz City Council and the growing anger and Congress are assigned to a genuine grassroots evading all across this country that will put an end to these attacks on the sick and vulnerable said Robert Campia Executive Director of the Washington DC Baseman or Wanda Policy Project. In 1992, 77% of Santa Cruz voters approved a measure ending the pro-Based Medical Merijuana. Four years later, state voters approved Proposition 215 allowing marijuana from medicinal purposes and in 2000 the city council approved ordinance allowing medical marijuana to be grown and used without a prescription. So there you go, the state, the local government, passing all kinds of resolutions over a well-mixed support from the public and the federal government of freaking DEA because they have to justify their continuing existence, they're going in there and bust in the pot farms and arresting people and then I even bothering the charge him, it's just you know, just something to do. Just putting on a good dog and pony show, looking how we're protecting the use of our country, right, then our driver from the national post, that's one of the best end things ever seen in my life. Of course, it makes a little bit too much sense. Don't confuse America's drug policy and the so-called war on drugs with common sense or with what really works. I'm of course, Bonnie, joining us now from our DC Bureau to tell us more about the FBI involvement and perhaps more information on the three suspects were in custody. Kelly, good morning. Good morning, Darren. Why don't we start with what we have at least confirmed for a variety of law enforcement sources. It starts off with the fact that we have confirmed that there was a conversation that was over her in a restaurant in Calhoun, Georgia by a patron who was there with her son. She called that information into the Georgia Bureau of Investigation, that is the state version of the FBI. There was a Bolo putout, which is a B on the lookout for these two vehicles. There was a very good description of the vehicles and licensed play tag that was given to law enforcement. After one of the cars we are told, confirmed by law enforcement, blew through a toll booth, a sheriff pulled over one of the vehicles. The other vehicle voluntarily pulled in behind that first vehicle, and the law enforcement officer began some questioning. There were three individuals who had been taken into custody. Are being questioned by members of the Joint Terrorism Task Force. As we all see, there are two vehicles also in custody. When, as we have heard more Potter report, the bomb squad dogs were brought, they did react to something in the vehicles. Now I am, I have been cautioned by the FBI that those dogs are primarily trained to react to black powder. Black powder can be found as Mark has also said in fireworks. It can be found in shells for hunting. So there could have been at some point. It's something as innocuous as a hunting rifle. In that vehicle, that the dogs did not die. It'll be printed on the dogs, too. The bomb squad is being very cautious. It has closed off part of that highway to ensure the safety of all involved civilians as well as law enforcement personnel. And that is going to take some time. I am told that this process that we are watching right now on the screen can take several hours. As for the men in custody, right now, what is trying to, what the investigators are trying to do is run, determine whether or not the identification that has been presented by the individuals is in fact real. That they are taking the names that they haven't least been presented so far and running them through a variety of intelligence systems to see if there has been any prior intelligence on any of these individuals. You have eight, you have the INF involved, you have customs involved, you have FBI involved. And of course, if they do strike a hit on any of these names, there may be an opportunity to involve and overseas agencies as well. But right now, they have no information that indicates that any of these individuals has any connection at all to any terrorist organization. Right now, it is an ongoing conversation interrogation. They are trying to find out what they can at this point. But I am told by a variety of sources that right now, they've come up empty so far in terms of having this name hit on any intelligence database that they have run those names through so far. So many of those are the real names. Okay, thank you so much. 1013 at 560 WQAM, the United States of West Booker, your official act in Zyre retail said it reminds you that every day of your life, all atkins brand products are 25% off. Let me say it again, every day. The last carries the complete line of act in Zyre products as well as over 500 delicious low carbon sugar free foods. As reported recently in New York Times on CNN, Newsweek, Date Line NBC, Time Magazine, CBS News, US News and World Report, the act in Zyre continues to be one of the most popular and successful diets. Low carb dieting is finally getting around getting the respected deserves and delights of West Booker has been the leader in low carb sugar free dieting field for years. Over 100,000 of their customers will testify. They're just saying no better store or no way. There's no competition and the lights will not be under so. And when you go away to the lights, you can sample everything in the store if you want before you are actually buying. Try it before you buy it. Your lights are friendly and unsurple staff will walk you to the store point in the right direction. Sure you are a pity-lany dropped a little souvenir on the floor and sure you want as the pounds can fly off. Don't forget, there's only one delights of West Booker. You're open every day of your life, seven days week, till 10 pm. And you'll find them on the Northeast corner of Blades Road in 441 in Voker called 1-877 low carb or check them out on that wicked web at lowcarb.com. You make the children win this mile. They like a cow who's spread their star's things. Thinksmenly bad, so we pull through. And you'll find them on the way to the store point in the store point in the store point where the Sun will pop up. Watch this clip you'll find at thatyouinheart that you find missur Each-35 she went to her store �erolle Hopp �onel, who sees her as a star, she runs to the top. Oh, it's a squeal fat lady, living with your number left being. Lover in the door to the tree between the feet, that's the thing you need. It's most recent to me. That's the number 21 that's more than a thing. 10, 20, and 5, 60, WQM happy Friday 2. 143 votes on our pool on the aradrangers.com. We asked today who do you think is the most dangerous person in the world today? Five votes for Yeser, I'm a fart, eight for every else you're wrong. 11 for the Pope, which I'm sure that Miguel is scratching his head, wondering, how can that be? I'm a little bit of a scratch in it. And you're head two, Osama 20, Santa Jose in 43, and George W. Bush 56 seems to be full of a way. Anyway, here's the introduction from Infectious Book. It's so important that there's two introductions. There's a forward, there's a prologue, and they're all worth the reading. You're right, I might have to read the whole book on here. You know, starting like on Monday, go for it. But then they won't go out there and buy it. And then always going to go, maybe 10 people out there would go out and buy it anyways. Called for Bidden Truth by John Charles Grissard and Guillame Deské. Introduction. The introduction is written by at least the first introduction. Written by Joseph Trento, author of the Secret History of the CIA, managing director of the National Security News Service. He says for Bidden Truth is the story of the greatest foreign policy blunder of the past 30 years. This important book tells him the aftermath, the blowback of the United States and Saudi Arabian policy of creating an aerobislamic force to bring down the Soviet Union by marrying it in a war in Afghanistan. For Bidden Truth is the story of how that forced her against its creators with effectiveness and vengeance. In the pages of forbidden truth are all the leftovers from this ill-conceived US policy, Saudi frontmen, the runes of BCCI, Saudi and Pakistani intelligence. They all came together to assist Osama bin Laden and retooling the Arab fighters of the Afghan war into an Islamic Frankenstein. All of this happening under the nose of a CIA unwilling to revisit and array of forces that once had been allies. On September 11, 2001 the World saw 3,000 lives destroyed, President George Bush reacted with confusion, anger and resulutness, and began to lead the country in a handful of allies into the war on terrorism. The US went into war mode as a result everything in government is deferred to the war, especially the truth. Young George Bush did not have the luxury of time to consider if the chickens from his father's foreign policy misadventures had come home to roost. Fortunately for all of us, others John Charles, Grisard and Geum Diskade did take the time. The result is the most important explanation of the secret history of how the US came to be attacked and who is responsible. The answer to the answers the authors uncovered will and should make you very angry. Many of the same men around young George Bush now played a major role in the original failed scheme. For Bidden Truth is the first comprehensive revelation of how the foreign policy of the President's father and the co-seal relationship with the Royal Family of Saudi Arabia exploded and created an extremist Islamic mercenary army that eventually turned on its creators. In the pages of forbidden truth of the awful details that a government understood that the Saudi government was financing bin lobs al-Qadda through Islamic charities years before the attacks. Like Shakespearean characters, the evil doers in young American prison had a dark thread connecting them, a common benefactor, the Saudi royal family. Their wealth had helped press god Bush and his son's Groverch in powerful over the years. It also had kept opposition to the royal family at bay at home for funding for decades the most extreme forms of Islam. Few of what imagine that these sophisticated partners, the Bush's and the royal family, would together create the conditions and opportunity for terrorism to grow in a worldwide network. As CIA directed the President's father George Herbert Walker Bush joined with the Saudi Prince to create a bank for covert operations to fight the Soviets through the Islamic Cosnac Aniston. The bank of commerce and credit international BCCI collapsed in scandal, but its personalities and pieces became the vessels and conduits of the terrorist network. These same personalities were George's partners in policy and in some cases private business. The then vice president George Herbert Walker Bush introduced the bin Laden family to William Casey to help the US win its proxy war in Afghanistan. When the Saudi sided with Kuwait and long-festuring dispute about stealing oil, President Bush turned Saddam Hussein from a friend to a foe. He put the full force of the US with his old friends. The United States fought a war to save two kingdoms. Our reward was that our soldiers in state department employees were not allowed to publicly worship in Saudi Arabia. The British lost the presidency, but the Saudis took care of his family when the sion who would be the next Bush in the White House need to help with the harkin energy. Old friends again came to the rescue. As Bill Clinton dealt with the indifference of the Saudis to their support for Islamist extremists, been Laden blew up our barracks at Kobar. The Saudis hinder our investigation into Nied the truth that bin Laden and his forces had begun to move against the royal family inside Saudi Arabia. Their motivation was money. Their methods came straight from organized crime, extortion. PAS protection or more threatening factors will come on the king's private facts line. Then worse, PAS attribute or the revolution will be at home not in Afghanistan or in Yemen. The euro princes in their hangers on made the decision to pay. Now nearly a year after the horrors of September 11th on the cons of the bombing of Afghanistan, would need to have been Laden or Mullah Omar captured with more more Saudi showing up in the terrorist ranks more bad news. Mr. Signals missed warnings. The FBI and CIA tried to blame each other. Today after the 9th of 11th tax vice president and Cheney called the Senate Majority Leader Tom Dashal tried to talk him out of any major probe into the intelligence failure. There could be no serious investigation because a serious investigation in the end would reveal that money and oil were more important than protecting Saudi Arabia or the United States. A serious investigation would reveal that bankers, politicians and family friends and business suits support Al Qaeda. A serious investigation would demonstrate that George Bush's father was the midwife to the birth of this monster. A serious investigation would demonstrate that Middle East oil money still helps support members of the Bush family. The real terror for George Bush will come on a reads for Biden truth. For Biden truth is the only serious investigation available us up to now only then will he finally connect the dots. Perhaps Alaska's father are coming for that long overdue talk. To be president you need to know how to handle the guilty knowledge that comes with power, sadly Bush has more than his fair share. That's the first introduction by Joseph Trento who's author of the Secret History of the CIA managing director of the national security news service. Did I miss anything here on CNN? No. Oh. Twenty miles of alligator rally still closed down terrorist threat. They're still checking out the two cars. They've got the three guys in custody. They don't want to say they're of Middle Eastern descent, but the fact is they found Islamic writing and maybe they were just trying to learn them. Islam. You think so Islamic writing? Just Arabic? Learn Islamic writing? They're Arabic. See I got sucked into that 5G and I'm all I say a lot of stuff. 26 after 10 at 560 WDQ. I'm used to comparing to being taken advantage of by real estate agents and brokers when you look in the set your home. If you are, check out SaveRealti.com. Here's how it works. You retain the right to set your home. You can also show and set your home to buyers who code you directly. And if you set your home this way, you pay only 1% in commission. And that's it. Realty.com cooperates with all MLS realtors. You can also show your home to realtors. If they set your home, you'll only have to pay the real to the commission. They traditionally charge for bringing you a buyer. The bottom line is you're going to save money. Can contact SaveRealti.com on the web at SaveRealti.com or call them directly at this number 9-5-4-788-2660. If you want to stop dealing with real estate agents and brokers when you're selling your home and save plenty of money at the same time, let's saveRealti.com show you how. Log on to SaveRealti.com today. See.com the best and easiest way to start your home here. That number again, call them at 9-5-4-788-2660. Live and local, we are sports witty of 5-60s you and UAM. Time to hear! Wush is the party by the f*** up! Wush is the party by f*** up! Wush is the party by f*** up! Wush is the party by f*** up! Jamie said right off the bed, I guess. He thought in best vacation to women. There were getting too close. Two that now are headed, fighting, out of Texas for a ball of fluid there. We're drawing, laughing. Push it, I saw anybody f*** up. Push it, I saw anybody f*** up. Push it, I saw anybody f*** up. Push it, I saw anybody f*** up. If they don't insist this for free, Todd. Three thousand miles will never be a bench. Push you brain wash, fucking. I saw God there, so bad. You'll put him back in open-slug, damn. Here, f***, push it, I saw anybody f*** up. Push it, I saw anybody f*** up. Push it, I saw anybody f*** up. Push it, I saw anybody f*** up. Push it, I saw anybody f*** up. Push it, I saw anybody f*** up. Push it, I saw anybody f*** up. Push it, I saw anybody f*** up. Push it, I saw anybody f*** up. Push it, I saw anybody f*** up. 10.32.5.60. Here's a fact, sir. This is one of our chronic regular facts. So, tell me what made me call me Nelson. How do you like that? Do you know what's that in the facts? Yeah, good. Unimpressed. It says you mentioned celebrity's diet. You may have to wait two weeks, but yesterday's singer Warren Zeevon of WeWall is if I don't know this. I'm on top of it, baby. Okay? No matter what name you call me, got to right here. Singer songwriter Warren Zeevon best known for quirky hits like WeWalls in London has the diagnosis with the not probable uncance-racic folks will say the yesterday. I'm on top of it, man. Schmendrick. I'm okay with the Zeevon. 557. The statement, but it'll be a drag if I don't make it till next day's Bob movie come up. Zeevon's more than three decades long career began with what a dead alive in 1969. His 1976 album Warren Zeevon produced by Jackson Brown on critical praise and his career sore with 1978's excitable boy featuring the single WeWalls of London which became his signature song. He ended up five year recording absence in 2000 with life of Kailia. And I guess he was pressured. Spokeswoman Diana Barren said Zeevon was told to the diagnosis by doctors last month. It's spending time with his grown children as well as writing and recording. He'll be in the recording studio next week. Lionel records released, released, genius the best of Warren Zeevon October 15th. His most recent album, my rides here released is your features contribution to my Irish poet Paul Moldoon, journalist, hot arrest Thompson, a hero columnist and author, Carl Heisen as well as a cameo from Talks Your Host David Letterman. How do you like that, huh? You like it? Interesting. So anyway, see there's going to be somebody diving for he does. Go to think. So what do you think? One time. Yeah, we'll have the third member of the track. Back to we had Kim Hunter and who else? Oh, and the Johnny and you. Excuse me, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm just not in football mode right now. You know, I mean, call me silly, but I'm just not in football mode today. I realize it's very uncuey and much, but tough crap out there. 183 votes on a pool. Who do you think is the most dangerous person in the world that we asked today? On your rages.com. George W. Boyz, he's I think got a pretty safe lead. 173. Saddam Hussein, 49. Osama, your mom in mid-Live in 2017. Of course, and Osama's case there should be an actor is because we don't know if he's dead or alive. So, people don't say. Uh, the Pope's 16 and I think also the same way to play there. Every else you're wrong, 13 and the answer I'm a forks in lines place with only five. Introduction. I did promise I'd read the introductions and the a purpose and the forward. And the fact of many books you read that have two introductions of purpose and a forward. But in this case, well worth it for bid and truth. This introduction written by Wayne Madden, Washington course, is a great opportunity for the world to be able to see the world. He says long before the world first heard of the FBI's Minneapolis Phoenix and Oklahoma City Memorand on what was no D. West law enforcement prior to 9.11. John Charles Bersard and Gaiom Daské presented the first French edition of forbidden truth. A unique insight into what the US and other governments knew and when they knew it concerning the future plans of Bin Laden's Al-Qaeda network. After three years of painstaking research, the office succeeded in connecting the dots and revealing the behind-the-scenes maneuvering preceding the December 11 terrorist attacks on New York City and Washington, DC. Especially gripping as the tale of John O'Neill, the former deputy director of the FBI's New York office, who spent years tracking Bin Laden as Confederates. As the chief counterterrorist major within the bureau, O'Neill focused on the al-Qaeda network following a series of terrorist attacks aimed at Americans, especially in Saudi Arabia and East Africa. In October 2000, al-Qaeda set off a bomb and midships the US as coal and aid in a harbor. O'Neill describes his frustrations in dealing with non-cooperative US ambassador to Yemen who were along with her CIA and State Department and interlocutors, or more interested in placating Saudi and American oil interest than bringing the al-Qaeda perpetrators to justice. It's not often that a book provides an unintentionalized testament, but in forbidden truth O'Neill provided the office with his virtual afterwards on the subject of his investigation of Bin Laden's network and his thoughts on coverups reaching high into the echelons of political power in Washington, Saudi Arabia and U.S. company headquarters in Texas. On 9-11, 2001 after an illustrious career with the FBI, O'Neill died while carrying out his new duties as director of security for the World Trade Center. Fortunately, Brassard and Deské have provided for the historical record, the words that O'Neill may have himself paned had he survived in the 9-11 attack. There's been a general tendency in the media in the Munga-Mercra's political and military leaders to begin the al-Qaeda and Taliban timeline on September 11. Brassard and Deské explode this myth by describing the close economic ties between the Bush and Clinton administration, U.S. big oil on the Taliban and the Saudi patrons. And connecting the dots between Taliban control that Afghanistan and the U.S. Resarthe and Deské reveal the main principles involved in negotiating a lucrative but controversial oil and gas pipeline deal with them mullas of Kandahar. The readers introduced to Laili Helms and Afghan-American with ties to the former Afghan-World House, the Mujahaddin, the Taliban, most interestingly, the CIA, huronkeled by marriages for more CIA director Richard Helms. In the weeks prior to 9-11 attack, Laili Helms was orchestrating high-level meetings between senior members of the Bush administration and emissaries of Mula-Moham and Omar, the main benefactor of Osama-Yumama bin Laden. Resarthe and Deské successfully connected dots to an even degree they explained the actual motivation behind the United States's six-plus two group, Pipeline politics, not the Bally-Hudayma bringing about a ceasefire between the Taliban and the Northern Lions rivals. The authors revealed that it was at a May 15, 2000 meeting in Berlin that a U.S. official ominously presented the following ultimatum to the Pakistani delegation who were the Taliban's interlocutors at the meeting. Either you accept or offer a carpet of gold or we bear or you under a carpet of bombs. It was a statement that would take on even greater meaning after the 9-11 event. When forbidden truth was first published in France in November 2001, skeptics inside an outside-de-West government scoffed at the office contention that French intelligence had warned the FBI about the terrorist connections and ongoing flight training in the US of Zachary Arais, Miss Sally, the so-called 20th hijacker was arrested on a visa violation in the Soda August 17, 2001. These skeptics were later confronted with incontradable validation of this information when FBI Minneapolis chief division council Colleen Raleigh, a 21-year veteran agent wrote in a blistering letter to the FBI director Robert Mueller, a French intelligence service confirmed most of his affiliations with radical Islamic fundamentalist groups and activities connected to Osama bin Laden. She was the whistleblower. Raleigh's concerns along with Oswald on an age of lie 10, 2000 one morning from the Phoenix FBI agent Kenneth Williams concerning the activities of air flight students and a May 998 report from the Oklahoma City FBI concerning similar flight training by Middle Eastern men and at city fell into the lapse of what Raleigh described as flip an FBI bureaucrats in Washington. The FBI headquarters including two special units, tasked to investigate religious extremists in bin Laden, the radical fundamentalist unit and the UBI. Re-specifically they refused to authorize a full investigation including critical electronic surveillance of these suspected terrorists. The world of intelligence in which the truth is not always the truth and lies are not always lies as then characterized by some observers as a hall of mirrors. But the fader to connect the dots and fuse and analyze critical intelligence before 911 cannot merely be blamed on the staggering nature of analyzing disparate pieces of information from a multitude of oftentimes questionable sources. In addition to the French intelligence that came to senior U.S. law enforcement and intelligence officials, we now know that similar heart intelligence came from the intelligence and police agencies of Egypt, Morocco, Jordan, India, Israel, Russia, Germany, Kazakhstan, Canada, the Cayman Islands and Italy. The Italian counterterrorism police had recorded a conversation in the summer of 2000 in which a Yemeni sheet described what sounded like the plans for 911 saying that a attack was planned that would be one of those strikes you'd never forget. A terrifying thing it'll move from South to North from east to west, he who made this plan as a madman but a genius it will turn you to ice. Skeptics continued to derive any notion that the Bush administration had advanced warning of 911, but resared and disgainly out one of the most important clues in tracking any criminal enterprise, the money trail. It's a trail that connects Osala bin Laden to other members of his family involved with construction and financial projects throughout the world, the so-called Good Bin Laden. Yet the links don't merely end with the greater bin Laden family, the involved in the house of Saad, the Pakistani Interservice Intelligence Agency, and other wealthy Saudi bankers and merchants, Islamic churches and madrasses, US oil tycoons, the US defense contractors like the Carlisle Group. The links even extended the very heart of the administration include President George W. A prior recipient of bin Laden family investment money, his father and advisor to Carlisle and its major client to bin Laden Group, and vice president Dick Cheney, a beneficiary of Saudi money-largest as the head of the oil services company, Haliburton. While President Bush portrays himself as a leader with my amic, my ethic world view, from referring to Pakistani President Provezmo Sharper in the 2000 camp, a presidential campaign as general general, and believing he was elected to being under the impression that the Taliban was a very engrossed band, his code of re-eference and business partners certainly see the Indian South Asia with perfect 2020 vision. And it's this view that should have all alerted them to the dangers of advancing with the likes of the Taliban, corrupt Pakistani generals, and Saudi sheaks. While brave and self-less FBI agents like John O'Neal saw the dangers posed by Al-Qaeda and their Saudi and Pakistani friends, the US oil intelligence complex was contented with treating with the enemy. For vittent truth answers a number of questions concerning the failure by the world's older remaining super-powered prevent one of the most tragic days in American history. During the Cold War when my colleagues and I stood watch in Navy facilities, not hearing the movements of Soviet submarines, such lapses and vigilance would have had dire consequences and we knew it. In those days there would no tolerance for such mistakes. This tenant has been largely lost on today's bloated intelligence and law enforcement infrastructure which has more money and resources available to it now than at any time in our nation's history. We're starting to escalate the groundwork for future investigations and terror assaults that shook the world. As the history books are written about 9-11 as reports of government committees and possible commissions are issued for vittent truth will remain in a seminal reference point for all those who are compelled to look beyond the veil of secrecy thrown around the events leading up to America's worst and most costly terrorist attack. 10-41-560-2AM. My life and love all this is for 25-60. You will be in vain. Belp. This fall on television changes forever is tele-like it is dialed as already impacted millions of Americans. His appearances on Oprah have propelled him into the national line light Get ready for a doctor fill. Well, still, please am I 20? No, cry. I'm not crying. Look at me when you talk. I'm looking right at you. You're a little bit too much. You're a little bit too much. You're a little bit too much. Why crying? You say I don't have any sympathy for you. Are you here in the 80s? We haven't had sex in like 10 minutes. Exactly the way they're looking to cannon. Doctor Phil. You know, the problem seems to be I come home. I want to watch TV. Why don't you tell me about her? Well, I'm not trying to tell you. You're not trying to tell me what she does. Tell me what you do. I said this chair and I have the TV on her. You can do busy watching TV is your meal. That's what men want to do. We just want to watch TV. You can't do it. Why want to do it. And we can't do it. See your problem is your dumb. You're a dumb watching TV. It is. Usually I say you're a dumb. No, I ball me like that. I'm trying to help you. You're on my show. You don't have your own show. Do you? You don't need some of this. Oh, I'm not back. Go get it. Oh. Oh. Dr Phil. He's Dr Phil. He just says. Now why are you talking so quiet? You see already I can tell that you're a push-over. But he just doesn't. Don't tell me what he does. I just don't understand. I watch some of this for you too. Some of this. Dr Phil. This is for. He go Mr. Nonsense. Boy, some love for you too. 1047 at 560 WCM. You remember you were asking me whether it's the East Thunder, the West Bomb Lanes, etc. Right. Didn't really make any difference. It was the East Bomb Lanes. But nevertheless, they've got both East and West Bomb Lanes. Shut down and alligator rally. Just mentioned that for anybody who's planning to trip to Naples. Maybe to go see the Beesleys this weekend. Anybody who wants to negotiate the sale of the Beesleys properties, etc. So what? Chaining enters hospital for checkup. And we know about that. Vice President Dick Cheney has got a history of heart trouble. Enter the hospital this morning for what AIDS described as a periodic and routine heart checkup. Well, that's the good news is I guess he's out of hiding now. Right? How you could find them? Well, no, not necessarily. He's in some hospital somewhere. The routine does it say which I know it doesn't say which hospital. The routine exam include EKG to measure his heart rhythm and a scan of the pacemaker plus, and planted in Cheney's chest last year, which monitors any regular heartbeat. Ah, he's just fine. How you doing Dick? Oh, we're fine. That's what we thought. Close shave for a special Ops forces in Afghanistan. U.S. Special Operations forces in Afghanistan in order to shave and wear regular uniforms to look more like U.S. soldiers, rather than locals according to an official at U.S. Special Operations Command in Tampa. The order to shave facial hair and re-adapt uniform and grooming standards came after a special Ops commander, General Major General Jeff Lambert, so numerous photographs of troops operating on the ground in Afghanistan with full beard and partial uniforms officials said. Lambert, a career special operations soldier based at Fort Pragnorth, Carolina, conferred by the joint commander on the ground at Afghanistan with 10 in General Dan McNeill and seen your special operations forces leadership officials said. And it really between the two commanders when left because maybe the special Ops forces would return to the standard uniforms and a shave and haircut and a part of the season of period three. Anything that we're going on on the alley? That's right. Which car? The very first one, which would have been a light color. Most people are calling it a Nissan maximum, which it isn't. The car we have is not a Nissan but the tag does match and the vehicle's description is a light colored fort or an end. So as the cars as we, I don't know if you can see our air right now but as the cars that are parked on the side of the highway, the car in front. Right. The car in front was the first vehicle that we pulled over. After we pulled that vehicle over, another vehicle pulled over with it. So we ended up having two vehicles. At that point our backup units responded and we know. We know. We know. Get back to us when you know something new. Anyway, two of these three stories you just faxed me already. Have it. The third one I did not have. Let's see. The first. And by the way, I'll get back to the book. The preface and the prologue and the forward. I mean, it's all more threed. Even Miguel finds it fascinating. Not. What does that mean? What does that mean? What does that mean? Little nervous land. It was completely fascinating. I thought it was. And like I said, the preface to the American edition. I'm going to read it. When I get around to it. Got a lot of stuff today. Lots of stuff. Thoughts were keeping our IP on the LAC. What's going on with that? A latest terrorist plot to do something in Miami. They're not cooperating apparently. As if we don't have enough problems already. And again, I don't know if you are able to see our air. But on the left side of our screen, we have a map showing that as far as working for the story begin in Calth and Georgia in North. Yeah, we know that. They're not cooperating based on what were you get then? As said on the screen, sources said that they are not cooperating. Now, didn't that FDLE got at the head on earlier? Then he said that they were cooperating kind of sort of somewhat. That's what he said. And now they're not cooperating. Well, it's time to like, you know, get the gloves off. Time to start beating the snout out of him and like, you know, hang them up by their toes. Excellent. Illinois priest collected child porn, a former Roman Catholic priest played a guilty yesterday to position of three computer disks and hundreds of pages of images showing naked boys engaged in sex act and fatal massacistic activity. Vincent McCaffrey 50 resigned from the priesthood in 1992. He later worked at home furnishing store, managed a service based in sold insurance. Authority said some of the pornography which include images of boys as young as six. Being beaten, found and gagged and locked in cages were found in other McCaffrey's mattress. Assisted U.S. attorney Marcus T. Funk. That's with an N. Marcus T. Funk told U.S. District Judge John Derr that McCaffrey had molested someone while it was a priest. But Derr caught him off and kept the hearing focused on the child pornography charges. Don't bother with that. Okay. Don't confuse with the facts. Information concerning the capric one is a priest's under court seal, but much of it could come after him ascensing hearing schedule begin December 9. The capric could be sent to as much as 20 years in federal prison and find a half million dollars if the judge agreed with federal prosecutors on all the points they send me to former priest crimes unusually serious. Images of boys as young as six being beaten, bound and gagged and locked in cages. High-score on pops. Clement Priest arrested for rape of child. This is in Pumath Mass of Tushas. Police arrested a Roman Catholic priest of this homiest day in charge of him with raping and abusing a child. I'm sure property in the town of Rochester. It's not Rochester, New York. It's Rochester, Mass. Out Rochester, Minnesota. It's Rochester, Mass. We're trying to be heard of. Reverend John Lyon 73 pleaded innocent to five counts of rape and abuse of a child during his reign in where I'm district court. He had been placed on administrative leave in May after the Boston Arts Dice. He's learned of the allegation. Lyon's is accused of committing the abuse between 1987 and 1989 and the property of St. Rose of Lima. He had her Lyma Lima. He had been sued by two former author boys at a Boston Church who claimed they were abused by him in the late 1970s and early 1980s. He took Ophi for people in the area. He has today's and of course the state of the department of public safety news conference in a few minutes. Now what are they going to give to us? I mean they'll kill some time for CNN. What's the Georgia Department of Public Safety going to tell us? Since these guys were already well on the road, they run a Hershey Highway coming down I 75 from Calhoun County from Mauricio again. What was the restaurant? Shoney. A Shoney is big boy. And you told me before the show asked you if you're reading the Chinese news said, they had a wild experience. A wild and personal experience. But they sure do have that good strawberry pie. See, I say that, but I don't know that because I haven't eaten in a big boy in about 100 years. There's a Lyon's brother's big boy, which is very big in Detroit and Shoney's. Don't we have a Shoney's right out there on D.B. Road Extension? Is that still there? Somewhere on there. Yeah, right by 595. There's these Shoney's. Shown off. I think I have time to do the preface here. Well, like I said, preface to the American edition. The book again for Bitten Truth. It's a paper back here. I don't have to spend it on the arm of the divide. It's on nation books by Jean Charles Bersard and Guillom Deaths K. And my friends are very good. So I'm just pronouncing their names. Tough crap. Preface to the American edition. It is May 2002 when Osama Bin Laden and his Luke Tenons are as well known as Bill Gates and his software. The irony of Intimacy. I remember walking in London. Most of it about a year ago in the company of a banker, a specialist in fund management. Services were greatly appreciated by his wealthy clientele from the Furgen Gulf. On that day, we were having our fourth interview. I think by this time we had reached an understanding. And we were no longer just discussing the secrets and sins of a Middle East and business man. As we stole towards Jean's park, he told me about the everyday life of his parents. Somewhere in the village, we're looking at the Mediterranean to the north of Beirut. Voice recently and was great animation he complained about his father's inability to convert normally with his daughter and English schoolgirl who was a passionate militant and environmentalist group. Further on in Paul Mall, after having walked past the walls that chubbed the legendary Travera's club, which he sometimes frequented, the place in London where mercenary aristocrats and adventurers diplomats can be found. Suddenly he began to speak in harsh tones occasionally turning around. He began to recount family stories of how the financing of Islamic terrorism had succeeded. We talked about the accounting operations of accredited establishment in the United Arab Emirates and is trips to Islamabad in particular to the bank used by Pakistanis Secret Service to support the Taliban and Al Qaeda. As always, it was the concert of a Saudi religious chief allied with one of the 4,000 princes who make up the world family and whose right hand man had organized a financial circuit from Dubai to the British Virgin Islands for the prophet of Osama bin Laden. Officially bin Laden was then an ordinary terrorist. I'll be one who would blow up two US embassies and attack the US as cool, sought naturally by the FBI, but in whom most diplomats began the frontiers of the West were not interested. The multiple oil contracts with Saudi Arabia then necessitated a certain understanding of these specificities of the religious dictatorship operated by King Fad and Prince Abdullah, clearly wanted to not crush such an invaluable ally in the name of Seizing Abandit. Therefore at that time these enterprises were mentioned only Sotovoche, very quietly, even by the two peaceful pedestrians walking under the London drizzle, especially under the London drizzle. The city is home to dozens of fortunes built around the Orwells of the Gulf. I think we'd better do the break and I'll come back and finish this, you know what I'm saying? Because time is of the essence, baby, and God only knows what heavy duty craft may be coming under there. My, and low, this is 4, 25, 50, you and two, and yeah. Why the, you, where, spurs? I'm not a fool, saying the mother fuck up. I'm not a fool, saying the mother fuck up. I'm not a fool, saying the mother fuck up. I'm not a fool, saying the mother fuck up. I racked to grab me little country, no life. Just get rid of that. You're in drinking, Javi, and blow up the whole goddamn place. mmm Okay so they're saying that one of the cars one of these two cars on the L.A. is traced back to a family to an address in Hannover Park, a suburb of Chicago and that they're just a bunch, you know, they're talking to neighbors and they're just a bunch of like ordinary people, kind of like Mohamed Adton, all of those guys, which we all remember very well. It is, again this is Hannover Park Illinois is quite a way outside Chicago to the north and west. It is a suburb, it is set very quiet suburb in community. All right so if we're going to let you go and find more information, we've just passed the top of the hour and I can have a lot of new viewers joining us. No we don't. Let me just read the background again on the story case anybody's rolling out of the sack right now or it isn't aware what's been going on all morning. Alligator Alley remains closed right now as I speak after police detain treatment into cars because of a possible terrorist threat. FOM sniffing dogs alerted authorities to material in both vehicles but no explosives or immediately found E.J. Pickleau the F.D. L.E. said, authorities blasted up a lot of peer to be a backpack taking from one of the cars and a robot was being used to search vehicles. FOM's squad technicians in protective blast suits also removed a suitcase in plastic bags from one car and searched the interior and the trunk. We're taking it very seriously into a can eliminate the possibility of a threat or verify that there was a legitimate threat. Pickleau said, the men in the vehicles had nothing arrested but were being detained. He also said, all three were US citizens would not identify them any further although there was this lawman who was Arabic handwriting found on papers inside one of the cars. Florida police said they tracked on the cars after one of the Miranda told Plaza John Wagnerdy of the Florida Highway Patrol said the men were uncooperative when they were stopped and refused to allow a search so the authorities brought in the bomb sniffing dogs. The cars both in Illinois license plates remain on in the state 75 about 50 yards apart. The F.H.P. shut down the 20 miles stretch after one of clock this morning when the vehicles were stopped and like I said, the Alley in both directions is closed right now. The Georgia Bureau of Investigation Edition advisory for two cars yesterday after woman at a show in his restaurant in Calhoun, Georgia in the northwestern part of that state. Thulp police over her three men are at least in the sense discussing terrorist plans one's denied. CBS radio news reporter Michael Hibbin said the woman apparently reported the men were bragging that they were going to inflict damage in South Florida and reportedly said they would let Americans mark the September 11th anniversary in the next week on Friday the 13th. The Highway Patrol said the road was blocked off from the Toulbooth east of Naples to state road 29. Every take state road 29? Got that an ove. That's a shortcut. That's the kipple of it and it's like a barren man you go through there about 400 miles an hour. It's an old two lane highway. If you're like going over the west coast, you know if you're going to go over to Tampa to burn steak house to pay respect to the late burn Lancer. Perfect going over to St. Pete to hang out with some of those old people on the shuffleboard courts. Sounds good. What is it? I said that sounds fun. Oh it's great. Those are the grandparents that the people live in the surf side. I'll tell you about your sure facts and me just a pile of stuff here man. I'll pile. First of all, let's make a move through. Huh? Is a pile of some make a move through. Wow. Look at this. This thing goes on and on by Alicia Solomon. Oh, oh, oh, oh, more than the Jewish stuff. Don't be saying Jewish stuff on a Jew holiday is okay, Mom. Now, did I interrupt what did I do? Did I interrupt my reading? I think I did. Oh, here's the Georgia guys. The robot that has been provided by Metro Day. Now these aren't the Georgia guys. This is back on the alley. Anyway, now where how was I? See, this is bed interrupting your reading in the middle of an important article. Get a mark to spot. Here it is. This is from the preface. The name of the book is for bitten truth by John Charles, resarming you on desk. Okay. The international best seller banned by the bin Laden family. The of purpose, which they wrote goes on the safe in 1998, the professional newsletter in Toljans online had published several investigations of these charitable associations and companies with Saudi Pakistani and United Arab Emirates origins, which without giving them too much away, without giving too much away finance del Qaeda. Each time our source is trembled. Some bag dust to promise them we would no longer cover the subject, but 9-11 changed everything. Osama Vid Laden and his lieutenant became public figures. Their story was shown 100 of television programs and gradually the reasons behind the emergency their movement and its expansion over the course of the past 10 years became fundamental questions for our understanding. After asking how was it possible, everyone in everybody wanted to know why was it possible. The book for bitten truth seeks to bring together the first brief responses. Published for the first time in France November 14, 2001, it brought together the three years of investigations as a whole political channels, financial networks, oil stakes and secret diplomatic deals slowly created room for the maneuver for this group of non-stablish terrorists of the holy war when their crude ideologies swearing as much by the Quran as by the Kalashnikov. After the attacks we tried to publish it as quickly as possible because at the moment when the military operations were getting underway in Afghanistan, it seemed important precisely not to focus on Afghanistan. It was more a matter of looking closer to home. We wanted to start to decipher this badly controlled nexus without which Osama bin Laden is companions with a rain just distant armed cranks praying in the desert. We wanted to dissect this entanglement of negligence and political interests and calculations from the parquet floors of the foreign office in London to the marble floors of the Texas World Companies in Houston and to the fitted carpets of fiduciary companies in Geneva. In fact, appendix seven of this book originally commissioned by the French Intelligence Services was the basis of a French parliamentary report that resulted in the closing of several so-called Islamic charities. The report was handed over to George Bush by Jacques-Sharek during his first visit to the US in the wake of 911. But at no time did we imagine the consequences of the revelations contained in these pages. Once worse we never once wanted this book to become party to the investigations that were going on right under our eyes. That would have been a waste of time and effort but it's content over took us. We had taken stock of it in December 2001 when several days before Christmas, a committee of special inquiry of the security council of the UN moved to hear us. It's mission to reconstruct a money trail thanks to which Ben Laden has been able to pursue his activities, the hearing took place in Paris in a quiet annex at UNESCO headquarters. It focused exclusively on the financial networks and parallel diplomacy that had followed the Taliban and Osama Ben Laden to gain an aura of power. What transpired was two hours of tight technical discussion in the presence of eight diplomats who had recently discovered the extent of these collusions and who did not hide their embarrassment before the seriousness of the charges level of Saudi Arabia. From India to the US this panel of investigators represented the gamut of leading nations, all of which at one time had gone greedily fishing, opting to preserve their relationship with the monarchs of the Gulf or their pipeline projects in central Asia over the fight against terrorism. But henceforth they forced themselves to examine it sometimes to the point of fear. As the book has been covered by the foreign press reactions of a different sort of racist, aggressive one sometimes in the form of insults. French bankers American oil companies in Persian veiled businessmen, like huriously ensconced and financial paradise is in Europe or the antilles, didn't take well to such a spilling of the beans. These were the main whose fortunes derived from family secrets and maybe a few words exchanged on the term I could private airports. One of them and not the least, yes, I'm Ben Laden, brother of Osama. A Swiss citizen of just one year, ahead of an hour of our arrests of offshore companies, stepped up litigation using all the possibilities afforded under Swiss freedom or press laws to stop the books publication on the ground that he disapproved of our general approach. The court that pronounced the act of censorship didn't seem to have taken into account the text context. This is proof that not all truths should be spoken, especially in the land of secret banking, Switzerland. Nevertheless, despite the unexpected support of the Swiss justice system, yes, Long been Laden did not escape an investigation. A money laundering watchdog at the French finance ministry spotted suspicious transfers being made through one of his accounts. An action was quickly brought in March 2002 by magistrate Renault van Rombike, a specialist in financial cases, and which we were asked to appear as witnesses in our capacity as authors of this book. Swiss police carried out searches across the country on March 27, probing the money laundering allegations. The operation involved searches at the headquarters of nine companies and forearms in Geneva, Buren, Zug and Zurich, a week later been Laden's villain, Canon, the South of France was also searched at Van Rombike's request. Beyond these developments we felt that after 911 with investigations like this one, there were others, something was transformed, perceptions perhaps a sense of urgency, a general impression that from now on world affairs were more interest. After finally terrorizing us, the terrorist of some of their visual and swars societies, with the endless debates and exchanges provoked by this book, it seems to us that a new was then for long term as essential. People no longer joke about the power struggles and heavy rivalries that plague our planet. Everyone must be mindful of the consequences of a hatred left to rot on the other side of the world just because there was no immediate interest to keep a rich country there. However, over there in that other world where the unthinkable emerged were educated and fanatic on young boys became capable of flying planes in large buildings, in that part of the world what is changed, nothing or very little. Certainly there's a plethora of military options under way to destroy the terrorist camps, certainly the content of Taliban regime has been disintegrated, having benefited from far too long for the benevolence of some western quarters in the generosity of oil companies. Evidently even in the middle of Afghan mountains, the private of powerful political and financial connections, there are one time allies now rectifying their mistakes, the masters of the country became once again masters of their goats. With a spectacle of the follow-up Taliban and the barbarity final trapped al-Qaeda Legion of Afghanistan, a conviction ceases us. We witnessed the rightful vengeance inflicted on this rattle and still not quite. How does one erase that vision almost bralec of the head of the Taliban, Mullah Omar, saving himself that is running away from a city on a simple moped in a country that had been for several weeks under the control of western allies. The executors of low deeds have been routed but their paymasters remain unpunished. Who are they? Islamic bankers located in the United Arab Emirates, those chief clerics installed as the ruling spiritual powers in Saudi Arabia, who is intrigued we describe. Several Saudi princes close to the world palace who has hidden alliances we devolved. Those in charge in Pakistan, eager to promote a strong, soon-ear regime on the other side of the border in particular. The ball truth ugly but undeniable is that Arabic peninsula that is home to the main supply of oil reserves consumed by the industrialized nations is the power west in the hands of dictators of the sands whose pension for nepotism and gearing talk was a guarantee to us 50 years of reliable and easily corruptible middlemen who are able to fill their coffers on our fuel purchases and their arms acquisitions. In the region these amirism kings that keep their people in a permanent status submission fear have always held up the current to legitimize their position and have always been prepared to compromise with the most radical clerics to ensure that no one dislodges from their palaces. Here they are now acting shocked and surprised to learn that one of the their faithful shoulder is one of these moolas of some of inlamas behind the new world disorder that so vexes their which are western partners. It's the measure of the secret of relationships the influence of religious extremists in those countries on which the health of our trade rest it's our willful blindness before those servants who's very arcaism the basis is long it's the inconsistency of them financing the radical aims throughout the world through foundations even by the petro dollars we throw at them these are the realities that explain and death the growing power of Osama bin Laden at the same time they bring delight the responsibility of what you for mystically we call our country parallel diplomacy as if the convince ourselves that mystede that the mystede that in this is early incorporates remain parallel to our concerns that one should not be confused with the other here in lies are mystic 237 votes on our poll today what do you who do you think is the most dangerous person in the world today yes your amorphart told you god nine he's small potatoes Ariel sarone's got 14 the Pope Scott 23 Osama yamama 34 dead a were live sottom Hussein 67 in George W. he's got 90 he'd be having 90 it's a 12 minutes after 11 at five 60 qi and we got anything new under done a missing it was like a press conference yes a press conference what i would like to the the message that i would like to relay this morning is that the system that we have in place and what we've been relaying to our public in Georgia to be alert and be aware and report that's worth i had to do that is the jodie guy can't look like a jodie guy to me you got a sports hate on being erupting the spot man we got to move ahead very soon is going to come in there and be right around ahead VIP sportsbook dot com should time for me to two because we've been telling you about them for long time VIP sportsbook is the only sportsbook to be endorsed by all the industry watch our groups in 1996 because senior times news recently says you can look but you won't find a better overall sportsbook then VIP sportsbook dot com maybe you're looking for more than just a world class book that offers you 24 hour VIP service in safety of a leader how about these things how about the highest parlay odds anywhere up to 2001 minimum of that's the only five bucks and free withdraws 24 hours a day and a 15% cash bonus added your first deposit how about all these things so i can never find that all of these screen like i said and this isn't some jungle book located like in the hinterlands of alligator rally this is duck space VIP sportsbook dot com where you're treated with class and your money is always extremely safe sign up online and also get a 15% cash bonus with your account or column tool free at 866 VIP bets vett s it's easy to get you so start it just log on to VIP sportsbook dot com and don't forget when you do sign up online you get that 15% cash bonus vowenard VIP sportsbook dot com ponje brains out VIP sportsbook dot com VIP local these five 60 the rest of your you you you're a yes i am who come back to the mohawadabadashol where we're juxtapolo zainim but good clean family fun you know that pipe smoke and jizz goes with things rapes funny is that funny planes crashing into buildings is funny too huh what what what since when is gang rape funny especially when it's me get my debug ramped what a jacket hey about them hurry k momen on a doco tap there for when i talk this is important they don't know comedy i'll show them comedy today i brought my collection of lumbar abniates o lumbar abniya moron they even named the restaurant after lumbar uh yeah cluelish muck look at back that at later right now it's time for our transcendent mid show snack brings the morning mayo his food ah here they are my favorite place to die psychosobocca dig in a very buddy yeah what is it shrimp looks like a donut thoughts of the vain dumbbells from plant parent hood in the hood but it's good try it with the cocktail sauce hey hey beast we'll play that all as couple wrecking as a little at this fair for you to help the code down the collect the heck maybe i've really dig that all as cool for sea i'm with it i'm hip i'm a hip step kid the beast comes only north of the school here got some more sense and hit it when you're pellet this thanks mo all right well we got the meat had metal coming up at one followed by that fat jewel right after the quay and the spick what's that it's a play the play it's a right for your ass well the other way 11 nineteen at five sixty w qm so they said that the uh i don't know whether that way i guess must have been in chonies because we don't know where these people were hanging out these three but they were watching on tv and chonies on Wednesday some of the ceremonies mark in the anniversary of 9-11 and they were laughing how do you like that what do you think we do to people who are laughing while watching the subber 9-11 ceremony exactly i wanted to stop you just ask me about the Chelsea Clinton pictures in a row of state i don't know look at that editors at time mourners people magazine found themselves in controversy as did after the weekly published a photograph showing former first daughter Chelsea Clinton and a parent aroused state Clinton has shown erect as she is embraced by her companion Ian Claus at last week's u.s. open tennis tournament her face showing bedroom pleasures she shown erect to she have a penis that's what i'm thinking man i that's incredible you know wait a minute take there's that uh burning somewhere near what these rail cars uh fire at b a s f chemical painted people were texting still report off or their their wears and again this is a at a b a s f plant in Brian mound Texas and we'll keep our eyes and he was so feeling that's okay thank you so much uh see so that's how that fire and everything i started a little bit nervous you know i'm saying not that we're on edge or anything like that but we are under orange alert you do remember that anyway again back to this it says publishing the provocative photograph of the media shark Clinton is the latest attempt by new people editor Martha Nelson to heat up the magazine the snap is featured near the front of the book and he's September 23rd issue is on page 24 by the bank case you want to know but the controversial shot of Clinton told mixed reviews even from within the magazine i work here i found it in very poor taste of people's effort told the drug report from New York why don't we just run a photograph of his hands down her pants oh get an eighty a share at least probably sell at least on her copies i don't work edit you'd go out and get it i will to see a Chelsea Clinton with somebody is oh god oh man editor is defended at noting Clinton's display was in a public setting footnote in a rapper to pump up traffic of the new stand else editor Nelson also runs an aggressive stock or rocky photograph of pot pop star Justin tinkerbell who's captured a close up through bushes leaving his Los Angeles home with an actress whoo heavy doony man i'm gonna go right out and grab that not men not cooperating with officials okay it's gonna take hours and they're still walking around there in the alley they got a bunch of stuff over the side in the grass they're smoking a little grass they got the cars they got it all blocked off both lanes so if you're going to like the naples forget about it as far as the alleys concern it's an April happen aren't you going to the naples to pick up your uh that's right you don't have a check i mean you're like we got a new deal now because we have and how come i can't talk about that other stuff don't mention you know i'm talking about how can we can't discuss that because i gave my word but i can't discuss that i guess until Monday and then Monday it'll be real exciting news that's something free folks to look forward to in the galshire to want to say nothing because otherwise the force in the wild would dream this weekend 254 faith worse than death 254 votes on a poll who do you think is the most dangerous person in the world today George W. Bush 96 sottom Hussein 72 oh sama yamama bin Laden 36 he got more if we knew he was alive i'm sure uh the pope 26 and he probably get more two if we were sure he was alive every else you're on 15 and the answer air frat is been holding up the rear all day long he's only got yeah and he liked qm so much that he just can't leave didn't you say he's going to school or something that's what he said yeah he just can't leave and i want to leave he loves that show so much he loves it here's the prologue in this book i'll eventually everyone got a few more pages then it gets to the start of the book and i'm sure it's like i'm not going to go reading a book on here am i you never know for bitton truth u.s. taliban secret world diplomacy in the failed hunt for or sama yamama bin Laden by john Charles bursar and geom deske i mean it's no i atty is a douchebag but it's the best i can do today the prologue says the interview took place at the oparton the new europe plaza hotel a place is dark and austere as the lives of those who'll be behind the scenes are leading the fight against terrorism in late July 2001 i met with john on elon business on ill was the former head of anti terrorism in the west would become deputy director of the FBI's new york office in charge of national security at the age of forty nine after having dedicated half his life to the FBI he joined the new york flagship office a position covered by FBI agents we had first met a month earlier in Paris a group of friends anti terrorist experts and i had met with on ill is your information on al kai this financial networks we had dinner at shape and one the lame array area at the same table occupied not long before by Hillary Clinton madlam al bright the deputy director of the direction on divas surveillance the twire whatever that is d.s. t. in charge of anti terrorism and elaine marshal the former chief prosecutor of the terrorists with a parquet they perry the highest prosecution authority in France i gave only my report title the economic network of the embodied family of which he had heard during the dinner we agreed to meet in the york the following month of the destiny for it new york have become john on the ill's territory he knew every nook and cranny from the historic stay causes to the china club from little Italy to the bars frequent by movie stars and film directors following him through the city one would think he owned the place he was welcomed everywhere as a friend he was also never off duty constantly juggling his cell phone and palm pilot is if to remind himself of his central mission accompanying him on his rounds was also an opportunity to discuss our business together john on the it was a rebel in the world for the present and his administration called the shots in charge of investigating act of terrorism by the al chiro organization he went to Yemen in october 2000 after the attack on the west's coal in which 17 US servicemen died he landed based at the obstructionist attitude of young american among american diplomats there and of course the investigation became clear that the vice from the state department after the investigator didn't share the same approach the diplomats wanted to comply with the m night regime in order to complico relations while the FBI wanted to solve the crime and find those responsible for the attack is quickly as possible it was apparent that these two visions these two cultures could not coexist after another dispute over the FBI agents carrying a barms and turning over a second level suspects to the american authorities the american ambassador to him in barber bodeen for bad john on on his team of rambos is the united authorities called them from entering Yemen this despite the fact that according to onel the FBI had in hand all the evidence needed to implicate or some of in law and terrorist network in the attack sitting in the china club at the top of building overlooking manhattan john on the recoup of the heeded exchange with the american ambassador his disappointment in the state department impotence they do not and above all the thread of a sum of been law for him everything originated in Saudi Arabia and everything could be explained and solve through this prison all of the answers all of the clues allowing us to dismantle a sum of the law and organization can be found in Saudi Arabia he told me emphasizing the inability of american diplomacy to get anything out of king fad concerning terrorist networks the reason there was only one corporate oil interests could this thing legislation keep the u.s. from investigating one of the principal terrorist networks in the world yes for the simple reason that the american administration and refrain from using the investigation as it means including pressurion at Saudi friends since George double his election the FBI was even more politically engaged onel said and that could be felt even on his own investigations regarding bin Laden Saudi Arabia has much more pressure on us than we have toward the kingdom he said considering the u.s. of dependency on its oil and thus the state department need to have a secure and stable Saudi Arabia during investigations in the attack on a military installation in deran on June 25th 1996 which killed 19 american soldiers only a wet to Saudi Arabia himself to convince king fad to get the Saudi authorities to cooperate but that was a loss caused because Saudi officials interrogated the principal suspects themselves while the FBI was relegated to collecting material evidence from the bombsite as for the relations between al-Qaeda and Saudi Arabia it concludes in my report which was commissioned by the French intelligence service did not surprise only in confirmed that bin Laden had close ties with high ranking personalities and families of the Saudi kingdom in July 2001 contrary to their public statements he believes however that the chances of getting the studies to cooperate were slim and he called into question the FBI is extremely political stance in this area as well as that of the interior level coming from one of america's top specialist in these matters jambony's revelations shed light on the potential danger of olsalab bin Laden they tell us in clear terms that the fighting against terrorism was not the government's number one priority was certainly it was essentially out of resentment and because he knew that nothing would change his strong beliefs that only elect the FBI in August 2001 to take position as director of security at the world trade center on September 11th he was meeting on the subject of security in the twin towers when the first plane hit the building he left the call for help and coordinate the arrival of the police before going back in the building we have evacuate the occupants is if to save the thousands of New Yorkers who were so dear to him he died in the effort jambony's testimony continues to be an essential piece of the puzzle in the fight against terrorism it turns light on the two principal stumbling blocks for the western confronting these networks oil and its geographic race strategic importance and Saudi Arabia and its religious and financial ambitions 11 28 at five 60 wq a.m. after shopping forget about it don't leave the house just sit there right by your phone make one easy call and it's a piece of cake call 1 800 mattress like I do all the time when your old mattress is going to leave me when your mattress is worn out you'll know it because you won't get a good night sleep your back will be killing you know it's time to call 1 800 mattress they'll be there in no time at all you talk to people or we know their crap they'll hook you up with the name brand mattress you want at an unbeatable price surducely simmons and King Coral they got them all and they also give you the 30 day in home comfort guarantee so it can try it out the real way by sleeping on it and doing your thing on it and you get any two hour window for delivery any day seven days a week like from noon to two one to three whenever it's going to be convenient for you when you've got to be home so be smart when you get a new mattress just make the one easy call to dial a mattress it is unbeatable 1 800 mattress 1 800 mA TTRES or check them out on the web at mattress.com neon god all right double you want to stop who say even though no one will back does are to tell which one is for insane when it with the sardy to attack us double you have to finish that pipeline that is losing his patience order the troops you go give up their lives for the world big and fast sunshine the pride time at all problems why try it the lives that will be lost can buy it there's more important things to do what the hell is wrong with you now we found my fellow crime except for your footage at one she can buy from thunder to the right because she works for shabby tower and be you as a sick chainie think more for a pipeline is a good sign but beaters from all around the world are free you're a phob Jenny Green charge the pipeline I don't call it why try it the lives that will be lost can buy it there's more important things to do what the hell is wrong with you oh 33 or 5.60 they just showed you see the woman to blonde hair one more the glasses kind of trevly mid-lays woman with her that was her that was the lady that was sitting in the show needs you know there are I'm listening to some of the audio during the break in the going out of a well top rage in a whole mind security and blah blah and everything is working everything is working only because she happened to be sitting in the show needs and she was alert baby she was listening she saw a bunch of schmatha hits and she was listening and she picked up the information otherwise she was looking for she was noty oh she was I think she deserves the congressional metal of honor if they try that does anything to this don't you yeah hey you with Cliff Gorman are you suggesting that she's a yenta who is it Cliff Gorman for name is Cliff Gorman I don't know I got that just a joke with you you're too excited there Miguel what's up it's easy for us celebrity who is he Cliff Gorman I don't know why I'm asking you it says me or you're gonna get third celebrity Cliff Gorman died I have no idea who that is but he might be in fact during the next break I'll go ahead and say well why not to have I'll be chucked with there he's got nothing else to do except sit there in total of thumbs and play a few spots he by the way thanks again for that add aware of only hit like two pop up ads in last 24 hours which I'm very excited about I usually get more than that in 10 seconds is there way do you read of all of them very difficult I'm not gonna push it I'm not gonna push it you're the computer expert we're ecstatic to have you around and believe me I mean a lot of there will be times I'm trying to try to download something and it sits there the computer just sits there it's anything then it's not the computer and then then you're fighting you got like 16 different pop-up ads laying on top of each other they have to get rid of not anymore so what are we looking Cliff Gorman so you keep repeating that like I'm supposed to be spawning a Cliff Gorman what I don't know who that led is I know Harvey Corman being explosive or dangerous in that vehicle don't forget they were also looking at one point they were keeping their uh and head up for any sort of a biological age that might also be in that vehicle don't know if that was a concern we don't know crap okay tell us when you do know okay don't keep telling us we don't know tell us when you do know it's not always a turkey point is it just tell us when you do know okay cut the crap I look at what's I just do when I got sign track duh okay and I was gonna go back and finish this the forward here and then I'll be done with reading from this book okay if you want to buy the book button buy how much was it how much does it's caught don't he has uh I heard is 295 US Canadian 295 so even though they're looking at look at the way that they are rapists even though there's the exchange rate it comes out almost exactly the same effect I think I paid a little bit more because 21 bucks times is a 0.65 like yeah how about the same well worth it at 10 times the price it's a paperback for bidden truth US Taliban Secret World diplomacy in the field of urban London by John Charles Brissard and Guillaume Deskeye on nation books paperback go out and pick up 40 copies today in what in Washington generate 22nd 2001 America appeared to be delivered after weeks of controversy over how to reach punch ballots United States presidential election was finally over on this day George W. Bush took a president into the White House and even more important in the Oval Office members of the international press watched skeptically as the governor of Texas was sworn in that same evening on the top floor of the national press club building on 14th street several European reporters gathered at the bar opinions flew castigating the new administration's Texan culture while only a stone throw away the Republican team was settling into its new home the journalist engaged in lively conversation with members of the American press mostly from the Washington post whose office is also or just a few blocks away the Europeans would witness the Jubilation of the inauguration worried about the new president's lack of international awareness is pensioned for one application of the death penalty which had been abolished in so many countries his limited knowledge of the Israeli Palestinian conflict and his arrogant declarations of American Empire which had offended many old world observers and decision makers purchased on massive barstools surrounded by the endless cherrywood bar of the national press club some of the more prudent members of the French and German press revealed their contrasting opinions for shadowing many more debates to come others content themselves were listing a few truths to what before the presidential campaign Bush junior had traveled outside the United States a total of three times his knowledge of foreign politics was limited to that which concern Texas oil companies which while they made to be the most powerful of their kind of the world were also among the biggest contributors to his campaign and finally the new president showed major gaps in his knowledge of the world's most vulnerable regions especially Central Asia proof of this in coming was unable to name the president of Pakistan during an interview in the middle of his presidential campaign. Prevism was sure of a irritable ally of the Pentagon who had a reckoned with the population largely hostile to the US since his victory Bush had learned how to spell at least his last name. Of course journalists are professional as a fragmented commentary and sometimes incapable of complexity for sure a young voice never traveled to globe and didn't figure in the ranks of the elite diplomats but even so he wasn't completely ignorant of world affairs it's still a little bit close to his parents when his father was director of CIA and very early on like so many children of wealthy Texan families George W. had developed small service companies in the oil industry with strong ties abroad these activities led him to work with businessmen from the Middle East in particular from Saudi Arabia as was the case when he was director stockholder and paid consultant of Harkin energy. What's more the president's close advisors benefited from considerable experience in managing world affairs also acquired from their contact with Bush senior and Texan oil companies. First in rank was the classic and agmatic condolese a rise even glossy celebrity magazines are interested in her listing the same pedigree each time professor at Stanford Soviet specialist and former security counselor under Bush senior in the charge of Soviet affairs meanwhile from 1991 to 2000 rice was director of the Chevron group one of the leading oil companies in the world in which he notably dealt with questions related to developments in Kazakhstan. On at 26th January 2001 the men and women moving in the White House were not the isolationist we believed in to be even if they're tasting international relations possessed a vague odor of petroleum several thousand miles away from Washington some people already taken note of this on February 5 2001 a thunderbolt exploded new at the or nearly quite mad you of international diplomacy at the UN Security Council usually restrained functionaries were flambergasted less than two weeks after the American inauguration unexpected message to come from Kabul though no one had yet realized the connection between the event and George W. Bush's election on this day for the first time in their short history the Taliban said they were prepared to negotiate for international recognition. The so-called religious students would drop their hard line the man making this announcement was none other than the foreign minister for the Taliban law kill off-mod um... um... tabakill have you say that? like that. Exactly. Mutabakill. I think we killed them. To make the desired impact he conveyed his message to reporter from the times of London rather than a major Arab newspaper his target audience was therefore Anglo-Saxon as well as a widespread famine mutabakill's country was suffering from international sanctions that were beating down with greater intensity since the UN Security Council of the decision December 19 to much earlier to slap an arms embargo on the Taliban and tighten diplomatic financial and travel sanctions on its leaders for harboring Osama bin Laden and other wanted terrorists. The Afghan Foreign Minister was looking for a sympathetic and powerful interlocutors to help loosen the strangle of on his country obtained financial assistance from the IMF and returned to conditions that officially prevailed since 1996 when Saudi Arabia and the US had encouraged the Taliban and their military enterprise considering the miscources to ability in Afghanistan. Interchange minister mutabakill was prepared to yield on many sensitive issues the first being the extradition of bin Laden. Stations were severe of course but to what extent the Taliban know their message would be heard by the New American administration. Had Republican representatives in the Taliban already met privately before this spectacular announcement? What we do know for sure is that from February 5th to August 2nd 2001 the US engaged in private and risky discussions with the Taliban concerning geostrategic oil and tricked among other things. These discussions involved the Taliban betraying Osama bin Laden though at the time the Americans didn't know the extent of the religious leaders power of the Afghan rulers the suicide attack the 911 were possibly the outcome of this initiative. That needs further investigation. The pages that follow harboring described this perfect conflict largely led by the Saudi monarchy and provoked by the cynicism of a fringe group of the Republican Party. Lighted some of the key players whose responsibility in the matter is slowly being revealed appeared in the danger. The situation in Afghanistan will help answer this question. Afghanistan is essential for any country-winding websites of size of the supremacy in Central Asia and is long been coveted by Russia, the US and above all Saudi Arabia. In Washington it's considered the best transit zone for the extraction of Central Asia's petroleum and natural gas. In re-awed from members of the Al-Saw family who controlled the Saudi Kingdom with an iron fist the Taliban's accession to power was ideal since it represented an extension of their zone of influence in Central Asia. Their Wahhabite brand of Sunni Islam goes very well with the kind of Islam espoused by the Taliban. From the beginning they've regarded these holy warriors as religious brothers who have allowed them to extend their oil business into it to that part of the world and above all to contain the hegemonia of their neighbor Iran whose she had values they're trying to combat. Such a small territory ruled by a group of religious fanatics linked by so many energy interests marked by struggles of power with international repercussions. How could it not become the fruit the crucible of the crisis that marked the beginning of the 21st century? Okay that's the end of that from the book. Okay I'm more now. I'm going to write a pass out. Can we some oxygen? Okay. 742 at 560 one of two cars paired by authorities. What is it? What is that mean? To the next car and they'll begin the same process. Oh you mean to say they've only been oh my god they won't even do an ally work on just the one car? And now the robot is patching around with a second car. We got a long way to go folks. It'll keep you busy all day. 1143 at 560 WQA and Oliomed is a tremendous product. It's new. It's exciting and good for you. Oliomed is a soft gel cancel and inside you'll find pharmaceutical rate olive oil. The best that money can buy and everybody with a brain knows olive oil is good stuff. Along with vitamins, minerals and herbal and they make a separate product of remote health for different parts of your body. There's an Oliomed castle designed to help your prostate. One for your heart, one for your blood pressure, one for your cholesterol, one for your circulatory system, your digestive and endocrine system, your skin, your bones, even your mind, and each and every one of them uses the benefit to the best olive oil on this planet. An Oliomed makes products specifically designed for men and for ladies as well. Pick up some today. Pick up Oliomed at Walgreens, Whole Food Markets, Navarro Pharmacy and Sedanos. It's an exciting aspect. Tech and a phenomenal new product. And if you want to find out more about what it does where you'll find it and more you stick it. Call this toll free number. 1-866 Oliomed. That's 1-866 Oliomed. And order their products on their website too if you want at olio-mentimerica.com. Why the you first? Oh, see you there today. O'Sara bin Laden's favorite son, Saad is taking over the family business. Funny business, that is. Wow. Oh, shut up, eat it, you think that. And where is that no good meat, turban, son of mine? You called, but now it's here in the family. It's like something you've seen before. Oh boy, some of them don't read. When are you going to do? Eat them great Satan's and doesn't need. I'm no pop. Just build up my strength for the geohod. I'm using up and son blowing at them. When the son of a jack will get those son of his own, he'll wear it in shoes on Alcatel in the family. Oliomed. Al Jusyre T.D. Lam. So you notice the sheriff says that they were uncooperative. No struggle, but they weren't cooperative. They didn't want to give many information, but they're not suspects. They're not suspect at this time, which is why they got the Obama robot going into the second car now. Because they're not suspect. Okay, Cliff Gorman, you wonder who he was? Okay. Because you guys didn't find out for me. But it's just as well, because then I went to done a search on here. Cliff Gorman, who was an actor, played bit parts. TV guys, the parents is law and order a bunch of times New York News murder. She wrote, which I don't want to Spencer for hire. See, if we saw Cliff Gorman, you know, if we saw Pickle. Oh, yeah, that's Cliff Gorman. Don't you think? Yeah, sure. No, we wouldn't. And the movie, as he was in King of the Jungle, ghost dog, the war of the Samurai. 60s, the 60s, down came a blackbird. Oh, he was in a lot of movies, a lot of bit parts. Forget me, not the forget me, not murders. The return of iron sight. Most of these were TV movies. Phafah. Why was it good movie? Did you see that movie? No. Who was in that movie? I don't know. I think wasn't Robert De Nero in that movie. Okay. Well, anyway, it was a good movie. You didn't see the movie, Hopper? No, I didn't see it. Was excellent. A night in the city, Tehran track nine, first of Javanagh. It said, well, there you go. Okay, that takes care of that. He's a, but he's not, I don't know, he's small potatoes. You don't put him up there with Kim Hondward Johnny and I just do it. No, I don't think so. No way. Okay, Explorishment Chemical Planet, your Houston Texas. South Florida today. We will have more in that just ahead. Okay, so there's some pictures on CNN. Well, we're still trying to find out more about what's going on on an alligator rally, which is still closed, by the way. Now, we can get lightened up a little bit. Give some of these other stories, not that I finished reading a 8,000 pages from that book. I'm serious, I need oxygen. But I just think that that book is, you know, of course, they're going to be skeptics out there. Oh, there we go again. It's not just anti-bush, it's anti-clinton. It's anti-autocruption of the, and the whole thing, LL. That's what it's all about, baby. O-I-L, M-O-N-E-Y. And I'm sitting here thinking about that scene in the movie network. Well, that petty chariotsky, he was one of the most brilliant people of our time. That movie was so far ahead of its time, like 30 years ago. And Robert Duvala's screaming about the Saudi deal, and of course Howard Veele gets on television. I want you to call the White House right now, and he goes through that... The time is minus, hell, but it doesn't exist anymore. The Saudi deal's going to be stopped right now. Of course, they had all the, all the loans were with the Saudis, and all that, Robert Duvala's moaning and growing at the bar there, and pushes the bartender to punk aside to see the thing on TV. And he's having a nervous breakdown. Because the Saudis basically were taking control over the UBS, which at that time was the other big network. Remember that? Yeah. You didn't see network. So, why is wrong with you, man? No wonder you're living in that little tiny world of yours with your Guia Barron, your goddamn double-baked beans or whatever they call that. Yeah, we... Refried beans. Oh, god. What are your crap in your brains? You're blaming it on shonies. Let's see, you're running spots for Calvary Church. You have to be kidding. Well, what does that mean? I have no clue, but there's two factors on that. Calvary Church? Oh, there it is. It's Calvary Chapel. Well, don't ask me. It's probably Adam Turan again. You know, Adam, if it's not a cult, it's some kind of a church. I have no idea what that is. Okay. I've got nothing to do with that. I don't listen. I'm busy doing stuff here during the breaks. I'm supposed to worry about what the recorded spots are. Hey, it's QAM guys. We'll put anything on here. If somebody else, we don't give a crap, what is it? If the guy damn out, kind of would buy some spots, we take their money. We don't care. We're a bunch of grave robbers. Here's another one. I knew you can't talk about this. What the, I don't know. And no, it's not Boca Brian behind me. Ha ha ha ha. Boca Brian's not doing this spot. Maybe he started a cult. Maybe Boca Brian started a cult. Oh, brother, there's so much stuff coming on here. You guys all have to wait till Monday. I'll get to all of this stuff. Okay. And then it expect me to be sitting here listening to the goddamn recorded spots. I have one spot that keeps cutting in and out, which I think he just played it again. I don't know, I don't know which one that is. You know what I mean? Yeah, that club. Yeah, where the audio keeps cutting out. Yeah. Same thing. We don't care. It's like they're working on purpose. That's intentional, I believe. It is. Yeah. Well, I don't want to say that it's stupid, but it sounds pretty stupid. It's annoying. I agree. Sounds like there's a glitch, especially on this station, where we're so used to having that happen. And then there we go again. More technical screwups, because we got that crappy equipment. Although we do have the audio volume. That was an effect. I see. Well, it's your effected me. Here's something that might affect you. By the way, how's that pull coming? 292 votes were approaching 300. Who do you think is the most dangerous person in the world today? Yes, you're on the far. At least in double digits now, he's got 11. But he's been sucking win in last place all day. Area, she runs 17. The Pope, 31. Osama, Yamama, 42. Sadama, saying 85. It's a he didn't close. And George W106. Levi's trousers protect your testicles. Oh. Now where did this come from? Do we know? I don't know what the publication is from. But what if this is a make because it's so enlightening? Levi's trousers didn't reduce the new range of slacks with mobile phone anti-radiation pockets. The trousers will be introduced next year in the UK under the company's Docker's brand and could cost as much as 100 pounds at 140 bucks a pair. The phone pockets are lined with special material, which Taylor Sable for rent radiation from phones reaching the skin. And the company is not covered in 40 bucks of pair. Of course the company isn't saying that radiation from mobile phones is dangerous or anything. No, no, no. It says it's merely responded to customer concerns about radiation emissions from mobile phones. It says the slacks also have some waterproof coating as well and come in different colors. That's colors with a U and sizes no doubt. In May the UK government published a report which found that some mobile phones, shields can significantly reduce exposure to radiation, tests on some products found that many of the shield devices can reduce exposure to radiation by large amounts. However, any reductions often like a similar reduction in mobile phone performance leading to a weaker signal, which can lead people to be to shouting more to be heard. Well, I'm sure you wouldn't mind shouting a little less to you if you're protesting your nuts. Speaking of nuts, Nick Nothi charged with the UIs and a little problem. A drooling, droopy eyed Nick Nothi was arrested on suspicion of driving on the influence of drugs or alcohol Wednesday after police allegedly spotted his black 19-92 Mercedes vines, swirving across a malibu highway. An officer making a traffic stop on the Pacific Coast Highway heard tire squealing and saw the vehicle driven by Nothi approaching rapidly, leaving across all lanes into opposing traffic said California highway patrol spokesman Leeland Tang. When he pulled over Nothi, he plays the heroin addicted robber and is upcoming over the good thief, seen completely out of it, Tang said he was drooling with droopy eyes. He looked very much like he was under the influence. According to the AP, Nothi's 60-month-of-fail, they feel surprised he tested me in custody until about 830-1. And which time he was sighted and released? Kind of like a bath on guiding light. Oh, by the way, Mondays that a guiding light goes to 10 o'clock in the morning, we're going to have to tape it. God damn it, just what it's getting pretty intense too, damn it. Man. And when Michelle is opposing up to Bill now, boyhood girlhood, Chumsman, whatever, how they were, they're starting to get a little bit tight. And when Ed is starting to cozy up to Cassie a little bit, huh? Getting pretty tense in it. He was extremely pleasant cooperative, Tang said apparently we're even a few pass-in-by stop and took pictures. The actors, publishers, Arnold Robinson had no media comment. Can't imagine why? Pouring out fit, bitch for an answer. And adult entertainment media company wants to buy these song swapping service, Nothi and is offered more than $2.5 million worth of its stock for the now defunct company. That's within N. Private media group, Inc. publicly tweeted that adult entertainment side based in Spain offered a million chairs for Nothi's assets. Chairs of private media which distributes it to adult media content directly into an agricultural facility and independent distributors and in the yesterday session at $2.41 cent on Azdack. And a statement, Private media says, I must use the N.F. trademark to offer millions of adults worldwide the ability to swap adult-oriented content for free and at the same time, can you access the top-party content at a reasonable price? That sounds appealing, don't it? See they're both on it already, they're both looking for it. We're sorry. Private media claims to only be the largest library of adult-oriented content in the world with global copyrights to the content. And that's the wish it had once had a call following of some 60 million, was forced to shut down last year after major record levels convinced the federal judge in Violeta copyright laws and actually used a networking technology called peer-to-peer which uses a lot of use in user file. 1156 at 560 WQM can't wait for that. Meanwhile, we have to tell we got this clip, Gorman, well, that'll have to do for now. If you love your home, but you need more space, here's how you solve that problem. You would a lot of other smart people are doing in call our friends at strictly additions, whether you're having a baby in the other room, if you're converting a car port or patio in living space. Maybe you went into business for yourself and you want to make an office in your home. All you have to do is call the good people at strictly additions, they'll take care of all out for you. There you're one stop shop, more space for your place place with an absolutely worry for your approach to a spadding or living place. And space. Those know-shows by the contract is not going to happen. In complete work, no way, no unexpected bills, no worries about the job not getting done right and they take care of every single last detail. They drop your blue prints, they get the building permits, handle all the inspections for it. They take away all the hassle, just leave it to them. strictly additions have got an ED5 step approach to total customer satisfaction. Number one, call to scheduling a free project evaluation appointment right in your home, where project is to made able to determine the scope of your addition. Number two, schedule a bit of employment in their convenience room where you'll get a detailed proposal on an exact price for your work. Number three, you select your finishing touches, go to contract. Number four, reviewed the design, architectural drawings. And then number five, you sit back and relax. As your dream addition moves ahead on schedule with unbeatable quality, it's as simple as all of that. So give strictly additions to call it 9.54, 7.9.181, 100. 9.54, what is it again? 7.9.181, 8.100. Look for the Rat Neo pages, they're licensed, they're mature, they do spectacular work. Tell that Neo ported you to call strictly additions at 9.54 or get it right this time. 7.9.181, 8.100. 5.9. And look all, we're sports radio 550, UAF. 8. 8. The state Goldstein, but you're going to go to the town. Whenever I'm in town, I listen to, wait a minute, I am in town. It's the 12th of a hour, sat. It's 9.00 on a Sunday night, and I'm going to watch HBO. There's some dumb show about a funeral home, where it's only end big for us to go. I've had to wait over a year and a half to see if that Russian guy is dead. So when I turn on the tune, I'm sure getting screwed, because they're showin' all this instead. Goonba, Goonba, Raraa, Goonba, Raraa, Raraa. When they have an honest approach man, I've waited too long for this thing. I wanna see, party and sell the old, in the back room of the front of me. It's been so long since the last episode, there's so many things I forgot. Dip on it, get whack, it's furious, smokin' crack, and the Tony still sale this to us. So I've picked up the latest TV guide, and that's when I thought feeling fine. They got HBO's spring and thought to day goes, each and every Sunday at night. Oh, it's season 4 of the soprano's man, good thing they bring it at night. If I had to wait even one second more, I'd have my cable guide a whack, say, forget about it. So, stop bringing time, ain't it? Double three, you're gonna all be a whack from one faded breath. What is that Sunday? Sunday. Sunday, sopranos. I'm not gonna be watching that. No, it's not every night, the ones from last year, I can watch about two minutes, and then move along. Watch the racing from Mohawk and wherever else. Wash you're ready to attack Georgia. I went on the channel 7 new website during the break to see if they had like a more complete story on the thing on the alley. And low and behold, here's this story. Early in the show, I read a thing about Russia and a punting and bush, making a tit for tat on Iraq and Georgia. Wash you're ready to attack Georgia, it says. Wash his military is ready to launch attacks in Georgia to flush out trech in militants, believe to be based in a remote. Mountain is region defense minister Sergei even of horn Thursday. What team is he play for? Georgia's been under Russian pressure for months to take action against militants and they pankeycey gorge, but it's probably a quick military, which has only about 17,000 men, has launched only one operation, which produced few results. The detention of 13 led criminals and months suspected Arab militants. The pressure increased yesterday with a release of the tales of a letter, President Poon Tang sent the world leaders outlining Russia's complaints about Georgia's inaction. Now the surting Russia's right to launch attacks in line with the UN charter and trining countries to uself defense. The Georgian parliament sent a statement later yesterday to the UN NATO and other international organizations saying that Poon Tang is placed in front of Georgia, the threat of aggression. Even off being wild-piled reporter specific attack proposal would be presented to Poon and the near future. He said such strikes may not be needed if Georgia takes appropriate measures. The Interfacts News Agency reported. And you're like that. Says a Russian attack could trouble relations with the US American troops have been based in Georgia since May, giving anti-Tivism training to the Georgian military. However, however it says that time of Putin's letter to world leaders coming as the UN General Assembly with the President Bush, make his case for military action against Iraq, indicated Putin wants to draw parallels between the Russia Georgia and US Iraq disputes. Russia has vehemently opposed any unilateral action by the US against Iraq, and it's unclear if the criminal would have abandoned its objections. If the US gave pass that approval to the one of itself in Georgia, how do you like that like that story earlier? Probably a lot of people out there saying, oh yeah, that's just a bunch of propaganda, right? Right. Have handed in with what they say is their identity. All of that men of Georgia and the Pakistani and their weight in the Senate. And information they have been provided, they believe that two are naturalized US citizens, one is a US citizen. But they're saying, use the words appear to be a cally because we could find out that this documentation is fake. There's always that possibility. So, you know, 99% sure we're okay here, but there's always that 1% chance that this is this is these fake documents. And yes, they were medical students according to a variety of officials that I spoke to today and they were in the United States, but in Dominica, in the Caribbean. And I was also told by the US officials that it appears that they were on their way to a medical conference in Miami. At least that is a story that that told them and they're corroborating. There's no specific information linking these individuals to any terrorist activity. That's why their names are not being released. That is why there are no charges brought. They are being held for questioning at this point. That is it. They are not being as you said. And very important to underscore here, not being called suspects or being held as opposed to somebody who has ever a suspect. Come on, quick hidden us. Okay. I say we fry them all. Just, you know, let's wrap up whole Sparky one more time. And fry the three. I'm just to be on the safe side. So, then they're going to be safe and sorry. That's what John asked us. Let's fry them. Right. Sounds good to me. Voter's betrayed. This wasn't editorial in yesterday's hero which I never got around to. What a mess. And by the way, I should point out before I read this. Janet Reno is playing hardball, baby. She's got the big hardballs out and she says, hey, just hang on. I'm in a cowboy. Let's recount some votes here. Whole bunch of votes in day that didn't get counted allegedly. I think a whole bunch of dead people are still trying to get to vote. So let's wait and be sure and make sure that everybody got their fear chance to vote. So if you try to make up those 8100 votes. Oh, it's so sad. What am I saying? The first day wide votes in the 2000 presidential election, we in South Florida have embarrassed ourselves. Again says the hero. We completely botched an important election while the nation watched. Counties throughout the state reported some problems, but the most severe and damaging occurred in day and Broward. Ah! Simply put, there was no excuse. None for what happened to day and scores of our polling places. Some precinct openings were delayed for hours. Poll workers weren't familiar with new touchscreen computers. Precincts closed before the extended 9pm deadline. Computer voting cartridges were misplaced. Both were erased. Poll workers quit or didn't show up. Voters returned away. Party identification cards were in short supply. Voters were denied for no vote meant. That was on the gay rights referendum. In short, most of what we go wrong did go wrong in these two counties. Plainless in a blame for this inexcusable electoral meltdown must go to the county election supervisors whose primary responsibility is to plan organized elections. It might be argued probably will be that the state failed to give county supervisors enough resources to guarantee a relatively error for election, but that would just be a lame excuse. After the 2000 election debacle, state lawmakers passed new laws that dealt with some of the more egregious problems discovered in punch card balloting. Florida also allocated $20 million for new electronic voting systems, modernizing voting in every county. Elections supervisor may assert correctly that they didn't get all the money they requested, but the mandate from lawmakers in voters was resoundingly clear, no more screw ups. Proof that doing the job is possible was evident in the performance and other counties across the state. In populist Hillsborough County, for example, election supervisors worked out Kingston, the new touch screen system, with a trial run involving thousands of computers in voters, and Pasco County, poll workers were given 12 hours of training on procedures in new equipment, compared to four hours in dayd. State officials say they were hampered by last minute changes in computer software applications, which left little time for training in Broward, LES, and supervisor Miriam Olafant as battle incessantly with county commissioners about funding and voting machinery. Wednesday, Miami Mayor, Alice Pinga, Pacaña, called for effect finding investigation by the county's Inspector General, it will be overseen by an independent civilian panel. The Inspector General should quickly analyze what was wrong and why and make recommendations that can be implemented before the November General election in Broward means Olafant called for a similar process, both are worthy efforts that can prevent a recurrence albeit after the fact. Obviously, the focus of Broward and Data officials must be to prevent a similar disaster in November. Obviously, nevertheless, the harm done to voters in the primary election is unforgivable. Few activities that citizens participate in are as critical to democracy as voting, yet thousands of voters have been disenfranchised by officials lack of planning and poor organization, this debacle is an unconscionable betrayal of all South voters voters. How do you like that? The South righteous opening here will say that they're absolutely right. Unconscionable unacceptable, apala crap is what it was. You can smell that a million miles away. I can smell that all the way up here. See, they're battered. Josh Friedman's in building again. Is he still there by the way? Yeah. Well, let me ask you one, let me ask you one question about that. Why? Why? I don't know. While I had somebody on MSNBC, I guess. Anyway, it's 11 past noon at 5.60. You have the men, these three men of Jordanian, Pakistanian, and Iranian descent. They may have no connection to any formal terrorist group who may just be sympathizers to a cause or may just think you know why. You know, quick injectoring already. Okay. They may be this. Let us know when you got something. I realized you ask holes. They got a lot of time to fill on there. And the picture of the two cars sitting there on a goddamn alley isn't really all that exciting. And even they a little robot. The bomb sniffing robot there is not all that exciting anymore. Even the dogs well got, they ran out. Do you know what's that? The bomb sniffing dogs they took off. They said, what's for lunch? It's good out here. Here's the guy that's always ready for a good lunch. Tom Layman and the Heleponti XGMC. And they're added again down there are good friends one more time. 0% financing continues. That's right with a proof credit from GMAC. You can get right now as I speak. 0% financing up to 36 months on all 2003 Pontiac and GMC models. And of course the fact that they slipped that into this copy means the 2003 Pontiac and GMC's are here. Or take a wee bit of up to four grand and all 2002 Pontiacs or GMC models in stock. Check out the complete line of GMC SUVs, including that very exciting spiffy on-boy. You should know by now, voted by motor trend is the SUV of the year and check out the old new Pontiac 5S UV. It's a real gas goes. I mean it's got the power of a sports car at a fraction of the price. Hell it's also got a great selection of dependable pre-owned cars, trucks and SUVs. And if some other clown and town turned you down for credit when you tried to buy a car, forget about that. Forget about that place because Hallett Pontiac will find some way to work your deal. So if you want an unbeatable deal on Pontiac and GMC, this is always the place. And when you go down there, you'll discover why they've been when in business in the same place for so long because they treat you right and they're making unbeatable deal. 134 or 166 you highway, that's you, I just want to cross from the falls open every day, seven days a week. Hallett Pontiac GMC, we are professional grade. My life and love all this is for 205-60. You way too way and. Holy cow, Aaron's coming. Hi, I'm Jeff Bush and I'm just like all of you out there except. I'm rich, very, very rich. I've got more money than any of you will ever see in your whole life. Without ever having to earn a penny of it like you for losers have to do, but hell, we're co-oprun and again. So why not vote for me? You know I'm so rich I paid the Jewish Journal to back me. Boy, even for a rich, spoiled kid like me, that's set me back a bundle. I want to be your governor for the same reason a dog licks his balls because I can. I want to relate to the little guy like people who have to do their own shopping, things like that. Difficult for me, because I'm rich. So let's work together to build a better Florida. Vote for me, Judd Bush. Because I'm rich. I've heard my name short time and come in and give a shit. I've got a shit boy shit guy. 2017 is 560 WC, what's the guy Cliff Gorman, right? Right, never heard of him. I can't even almost forgot his name, so he just isn't qualified. But over the weekend, I'm sure that we got like a long weekend, but we've got, you know, the rest of the day and tomorrow on Sunday. We can find some of their famous famous person who can, you know, complete the trilogy. Do we have like a time limit on what period they have to die in, I guess like within a couple of days. File showed Churchill I have 5 priests to continue work despite many allegations. Nually released personnel files a 5 priest show they are silenced. A Boston was told about numerous allegations of sex abuse against the priest, some dating back four decades, but allowed the priest to continue in parish work. Oh, the documents made public yesterday. The tail multiple allegations against the Reverend Robert V. Gail, who was arrested last month for allegedly raping a boy in the church wrecked a re. At St. Jude's parish in Waltham over four year period in the 1980s, when a boy was 10 to 14 years old. The documents also described allegations made against the Reverend John H. Water, which had caught one. I guess they used to call him Father Coglin, George J. Rosenkranz and Joseph Welsh. Many of the allegations are contained in correspondence sent to three church supervisors. Bishop John McCormick of Manchester, New Hampshire, it goes on. The documents were obtained by attorneys of represented approximately 250 people who claimed they were abused by priests. There were a number of occurrences with the knowledge of the supervisors of the art studies going back pretty far, and yet they don't remove the priest at attorney Jeffrey Newman. The records when he looked at them as a group are really quite profound in detailing the specific factual basis, on which they could have taken them out of the purses and put them where they would have had no contact with children or simply retire them. Donna Marisi rhymes with Sissy, the spokesman for the art studies whose name were heard eight million times in the last few months. Didn't immediately return phone calls and looking for comments. We can't imagine why. She's busy old Donna. Editorial in yesterday's Palm Beach post, even angrier than the hero, I believe, or at least equally pissed off. Florida became the unruly guest at Wednesday's National Funeral while Americans observe moments of silence, visit places of worship, attended memorial services, and otherwise paid tribute to the democratic feedemists that separate the US and those who would destroy it. Florida looked once again like the stumble upon the state that can't get democracy right. There was somebody, if I can interrupt this, there was somebody last night I think on the hardball with Chris Matthews. I don't remember who the guest was, but he was saying, oh yeah, he said, you know, things in the election of Florida went pretty well. At least has compared any other Latin American country. Oh, yeah. I mean, we've been getting every shot and of course, we don't care anymore because we're used to it. I mean, you know, we can't shame us. We're like Greg Reed. A signing blame the Palm Beach post says, however, is not as easy as it might seem. Obviously, election supervisors in Broward and Dave County's get a large portion. David Lahi, who are the Dave Charter as appointed by the County Commission has done the jobs since 1981. Oh, why we have no idea. Mary of all of fan was elected two years ago in Broward. Each hit of normal was coming. They in the 65 other supervisors knew that after 2000, new coverage and public attention would magnify even normal glitches in the first major test of a new system. It is inexcusable. However, when voters can't get to the system, dozens of Broward and Dave precincts open late, poll workers didn't turn on machines or didn't know how to operate them. Republicans and Democrats got each other's ballots. Some voters claimed they asked for provisional ballots and didn't get them. And they, some of the affected precincts were in the same Africa and American neighborhoods where voter still believed they were just in franchise. Screwed over in the 2000 presidential election. If nothing else, chaos to the South made Palm Beach County where problems were minor, look good. The election supervisor Teresa LaPore was late with complete results. However, apparently because she didn't use enough of laptop computers that tabulate votes. But Governor Bush was wrong to absolve himself and the legislature. Ultimately, Tuesday's troubles were a factor only in the Democratic primaries for Governor Attorney General, which happened to be the two major statewide races. Each is very close and neither win or will get a majority until this year, partisan primaries went to a runoff. As Florida's post-2000 election reforms, the legislature and Governor Bush eliminated partisan runoffs for this year only. The intent was to hurt any Democratic candidate for Governor who might finish this wrong second and then slingshot the victory in the runoff and game momentum to challenge Governor Bush. That's how we're been asked you in Governor Bob Graham became governor and Lawton Charles got to the West Senate. Add the runoff and much of this new controversy goes away. The state would know who's in the runoff, who came in first wouldn't matter. There'd be no talk among Bill McBride and gentlemen, we know it's advisers about how they're looking at legal options. Buddy Dyeron's got matters to be gearing up for the chance to go against Charlie Christopher Attorney General Christ. We also know that Governor Bush chose to call Tuesday's election shameful because people couldn't vote. He showed no such outrage in 2000 when many of the same Floridians complain that their votes hadn't been counted. Then of course Governor Bush was on the side that didn't want the votes counted. He won a more than one of them counted November either. In fairness to Florida, this state has enacted election reform for itself while Congress is still arguing over how to do it for the nation. California's Riverside County, which pioneered the use of touchscreen machines, had many of the same startup problems such as workers not turning machines on soon enough. Elections in that county now run smoothly. Also, the examples throughout the state that a competent supervisor can run trouble free elections even in large counties. Hillsborough County, which has 519,000 registered voters and has the same machines Palm Beach County block had minor issues in the handful of precincts and all results weren't by 2 a.m. even with a to our extension. Some changes though would help to avoid some of the problems that cropped up this time. The legislature should require that the once-in-10 year special redistricting sessions that take place as soon as census information is available, which is roughly 18 months before General Election. New maps this year weren't final until early two months before the primary, thus forcing tough deadlines and large counties. To deal with shortage of poll workers more than 100 in Palm Beach County quit over the weekend, county shouldn't have to train county employees for the job. They would be reliable and most of be available on short notice and most of them would be out of the age of 200 by the way. Elections who Verizon should extend the voting period, county's could open limited number of universal polling places at malls and courthouse in the previous Saturday Sunday and Monday. Then open all polling places Tuesday or vote and could take place Tuesday and Wednesday. The state could pick up some of the extra expense. The danger of chronic ballot bungling is that frustrated voters will become cynical non-voters with political line drawing making so many races uncompetitive. Thus reducing turnout the state cannot afford to lose any more people whose participation in politics doesn't turn on on how much money they contribute. Right as Roleno and Letterman will thank Florida for new material but there's nothing funny about what the state says the pissed off Palm Beach Post. Let's hear it. It's quite a their crappy sports section. How's the let's see you, you, West Remains, and Highler we know that orange alert and there's the little bombsmithing robot. The casual nature of the technicians out there. Authorities expect highway to be close for some time so if you're going to go over and try to collect like an unpaid bill from the beeslies you better fly. Okay, or else just forget about it. The fact of you try to collect money from the beeslies I just say forget about. Wouldn't be anywhere near that car. You're okay. Good. For our commissioner this is in the Sun Sentinel this morning defend's old a fan but urges series of changes like I said it's in the Sun Sentinel from yesterday. A Broward commissioner yesterday, well how's that possible? I guess I must have overnight. A Broward commissioner yesterday came to the defensive and battle election supervisor Miriam overfan. Energy day series of changes to get her office in the county through the November. High say fire harassed right now. Okay and David Lee he both of them. Get somebody in there with a half a brain who's going to do things right. We only got like what is it? Do you remember fifth is how many weeks away not too many. 20 and 20 seven or eight weeks away maybe less than that. Who the hell are we kid fire both their ass get somebody in there get this thing organized get it done right get a bunch of poll workers in there on the end of a thousand. And let people vote God damn it black white purple in between even a few Republicans not too many. They're spiny web of intrigue stretch from L.A. the New York to Japan by following 18 month investigation four stolen spider-man costumes. Fagued at fifty thousand dollars each and one batman sued by the 150 grand have been recovered. Thank God L.A. County Prosecutor say according to a report in daily variety aren't you relieved? Shoot God that that man I'll fit I bet you that what's his name what's his name? The one from the TV oh, we don't care about the ones in the movies there are too many of those they were all bad. There were yeah, okay. Yeah, that's it. And I'm always thank you. I thought he said it. I mean, Bert Ward I wouldn't forget but I'm always probably hyperventilating. I'm under a lot of pressure here today, you know, there's Mark Potter how she doing. They have to treat it this way you've got that conversation with Kelly who talked about the same thing and this gentleman here on the sport that same point that they have no choice. I wouldn't like it this kind of information but people here praise the woman in Georgia for what she said they defend. See that like I said even though you're picking on her give it a congressional Medal of Honor. I wasn't thinking. Yeah, you were saying some cost of thing about her. You said that Yahoo bitch or something like that. Maybe you just muttered under your breath I heard it. You heard it. By the way, they also caught the Spider-Man off it too. And that was in the first sentence if you'd have been paying real close attention. Yeah, you got to like the you pay real close to that. Listen, I know you're not fooling me that when I'm doing these shows from remote locations from here and Amsterdam and around the world and the Yenem's built. I know that you guys have been there playing part cheesy and screwing around. We're playing the life probably you know, Jason's arena around the room. 1226 at 560 WKYT. I was going to stamp I could get even with you but I think I just did. Are you sick of being taken advantage of by real estate agents and brokers when it will come to send your home? Yeah, well if you are check out SaveRealti.com and here's how this works. You retain the right to sell your home. You can also show and sell your home to buyers who quality directly. And if you sell your home this way, you pay only 1% commissions and that's it. SaveRealti.com cooperates with all MLS realtors. You can also show your home to realtors and if they sell your home, you only have to pay the build of the commission. They traditionally charge for bringing you a buyer to bottom line is you save money. Contact SaveRealti.com on the web at SaveRealti.com. Make sense to me or call them directly at 9504 788 2660. If you want to stop dealing with real estate agents and brokers when you're selling your home and save plenty of money at the same time, let's saveRealti.com. Show you how to do it. Log on to SaveRealti.com today. SaveRealti.com. The best and easiest way to sell your home. Here's that number one more time for the West Coast. 9504 788 2660. My life in law. This is 430560. I've been asking you for 25 years to buy a job. I just feel that when you get a lot of offers you want to do. You really think it was meant to be. Very much. You know, like this. I'm feeling her breath. I can tell you is what I can tell you is what I can tell you is what I can tell you is what I can tell you. I'm telling you is what I observe to be true. It's first plans. You know, this is border burying on gruesome moments. I cry for you. 4304. If they mourn, they can relive. This is you. You're a pro. You missed them from the other. Who eat the Chinese? They said they had attended a party in Chicago, the not before. They said they had to quit stopping because they were five hours late. And then I just naturally, my curiosity, I just kept listening. And something else was said they were kind of huddled together there over the booth talking. And then one guy said, do you think that will bring it down? And I looked at my son and we were just looking at each other. And he said, well, if that don't bring it down, I have contacts. I'll get enough to bring it down. And to me, that meant they were planning to blow up something. And as you listen to the words there of a unit son, the woman who called authorities about a possible terrorist attack on the US, we take you live to the scene where it's. Now we don't want to go to the scene. Delta played to Miami. She and I just reported it has been diverted. Did you hear that? Yeah, I saw that. Yeah, did they say where it was coming from or anything else? No, I'd to say what that word. Okay, well, they're on heightened alert in your area. Aren't you glad that you're there and I'm here, by the way? Yeah, really glad. Hey, listen, they're on their heightened alert of port and all, you know, just to be on the same side. Because this thing on the alley could be the beginning of a plot that they're, you know, uncovered. And certainly, if there was some kind of a plot that wouldn't just be three gypsies, you know, driving down from Calhoun County, Georgia. You follow what I'm saying? Yes. So everybody's like under heightened alert and then of course you got the proper storm is on the way. And you got the election is still hanging up in the air. Like I said, being here is not so bad. Greenspan sees depressing effects. How did you want to think? He was speaking yesterday and you watched that market. He was incredible. Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan told Congress yesterday that the depressing effect on the American economy still linger from the terror attacks on the stock market's steep plunge. But Greenspan rejected them for grant suggestions that President Bush's future tax has be deferred because of the return of federal deficits. Economic fall off on the terrorist attacks on the huge drop in stock prices is still being felt as the economy tries to make a full recovery from last year's recession. Greenspan told the House budget committee as stocks were in a free fall while his lips moved. Today, the economy appears to have whistled the set of blows well, although the depressing effects still linger and continue to influence and particularly the federal budget outlook he said. But a federal budget outlook has moved from black to red ink projections of a decade of surpluses of five point six trillion dollars and been replaced with estimates of return to sizable deficits over the next seven years. And the dollar clearly alerted in the opinion of his handlers and in case where you get false calls. And it's been done. And we want to go to the public. We've been meeting the public for these to be in their quality. Maybe some residents and you can't see it. And many of them are there. You didn't know if you wanted to. I'm not a bomb technician. I said either one of those issues. Now let me ask you this is four six seven or ten like I'm sure because it's a new hour anyway. It's like their general news time for some of them. Are they on top of this thing? Because maybe we'll get a further up there because they seem to be helping on CNN and put on and just hanging out there on the alley and talking to the same people is pickle guy over and over and over again. And yet the one car ran through the toolbox without paying for the tool which was really brilliant and it's set of them. So on all these things we already know about it's the way to on the other channels. Well, the time channel four. Yeah, I don't have channel seven. Why do you keep saying that? How can a channel seven not here? It's no. It's not on the chart. Is there anything I'm seven? Sevens the same thing. They're showing a picture of the two cars with the cute little robot, you know, picking around in there. But that's a cute little robot. But even even a robot turned tear a little while ago and said hey enough of this graph. I'm getting down to here. Even a robot's getting fed up because they're not finding much of anything. But they did find the Islamic writing. But of course it really shouldn't be too surprising if one guy's from Iran. One guy's from Iraq and the other from Pakistan. The fact they found papers with Arabic writing in the cars. I don't think it's like a major revelation. You see what I'm saying? In other words, if the three guys were Chinese and they found Chinese writing and probably wouldn't be a big surprise. But nevertheless they're going to pop up by like I like to find out more about the Delta flight. Where was coming from? Why it was diverged? Where went to? That's what I like to find out more about. But we'll have to wait until they're going to read and tell us. And as soon as they do, we'll tell you. Murder charge in Timber Lake, Fanda. This is a grotesque story we had to believe. They George tried to make fun of by the way a couple of days ago. Yeah, that was crazy. That was terrible, George. A motorist has been shut. That's probably why he got sick because God was punishing him. Oh, God. A motorist has been charged with murder for allegedly hitting a woman who was waiting outside a radio station. The group of fans to see pop star Justin Tinkerbell. Cameron Albert Duddy, 21 was charged Wednesday with one kind of murdering Ann White, 21. He remained jail on a million dollars bail pending a September 26th of Raymond in Superior Court. I think his punishment, they should like make him sleep with Justin Tinkerbell for a few weeks and then fries ass. White was standing on the sidewalk outside the studios of Kiss FM and Averyng Burbank Monday night. When a pickup backed up and hit her, the woman was pinned out of the truck, which then went forward and dragged her about a block police said. Duddy was stopped about a block away by police. Police said, Duddy didn't know the woman apparently did not attend the hit or right. Not nothing like backing up into a crowd. The radio station was hosting a special late night interview with Tinkerbell. The instinct singer is promoting his upcoming Soto album. Aren't you going to go out and buy that right away? I'm leaving right now. Yeah, if you're leaving right now, it's not because of the album because you're getting panicky. Don't get panicky now, okay. What is this? What is this invoice you just sent me? Any voice? Outlet's store purchase order. Oh, you know something? This is an ad. Can you believe this? This is the first time this has happened on my facts up here. Here's an ad like you get a bit of a home on your facts all the time. I don't know if you do, but I sure do. Yeah, sure. Outlet store purchase order from some joint in British clients. Surrey B.C. Well, stick that up your ass, baby. Purchase this, you idiot. How do you like that in the middle of this important radio show? And I hear the fact machine puked over here and I assume maybe it's something very, very urgent or important or not as the case may be. But at least like to have the chance. And it's an ad. Jesus, Kate Christ. Powder and Ohio tower from Nail Gun. This is another bit of nervousness to have the other day. The substance that was sniffed by bomb detecting dogs leading to the evacuation of a state office tower was a powder used in Nail Guns police, I guess today. No Nail Gun was found in the van where the two dogs detected the powder. But the company that owns the vehicle often uses 22 caliber Nail Guns with cartridges containing smokeless nitrate powder, state trooper Lieutenant Gary Lewis said. The search into our evacuation of the 41st toary James A. Road State Office tower, which houses about 4,000 people, came on a first anniversary of the 9, 11 attacks. The evacuation was ordered after a worker said the van's driver told her, I'm here to hide a bomb. Oh God. Where's the governor? As it relates to the agency. That nation provides us with anything like that in the car. But in this kind of heightened vigilance, I think that it is important to show that this system works. And I'm very proud of law enforcement officers across the state of the country very well. Great. And the citizen in Georgia deserves high prices as well. Governor's stone. She's the best. That's the initial follow-up. This is still ongoing in dusty. Yeah, we know that, Jim. Like we expected. What you're going to tell us? Nothing. That's what he's going to tell us. This guy is no longer the sawdust man. All he knows is he's trying to, he's in contact with his buddies in Dave County. Let us in. Let us in. Let us in. They're like trying right now to help Janet out. We'll find her if we we need 50,000 more dead people to vote. We'll find him because Janet's going to win by hook. Or more likely by crook. Because that's way more selections in the state go. I've been local. He's 50. He's 50. There are years on yours. He'll win. And. Fush. Fush. He'll tell. Present. Number 720. I'm like, wait, this song is a blow. This special leave of a lady in your life. By Jerry Lewis. Righty. When I meet you, I play. Yeah. Nobody loves dogs for yours. Maybe all in chipper. I love my sir himself. I've been never to go superstar in our day. Jerry Lewis. I don't get your favorite lady love song. I love you. Lady. Lady. Lady. A frog by six. Razz. And. And some amazing company of up 748 love songs. The or lady. Oh, this is really remastered in all performed by the masterful superstar. Jerry Lewis. I just can't get anybody to join me on K. Tell Reckon. I think they are very special. New to go pivier to the lady. You'll get this narrow split plastic. And. And. Good. Good. Good. It's Jerry. It's now in the old way. With a parent. We. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And. And.iggerund and. precursor. lovely. And a few. Five. Five. and 35. And one hundred. It's all yours for 17. He's the famous of the 32.95. And it's only from K-S-R-R-R. You can tell us K-S-R-R. We go. 3141 votes on our poll. Who do you think is the most dangerous person in the world of the George W. Bush 121? Seems to be pulled away again. Sodom who's saying 98, Osama, Yamama 55, the Pope 35, every Alcherone 17, and Yasurama Far, who's got 15. He's starting to move up on area. He's probably uncomfortable about it. It was almost amusing. You don't want to know what to laugh for cry. Were you listening to any of the audio from the question and answered the alert little impromptu press conference with Governor Jeffster? No. And one of the group-all reporters who has almost been a state of hysteria. Governor, what do you want to tell the people at home? You want to tell them to calm down and just relax? It's probably like that. I was going to have a stroke. So everybody out there just calm down. Okay, you don't get all bent out of your head. It's very free. Yeah, we'll be sure I'd just calm down. What an idiot this guy was. Just relax, okay. I mean, if for the world's going to end, believe me, we'll be the first one to know it. Email's allegedly tell more about Chew Bomb Mission. Court documents alleged that a Chew Bomb are Richard Reed. Remember him? Yep. Lovely looking guy. Used an email account to plot with an unknown associate and compose a will justifying his mission in the days before he tried to blow up a jet over the Atlantic. The email establishes and reads on words his expectation that he'll die doing his part of the ongoing war between Islam and disbelief prosecutors say in a brief, I'll late Wednesday, New West District Court. The filing quoted from the emails as they appeared including misspellings. The motion in support of the using the emails as evidence and reads trial also included portions of two FBI interviews. In those interviews, Reed told agency picked the US target because of military action against the Taliban and Afghanistan and has really treated a Palestinians. America is the problem without America. There would be no Israeli told agents. Anthony was arrested at Logan International Airport on December 22. Reed, 29, is scheduled on trial November 4th on charges that included tempted murder, attempted destruction of an aircraft and interfering with the flight crew. Reed, a British citizen allegedly tried to set fire to a nuclear as an American Airlines flight 63 from Paris to Miami. Airbnb piece of craft story, everything, depressing, everything, morbid, everything negative, everything embarrassing. It all comes back to San Florida. As we know he was subdued by passengers and flight attendants, taking into custody when the jet was rerouted to Boston and, of course, they took away his matches. Memo warned priest against meeting kids. This is in the same Pete Times today. In a 1994 memo, while the biases to St. Petersburg recently reassured Catholics that a new of no prior allegations of sexual misconduct by priest charge and may was sexually abusing boys, but there's always a button in these stories. In 1994, the Nazis discovered the Reverend Robert L. Schoffell had met along with children in areas where they weren't allowed. In a November 21st, 94 memo, one of Schoffell's supervisors worried about bringing children to a church wreck and re-end his room without other adults present. The memo was released yesterday by Penelid's prosecutors after a public's record request by the St. Pete Times. At the same time, Schoffell, 54, was assigned to Holy Cross Church in St. Petersburg, or a surfer 10 years ending in July 2001. His supervisor, on senior John F. told him in the memo, I'm confident that you did nothing more or were legal, but that this action was very impudent and potentially dangerous for your reputation that of the other priests in the record-marion all of us. Officials of the Nazis say young priests have a seminary school raised concerns with them after seeing Schoffell bring children to his wrecked memory. Maybe he was surfered in Schoffell, I pie, I think so maybe a little piece. Can't hurt. Two face charges in plain diversion besides the thing in Ohio, this was the other event that took place on Wednesday, that everybody was like kind of peeing their pants about. Two airline passengers appeared before a federal magistrate yesterday on charges they interfered with crew members on a flight that was never in two-fourds, with Arkansas. The men around suspicion on Northwest Airlines flight because they ignored, because one ignored a flight attendants request to leave a restroom and his traveling companion later insisted on using the same restroom according to an affidavit file with a complaint. I remember the story behind the other day said that the Rolex tree of the jamden there at the same time, which how he gets three people in the same turret on a plane. It's a powerful. I mean maybe three timis or three or a village-aiz possibly. If one of them is standing up on the turret. The pilot of the Vegas Bon flight landed in Western Arkansas where the men were detained Wednesday's flight was from Memphis, Tennessee. Authorities initially said the men were of Middle Eastern descent. US attorney Tom Gien said yesterday the men were of Indian descent. One of them at US citizen who were headed to Las Vegas for vacation. The prosecutor said he could find no ties among the men to any terrorist organization. The federal magistrate said another hearing next week for the two men grew deep wander for the eight of Pennsylvania and her render Singh for the one who was capturing Singh of Jersey. They made no statement in court except to answer questions that were returned to jail. They were appointed attorneys to other passengers initially detained were released. In the affidavit flight attend Deborah Summers said wander went to the restroom shortly after take off. She went to check on him. I wonder how to sure it off and was shaving with a disposable razor. She said he ignored four week quest to return to with sea. Summers said she became a lumber on Singh wanted to use the same restroom and she told him it wasn't working the affidavit said. The flight attend said she was concerned because she had been trained that an explosive device could be assembled from components carried by separate individuals. I saw it sweetheart. I saw it. Send him back to Bomb Bay or somewhere. Send the Sri Lanka. That'll teach him. So evidently they're running a spot now on CNN. So we can all take a breath and calm down you think? We can really cook. Well, no, because when I go to a commercial break, you know obviously there's not like breaking and impending. And yeah, if you know what I'm talking about. We're supposed to be in the 50th of July. Why do you ask? This is former vast president of the United States, Al Gore. I've recently poked my head out of the shadows of oblivion to take potchoss at the precedent. I have reappeared. Much like Pucks of Tony Phil, the Groundhog creature that reappeared each year to determine whether or not we'll have an early spring. I wish it to be known, but it was I who was responsible for saving the lives of those nine miners and pencil lenient over the weekend. I had asked the media to keep my name out of it as not to appear a spotlight hog. However, I feel the American people have a right to know the truth. Here's what happened. Upon hearing of this unfortunate accident, I'll race to the scene. I'll order myself into the mind using an old Ron Popeille pocket fisherman and some velling wire. Down, down, into the depths of darkness I seek. Never thinking of my own safety, but rather of the safety of those men on the ground. When I reached the miners, they said to me, hey, you're the gardener vented the internet, right? I said yes. We all had a mic's hard lemonade, which I brought with me down into the hole, and then we've sat around and re-enacted the fart scene from blazing saddles. How about you should know the truth? And now, much like the groundhog creature pucks the Tony Phil, I'll flank back into the darkness of oblivion until I am needed again. This is the allegor. Sleeper hero. You know, I don't think it was unistona at all. I think it was now. It was probably out of go over her those three scumbags, because he probably used to find him in shonies. From 56 to 560, we got the maddog at one hanks going to be longer three, five 30 is the day of one statue with Hank. Marlins on deck 630 is that season just refuses to win. Marlins in the Braves 705, and it came after baseball and ESPN radio, oh, are we desperate overnight? Okay, here's the recap on a story. Case you were asleep, in case you just wondering, let's summarize the whole thing. Which is a great idea. Yeah, what's going on? Official shut down a 21 mile section of alligator rally and detained three men in two vehicles early today after an alert about ledge plants to stay day terrorist attack in South Florida. Fomsmithing dogs ordered authorities to material in both vehicles, but no explosives were immediately found said EJ pickalo of the FDLE. Explosive charges were used to blast up one of the peer to be a backpack taken from one of the vehicles at mile marker 92 near Naples. No explosives were found in the bag. The information we have is very specific pickalo said, whatever that means. He said the three people in the two vehicles, both with Illinois license plates had not been arrested, but were being detained. They're not suspects. FOMA experts continue to conduct a careful search of the vehicles that was being broadcast live by CBS for another TV stations and copy and officials said one of the two vehicles had been declared clean of any explosives. This is from the Sun Sentinel website, so naturally they're promoting CBS for because that's their partner in crime. The two bomb squad technicians in hoods and protective blasts, it's removed a suitcase and plastic bags from one car and searched the interior and truck. A robot was also brought in to videotape the car and the items in the truck. The robot was also used to unload some of the items in the trunk. CBS 4 later attendedly identified the three men as medical students, they're from Jordan, Pakistan and Iran. All three are in the country legally, two of them are naturalized the TV station be seen. Also CBS 4 reported some of the items in the backpack that was exploded were believed to be medical related. One of the two cars stopped a black Honda registered to a man in a head over Park in Illinois, a suburb of Chicago. US law enforcement authorities have been on a heightened alert since Tuesday when the outside identified a high risk of terrorist attack on the anniversary of the night. I love you, I did. Early yesterday. I see that's wrong. Oh, that's wrong. It says early Thursday was early Friday because it was one o'clock this morning. There's a mistake in the Sun Sentinel and probably CBS 4 2. Early this morning, the FHP shut down a 20 miles stretch of I 75. Shortly after one of the vehicles were stopped in car in your county was still almost 12 hours later. Highway patrol said the road was blocked off from a tool moved east of Naples to state road 29. A spokesman for the FAA Southern District said some flight restrictions have been imposed over the scene. There's a temporary flight restriction place that they requested a color county sheriff department. And that is within a three-nautical hour radius of the location in question and below 3000 feet. The restriction meant only law enforcement or a craft under the direction of the sheriff department could fly in the area. One of the car stopped to pay the dollar tool county sheriff, Don Hunter said the second did not. Why did they keep saying the tool is a dollar? Am I wrong about that? It used to be a buck when you staff to pay it both ends, but now when you're coming back you don't have to pay the tool when you come to east. You only pay it. Right? You only pay it on a wire. I think it's like a buck at a half or two, but whatever it is. I could be wrong. Wouldn't be the first time in my life. And it's only nitpicking, but I just don't understand why they keep saying that. Anyway, the Georgia Bureau of Investigation had issued an advisory for the car's late yesterday after woman and her husband stopped either to show any restaurant in Calon County. In Georgia and the Northwestern part of that state, UNISTERNed whole police, she overheard them to three men and middle eastern descent discussing terrorist plans in English and Arabic last night. Uh, Wednesday night, the Georgia woman said the men were talking about a month of explosives and warned that Americans would cry on 913. She said the men talked in normal levels of table next to them and listened to a latest like structure. She said she heard them laugh about Americans in the morning 911 and said to your other alarming comments including, well, if they're morning 911, what are they going to do about 913? So just come down, relax Mark Prater, CNN, CBS Newsboard, the Sun Sentinel, everybody's got it on the control and I'm sure the man dog will straighten it all out for you. Bye bye!