Why are you festered? We won't be talking no more about hope. Is merely wig, face or his eyes each old? No, we'll place our bitch now and then, and that's just fine. We're gonna start at nine. We draw the line. We don't give a crap about that grandkish muck. With this vaining nose of pay people's buck. And these have till meal the scientific changes mine. Till then at nine. We draw the line. We're going. I know 2 at 5.60. I know 2 at 5.60. WQM happy Friday too. Well this week has been bizarre, you know? Yeah, fun though. It's been strange. It's been in and out and up and down. Yeah, well maybe up somewhere. Instage just in timbre like breaks foot cancels performances for the next two weeks. I'm fine, bye, bye! See we got a lot of good news for you today. Got to have Walmart thing a little later on? Good. You're going to be very pleased about that. A lot of stuff today, maybe a full plate, a full plate, heavy duty, get your fork and knife out. Speaking of fork and knife, Eric up there in Orlando, Carlos is going to be assisting you and to bring our website into the 21st century now, 20 second, 23rd century. Instage just in timbre like cancelled performances for the next two weeks after breaking one of his feet, the BBC reports. Timberlake, for recently released his solo album, Justified, has been rehearsing for an awards party sponsored by Smash hits magazine. You know, this is how you have to stop and pause when you say the name of that magazine. Smash hits magazine when injury occurred details were not available. He'd been scheduled a host Sunday's T4 Pullmaners party with Kelly Osborne, June Sarpong and Vernon K, who over the hell they are. But cancelled on the advice of his doctor. He said, bye, bye, bye! I am sorely disappointed, I guess that's just to play on words that I must miss my scheduled events, they 20 when your old singer said Tuesday. How come we're just getting this now? This is from, uh, I don't get this. Well, that's right, the Sun Sentinel, the Estadate, so they're like always a couple of days behind. By the way, Molly, I haven't had this great column about six months ago, it'll be in the Sun Sentinel over the weekend. However, I must adhere to my position as recommendations in rest I look forward to being able to perform again. Hope to see all my fans soon. Bye bye! Before Justin, sorry about that, Justin. Are we sorry for it? Oh, no, he's so crap. You. How'd that pull come out yesterday? And it just dawned on me, I was wondering why we really get our usual, you know, 900, 1000 votes, oh, we got close to 900. The God squad out there, the Jesus people, they're not going to be offended by that and keep in mind, I didn't invent this. Okay, I didn't invent this story about when Jesus comes back, what kind of vehicle would he be driving? Right. I didn't invent this whole campaign. In fact, somewhere in the pile, which I'm leaving, practically through here, there's a story about, uh, not the, uh, where to hell is it? It must be really big. There's a story connected with this about it's not your pops, old mobiles, something like that. Right, a hell is it? Jesus, Joseph and Saul, four million pounds of meat we called, passengers leave the ship from hell, and then we got to go to the, Disney, Anthony somewhere. Anyway, who's doing we asked yesterday? What would Jesus describe if he came back to worth? Who's Jesus? 201 of you he even bastard said that. And what we need a lot more he than bastards, I'll tell you that, now that he's right, we invite all the members of Ticket Over American, it's official. Wait till we get to that victory a secret, which inspired my pool today, just makes me nauseous. How asked back where the Americans went back into the stone age, the dark ages. And based on his whole foreign policy thing, now it looks like the bush mice during his crew of misfits, they want to take the whole world back into the dark ages. 886 votes, whose Jesus 201, he'd come back in a Cadillac for old Jews, 168 said that, and why not, right? Boy! And South Florida, that's the car of choice along with a big Lincoln gut and it'll, any big Jew can do, but especially Cadillac. He'd ride a camel 145, motorcycle 98, he could then eat the, have a good deal of pizza left on Thursday, guys. Wouldn't that be something? See in ponytail and Jesus sitting over our foregals of pizza, they had the same haircut. With Jesus' vehicle parked in the outside with his Harley parked right out there in front. South compact car to save gas 84, which is supposedly what this whole campaign is all about, to try to embarrass people into like, to try to be more economical and save gas. SUV speaking of that 78, hum V65 and Corvette 47 because I was trying to wonder why so few people said that. And when you see the way Jesus was depicted and the way he dressed even slotter than me, obviously he was not a man of great taste. He might have been a fashion plate for his day. How do we know? No, he was not. So the bottom line is he certainly wouldn't be driving a Corvette. We should have put Mustang on there that would have been a good choice, but you can't put a mall. So that's out of 800 of these six votes. Before I get to today's pool and that whole business, then I don't want to pick on Joseph Gacky too much. You know, but I do have to mess up that I'll take part of the responsibility for it. I don't know what Don Bailey, Jesus excuses. He's a great guy, but I heard about two, three minutes of that broadcast last night. And I've got to tell you right now. It's one thing to be boring and ponderous. And because I've been talking about that for so many years, maybe Joe has gone the opposite extreme. Maybe I've pushed him like over the edge. Everybody on their feet, 27 seconds ago. It's the first time we're dropped. Looking, looking, rolling. And so it's your break. It's your break. It's your break. Joe D. Roth was the intended receiver. And I'm too far. I'm right. Roth laid out for it. And it's in your plate. And Miami is going to win this one. They're going to hold on. And win this. We're taking performance. 28 to 21. Oh man, talk about needing doggy downwards. You know what? And Don Bailey, Jr. I don't have a clip of that vibe. Did here one. Where he's going. Come on. Come on. You guys going down the field. Gonna score a tough time. Come on. Come on. And it making mad dogs seem like he's in a coma. Just streaking in hysterical. Joe, you've got to tone it down a little bit. Every play of every game can't be hysteria level because it's, uh, that's just not the way you broadcast this morning event. Like, Cotic, Bush League. I mean, really embarrassing. Did I say that? Embarrassing. I like Joe. Like I said a lot. He's a good guy. But wow. Embarrassing. Himmelating. So anybody over the years who have ever worked the mad dog for being too much of a homer in too psychotic. Oh, like I said, he sounds like he's, uh, he needs to be poked into ribs in a waken compared to the stuff I heard last night. I heard a couple of minutes because I came in here one and hear the score. I'm ready shot by the way, Carlos. I thought they were going to kick their ass. And of course, to show it, they're not as good as everybody thought they were. Nope. They always start off slow. I don't know if it's that they can't get it up. They can't get it up. I hear that's a frequent problem at UM. Of course, don't be picking on them for a school that's only got like 40 or 50 students. They're doing pretty good to her cones. So they went that game. But boy, a lot closer and I thought it was going to be. Anyway, I know it pits really good. They are. They're not going to be there. They're warning. What? The number 19. I don't give a crap what they are. Okay. Well, after having seen the FSU game, which the Hurcunes deserved to lose in that Rutgers game, you know, somebody's got to convince these guys that the game is four quarters, not just to play when they feel like it. Maybe they're that good, you know? Let's make that excuse for them. They're that good that they just turned it on when they need to. Just enough to win. You know, like our, like, great race horse. We just wins by half a like all the time. Just, you know, doesn't want to over exert. You think that might be it? Could be. But excuse. Doctors are warning that laptop computers may inflict a burn even though even through clothes skin. It turns. After the bizarre case of a sweetest scientist who scorched his penis and testicles while writing a report in his armchair. The unnamed 50-year-old father of two adults, the computer in his lapwally wrote a reported home talking about taking him on hour to do it. According to a letter published in the next issue of the British medical weekly, the Lancet. And I guess that was what's he was doing. He was Lancet. The following day he started to develop painful blisters on his four skin and scroat, which became infected but eventually cleared up without the need for antibiotics. Laptop manuals usually advise users not to use the computer while its basis resting directly on exposed skin as he can build up at the devices left on for a long time. In this case, however, the patient had been wearing trousers and underpants. The tell should be taken as a serious warning against use of a laptop computer in a literal sense said the letters author, placed Gervain Austinson of the Department of Molecular Medicine at Stockholm's Carolyn's Ginstitute. How do you like that? He burned his testies and his stuff. His good. How could that have snuck up on him? Now giving the important stuff. Oh, now why do they show an ish on here again? Are you gotta be joking me? Michael Jackson, what is wrong with you people on CNN? Are you crazy? Are you out of your mind? Yeah. Certainly not news network. As victorious show in decent. This if you had any doubts, if you thought I was exaggerating yesterday when I told you that the game is over, the jig is up. Can I say that anymore? The jig is up. No. The game is over. Was victorious show in decent FCC commissioner calls for a review of standard as American continues taking big gigantic steps back into the stone age into the dark ages. You can't complain about the progress from making it on a this administration because we're not making any. As the goody two shoes, Bible, thumping, right wing, lunatics continue driving everybody back into the closet. Everybody back into closet folks. It's gonna start getting so damn crowded near you can only imagine what it's gonna be smell like. A top communications official yesterday called for an overhaul of the government's broadcast in decency standard as hundreds of complaints flooded as office about the Victoria Secret lingerie fashion show that aired on prime time national TV Wednesday night. Let me do the break and because I don't want to interrupt them. We'll do our poll about that. Aren't you nauseating? Now you said you saw say you've seen some of this stuff. What's the highlights? There were the highlights and and nothing like it like the story said that you read more tame than last year. Yeah. Nothing compared to what they show on the fashion shows as a matter of course like right obvious exposed nipples. Oh, that's right. I forgot nipples and uh... Blackthom cheeks nipples and cheeks are very bad. And of course anything between the naval and the knees of her boat. But that the nipples be really bad nipples are threatening to America make no mistake about it. They've killed millions. No. Ha ha ha ha ha. Drons are good. But nipples are bad. Just keep that in mind. Okay. You can see. Next time you get a little bit horny just start looking on the a tip of your uh... cold 45. Fear that is. Hey, if you love your home but you need more space what do you do? Do 100's of other people are doing cost strictly additions. Whether you have it a baby need another room if you're converting a carport or patio with living space. Maybe you went into a business for yourself and you might make a home orifice any of these things or any other things. The smart thing to do it. That's the case is cost strictly additions. Do you one stop shop more space for your place place with an absolutely worry for your approach to expanding your living space? Those no shows by the contractors won't happen with these people. No one complete work. No one expected bills. No worries about the job not getting done right because their perfectionist and they'll take care of every single last of tail for you. They drop your blueprints they get the building permits handle all the pain and the as inspections do. Strictly additions has got that easy that simple five step approach to total customer satisfaction. First they call to schedule a free project evaluation appointment at your home where a project estimated will determine the scope of your addition. Second schedule a bit of a moment in their convenience show where you get a detail proposal and an exact price for the work underline exact. Third select your finishing touches go to contract. Fourth review that is on architectural drawings and fifth sit back and relax. And just breathe easy as your dream edition moves ahead on schedule with unbeatable quality. Like I said there are licensed their insured professionals who want to do you I still pennished job like they did for George. Check out their ad the L.A. pages they serve all a Broward and South Palm Beach County. Tell that old Neil and PD Lenny told you to call Strictly additions for a Strictly pennished job every time called 954-791-8100. That's 954-791-8104 strictly additions. And then the first one is the first one. And then the second one is the second one. And then the second one is the second one. And then the second one is the second one. And then the second one is the second one. And then the second one is the second one. And then the second one is the second one. And then the second one is the second one. And then the second one is the second one. And then the second one is the second one. And then the second one is the second one. And then the second one is the second one. And then the second one is the second one. And then the second one is the second one. And then the second one is the second one. And then the second one is the second one. And then the second one is the second one. And then the second one is the second one. And then the second one is the second one. And then the second one is the second one. And then the second one is the second one. And then the second one is the second one. And then the second one is the second one. And then the second one is the second one. And then the second one is the second one. And then the second one is the second one. And then the second one is the second one. And then the second one is the second one. And then the second one is the second one. And then the second one is the second one. And then the second one is the second one. And then the second one is the second one. And then the second one is the second one. And then the second one is the second one. And then the second one is the second one. And then the second one is the second one. And then the second one is the second one. Nine, nineteen, how could I have forgotten today's November 22nd? Did you know that? Yeah, doesn't there have any significance to you? No, 39 years ago today. Who famous and 13 hoje today? Who got shot? Who was assassinated? 39 years ago today? Times with today? JFK? Oh very good. C-speak suspension again? diferenciac!in this show? Come on. Wow, just don't. I mean, because. Now that they finish with all the years. a Michael Jackson craft they find their putna son cnn on the certainly not news network i thought to myself i'll be down of course uh... that was a lee harvey as well done a dmg now of course not anybody with a brain knows that it was not him but yeah one of those things american public can't be confused with too much of the truth it's not good for us the government's been let us know what's good for us and we'll just say yes uh... knows it what are however that thing goes has that thing go you know what i'm talking about yeah yes it was a how that thing goes you got it goes like this juzzle ball's nose of ball's yeah like that michael cops one of the five commissioners at the fc c i seriously i i thought this thing i read yesterday which i am going to repeat today about a young americans getting a dngography i thought that's it me back away's this just makes me want a barf michael cops one of the ff the five commissioners at the fc c urges the agency to revise the definition of indecency and also look into whether it should be expanded to include a scene violent and profane programming the correct definition of indecency to me should be capturing for enforcement purposes some of these programs and it is not cops will be put during a briefing only having a positive enforcement actions against programming that is top of the and demonstrably indecency how i can hear this cops that he didn't watch the fashion show that are on vyecom and cbs television ever he didn't even see it right away he gave the party line response federal indecency rules bar the broadcast of a scene material and the ring of indecency material contains sexual or excritory references in a patley offensive manner i am strongly of the opinion we ought to be considering excessive violence is part of that definition he said a revision is sensitive it's delicate it's difficult to do that but i think we need to do that he said cops made the comments to reporters in his orifice behind a man is computer that were more than 300 emails from the public complaining about the lingerie fashion show this in a country of 270 million people by the way 300 emails some of the emails had subject lines that said when will this trash stop and victoria secret smutcher i tell you when it stops and that's when you turn it out on other show when you press your clicker what a concept you do that cbs air the show wednesday at nine p.m. consider a prime time viewing slotted victoria secret a unit of limited brands expense seven million dollars to produce the highly watched show last year Walt Disney companies ABC TV never here the fashion show and head about 12.4 million viewers the FCC received scores of complaints but said that they didn't demonstrate the sexual aspect of the material with so graphic or explicit as to be patley offensive a spokeswoman for cbs was not immediately available for comment cops yesterday also wondered if there was a link between the rise of what he described as more indecency in broadcasts and the consolidation in the media industry whether it was merely a simple coincidence separately the commissioner the loan democrat on the commissioner city would go ahead with plant school public hearings on the agency's review of ownership of the ownership of its an immediate even though the idea has not once supported from FCC chairman Michael Powell son of secretary of state colon poll i just mentioned in passing the FCC is reviewing limits and how much of the national television audience one entity should be allowed to reach limits on local radio station concentration and ban on some common ownership of tv radio stations or telephoto station and a newspaper the agency hopes that a proposal for the commissioners by the spring of next year i don't see how hearings would lay the process would make the process lot more comfortable to the other yada yada but they if thrust of this the crux of it is we have to have a new standard for indecency and we don't want to see no more breast and certainly no nipples on your tv screen okay because they got 300 emails you ready for that no i'm not ready for it three hundred emails wow yeah from people whose clicker evidently maybe their batteries ran low under pacemaker and their clicker too that's like the old people in half of one condo and halendale right we're offended by that when will this trash stop like i said when you turn the channel then you don't have to be exposed to it if you don't like cartoons don't watch him if you don't like horror shows if you don't like cop shows like George don't watch him very simple there's 80 billion channels even somebody with a rabbit ears now living in the the view sky will get 16 different channels and most of us get about 400 channels even if you only have digital cable so what's the problem okay if you don't like it turn it off here's the poll that i don't want to get whipped up about it but it just frost my hands oh don't forget joined George tomorrow 11 of one of these singular wireless look ahead and haven't sure at 20335 is canvillard 20335 is canvillard stop by to win prizes registered when up front tickets drop coming panther's hockey game that's tomorrow 11 of one with George needs the cash here's the poll today does tv show too much new to the and indecent material we got five nifty choices for you yes it needs to be stopped no just about the right amount hell no i want to see much more too much violence not enough sex or if you're offended by any show change the channel stupid i think they're five pretty good choices there oh you're giving me tough choices oh those tv show too much new to the and indecent material yes it needs to be stopped no just about the right amount hell no i want to see much more too much violence not enough sex or if you're offended by any show change the channel stupid how long is the public gonna sit back and continue to put up with this crap more and more censorship more and more repression more and more uh 15th century thinking and a public just sit back and boom boom like that like i said the right wingers man they're whipped up into a frenzy see that's the thing the town dash will understand why he's whining about rush limba on this one and that one he don't get it those people with the luck and we're not like i've been telling you all week long they're motivated they're highly motivated they're rabid they're filming at them out they're doing something they're activists they're involved they're making things happen they're taking over to god damn country follow rest of the people are like that that's one of the reason that filled on a huge got a point 60 side of fact he's been off the air for 20 years nobody knows who he is anymore under the age of 100 plus the fact he's old funny daddy and does a good show about once every two months but other net there are no liberals left liberals have been very effectively been intimidated and put back into the closet that's right it's unfashioned it will be a liberal in america and so you just dummy up and let all these other people do their thing and uh you know that's it that's the way it goes while arrest you folks get though whatever's left over whatever these people decide you can have we what you can see what you can read what you can touch and that's it look at the tremendously phenomenal response we get on this program i heard that we're talking last night on cron uh softballs with your buddy Chris Matthews about that whole uh national limbo thing yeah and the fact that a matter is that uh and then we're talking about nationwide how many liberal uh talk host of any note are there and it couldn't come up with anybody i mean you got me on this one little pukey radio station in Miami on his sports station but we're talking about a nationwide voice name me one name me one prominent liberal talk show host in america yeah i'm talking about on radio forget about the next is 927 at 560 wq a m Tom leave it in halapani xgmcr proud there please this punch to announce the great neo-rogies deal deal 0% sale how many more times can you say neo yes with a true credit from gma c gets you 0 per uh 0 down payment and 0% financing on all 2002 and 2003 pony xgmc models plus 0 payments or take your rebate of up to five grand the choices yours and is always in halap zero hassles don't forget to mention you heard about all these things on the neo-rogies show the neo-deal and say even more check out the complete line of gmcs of even including the unworthy big gas cuz those that Jesus would be embarrassed by the times not voted by motor trend is the SUV of the year and they are new party agvabas ub that's got the part of a sports car and really putes out the gas hell it's also got a stupendus unbeatable selection of dependable use cars trucks and SUV's right there on the lot and as far as credit is concerned if the worst deadbeat that ever came down to pike no problem in halap they will cut you a deal it's the great neo-deal 0% sale going on right now as i speak and halapati xgmc you'll find them in the sacred place they've been doing it right for over 35 years 134 a one south tixi highway that's u s one across from the falls open every day seven days a week for more information about this new neo-covineeldeo hotline toll free one triple eight five three four forty two eleven that's one triple eight five three four forty two eleven halapati xgmc we b professional grade and local this is sport for you by six why are you fasting hi this is Janet Jackson and my new album sucks so i've got one of those here you got that coffee hot see as i said it news me i love coffee and a must see they can't be back at that's why i'm opening up my chain of coffee and a places called starbucks see starbucks starbucks we've secretly replaced canis coffee with piping hot forjo's crystals one you got those gloves on see oh i've got coffee ah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah nine thirty two five sixty w to q a m the beast oh my god the beast gets a big blurb in jim sarnish column in the sun sent alas morning and of course next Thursday a week from my yesterday Thanksgiving day since all rest of us are taken a well deserved day off are we yes we are monocarlas Carlos will be there in fact it'll be a real treat Carlos working with somebody's unprofessional as the beast if jim sarny writes beast a beauty of a reporter it says brand London is and he room he's kind of sidelim reporter London who covers the sidelons on university of my new football broadcast on q a m is better known as the beast ah he's not jill ariton said you and play by playboy's josegaki i look more like any devito stuttend double said London 26 was elevated the sidelim reporter this season in addition to working the pre game and post game shows the beast fits my personality he'd be saying long to the nineteen ninety eighty-eight you have graduated with has been around the teens for the past nine years working first for w v u n the campus radio station familiarty breeds truss his jim sarny i don't think i could have uh do the done this job if the players and coaches didn't trust me said London a native of linfield mass i've been around for a while and the team is comfortable with me said sideliner port is have always been a source of debate rony the sixty minutes commentator doesn't like women on the job someone i'm suggesting the restreaneous sideliner port is our important said London who won't get an argument from broadcast meets the gaki and on valley the hyperactive ones who both start out as sideliner port is before moving up to the boot the guys in the boot can have all the stats and information but they don't know what's going on on the bench on the eyes and ears of joe and on the fan said the beast was become a tough figure on w q m thanks in part ankle bergeneer rangers that is nicknamed for mis tennis playing days in high school i was a junior john knacken wrote a horrible temper in one day a precondition to be explained tennis uh no oh my god i was a junior john macken wrote a horrible temper in one day a practice our coach who hardly ever said a word just said there in a tweed jacket smoking a pipe suddenly screamed start playing and stop acting like a beast on the set mimic name stuck i'll see i never knew that did you know that i thought it was just an apparent state well there you go London who work on you and basketball bra casper like to host a morning talk show some day oh my god i didn't even read that part of this he liked host a morning talk show some day a capital idea but he also has musical ambitions it's a fans vim to be on the sidelines but i love to play drums in a reggae band said London who played in a band deep water blues a mix in a van and the dead in high school and also marked in the u.m. band i like to entertain people he said how do you like that the beast is looking to move in and do a morning show is what he said what good little practice next Thursday i'll be doing this show on Thanksgiving Day from nine to one five six seven oh five sixty i'd like here from some people actually saw that victory secret i'll show the other night or deeply offended and wounded by it or not when you like here about that since we didn't read it here's a lady in Miami hello oh hey Neil yes man you know i think Randy wrote this is a chronic hell let's have chronic oh yeah go away five six seven oh five sixty we don't do chronic on this show okay call up by the god is you and you mom we're not talking about Randy roads or dusty roads or a faulty towers or any of that stuff okay get with it five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the see what i'm saying about the right wingers if somebody wanted to get them whipped up into a frenzy they could have four million people calling a white house in screaming and belly again about victory a secret and CBS needs to have their license yank and about the too many of boobs on TV and nipples and whatever nipples and bits here's candle hello candle hello yes sir hey good morning the other one is the as for i watch the other night and i picked man across that victory secret show and i i i really just watched about you know put through it and i watch for the lack of the clothes like as you could say yeah and and we were gonna say were you offended by it no sir not at all because i mean if you ever seen a bus keep model or i mean they're not that way there they're like a tweaky thing and uh it didn't do much for me they showed some like dental floss they you know like the back side and uh maybe a couple nipples or whatever but it didn't do much for me i see more on this famous channels and uh you know just i don't understand it but i mean you know i mean they're looking stuff there it was that it's for Tory secret if these people don't know what what Victoria secrets about maybe they should stop them and uh and see when these places this is just like yeah yeah that's about the truth and i think most of these people at some of the emails need to get laid i think that's their problem i think they need to get a life yeah you know i mean uh it it wasn't that bad and uh if people knew what this what what it was all about and they didn't they could change the channel like if i don't like you guys someday i'll change the channel but you know most of the time i don't know i'm gonna have to know everything everything's going just i don't know why they want to be complaining you know but you can't please everybody okay good day pal and don't change our channel please 51 votes already the poll is up there's TV show too much nudity in the decent material if you're offended by any show change the fn channels stupid 33 you said that out of 51 hell no i want to see much more eight too much violence not enough sex eight yes it needs to be stopped one and no just about the right amount none 567 0560 i guess we don't have anybody in the audience who saw Victoria's secret the night just not because but he did he does have a good point though and that is that most of those models are like uh they do look like must we being anorexic like they're on the care and carpenter diet here's a hell andale hello hell andale you have to unlock it you gotta come down you're a little bit too hyper okay just relax pal andale hello css you all those other lines flashing and curlis is worried about whether i should unlock it whether i should stick the key in somebody's back to them just get those people on hold Carlos i can't want to start playing bush boss but instead of giving me instructions just get these people going here because it's a little bit frustrating you know what i'm saying you follow us just got that again though that's why everybody just dropped off we did have what do you mean the phone cracked out again it did a thing we're not having another q a m technical difficulty are we no no that's not gonna be happy no boy not on this station here's vocalo i think it's that screen called out uh hey be um the thing of the story of secrets you know absolutely ridiculous if the government can spend one second even worried about something like that with the craps it's going on in this country yeah we're under purple alert and we're worried about uh all these spectacular attacks by alkana and we're worrying about the couple of nipples maybe gets you on tv yeah i mean you're really as to you can just take that religious conservative part out as the conservative party you know i could almost like get into it because it's that part of it you know that makes me hate it you know i'm like that although that's not part of it that's the heart and soul of it that's where it's that today that's what it's all about unfortunately yeah it's a trace of the other thing you're getting to be a portion issue the uh stem shell research craft that is right you know by his religious views and i i'm a hate that part of it you know but the other stuff we on militarily i hate to think what would happen if you did have you know gore and there is president right now i just don't know who would have been you know i don't know i just don't know what would have happened i would stress i just i just feel like that the um you know that's part of it i wish that was a party that could be conservative but it would take the religious part of it just run on the hell out of there okay good luck to you sir i'll see you at the border five six seven oh five six do you see i don't like this little box you know when you drop on here's like a pause is like i don't want to belly a technical again but to just one of those things you know i'm saying no what he said i'm saying it blows twenty till ten at five sixty w q a m is rob i thought we're gonna have like a real swell show today i hope we're gonna like what why just because we have because things have been going so swimming well most days this week would accept to wednesday which is a little bit psychotic but you know that's one of those things but uh i don't know but then we have these technical glitches and it's uh it's not too good and it's very frustrating and but why should i my shen expect any different like all of a sudden these people are gonna wake up they're gonna wake up and stuff the dappinals they just don't give a flying crap that's all they don't care so don't be bitching about an in-time in a future because you get what you deserve you sit back and let all these other nutcases they're all organized they're all like emailing each other and they're all uh you know doing this and doing that and creeping this and creeping that and creeping here and creeping there they're under your bed they're on your goddamn walls and there are still the public is sitting back what they're finger up their ass i don't get it how can there be so many stupid people which leads me back to that thing again about the uh the uh young people not having any clue where to go to the MUS is on the map or their asses thanks given's coming i'm not doing a wrong spot i'm way ahead of myself you want to know why because i'm going to fire really move fast then this whole thing by ten and look this is for trivial by six you'll ride you don't just something about it when i inhale it's like uh wow dude kind of sucks though when i see it pops in your eye it's a real bummer you you just hold it roll it tight i'll put that through the tumour flame now i'm a grassy eye timbre lake and funny things go through my brain as we would happen one minute ago i won't remember taking another trophy ashes make light shows the falling embers by my bye bye yeah the TVMA before the show started said you may be offended this that the other yadiyada and it was not i mean i've seen worse i'm a discovery channel but you can you see worse you seem better i mean i can't tell you that because now they're going to go after the discovery channel yeah they're tracing the call okay thanks see this this is the this is what you people have been conditioned into believing that somehow the human body is dirty again they so dirty it's that same old craft again and here we are it's 2000 freaking two and you go to any other country and western europe and on over the year i'm not even talking about cable channels over the air channels you'll see not only new to the but you'll see portal flicks on over the air channels in Russia because the readings were so crappy they put the broad on here to do the news in the weather in the naked ever that yeah that had to be at least four five years ago at least and what do we got going on here all there's a fashion show with some scantley clad the babes in lingerie and the FCC's going to clamp down pretty soon we won't even be able to see anything just hello and goodbye and that's it how you be doing and how you but ever how that goes and there is no way to get to you i'm sure not going to do it on this show it is dead as audience wiga with this crowd of uh lethargic walking dead the only thing they get up whipped up in southward about like i've told you for a hundred years is if they can find something for free or a good deal on the early bird other than that forget about it sit back and whining and complaining and moan and oh gee what are we gonna do maybe get off your dead ass okay every time you take a poor do anything in this country right away all these right wing uh wing nuts the ronner and they're emailing each other and around the phone and they're uh coming out of their closet under the bed they're making noise okay it's the greasy wheel that how's that thing go the squeaky grid squeaky beast to get the grease that's right here's west palm beach hello west palm said in it yeah here's hollywood hello hollywood hey hey hey hey okay uh yeah i thought i thought i was like it was uh i thought i thought it was out Wednesday night i was like i called to we're talking about it and that he goes black the whole thing i think put it this way that commercial still got a stuff yeah and uh you know what music and the job everything we are about it and you're right they do show better stuff up in Europe and they do show in this country itself okay thanks you hear that they show better stuff it's not a question of better stuff or worse stuff don't you but they don't understand it they just don't get it you've been repressed for so long you don't get it you don't understand it there is nothing wrong with nudity there's nothing wrong with human body there's nothing inherently filthy about it they and look at that the phone just scrapped out again no good i'm using the right now who the was in there doing much screw around the phone again figured out uh geez holy or don't be dick him with our phone when you're pleased you wasn't digging with it go and have a posturami sandwich please he's just looking he hasn't touched anything he must have the evil look he must have had that evil spell because he looked at it all of a sudden every line was lit up under they all vanished and i heard some kind of like uh on a phone there maybe was holy or did that do you think he did it he did something if he did that you'd have been you'd have been scattering already i guarantee that with the volume of crap that he's scattering yeah five six seven I see there you go again the FCC will be on our ass because you said scattering say how you said that to say it that way you're not supposed to pause in there fell's wrong with you scats awful that was George done that here's land ten hello hey Neil yes sir gone about the Victoria thing you know if they're one if they want to stop me to do what that stuff violence then like the Miami Dicti football the NFL let's go after that of course you can't be the dolphins because they don't have any violence so there to you but anyway but anyway yeah what it would what about all the other programs like uh the sopranos you know let's get that off the air you're going with the Iowa dramatic killing people this is not the guy with the eyes this is not the guy with the eyes what's wrong with you George but he is boring god is he ponderous when somebody says but anyway huh no bad I mean you know right off the bat that even he's bored by his call when a guy in the middle of his sentences but anyway anyway what what is happening with this phone system it's really up it keeps resetting itself and why is that because it's tell us because we've been doing a little little too well lately we've everything has been going a little bit too smoothly and I can actually hear the call is we actually been getting some which we had many today but they're not staying on there because the phone is after because it's the QA map and why well anyway I'll take the time just to read some of this crap from the ADA the American DECENCY Association Victoria secret soft-core and porn special by Bill Johnson as in don't be touching your Johnson ADA we see the number phone calls and emails alerting us to Victoria's secret highly publicized fashion shown November 15 which of course was moved ahead till the Wednesday but I guess it's on in here this is earlier I had a chance to review the tape I can only once again say how concerning is that more and more toxic images he rotisism permeate our airwaves many young men and women in their teens and twenties are surrounded by such uninvited and invited displays of images portrayed as normal yet laden with ingredients that suddenly undermines the very roots of their morality and I would be letting many off the hook to suggest if this is true only for the young clearly this is not just a problem for the adolescent at ADA we're going to shamily believe in boycotts Victoria's secret has been on our boycott list for several years there are naysayers there are always naysayers some say boycott in company that merriysel's lingerie is silly Victoria's secret fashion show merely affirms the reason why we target them as a business that should be avoided the aggressively user rotisism to market their product angle ADA is administrative assistant shared with her middle school age daughter are concerned with Victoria's secret fashion show her daughter responded that it was viewed by numbers of kids in the middle school tall 13 and 14 year olds oh my god so what harm is there in such a one hour special every nine p.m. on a week that you ask let me count the ways he says he's got a list of three then he's got a list of action needed with all these addresses the disney corporation Stephen born stein yadi aria course the disney corporation in er at this last time it was CBS Phillips electronic North American corporate sediment so on let us count the ways one with cameras focusing closely on bouncing protruding breast and cleavages isn't it's somewhat of an o-brainer uh when you got those cameras zooming in there on bouncing protruding boobies isn't that like good and the tender right off the bat yeah that's all we're talking to men to men how many of us have once upon a time struggled with lust self-pleasuring masturbation leering how many have been addicted to pornography and or sex how many of us have grown dissatisfied with our mates as we have compared our wife to look as some hot model and growing dissatisfied how many have had adulterers affairs in thought and in reality even if you're thinking about it see even if you're looking at Brittany on here on a tiffsy spot thought about it you're an evil doer to women how many young ladies even young girls age 10 and even younger compared themselves to the eroticized looks of models like those who strutted across the states for a victorious secret and as you've compared yourself in the eyes you come up short yeah I can say that how many of you tried to recreate yourself so that somehow you'd be sexy sexual the insecurities and inadequacies that emanate from such comparison must be incredible how many young women inadvertently learned to sell themselves short and in the process sell settle from much less than they should like maybe only 40 bucks if a man orals then they think it's love and fall into a pattern of primarital sex to please a man who doesn't love them but certainly enjoy sex how many foolishly have believed that they were lovingly were merely sex toys for a season and it goes on there's more to be continued whitewater day oh talking about how bumper ceiling 95 art rail when suddenly with the bullet tentant dish up onto the screen came his partner and bishop she said this just end to our witness news it's governor martina then the two lives who will have more distale comment up at 5 13 people them from the stores because they've so dirty oh they're so dirty oh they're so dirty oh they're so dirty they curse all the time oh they're so dirty so so dirty oh they're so dirty they curse all the time father had heard the album and he was a fall decent thank you Janet Reno I'm glad that you're called we've got some take off stand I guess this 13 rhyme besides it's really cool to election time his broward judge friends said I will not fail you'll sense her any mention of Janet tailed you their selling sex to kids going through to vertie the two live crew yeah they so dirty oh they're so dirty oh they're so dirty oh they're so dirty they curse all the time oh they're so dirty so so dirty oh they're so dirty they curse all the time he kept crap of but to show he had guts the most of the people said this guy is a pus he read the land of that noise pollution even though it went against the constitution and what did look to do during all of the job so 10,000 more copies at 1295 people are the brand who mercedes it's really pretty driving into the bank because he's so dirty oh they're so dirty oh they're so dirty they curse all the time oh they're so dirty so so dirty oh they're so dirty they curse all the time that'll 3560 man the power of this show you know it is incredible take a look at that full man and that bears access what I was saying isn't it yeah right haha I'm sitting here getting all whipped up and screaming but they know it's it kills him good time 141 votes on a pool this TV show too much nudity and indescrib material 141 votes 89 save you're offended by any show changed the fn channel stupid 23 say hello I want to see much more 21 said too much violence not enough sex yes it needs to be stopped seven and now just about to write them out none nobody said that just like the number of calls we got zero oh 26 and a half years for this look I said to the color the other day and you can believe it or not I really don't give a crap because it's the truth it's only for the money that's the only reward doing the show in south for only for the money yeah you need that out yeah I got an outlaw for you okay black them and here's what's coming for not a single call on that board but they come to take all your asses away okay I'll be an Amsterdam now kind of leader Abel on the jury the number of chief evaporation in the person golf has been captured there was some good news yesterday finally courty US government officials alnessuria suspected mast amount of the destroy US's cool bombing in October 2000 was captured in an undisclosed country earlier this month days ago I think was 13 days ago this event and it is in US custody he's the highest wrecking out cut operative captured since the CIA FBI and Pakistania 30's captured in large operations chief Abu Zubid in the Pakistan in March US officials had recently said a senior al-Qadli had been caught but they declined to identify him on Sunday home on security directed comrades had leader was providing information to his interrogators he was spilling the old steins alnessuria's ins but I was suspected the number of other about cut at service plots included the 1980s African embassy bombings one of the suicide bombers is the attack on the narrowbie embassy known as a zam is believed to have been his cousin alnessuria said to be either Saudi or Yemeni are you like that young Americans get D in geography I'm gonna read this again just to make me feel better even though maybe nobody in the audience wants to hear it again I want you to listen on every word okay and if the full fits bear it that's my comment to you it's just it's disgusting it's the flating it's pathetic it's sad just like the story I had yesterday about the failing grades the worst the the worst graduation rate of high schools anywhere in the country in South Florida in the state of Florida and uh with a little over you we're elected jabies doing such a good job easy education governor huh all I have to do is raise the specter of uh taxes of having to pay in another dime in tax in the state that's got no state income tax in the first place and that's all you have to do just make up a story alive of the public and that's what it takes young Americans may soon have to fight a war in Iraq but most of them can't even find that country on a map the national geographic society said Wednesday the survey points to increasing geographic illiteracy reports CBS news correspondent Peter Mayer on a world map young Americans could only find seven of 16 countries on a quiz many could not ten points specific states only about one in seven 13% of Americans between the ages of 18 and 24 the primate for military warriors could find Iraq the score was the same for Iran and Iraqi neighbor maybe that's because it's so small although the majority 58% of the young Americans surveyed new that the Taliban and al-Qaeda were based in Afghanistan only 17% could find that country on a world map another small one our US led forces attacked the Taliban al-Qaeda that's the goes on to say we were quite stunned to find out that these people didn't know where Iraq was to re-garse you of national geographic magazine told CBS radio station WBZ it demonstrated to us not really lack of basic geographic skills but also a disengagement a turning inward almost an isolation is tendency those results are stunning in many ways discouraging just like this show is to me discouraging national geographic society president John Faye told a Washington news conference calling it an apparent retreat by young people from a global society in an era that doesn't allow such a luxury while 911 may have changed many things it hasn't changed the insularity are very young people he said the survey has 56 geographic and current events questions of young people in nine countries and scored the results with traditional grades the survey Americans got a D with an average of 23 correct answers Mexico ranked last with an average score 21 just 3 points from a failing grade topping the scoring was Sweden with an average of 40 followed by Germany in Italy with 38 none of the countries got an A which required average scores of 42 answers are better on the 56 questions asked national geographic is convening an international parallel policy makers and business immediate leaders the five ways to improve geographic education and to encourage interest in world affairs the society said cultural and media influences get the blame in a credit for geographical knowledge young people are more elected locate CBS survivor island can find Afghanistan erect or new jersey experts reaching new teaching researching new teaching methods it could take years to close the knowledge gap years like about 100 the survivor shows location was the mark cases islands in eastern south Pacific it says is if we care other findings from the survey and this is the part that just not to make you throw your arms in here just like me with his show just throw your arms up and here's a to how with it you know effort but you just feel that way is every now and then all the time what what's the point what's the use try to break through to the goddamn masses out there well what's what's the point why's will be sitting here talking to myself rubbing my big toe how are that exactly other findings from the survey when asked to find 10 specific states on a map of the US only California and Texas could be located by a large majority of those survey both states were correctly located by 89% of the participants only 51% could find New York the nation's third most popular states and one of the biggest and most uniquely shaped states right there on that map on a world map Americans could find an average of only seven of 16 countries in the quiz only 89% only this this is the part that's enough to make you want to lie down on a floor and just stick your head up your ass lay down on a floor and just a little calistetic and stick your head deep inside your rectum ass only 89% of the American survey could find their own country on the map all right probably because it's so small you know right probably because it looks more like you know a lot like France and Sweden Mexico Peru and it's not like you know in a conspicuous location either no in the world map test Swedes could find an average of 13 of the 16 countries Germans and Italians were next to the average of 12 each only 71 only 7% of the survey Americans could locate on the map the Pacific Ocean the world's largest body of water probably because it's so inconspicuous worldwide 3 and 10 of those survey couldn't correctly locate the Pacific Ocean although 81% of the survey to American knew that the Middle East is the Earth's largest oil exporter only 24% could find Saudi Arabia on a map and like I said yesterday probably because it's so tiny yes and it's got such a you know not a script shape and it's lost in there all among all those other countries yeah that they don't know the international survey was conducted for the National Geographic by Roper ASW the results are based on face to face interviews how face to face all boy talk about hiding your posts with least 300 men when women aged 18 to 24 and Canada France Germany Italy Japan Mexico Sweden Britain and the US of A United States of Asininity the question is when local language but the content was all the same I'm savannis for post theory I'm going to wipe my back home with it is what I'm going to do only 89% of these 18 to 24 year olds in the US could find the United States on the map wow 12 it's after 10 of 5 60 WCM thanks heavens come and next Thursday everyone's going to be flocking home to be together again can we say flocking they're going to be gathering gather around the table with delicious homemade food and family conditions after all it's not the turkey that makes the meal special it's the people getting ready for the hungry guests can be a real pain in the arse especially if they're going to be staying overnight if you have a hospital for thanks giving like dynamatris make your holiday preparations a little bit easier now's the time to call and one hundred mappers and get that new mappers in before the house gets get there if they are ready to do that they're coming or even if you don't hear from the mental the night before makes no difference because dynamatris can deliver a top quality silly certissons or king col mappers the same day you be calling them i've been sleeping on a dial mappers for years look how lovely i look call dial mappers right now at 1-800 macros and talk turkey with a bed and console the choose from the very best mattresses it even better prices rest easy this thanks giving it's coming soon baby next Thursday knowing that everybody's sleeping comfortably get ready for the holidays right now do it this weekend by calling 1-800 macros that's 1-800 mATT RES for dial mappers and be sure and tell them that old meal and fat boy told it to call 1-800 mATT RES brand the embeds same day service call them now and be sleeping like a baby tonight we're sports video 5-6 for you yeah mom baby come play with these titties make your queen me with our bright mind fun chance for all i'm a hero my piece is a monkey he's a monkey where all my kids now we're done well man who will be hey we just know food raw prawns we're doing some friends we'll be no have a chill and we are bad then we'll lay down scratch our butt that watch you I'll turn red oh i'm a hero my piece is a monkey he's a monkey we're all monkeys though they want and want to be a dog at cat hours oh You know, hey, hey, hey, hey, you know, I just saw that train, you know, you want some more extra gifts, you know, let us all of that and I get all whipped up into a frenzy and then I say, when's that check coming a couple of days? I think Monday. Isn't Monday, P.A. Tuesday, I think Tuesday. Thursday, 25 Monday. Monday. I know it is Monday. You know, you better start learning about your payday's, Mr. because as much as you're making, uh, you had a stretch it out till Tuesday for get about it. Yeah, I'm putting it to consideration. How long it'll take for the check to clear. Yeah, in your case? Well, 567560, P on 560 on a AT&T in Verizon wireless line. Why couldn't there be somebody on the air somewhere? And couldn't be me. That's for them. Sure, why couldn't there be somebody on the air who, uh, you know, who could counter the Russia Limbaugh's and the Gordon Litties and the, uh, Ali Norths and all these other right wing assholes. Huh? Why can't there be somewhere with a voice to say enough of it already on you. Goody to shoot. Bible, something assholes. If that's the way you want to live your lives fine. But don't keep trying to force it down. Everybody else's throat. Don't keep trying to dictate to where everybody else, how to live their freaking lives. What to watch and what to think? That's what America was supposed to be all about. But not in their America. Their America is we're all supposed to think like them. No, I take that back. We all have to think like them. Not to post it. Right. Musta. No one has to musta. And I should have known for that. Damn, and I said every day since we started taking calls again, the first call is usually a pretty good barometer. Have we done that? Right. The tone. Now, what was that? Which crazy brood was it today? The dick was right. That was the ditty brood? Yeah, no, that's not a hair. Go away. Get yourself some help. Go back in a rubber room. Don't show you where it is. Huh? That's Gilbert's girlfriend. Oh, no. What did I tell you about? Talk radio. About the colors. Well, we want the colors. The colors are what it's all about. And the look what's happened. Look at all the tremendously spots you're getting. Now, how that you're back when it calls again. Quit reading them bedtime stories. Okay. I don't really give a flying crap. You're going to see some real changes made. Mr. just like Eric up there in Orlando. He's going to see some changes to when I website said I have a name. The blandest the most lame ass website that anybody in the on the air in the world is got. Carlos is going to start the interfering. I mean, getting involved. We're going to have some links on there. Gonna spruce spray that up. I mean, Jesus. I look at guys that are like on a five-watt station in Portland, Maine somewhere. And they got a more elaborate more exciting website that it gives people more reason to like, hop on it. Okay. It's more money in his pocket. Is it for more meals? Is that what that means? Links. Here's a lady in how you with. Hello. I do like my links. Hello. Yes, ma'am. Yes. I've been listening to you show on very nervous because I never cried to you before. But I'm nervous too. But anyway, I just want to give you my perspective on the Victoria Secrets show. Yeah. I shop in Victoria Secrets. I'm in my late 40s, but I am a Victoria Secrets shopper and so on my daughters. I thought the show was great. I see more nudity on the beach. It doesn't have been there. I've been travels all over the world. Right. And I think the whole thing is ridiculous. I mean, they walk around more naked on Hollywood and beach and south beach. I thought the show was fun. And I like it. And I wear those type of things. I think anybody who's offended needs a lot of me. I mean, something is terribly wrong with what's going on with people nowadays. And I just wanted to let you know that there are people out there women who don't feel offended and enjoy your show. And I think you're great anyway. And I'm glad that you're doing what you're doing because what's going on is so pathetic right now. So I just wanted to do it. Okay. Thanks. Okay. Have a great weekend. See she was very nice. She's a little bit nervous, but nevertheless. And she's shopped in Victoria Secrets. She's not like some teenager. She's not some pervert. She's a nice lady. That's got daughters. They shopped Victoria Secrets. Okay. And they buy lingerie and they do this. And they do that. And they might even have sex. Oh, look at a while. Everything is dirty. Everything is evil. This whole business. Like I made that list the other day. You know, in fact, I think I saved that. I saved that list. Yeah, here it is. Those right wingers, what are the people who control America today, both the government and the mentality of it? They love guns. God, fetuses and Republicans. They hate fags, women, Democrats, abortions and sex. Unless they're the ones having it and enjoying it. But other than that, they hate it. nudity. Evil. It's dirty. It's filthy. And how many times do I ask the question about what is it about a nipple that makes that like, I mean, you see guys on here all the time of their shirts off. Thank the Lord. I mean, we see that. Right. Bating suits. Anybody screaming about, oh, we saw that guy's nipple. And it was erect for him as a matter of fact. Why is it that a woman's nipple somehow is so much more inflammatory to the FCC and the religious right wrong. I'm not going to call him or religious right anymore. The religious wrong. Because something comes out of it. Yeah. Yeah. I don't come out of your mouth, too, but they don't mean we don't stop looking at it. Something comes out of your nose. Huh? Yeah. Are we afraid to see people's noses on here? I don't think so. Something comes out of there. Well, some noses are quite a pornographic looking. Yeah. Yeah. That's right. Clinton's came real close. In fact, you know, something I wouldn't be surprised if these right Wingers if Jimmy Durante came back to the, they probably, and how about the, what's the name of the, they'll be able to be here. And they'll be here. You try to show us, sir, no diversion. Oh, they're going to, they're going to chop his head. And how about Pinocchio, huh? It grows. Remember they kept showing Bubba there and his nose kept growing. And quite frankly, I actually saw that. I knew his nose was growing. That's what Monica said. I kept growing and getting a bigger. Wow. I just, I just, I just, I just, I just so frustrating to me. And for example, here, what's the legal age to buy cigarettes? 19. What's the legal age for young people to direct 19 here in Canada? What's the legal age for people to have a, a, a, a, a consensual sex, 14, which I think is a little bit too young. But it's 14 because they're not all tightened or whipped up to a frenzy that everything is dirty and evil. And they actually educate people about these things. But not in America, baby, keep everybody ignorant. And in the dark ages, and then we'll clean things up. Not, not, not. It's just like the thing with prostitution because if we, if we legalize, if we legalize prostitution and clean it up, I like to do in Holland, for example. And in most of the European countries where it's not really a crime. Then we won't have so much video. The world is easy going on. We won't have all these, these, the device wise will have all the easy, ticking like shooting fish and barrel games that they play. What all the, a phony do with the decoy, John's and all the other crap that goes on. Let's think of what, on since the beginning of recorded time. Whether it's put in somebody in jail for 20 years for pot or any other innocuous crap. That's America for it. That's what it's become. It's an ugly thing, baby. It's, uh, I hate to say that, but it's a really ugly thing. You're not supposed to say that because immediately you're painted into corners being on patriotic and, uh, an evil door and all this other crap. God forbid anybody should have the ball to tell the truth in you yesterday. And after watching that thing on biography last night about Jews in Hollywood and the McCarthy, the House of American activities committee, those earrings, though this is grace. And guess who was sitting on that committee by the way, on the HUAC. There was Nixon, yeah, there was Dick. Yeah. It's a smuggler on his post who got elected by running against Helen Gahig and Douglas in California, called him to the Pink Lady. The Pink Lady has in Tommy Pinko, you know, to rest of it. Right. The Pink Lady. I got a Pink Lady for you, Dick. Here's a lottery, hello. Hey, Neil, are you doing buddy? Okay. Neil, I guess we have 11% of retards running around. They can't find our own country on the map. Can't, now, what would you do with somebody like that? Don't you think those people need to be separated like put an institution somewhere? I don't know. It's pretty scary, pretty crazy. I think that 11% of our population can't find our freaking country. Keep an eye on 18 to 24 year olds. 18 to 24. We're not talking about people 100 years old who are like seen aisle and have Alzheimer's and dementia, whatever, we haven't excuse. You can't be 24 and a prime of their lives. We have 11% of spots as they be patrists. Okay. Great. 197 votes. You know, I was just mentioning about that thing that Jews in Hollywood and then we had that call. Perfect. Yeah. What do you think of him? 197 votes. The TV talked a show too much nudity and in decent material. 124 if you're offended by any show, change the F and channels stupid. Hell no, I want to see much more 35 too much violence. Not enough 627. Yes, it needs to be stopped 7 and no just about a bite about it. They are correct amount. 3. We got 3 happy campers out there. I'm going to support 21 likes. You way out. Why do you best? Why do I? You best dude. By the way, Moses and Gil's can tell that studio we're going to have daddy break your legs. You talk about on the same. Make the girls' way. Still not so polite. It's just a happy round of views. Beautiful night. And it's fine all night. You get excuses from girls. They struggle as well. Never touch the eye. It's just a happy round of views. And it's fine all night. It's just a happy round of views. It's just a happy round of views. It's just a happy round of views. It's just a happy round of views. It's just a happy round of views. It's just a happy round of views. It's just a happy round of views. It's just a happy round of views. It's just a happy round of views. It's just a happy round of views. It's just a happy round of views. It's just a happy round of views. It's just a happy round of views. Patrick, two or five, fifty WDQAM. Here's a facts from somebody in Lakeland. No, as it's his resident nose picker. Thanks for your honesty Glen. Since I was listening to your reading of the National Geographic article about the story of the the sorry state of Education. We have an a skunk with respect to geography, as you know the same situation exist with history. I saw a little bit the rest of my childhood. I saw was a history major in teachers that subjuven text is also coaches football and bats ball. Most history teachers over are Fizz Ed majors who coach and just haven't teach history and you know something when I went to high school not that he mentioned that Bill Nukehark I think was our history teacher and he was also a football. I and some kind of coach as it so happens Yes, in high school are three and civics teacher the football coach. Yeah, how about you Carlos Oh Carlos never went to school. I forgot our children cannot tell you who the vice president of a secretary state Our little homony senators there are we're laughing stuck in the universe when a come to education Don't you remember that kind of called a last week and we're telling me about Colon Powell secretary the United States right What's the point? I'm not gonna get all said about it because I like I told you yesterday the country's lost. It's not a very uplifting message, but it's true These people are they're just really they're doing it. They're doing it and the rest of your your sitting back You know, what am I gonna do who cares who gives a cramp what's it again excited about? Exactly Don't forget to enjoy George tomorrow get excited about that get off your dead ass go out to your little George Make him feel like somebody likes him out there See him from 11 to one of these single or wireless and haven't you are 203 35 this game Boulevard Stop by the win prizes registered when up front tickets to the upcoming and I'll stop to sum up coming Panthers hockey game you can have free tickets to any Panthers game is what are real balls down to sorry to say that But that's basically the way it is you want $20 tickets Ah 10 bucks you want free tickets choice of drivers license, you know Very very sad you know as how many calls I had about Joseph Gackie and Don Bailey Jr And there were a psychotic there unacceptable job on those Zerakun games I mean I don't want to spend a lot of time ripping poor Joe, but good guy. I mean get it under control Mr. Okay Out of control psychotic hysterical Find a happy medium get a Mickey Dane's full number here's Davey. Hello Yes, sir. Oh, geez Got like all anyway I was 11% of the people that didn't know where any of some of the places were in the United States Did you know where the United? No, no, they didn't know where the United States was on the map Well, I bet a hundred percent of the people around the world know where Florida is Yeah And what is that what does that mean that everybody knows where Florida is that because everybody ends up here But anyway On these payday yep, I'm just gonna keep saying that to myself Monday's payday Just so I remember to keep coming back I don't have to come back I just roll out of the bedroom and look at the studio come over. Thank goodness Now this story here where somebody called about yesterday from the scum Sentinel This is like David Duping appointed to a panel about racial diversity Two employees opposed gay contract. I'd like to know who the hell this Marty Rubenstein is This is a guy with a wise assense of humor or something the newest members appointed this way to the Broward Schoolboards diversity committee Our two of the staunchest foes of the school district contract with Gillesett Glyssen a gay tolerance organization Margaret Hausteadler the highest profile critic of the contract was appointed by a Large board member Darla Carter while conservative radio top show host Steve Kane was appointed by newly elected districts for a member Marty Rubenstein Ready for that? Yeah, I heard it. It's just a mind boggling Mr. Ego a guy who you could fit his whole audience into a small broom class Just tell me which your problem most board members who supported the contract with a gay lesbian and straight education network Our standing firm, but inside our strength the appointment show the contract which cost for listen to help train teachers to recognize Andy gay harassment. Maybe we examined Hosted who lost Rubenstein in the primary file the yesterday to continue fighting listen as well as the district's policy Providing discrimination against tomosexuals My goal has been from the first to have the school board removed the word sexual orientation permits policy Which is based on the false premise that homosexuality is genetically or biologically determined host that are said The diversity committee advises the board on issues that range from diversifying the teaching staff to ensuring that predominantly minority schools Off of the same quality of education one mission is to promote tolerance of differences that led the committee to support the glisten agreement Susan Silverberg chairwoman of the diversity committee Said she feared Rubenstein's appointment shows his opposition to the glisten contract and its mission to reduce harassment I don't know Rubenstein didn't know me for the election, but knowing what he did tells me all I need to know Honestly that appointment speaks volume she said the school board voted six or three in April to formalize the arrangement with glisten They helped teachers to recognize Andy gay harassment so they can help students cope with it Carter who can be rich for comment has said it unfairly gives special rights to one group and she can paint for Relection attacking the deal But Rubenstein said he'd not seen enough of the agreement details to have an informed opinion He'd vise not to read too much in which choice of cane saying he simply wanted more diversity on the diversity committee right Himself quipped they seem to have mastered racial and sexual diversity, but they don't seem to have mastered political diversity That shows a lack of familiarity with the committee silverberg said we've had votes and discussions where people disagree Vimally with each other Rubenstein said he chose his long time acquaintance Rubenstein said he chose his long time acquaintance in part because of cane understanding of diversity is a parent of three adopted African-American children We are a multi ethnic multi-lingual society ought to be rejoicing our diversity But we should be learning how to come together not be driving away between people Rubenstein said I hope that when you cast your vote Marty Rubenstein you keep that in mind as opposed to hearing a but sucker of Mr. Ego Okay, with an audience you could fit in a teacup and have room for your fat ass left over where would you are? How do you like that one of his cronies in there? Pathetic Why you got those lines on hold is there a computer isn't working right now? What are you saying well at least get them off of there? It's very disconsurdening to see you and look at that well in the regular How are you doing is not working so the phone is screwed up again? No, the phone is working just the computer the keyboard nothing He can't write anything on the screen. Yeah, can he put him on hold? That's what he was doing Okay, that's what that symbol. Oh, we got so many call on there right now at least we did we had that Daytona beach on air on hold is it still there You know something I when I got up this morning. I thought to myself I should just lay here to least no What are they working now? Here's a call from Daytona hello Good morning Neil yes sir. I promise to do better than the old geese at the call the feet minutes ago Yeah, just an if thing I know a bit of going ahead you talking about the Data affairs of the country here with people and reading maps and all that I just wrote down on my any couple days Go watch a bully for call of mine and if that doesn't give you a heck of an insight on American culture and I would compare some of the others out there Mm-hmm. I don't know what does it just it's a scary thing to look at the way we you know live here in this country I got to find out where I can go see that in fact Maybe it's still showing here somewhere because they feel as you know they filmed it up here Yeah, it's uh, well yeah, unfortunately I had a heck of a time I had a grave all the way to Miami or watch it but it was well worth the drive Well, I mean it's as you know it's limited viewing There's showing us whatever But it was amazing just the overall concept of the Americans I mean to think that this is the only way we can you can live in the world how many years have I been saying that the American Public is brainwashed in believing that the kind of violence and repression and insanity that goes on America Is the way life is supposed to be and the way the whole free world really operates and they're full of crap What what the interesting things we didn't realize is that according to a more There are quite a bit of guns up there in Canada, which I thought it was sort of a gun free country How are they come across the border, you know? You know, come across and get you don't have all the shoes we have down here. No, we don't have anywhere near the gun But there's 200 million guns in America And there's a what and there's also a segment when he walks around I forget that the Toronto are aware and he opens He just walked at the doors of housing able to open and do a bit of that was here in Toronto right? It was Toronto. Yeah, it's amazing and so you know it goes back I think his home American mentality of you know the way we present things is not the way it really isn't on a way He made he showed a clip about the different news outlets in the way American outlets really portray all the news here in the state They sure I put on fox this this morning and it was just amazing But they were putting on there in the way and he still I used to live after seeing that and whether it's over spin I'm I'm a fox broadcast at the time I spin all day well you have to take a drive on me just to you know The recover from it. So good luck. He's pal. See right at the border. Yeah, see up there. Okay I teen till 11 at 5.60 W to Q and what's on the agenda today gym managed it one as usual Hey Goldberg a three the humpers got today one said you of course because it's Friday at 5.30 You got to seven away 30 who does college football preview with Josh Darrell the hysterical Josie and Donnie Bailey Jr Good guys, but boy comment down put it down just a little bit guys hysterical Chicago pants and preview at eight thirty the Panthers at the coyotes in Phoenix at nine Eddie K. after the hockey game and the anxious ESPN radio overnight and local we're sports radio five sixty two a two a yeah Friday you busted Number one movie number one soundtrack Tini white kid who thinks that his skin is black and stamping and wrapping and talking his slack He gets more booty than the whole rat pack Crazy in a trailer in the motor city doesn't like movie boy pants or pdd And it's no secret it's easy to see MN and Hs is why many small He's shooting with Christina Aguilara Speeding in reals just like you're in faira He's hot from New York to Minnesota The Marshall matters At least you don't have a broken food anyway Now what do you I don't understand why you vaccinate all this add a man is there this skipie Skippy skipie skipie sending us new copy Much better simply by the way to the little complicated 11 25 to the 20 and 22 only oh my god. I see this that's that's not right That's not the way we do it around here's skipie. Okay. Have somebody draw you a diaphragm He's one of those people would have any idea and only where Florida's on a map, but your rain is He'd have no clue skipie. He's one of our great sales holes. Oh, you weigh many fits right in like the rubber glove Somebody fangs his latest thing uh uh with largest limba Yeah, responding to Tom Daxel again. He says these leftist anti-Suvian permanent or wackos ask what would Jesus drive Well, I'm answering the question who would Jesus listen to rush limba on the excellence in broadcasting network Oh man if you look up the expression pompous as an dictionary there's limba's picture right next to it Look the look the look the look the look the look the look the look Very sad that's what's controlling America these days Not your Messiah's old will be ill speaking of that story This is the one I was talking about before that couldn't find It says here's a question facing a nation these days what would Jesus drive and cert your wise crack Or it says but Snickering out a group called the evangelical environmental network is getting a lot of press For campaign devoted to the proposition that Jesus would certainly not drive an SUV because Jesus would want to protect the environment Amen We think he is Lord of our transportation choices as well as other choices said Jim Bale and American Baptist Minister who's director of the group when you need new car. He should buy the most fuel official one that truly meets your needs The green Jesus group is even purchased TV adds this month in North Carolina I weigh in the end in Missouri urging car buyers to curb their gascars like ways with the question So if we love our neighbor and we cherish God's creation maybe we should ask what would Jesus drive? This is not just a Christian fundamentalist Christian fringe movement this week in Detroit the Interfaith climate and Energy campaign that would GM and Ford is part of message of the ecumenical environmentalism Korean press materials Jews and men and nights were represented We sleep to certain obvious questions what would Moses drive a Jew cano What would Muhammad drive Buddha Confucius Makes you think right is written by Dick Meyer at CBS news. I don't see why the what would a Messiah or founder of a religion think technique for Political knowledge should be limited to questions of vehicle choice What would Jesus think of a reduction in the capital gain stacks? How about loud sea on gun control Moses on secondhand smoke Christian on securities regulation Mary Baker Eddie on national health insurance This could be a powerful marketing device as well Jesus loves coke not Pepsi Christian opponents of roadwager selling H W J D T-shirts how would Jesus drive? The WWE JD movement seems to have struck a court even if it strikes some dumb Everyone is doing a stir-round. They did trade bettland connection CNN is covered that a beta especially vigorously the highlight was Reverend Jerry fall While declaring that global warring is a big myth and he could care less what Jesus would drive See that's why flush is also pooping this It's not part of that ultra right wing agenda It's anti-pick business the internet is usual's been on the WWE JD movement for quite some time now web wise and hymer have been circulating answers to WWE JD question Long theory as the Jesus were to Iran and are old planet because the Bible says God drove Adam and Eve out of the garden of Eden in a fury Good but in Psalm 83 the Almighty clearly owns a potty aken a geo The passage is the Lord to pursue your enemies with your tempest and terrified them with your storm The issues been thoroughly discussed in online bulletin board. They sampling from a site Therrant what what I can't even read the site This world has been falling apart and dying ever since Adam and Eve sin for the first time So there's nothing a bunch of tree hug and animal rights activist vegetarian SUV hitting raccoes can do to make the condition of this planet any better As a Catholic I'm offended that there are hiding behind religion slash Christ to promote a communist and socialist agenda Shame it's like Muslims hijacking Islam to become terrorists. I didn't like that Did I did I didn't realize the what would Jesus drive thing was such a big Simis yeah, then the rush thing about blasted all over the place fellow Christians and non Christians don't fall prey to this intent at insiting feelings of guilt for your personal choices This is all about power and you're surfing your personal freedoms the Lord gave man dominion over the earth And he also gave us the wisdom and man's it responsibly which he'll do without the meddling of a power hungry government and misguided environmentalists It pains me to report this is going back to what the Dick Myers says it pains me to report somebody's remarks because I'm a caring SUV hater part of me wishes them well just like my secret appreciation for the zealots who run around putting environmental tickets on SUV windshields And before I was aware of the WWE JD movement I wrote a column calling SUVs the vehicles of Satan I think in lines between religious people and the firemen. Let's would be very nice But I don't much appreciate it when somebody argues that Jesus would ban abortions and the white favorite capital punishment I don't think Bible based arguments have a place in that debate either Whether it's TD preachers bookwriting rabbis are crusading imams I'm not a big fan of the goddess on our side crowd using the size to score political points is a bit tacky to that doesn't mean However that we shouldn't get rid of SUVs immediately Dick my veteran political and investigative reporter for CBS news How to bed? Make supporter two or three? 567560 pound 560 on the AT&T line 248 votes and I pull this TV showed too much no to the end in decent material in the wake of the big hub And the FCC commissioners get and all worked up into a frenzy about Victoria's secret because they got 300 row area Well organized emails From a bunch of goody two shoe Bible flap and assholes If you're offended by any show change the FN channel scoop at 155 61 and a half percent of the audience said that so far Tell no I want to see much more 50 Too much violence that enough sex 32 yes, it needs to be stopped 11 No, just about to write them on three three are getting just enough Here's Boca hello Boca yes, Neil yes, I just wanted to make two quick points I was listening with interest in what you said about how many school kids and people in general can't find a rack on the map and You know, it's not setting, but you know, it's really no big deal because three or four months are now a rack won't be on the map Yeah, now the other point I want to make was I hope is a lot better than that one. Yeah, well listen some go over some don't I heard what you said about you doing this only for the money and I disagree with you on that because Well wait a minute wait a minute before you proceed. Let me just say this how can you disagree with me? I'm like telling me what I think it's like it's like the guy that goes to doctors has a dark how do I feel? I'm not telling you what you think but I'm saying what you say in the air I don't think represents the real you because I listened to one of the Galician's Michael Savage and a guy called him in the other I called him to show the other night and he says Michael one of the things I really like about you is that you're exactly the same Or the air is you are on the X. I've met you in an other way you like you said I like the arages You said Neil Neil Ransson raised on the radio, but off the air He's a nice as sweet as guy you'd have one of me and he's a totally different guy So listening to that and the guy saying he has met you may be believed when you said you only do it for the money I think you're a little deeper than that Okay, okay, have a great day. Okay, thanks for the suck job, are you wrong? I mean you're right about the fact that off the air. I am a very a wonderful guy. Just ask me now tell you But as far as I mean you there are no rewards in this market. There's no there's no tremendous responses no feedback There's no one and there's no nothing. You have to like have a hernia Just to listen any kind of responses opposed all these right wingers You're like look for that. Oh, you got to do is make that little sound of do your little trumpet man And there's like 50 million people run right behind you Whatever you say mammal funny off the edge of a cliff did oh and we're not asking to follow us off the edge of a cliff just for a little response To something we're talking about that's all and you don't have it You didn't have it last year. You didn't have it five years ago two years ago suckers It's just never gonna happen in South Florida of all the places for me to be doing a talk show in South Florida land of the walking dead The land of the walking dead. That's exactly what South Florida's all about a bunch of old farts with pad pants Bad hair pieces, colossal me bags and bad vera co-spains. That's not Florida for you And I'm sitting here trying to like whip up the it's just like in those old days See I'm reverting back to my origins again, and that's a bad mistake What I did that was successful for me was getting as far away from that as possible Given people a few yucks realizing the most people don't give a crap We're not gonna change anything especially on issue especially on the station and especially in this market If it's not about alien or people who won't speak English, you don't give a crap about anything down there You couldn't give a flying crap less And I guarantee that we could take a hundred people out of our audience and like you'll put a map put a globe at a world in front of them They couldn't find it with both hands in a compass at a road map and they're uh, toe How do you like that? Am I wrong? No I'm sitting here getting whipped up to a friend's you about it Stop it how is it possible to be so to I mean look I know I'm not an intellectual far from it. I'm just a dumb slob, okay? proud of it But how can you possibly live more than than 10 15 years and not have some concepts and not only not have it, but not want to have it You see what I'm saying? How can you brain be that dormant that you don't have some desire to enrich it to learn something every day Learn something ignorance is bliss. Don't you know oh my god Briss are you doing that you talk again? Why do you Party's an X like piss have Just like your squees the seems a scream without And a kid and a... But now on Sunday nights, what will I do? Did she have all the bottoming? Because the holy hell I'll meet. Yet every week I watched on TV. She's got too much junk in a trunk. She's got to be high all, freaking drunk. A lot of the reasons go there, be on me now. I see you next year, Anna. You crazy freak azoid too. Rectom! 11.02.56. You're wqm happy Friday 2. Mad Dog at 1.03. And we got a bunch of stuff. Sports stuff. Hur kun stuff. You got the Opanters in Kyot tonight. 9.09.29. And then the overnight ESPN radio. So we're not doing transmitter maintenance or what? See, I don't think that's really a very good oldman for the Joe and Mark eyes. You know, if your be Thursday night we're doing transmitter maintenance. I thought that we're taking vacation like one day here and one day there for long weekends or something like that. And if it comes to find out that it's transmitter maintenance after all, that's not probably a good sign. Like every night when you start coming in to do your show with two and a more... You're not on that night, guys. We're doing transmitter maintenance. You know, it starts going to be a little... like a message there. School president takes leave a mid-allegation. The president of a Roman Catholic high school took absentee. Leave a absence Thursday after being accused of molesting a sixth grade boy at a school more than 40 years ago. And I just noticed that the edges of this are clipped off, Boston Globe. The edges of my story are clipped off, damn it. Brother Leo Laby, president of Bishop Wretten High School in Nashville, The night accusing the child in 1961 of the now closed sacred heart academy and over mass. And I'm going to... I'm going to stop crediting that there because it's right that margin is all chopped off on that. What a jackass I sometimes am, you know what? Even though I'm a very nice guy. Now what did I say? All right, I'm a very nice guy. Thanks for the suck job. The pal every now and away you can use one. A community that gives nothing back. And what also was frustrating to be very honest with this is I'm just leaning it all out there for a day. So I give you a sitting in a room with 10 people. Like in a restaurant. You're sitting around a big table with a party of 10, okay? And you order a shetto-breon. And the way there brings you a plate that's got a big dog turd on it, okay? All right. Now listen to this. I'm listening. And you say everybody is a table. That's not shetto-breon. That's a dog crap. Oh no. No no. It looks like shetto-breon was. Oh yes. Smells like a great juicy steak to us. And you're looking at it. And you know, be on a shadow of a doubt that it's dog crap. And believe me, I see my share in my life. And everybody in the tables. And that's what it's like doing this show. Whether it's the god stuff, whether it's the religion or the politics stuff. Whether it's anything, whether it's about freedom of expression, the FCC. No matter what it is. There it is. Can you see it? No. No. Do you understand what I'm talking about? No. All these fairy tales. It's just like that guy that was a month ago. I put it in that deal with Chris Matthews. They're in softball. I want to go to those university round tables. The guy looks. I forget who the hell it was. Well, I guess it was Jesse Ventura was on it with Chris Matthews, with Mr. softball. And he says well, this whole thing with the al-Qaeda and with all the attacks of the terrorist attacks. It's all about religious extremism. Chris Matthews, what you really think that's what it is. Whether it kind of perplexed look on his make you think so. And he was serious. He was serious. Like don't you understand we're not allowed to even think that much less say that. All throughout the history mankind. That's what it's all about. My religion's better than yours. That's what it's all about. That's why everybody hates everybody else. I mean, you got racial divisions and you got, you know, gender, uh, stay in sexual orientation. Would you have a spags down a new scapegoat for the right wing thing, goodness? But generally throughout history, that's not what it's worth saying. It's religion. I got the answers new known and we're going to make you offer you can't refuse. My furry tales are the right ones and you got the wrong ones. Mr. New better get with it. That's what this whole al-Qaeda thing is with his fundamentalist Islamist. They're the crazy people. You're going to believe what we do or uh, but I'm being that's it. But I'm being about a boom. And like there's some debate about that. And how come the media so goddamn yellow belly and chicken liver that they can't come right out there and say it? We ought to be having programs about that every day. And instead we got Michael Jackson's dangling his baby over to God damn railing at a hotel in Berlin. That's what we get. That's America for you. Yeah. Don't drop a Michael. Oh, hey, Tulay. I did you notice that both of these little kids there was that picture with a burka on the other day at the zoo. Yes. And did you notice that the hands of little kids were sticking out? Yes. And the hands were very, very white. White. Yeah. I just make it that in passing. Maybe they got that same skin disease. You know. Here's haven't sure hello. Yes sir. Good morning. How are you doing? Okay. The first of all, I like the, um, more Tommy Grease said about the ice cream from Benning Jerry's. I was wondering first of all that you, uh, have any other good foods out there? Because I would, uh, my whole family loves the, uh, If I, if I have any other good foods out there, what does that mean? Uh, as well. I remember the Benning Jerry's, uh, that you, uh, set a few months ago. Yeah. And, uh, and I was wondering what the other good foods you like because we always like your taste. You know, that's it. And the new. Nestle's turtle and Benning Jerry's. That's it. I'm like any other food. I do like my chateau, but I'm going on though. Yeah. That's good too. Unless it's. Don't. Yeah. Um, also the news lately on the cable, what's your favorite cable news station? Because I watch Hannity and Coles last night. And, you know, you said that, uh, I'll tell you last night, I think that, uh, Hannity, they should put a, uh, like a sheet over his head because, uh, Yeah. So, um, let me ask you this. Right. You want to. And why did you watch it? Well, you know, I like, uh, uh, uh, sometimes I like, go a lil' eyelids, but you said you, you like, I think, fox or, or. No, no, I didn't say I like fox. Foxes. Foxes the fascist news networks. Is this a serious call? Yes. Is this a serious conversation? And you said that I like fox? No, no, I'm sorry. You said I think you like Emma's NBC. That is correct. Well, uh, but if you look at Papi Cannon, he looks like the head of Hannity. Yeah. He looks like the head of Hannity. I got a nice boy. A pat you cannon is much of a fascist pig as he is. He's like a screaming liberal compared to Sean Hannity. Okay, sir. But go have some bad injuries. I think it's affecting your mind. Not too much. And don't be packin' it too tight. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on it. And then my favorite news network to Fox News Network. Sure. I love him, man. Oh, a rooper Murdoch bubble. He's a guy that Neil Kabudo, you know, Neil Kabudo. Oh, it's coming back. He reminds me of Mitch Hirsh. You know, what does stuff come back so fast? Oh, it comes back so fast. And don't forget our friend Heather. I'm trying. Here's Miami, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. You should be the leader of the Gloyle opposition. You should be the counterpoint to Rush Limbo. Your show should be syndicated like this. Oh, well, hold your breath. Well, you know, I've been listening to you since 1979. I got an agent whose two busy playing with old baseball cards, okay? Well, I remember in 1980 you went to Tennessee, Nashville. Yeah. And I listened to your show on shortwave radio. You did it for a month. Well, what do you mean on shortwave radio? Yeah, in shortwave radio from South Florida. I was in South Florida and you were in Nashville. And you did this during the presidential election. You went to Nashville for about a month. And you were on ten stations. Well, no, no, no, no, no. I wasn't on ten stations. That was on WLAC and Nashville. I went on ten stations. I was on one station. The reach of that was 50,000 watts. We had calls from 38 states. That's right. And you know, we stayed there for a month and then you came back. Well, here to how much of a little Nashville, you got to dial your mind. Well, exactly. Well, now you're living Toronto. There's no reason why your show can't be syndicated. But no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. What I said before, there is a reason why my show can't be syndicated. It's called Norma Kins. Norma Kins. But I want to talk about the democrat. The democrats are trying to be Republican lights. They're, they're too timid. They're Democrats suck. Okay. The Democratic Party blows. They, they want to blur the differences instead of sharpening them. And you know what the Republicans do is smart. They give their base the right wing, the wing not something to live for. Something to fight for. That's right. Whether it's right. Whether it's guns, whether it's abortion. They give them something to fight for. So what I suggest is the democrats give us something to fight for. And that's, I suggest we get a new party as well. I suggest that I'm a credit party as history managed. That means well, there are two parties. Okay. Why is that? Why? How about all the other countries? Because they have a monopoly on the party. The third largest party is the libertarian party. The only people are going to monopoly is parka brothers. Okay. We don't have to have just two parties. Well, unfortunately, they only wait in the only way that anybody progressive will ever make any progress in America again is to get. They're creating a new party. But they, but they write the loss. Okay. And they write the, um, when you write the laws when you get an office, okay, and if people are given an alternative, I guarantee if they're given a real law. Look at Jesse Ventura in them in a soda. But they write the democratic republican. But they write the campaign finance laws, which ensures they're in common seeds. Yeah. You know? But anyway, they're the only, they're the only opposition right now. And so they have to give their base on something. Sure. Like he propelding the same thing. It isn't going to happen. It isn't going to happen. There's a lot. There's a lot. They're ignoring their loss. They have no leadership. They have no direction. They have no, wouldn't Indian named Al Gore who has got a child in the child named Shansalman in a fixed election. They got time dashes, was running around screaming about brush limba. I mean, they're lost. Well, then no, Luke. Okay. Thanks. No crap. That was pretty profound. Wanted? The aloo's. Guess what, pal. They already did. They lost. Big time. Big time. Because they have nothing to say. In fact, that's why the democratic party is so much like most of South Florida. Nothing to say. Nothing to offer. They sit back. They're cowards. Most of them. They're afraid to be called. And of course, they already have been called. You know, I'm pushed to that first shot, you know, about. Wow, you know, the democratic party. They're not interested in the national security. And I mean, right there was something so obnoxious and so grotesque. And the response was that Dick him art and Tom Dashel got up on the floors of the house in the Senate. And, you know, yelled themselves to the point of having like, learn drieders. Now that was about it. That was the response. Just come down. Okay, because it's a way it is. It's the America for it. It's American F. and a way. Twelve minutes after 11 at five, 60 WDQ and man, that normal can't boy. She's really doing it. And she. She doing it. Gonna be on 600 stations by the end of the year. You watch my words, man. I'm going to be on 40,000 channels all around the world. I'll be doing my show from a cave in Tura Bora. Yeah. I think I've plenty to choose from. Thanks, given it's coming a week from yesterday. Less than a week from right now, everybody's going to be flocking home to be together to sit around. Put on a happy face for each other. Gather around the table with delicious homemade food family traditions. Turkey and stuffing in cranberries. Yams. After all, it's not the turkey though that makes the meal special. It's the people. Getting ready for the hungry guests can be real stressful. Real pain in the ass, especially if they're going to be staying overnight. If you're having a household for Thanksgiving, let Donald mattress make your holiday preparations. A little bit easier. As the time to call one eight hundred mattress, let you get that new mattress in me for the house guests to arrive. If they're already treated that they're coming, even if you don't hear from them until the night before, that mattress can deliver right to your door. A top quality ceiling. Surred as Simmons or King Crow mattress the same day you call them. I've been sitting on a dial mattress for years and look what it's done for me. Look what a sport I am. Call that a mattress right now to a free at one eight hundred mattress. Talk turkey with a bed and consult the shoes from the very best mattresses. It even better prices. Rest easy this Thanksgiving. And this Thanksgiving. Know that everybody is sleeping like a child. So get ready for the holidays right now by calling one eight hundred mattress and be sure and please tell them that all fat, kneel and fat, fat, fat boy. According to the call one eight hundred mattress for dollar mattress, brand name beds, same day service. One eight hundred MATT RES call them now. Be sleeping like a baby tonight. And look what this is for 305. 60. Where is he? Where is he? Yeah. Why do you best in? Welcome back to the particular model of the more how it is even to the health. Hey. Okay. Now, when will we got here? Hey, Mark. All right. Can you see I'm trying to think? I just wanted to hear you. You're leaving over my lap again. I like to rest more something. I'm just going with you. No! I'm right. Oh, I split my back here. Get there a lot of my way. Where am I supposed to go? To help you squeak a little bit. Hey, I don't think I got to meet you boys. You don't know. No. I think you need your balls examined. My balls. That's right. Now drop your pants so I can examine it. No! You with a one-a-white goodness business again. Yeah. And we'll pay my command. Okay. Oh, that's thinking of Oscar Maya truck. Yeah. Jesus, look at that. Let me go. I placed light over here. Where's your balls? Did you? You're packing up, I'm telling your pants and no balls. I get balls, directly. Oh, yeah. Well, let's see what happens when I swear my foot down on your face. Oh, yeah! That hurt, ma'am. Hey. Your voice is... He's so kind of into the room. Oh, yes. Quite right. It's a far, far bit of a way to sound. I don't believe this. Hey. Can we see if I can get a low? We don't know where I'm going. Well, say something. Follow off the bone baby back ribs. See that? Your balls dropped it. Really good, huh? He's the drugiest. You're like that, huh? Thanks, ma'am. Yeah. You're like that, eh? Oh, if he can happen, it's what I put him back in the back seat. Oh, be the case. When you get a better voice than me. Hey. Hey. What do you think? This thing dropped on a wrong way like a cobra. Yeah. I can't fool. It's quite a low-round beat. Not to a bow. 11, 19 at 5, 60, WDQM, happy Friday too. You know, that's the right head about the, uh, trauma-lusting priest again in Boston? Yes. But when I was chopped off, well, here's another one. Okay. So there's really many different to that. One was chopped off on the margins. Bishop Augsville, a Boston Augsville, a Bishop Emilia, S. Aloo. No relation to the baseball playing brothers Aloo. During his years running a seminary for Catholic teenagers in New York, expelled a high school student who reported being sexually molested by a Catholic brother at the school, according to a lawsuit filed in New York Supreme Court. Joseph Lemmy, former high school student, No relation to a trauma-lusting priest, Yurki Lumi. Sid and an apid Abit fathered lawsuit that he complained of the alleged abuse in 72, but that Aloo never encouraged him to report his allegation to civil authorities or higher-term officials, and instead told him he was not priest material. I literally beg the Luddla to stay for seven or seven, everybody just kept shaking his head and saying that I should leave you. That was foradian. Lemmy, who's not the principal of a Catholic high school, said me half a day. I recognize now that removing me from the seminary was intentional act that would ensure that the assaults on me would not be investigated. If I were moved from the seminary, the seminary would have no further duty to protect me. Lemmy in the lawsuit said he was a 13 year old who knew nothing about sex when he entered the Solution Junior Seminary as a freshman in 1970. Soon after he arrived George Poelow, then a Catholic brother named Solution Order, who worked as a Spanish teacher in Dermatory Supervisor, began to molest him, and did so repeatedly for more than two years, often in Lemmy's dormantory bed according to the lawsuit. Lemmy said Poelow did not return to the seminary the following year, but maintained contact with him, and continued to molest him taking him to motels on least indications. In the lawsuit, Poelow's also accused the molesting to other plaintiffs. So there you go. I bid Carlos being the big hurricane fan that he is, did you hear any of the broadcast on QAM last night? Would Joe and Nadam Bailey Junior and the beast? Yeah, I heard a little bit of it. And since there's so many in your audience who responded to my question about that? Uh, I don't hold back, okay? Joe's a ganky, doesn't control your job or your paycheck, okay? Don't be a mealy mouth like George, just let it all hang out. He was a little excitable, and Don Bailey Junior, I mean, I heard that it just happens that I turned it on when Don Bailey was making that call with the comma, comma, comma, see if he was going to drag the guy across the end of himself. Yeah, but apart from that, it was great. So last time I'm asking you anything. 300 votes on a poll, does TV show too much nudity and indecisive material? If you're offended by any show, change the F-ing channel, stupid 184. Hell no, I want to see much more 59. Too much violence, not enough 641. Yes, it needs to be stopped. 12. No more nipples. And no, just about to write them on three. We still got those three happy people, we're sitting there with a satisfied look on their posts. So that's the best you have to say about that broadcast, okay? I know a little bit about sports casting, okay? Haven't done it myself in being a big sports fan most of my life, and knowing the great broadcasters from the really mediocre ones. I have never heard anything as embarrassing in my life as the shrieking and outright hysteria that goes on. See even the mad dog when he starts screaming, you know, he doesn't under control. He doesn't just totally lose it. But, but the it sounded like a couple of like little kids playing radio as well as I just just off. Horrible. And once again, to show you the kind of market that this is, it's out for us. You can basically do anything. Nobody gives a crap. Even Carlos is sitting there sucking ass. Shame on you. Or remember, this is shame on you. It's time that I've ever been in. It's what? Well, sports town is some reason that. So in other words, you never are sent here. Supposed to be such a football fan. You never heard anybody else broadcast a football game. Yeah, the Monday night stuff. I mean, but this is college. I'm talking. But what is so what does that mean? So in other words, in college, you allowed the scream to get hysterical. And yell like like, like, like, somebody's like, you balls are being squeezed in a vice? Yes. Here's Miami. Hello. George, I like to. Uh-huh. God. He was on a long time. Sure was. Here's Danielle. Here's Danielle. Yes, sir. Good morning. When is the. I heard you quit smoking. The cottage you do it in and also why. Well, quit smoking was cigar. Because they're bad for you. And how did I do it? I stopped buying them. Did the doctor say that's up to the doctor? No, doctor didn't say anything. My brain told me, okay, common sense. I quit away. Let me say the guy stopped buying them. See if he don't have them. You can't smoke him. Yo, the Democrats are party. You even know that. You know, we should get the terrorists right away. But the, uh, well, what does that mean? What, what does that mean? We should get the terrorist right away. What does that mean? I mean, it's, it's wild. But I wish I could get a bunch of my friends and get a sum of the mod myself. But on the other hand, to make a serious, the, uh, you know, the Darvels saying again, many years ago when the Gulf War, we should have a guy with George Bush senior. But on the other hand, we should have, you know, when it comes to a war, they treat their kids in a rock. They, you know, when they're, uh, you know, they grow them up to be to hate America. They hate Israel. And they hate America. So what we should have said is we don't want wars like that because, so have suicide bombers coming over here like they do in Israel. Mm hmm. And you're afraid that the country is going to get more of the Heads, the, has blasphemy here that's what Bobby Graham tells us. But anyway, let me just try doing something, okay. Let me punch a line up that there's nobody on, which is most of them. And see these other ones, they're just dummies. Okay, other just dummy buttons. I just, trying to talk a little, technical thing there right on the Why the hell not why not? Are you sure I'm saying because this drop thing I don't I don't like this. It's not it's like Not the one like on a big clunky phone. We got down there. We're not supposed to have any more by the way. Well, we don't it's over Behind the my act still around But this thing is like I like I well at any rate life goes on five six and I what do you say five six seven? Oh five sixty pound five sixty On the yeah, he's going from how did I quit smoking cigars and let's go get the terrorists and he's gonna get a bunch of his buddies together and gonna go get Osama All right, I feel better now. I want to sleep good this weekend He's gonna get a bunch of his pals together. I'm gonna go out there and kick some ass Look at his police finds seventeen sex toys and local woman's car during the Y-traffic stuff Now where's this one white oak Texas? Oh, oh, let's see her no more Or maybe you'll see a lot of her all depending Along you will and who sells sex toys has been charged with they fell in it with family of sanity after white oak Texas police found some of her Where's in a car during a traffic stop? The arrest report described the 70 Adams as obscene materials and obscene devices, but police chief Charlie Smith that they said the Adams were mostly the Lotians Oh no It were mostly the Lotians and Objects to the final dictionary is having a shape and often the appearance of the male genitalia is what it says here Used in sexual stimulation is also what it says we went away think about that How legal is that prosecutors left of the side when white oak investigators forward their findings to the The gaze office sometime in the next weeks. I said we'll see when what they do with it. He said I want to be meant by that I guess he was speaking figuratively We'll see what they do with it Kathleen Elizabeth Kathy grubs a distributor for the national company slumber parties ain't called the charge which carries a maximum penalty of two years in jail kind of ridiculous State law and Texas appears to be a little less forgiving. It's illegal to wholesale promote. I've seen materials or devices Texas statutes as an obscene devices a simulated sexual organ or an end-designed or marketed as use Useful primarily for these stimulation of human chain of organs the law allows investigators to assume that anyone would six or more of the Adams is intending to promote them So you can use them just don't promote them, okay? Okay 27 after 11 at 560 WQM, but what a segue from that into olio med I can see some connections, you know what but I Yes, I better pass you break one of those capsules open olio med mediterranean formulas are good stuff for your man. They're advanced combinations of pharmaceutical rate olive oil with vitamins Minimal circles and other nutrients scientifically decided to provide natural nutrition solutions to help you support specific health needs Look for olio meds three new formulas. They have one to help you sleep one to help you control your weight and torque you 10 Which is to depend as for your heart I'll use in the benefits of the finest olive oil that you can buy with anybody's money Only meds a great new product. It's good for you. It's available at public secrets in Walgreens If you like to get more info column toll free in 1 866 olio med That's 1 866 653 6633 You can also order their products online at oliomedamerica.com and if you visit your nearest publics and by an olio med product and data Broward you can still get a coupon for a free Larry coke or bobble head doll while supplies last Maybe pretty soon. We'll have the joe Z bobble head doll I bet your Carlos wants one of those bad Don't forget to visit their sampling pavilion at sports time every Sunday with the dolphins are playing home games Pick up some free olio med samples and start poppin in your post today 5 local this is five six And beat that gator me plays a countdown game with the boys sniper man sniper man Unfriendly neighborhood sniper man when we get you people fall and number five the hero of his balls on the lookout That sniper man sniper man sniper man Gonna get you a sniper man on your ass Charlie loose Have your testicles in a news book out There is the sniper man To the person who left us a message you gave us a telephone number We do want to talk to you call us at the number you provide public dialogue continue The person you call but not here everything that you say call us back so that we can clearly understand We want to get it right Is this me he listen, but So we out for the spill of blood When the cases finally cracked We put up my son and scottle sack and look out Where is the sniper man now? Look everywhere we can now Where is the sniper man? You know that inspires me. I think now that they caught those two guys those scumbags I think since this is the 39th anniversary of the assassination of President Kennedy Let's get the moosey man on the trail, huh? of that yeah Find out who we'd be done it. I mean the war in commission just a sugar coat of that thing and lie through their teeth It made up that whole deal which is what you want some on with him to do Isn't the Chinaman's chance that Lee Harvey Oswald shot anybody is a matter of fact not opposite a bit much less JFK And then of course there was always our good friend Jack Ruby. I bet you that if Dorothy Kilcalan were still around she'd tell us See how I worked that in there and speaking of Volca Brian Volca airport closed his three workers take late night target practice. Do you see this story? That's America for we love our guns, baby It was a scary few moments for police early yesterday morning when reports came in of rapid steady gunfire coming from the Volca Reton airport The airport in Sassas wrote where shut down is more than two dozen deputies ported with police dogs the FBI the Transportation secret administration in the FAA were notified so planes could be diverted Multiple spent shell casings lay on a grassy area Was that a grassy nole? I've been here the main runway Later officials learned that more than a hundred shots have been fired by an airport manager and airport maintenance worker in the airport security boss The men police said were getting in little late night target practice At this time of heightened security and zero tolerance that anyone would fire a weapon on airport grounds is bizarre Sheriff's often spokesman Paul Miller who obviously is the master of understatement said Arrested in charge with unlawful discharge of a fire armor Donald Curry 42 the airports facilities manager James S. Go 31 an independent contractor provided an airport maintenance and Andrew Novotack 53 All of the company contracted to provide security at the airport The men all from Boko were booked into Palm Beach County, G. On yesterday afternoon on the second to be Mr. Meiner charges Cray was also charged with drug and driving Guns and liquor man bottles and sons liquor and guns Esco and overtake were fired yesterday by airport operator Boko Aviation and new company Navarro Group limited was started to provide 24 hours security at the airport The company's fans arrived at 5 p.m. owner Nick Navarro. Oh, no Uh Owner Nick Navarro said his company provides security for the city of Bokin for a lot of daily executive airport The airport authorities suspended Korean lost and internals investigation. How do you like that? Oh, man Nick Navarro Speaking of that good old-time religion by the way, scores killed in Nigeria and Miss world riding From Laos, Nigeria Angry mob stab and said fired a bystander's Thursday and riding better up to the after a news paper Islam's founding profit would have approved of the Miss world beauty page at least 50 now It's up to 100 by the way this story is this is from yesterday now to stay in it's over 100 At least 100 people were killed and 200 injured The violent demonstrators in the northern city of Kaduna burn churches and ran page through the streets until Hundreds of soldiers were deployed to restore common and force a dusted on curfew Street demonstrations began Wednesday with the burning of an office at this day news paper in Kaduna After a public and article questioning Muslim groups that have condemned the Miss world page To be held December 7 in the Nigerian capital of Abuja Muslim groups say the page and promotes sexual productivity and indecency Kind of sounds like America doesn't with that the ADA yeah What would the profit my hammer think and all honesty probably chosen away from among the contestants is you? Madanya wrote in Saturday's article the newspaper ran a brief front page of apology Monday Followed by more likely retract on Thursday saying the offending passage is run by mistake In Thursday's writing more than 100 people were stabbed bludgeoned or burned to death and 200 were seriously injured At least four churches were destroyed many of the bodies were taken by red cross workers Another volunteer to local mortories many people remained inside homes that were set of fire by the demonstrators More good religion baby there you go. Oh at work again I like this one about WLS we'll get to that momentarily That pretty interesting Yeah, not that I'd like that I was way ahead of them, but how many of you I would I start doing exactly what I was thinking? Here's plantation hello Plantation Is going nobody there it would be nice just one time if I put your poline actually are there like the first time without repeating it You think that'll ever happen though? Here's cutler rage hello good morning now see there you go. Oh, I Great I was watching TV couple nice ago and came across Bill Meyer and child 12 Two things that he said stuck to my mind One of them was that these country abuses every other country The second one was the he maintains That what these people didn't in September 11 wasn't cowardly What do I want to want to want to go through that again? Bill Mars a total asshole He deserves everything evil that comes to him to try to say that there was anything courageous about people who killed Three thousand innocent people is guy only an asshole would say something like that okay. I don't want to hear about it To think that he's going on there saying the same crap again is just they're really sad tragic Man is that frost my ass And we got freedom of speech all right, but we also got freedom of having a brain and no one went to use it 560560 and he calls about Joseph Gacky and not Bailey Junior yet. No, no Here's Kendall hello How you doing Neil okay Joe's the Gactic first thing Joe's the Gacky blows and number two But that's not a response Incredible He's terrible. He's fake Yeah Other thing this will make you day maybe saw this maybe didn't I don't know if you get sports illustrated No, I don't well, there's an ad you may want to pick this one up since Tommy Brady's your friend the nice ad for milk in this week's He's milk in it. He's milk in it. Yeah, and he's just sitting there in parish older pads and a glass of milk and I Right thanks for redeeming yourself. That was it. Okay time Brady's a milk in it baby and it's right there in sports illustrated Who's obsessed with Tom Brady and why not something we can all be pleased about 560560 pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line Here's Westchester hello In your eye doing today okay Just wanted to say happy Friday to you and have a good weekend Did you ever find that Cincinnati bankle store and I call the couple weeks ago about it? Did I ever find why? Remember I called a couple weeks ago right before the election was Cincinnati bankle phone Just wanted if you found it or not? No, oh and about Joseph's ackey It's not so why? What is that? Is all that yeah The thing is he's not that he's bad He was a regular be reporter and he's never done sports until like three or four years ago Yeah, well, if you want into the mix I mean You know the old saying you don't know what you've got to look gone well be riddling miss Mark Van Demir I thought he was great. Yeah, and And keep in mind by the way they had a chance for our good close personal friend The former voice the dolphins bills in for he was we're gonna do a U of M football And oh, no, we got to have one right into all the sports you people a U of M man You're really something you know had a chance to have bills in for a guy who did the dolphin broadcast for eight and nine years Do you have M football? Oh, no, we got to have the same guy to all the sports. We're gonna say yeah. I mean Jesus got all mighty But that's our Florida for you baby believe you me. It's bush league that's our Florida sums it up to a tee perfectly 560 50 50 50 50 50 50 80 80 and Verizon line Guys, you want to have some serious fun VIP sportsburg.com that's some serious fun even more exciting And see in Tom Brady and sports illustrate well, maybe almost as much But football but against the heat which ought to be some easy money like taking candy from a baby Oh, bed hockey or anything you want Log on the VIP sportsbook.com now. See how easy the site is to use In fact, make a bet on cover kid the next time he might be playing for the leaves. Don't bet on it soon You don't have to be a high roader to play at the best and then the courses VIP sportsbook.com Or you can bet as little as five bucks So have some fun you might even win some cash at least to be treated like a VIP I bet your horse players out there really gonna enjoy this VIP sportsbook.com pays track odds plus 10 percent You'd be crazy not to bet horses there VIP online casino's great too. They got blackjack they got cramps or slots with a minimum wage or is low as 10 cents We're talking about some serious fun and believe me to rate too much fun at the legal in South Florida But here's some it's easy to sign up online just go to VIP sportsbook.com or give McCall toll free at 1-800 VIP bets VETS sign up now get you that 15 percent cash sign up bonus so go on have some fun by sign it on too VIP sportsbook.com You From a year is I'll show you mine Ladies there's nothing worse than a stinky smell emanating from way down there Oh, believe me your love tunnel can get that way pretty fast from improper care So if you want to clean premium proper love canal you need to use clutter off It's the industrial strength wedge cleaner and it comes in a variety of flavors to please him Strawberry my favorite hold your horses big guy So if you want to clean fragrant love subway get clutter off because soap and water just isn't enough Now where were we? I'm 46 at 56 you can and what's the date for the Victoria's Secret Special in Nigeria? I don't know if you see that let me check the TV guide 351 votes at our pool and take a look at this TV show too much new to the end in decent material The rogers dot com go on here and think about okay diddle around a little bit WLS radio hang up on colors who sound old. Oh, I like that. I was the innovator of that It says if you happen to sound like you're older than 54 like me Regardless of what your actual age may be don't even bother calling in any of the talk shows in WLS you're not welcome anymore WLS in Chicago by the way For those who are uninitiated for those who can't find it on the map Like it or not that's the official work from the new program chief of the ABC owned news talk station In a confidential memo to stackers this week WLS operations director Michael don't call me fudge packer or to them to screen out any old sounding colors no matter what they have to say The director of offers are rare glimpse in the how far one radio station will go to zero in on its target demographic in this case Those advertised are coveted listeners between the ages of 25 and 54 We do not want any colors who sound over 54 packer road. We never air anything content or colors that sounds older than our brave broad target Which is 25 to 54 on occasion when it makes sense will air content or colors ended younger demos But not older demos in other words to make a long story short. They don't want a old old farts on the year A second memo from pack of this week reminded is host and produces to make sure the content of your promo The content of your show and every color screen for airing itself is laser focused on the WLS target the 40 year old Or you talk about how do you do that? How do you do that? What is the 40 year old interested in that a guy 38 or woman 42 was interested in huh? Oh, you know what it is in addition to watch how do you know how somebody calls whether they're 53 or 55? Well, if they sound like it. Ah It's stupid Still pit difficult other people in this business if they sound old not if they're over 55 if they sound old Packer rejoined WLS and September after six years is a radio consultant in the choice Agnolize that he wrote the memos but said they were intensively as internal guidelines I can tell you that we do put some colors on who are older than 54 we said it's whether they're old sounding That's the key not the chronological. Why did you say that in the memo you jackass? You can have a person who's 80 doesn't sound old. I would say that Mike Wallace and Barbara Walters don't sound dual to me Then again you can have a depressed 35 we rolled a does sound old in any talk station is a screen process that takes place So how should Packer's host and produces determine whether a color sounds too old? It's a subjective process that they go through we said they're trained to listen to people and their pace Obviously they're looking for good communicators people are articulate and have something to say and get right to the point What's that gonna start? This man crazy or what they're articulate they have something to say they're gonna get right to the point. Oh this guy's dreaming. I think too much packing In fact, I remember I was him. I wouldn't unpack Here's a call from Boker. Hello Hey your highness on the gallon okay Back on my phone back. Yeah See the echoes always like a warning. It's like a it's like the the radio gods no Here's a call from pepper pine. Hello. Anyhow. How you doing? Okay Well smile lady 89 WLS should bring back John guarantee. Oh with that much packer Doesn't tell you he knows what he's doing who's it was on WLS who does the talk shows on there? Well your good buddy Greg was on there for a little while Greg who the one that keeps coming back like a bad 10-man. Greg you dealt I heard he was at I think he was at LS Oh For maybe about five minutes do you think he unpacked? No, I hope not. He's probably already just can travel as light a toothbrush Easily and a great manual I Had a comment for that last and by the way, I'm on 50 do I sound like I'm 50? No. Okay. Thank you. I would see you sound about 42 Thanks. Oh, that's his George Held up the fingers. You know Now I want to tell you about that other call that's okay if I can see George's fingers from Toronto I'm doing pretty good anyway that's true. That's true. You got me there The the last call that called regarding Joe's a gacky saying he's only doing sports for three or four years Yeah, what kind of drugs is he taken So Gacky was just Gacky since sunny Hurstides a Gacky was doing baseball on behalongies dead about five years six years something like that Because I used to work with sunny and Joe with the old IOD days with Amos doing the UM games down the orange ball like with famous Famous in this yeah famous Amos goble memory in this yeah Okay That was it just wanted to correct the last call. He didn't know what he was talking about But you're not making any comment to about now you listen to Joe doing the games with down Bailey junior occasionally and Question I see See everybody likes to personally so they want to you know they just don't want to say it's just like Carlos you're such a weasel man I think George probably put you up to it He did Being such a weasel all we don't want to say too much. We know because we're in a very delicate position here So we have to weasel of course off there You know Off the earth another storm. I'm gonna start taping our off the air conversations in the morning. Oh, I love that Right, do I say off the earth it is you rip people an ass who Name it and then we get on the air I'll we you say that little you play that little thing there and a little whatever the thing is you got Yeah, the crickets yeah I was doing that right But I was embarrassed by your behavior mister okay even buddy Holly's not too happy with the psychotic mo episode I didn't want to say anything because Who it's after nine must do where are the lie? And I'm sorry. I want you to play that again for me by the way Where is that it's right here at Tandy? I want to hear it again right now right now just be right now Because you just you're so it was wait five seconds and it'll uh you'll start magically you violated the thing sorry Oh What's it in the eye It's just fine I We draw the line Don't give a crap about that grandkish mug No, with this baby nose up hey people's buck Reckham and please until the sense to change his mind Till then That we draw the line Okay, I don't be going over that line again or you might not even be sorry week 7 till noon at 5.60. WQM don't forget joined George tomorrow. I can get commissarate with him. 11 to what it They sink in our wireless an haven't tour a 203 35-bit gain boulevard Stop it once some are usual low budget QN crappy prizes and register to win up front tickets Stop coming panthers hockey game any interest no stop by the sea George making feel like you care Here's Carl Springs hello Yeah, hey doing big man. Okay. Was up Neil Yeah, I don't know I might be in the wrong place you guys are talking way too much about Fudge pack and this thing the home show is it? Yeah, it's a home show listen They guys make fun of Jcd look to whatever Run Jones. What is not river and Jones not river and Jones. No, it's some other asshole 567. Well, you just calm down. I got pretty good ears I know the callers okay if it was like Dennis then I might need you to make it all the last time he called That was not river and Jones okay was Reverend Smith Here's plantation hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Neil. You still watching small bill Yes Every time that show comes on me and my girlfriend we found this thing where every time Lex Luthor comes on the air He says my father. Yeah, I can't even concentrate on the plot anymore because I'm just waiting for my father You notice that yeah That's up funny. No, I never did I never did notice that I was gonna learn game of it He always like looking for a Tuesday night though. I'm telling you once you notice it that's all your concentrate on It'll come on. No, I can assure you that when I'm watching that show I will not be concentrating on anything Lex Luthor has to say You're saying I'm telling you you'll hear about my father. I'm telling you, sir I will not be concentrating on Lex Luthor this guy isn't he don't get it at all doesn't Probably not 163 votes on the pool. I'm telling you George is not gonna be here next week mark my words on that Way over the line Does TV show too much nudity and indecimatoria we ask pretty look warmer spots in fact It responses all this week have been eh, you know not too great That's cuz they're all probably heating up their radio to get over to Russia also looking here is latest response to a time dash How it's what would Jesus listen to The obesity and broadcasting network Anyway, does TV show too much nudity and indecimatoria If you're offended by any show change the fn channel stupid 120 people 60 point six percent of this audience say that Hell no, I want to see much more 74 much more too much violin with the non-nuff sex 46 yes, it needs to be stopped 17 4.6 percent say too much of that racie crap it gets my her pacemaker going and no just to buy to write them out five Who are just barely like a live 12 to one hour Oh, hey All right, uh welcome back to the dazzling B spectacle of the Mohaven and Bigger in the show where I work very very hard And the provide use with intellectuals what whole amusement is Oh Yeah, yeah chocolate don't let them go Go this is the big thing when I drop the bomb oh boy You come to bomb now It's my understanding that those metal is homal done all double who I am see they think they got me Nick well, he did get you right You know You can't do now, but you get you here. Yeah, you go Which boat any oven now kiss it okay All right now. Where was we? Drop into bomb yeah, oh yeah, well actually I got two bombs you see Yeah, as I like the golem little boy and Big boy just like the bomb that white that all the mjipton slopes Those bombs think they got one over on me why I'll show them All right, here's the voice one as a twinge out you're going to only love a name George at this queer hair Oh, no, you see she has an affinity to guys name George Oh, sure, if we need it now got this from a highly trusted source Give me some fan pay here stupid Our midday Fragut friend had intimate a fan with George my house and George Nader Yeah, well that's it that's the bomb Oh, you're so goddamn stupid. You know that you ain't heard nothing yet Okay now, here's the big boy. It just so happens how it's time is a very close in facing loop friend of mine Why certainly these we got as far as a curing good miles for me like that had a broad on Fox news Wow Let me tell you she gave me full service That works on the balls the wait So what about how we go? Don't you let the ko me that Go Let the roll Yeah a picture is. Yeah. Uh-huh. Who said you? Just the other boat on my ass. That's right. Okay. I moved the back side away. That's kind of... Is your photo should come faster? No. Twelve. Twelve. Three and five, sixty-numbered, a QAM. Speaking of tasteless things, they can't lay a glove on them, since the New York Daily News. That was the decision German authorities announced last night. After Wayne charges against Michael Jackson, who touched off that fear or the sweet way to touch off the fear or the fear or the fear. When he dangled his wriggling baby boy from a hotel balcony window, no crime has been committed said police, uh, Berlin police spokeswoman, Clouse Schubbert. Clouse. I was welcome news for Jackson's been a pillory worldwats in two days, six-stunned, which he dipped his youngest child Prince Michael of Tooth over a fourth-door waiting is fans below gasped. Despite some media reports authorities in Santa Barbara, California said he increasingly wacky dad won't face any penalty there, Jackson and his three kids with an appach town north west of Los Angeles on a ranch called Neverland as we know. Never again. Now, this facts, and I'm so pleased that you've facts this to me again. Again, this is what it's all about. This is what talk show callers and talk show facts is all about right here. Now, do you know why he facts me this? Do we win Paul? No. Because earlier in the show, and of course, you probably forget because, you know, he facts us so often actually. You can't separate one from the other. Fact earlier in the show, some in Oculus thing, which I forget about what that was all about. And I didn't read it. I didn't pay any attention to him. He facts us again and says, attention Neil. I guess the Luster is worn off on my faxes. Yes. When we first started, when we first started, like we had some kind of relationship going on. That's a kind of romance, like we were dating. Tom Brady, yes, you know, Paul. When we first started, you stabbed some excitement in your voice. I can't believe you're mad at me. I'm one of your loyal listeners. Have a great Friday, okay, thanks. I was having a mediocre Friday until a super factspaw. It's enough to make me turn against the papers, okay? Roof for somebody who needs some help. I mean, the bears, somebody really crappy. Get out of here to win them, Paul. Another lifeless, desperate auto. Do you know, paying attention to me? I'm a party your life like that other Paul guide. It was on my show when I was 100 years ago. Remember that? Paul Harvey? No, not as guide it was on I&Z. King and my name's David Vagueste, I'm a show he came in and said around with some panel of punks. Oh, I'm a party your life. I was on your show, part of my life, my ass, okay? And I part of my ass either. You idiot? Man. So sad, how many really desperate people are out there? In case you haven't been listening. Here's Miami Springs, how long? Hey, you haven't been in here. Good afternoon. Hey, yeah, there's one comment about Joe Z about the Hurricanes? Yeah. Yeah, yeah, I was at the game last night and anyway, you know, I haven't already with me. And I made sure, you know, when I go in the stadium, that I don't have it on show AM, I have it on WVUM. But anyway, coming out of the stadium, walking out of the stadium, going to my car, I haven't listened to the post game show. And I heard when Joe Z calls on, you know, replayed on post game show. And I thought myself, geez. I mean, this guy has drunk three two liters of Joe, Joe, call me, you know? You know, the very thing I've heard of. I have the other club, but I don't have the moment where the guy went. I don't know how far for the hurricane touchdown. Uh-huh. But that's called air and done Bailey juniors. Come on, come on. I mean, screaming hysterical in the back of that was so embarrassing. If I were them, I just crawl under a table somewhere never could show my head again. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I didn't hear that on B was back. Yeah, that was, oh, that was, oh, what a joke. And evidently, nobody listens to those games on our radio station. It rls the sports they're saying, listen, I'll be cos I'm on. But nobody's got the balls to call them and say it. It's embarrassing. Yeah, humiliating. Yeah, yeah. And here they had a chance to have Zimper, a real pro, one of the real top. Oh, right. I do their games. And instead they got my buddy, Joe Zimper. Right, yeah. And the guy I was with that game, he didn't listen to, you know, Joe Zimper, he also listened to that VM at the game. That's quite, that's quite a commentary right there in itself. I tell you. Okay, well, I want to pay me off. Thanks. Okay, well. Only took us three hours and five minutes to get that response. And if you thought he'd say, if you think he doesn't reach out, I'd be willing to hear that too. But, uh, oh, no, we're not going to talk to you about it. We'll talk to somebody objective like, hey, yeah. I can't go talk to Joe's boyfriend. See what the operas to say about that call. Oh, man. See if you're really a friend, Humper, you ought to be Tom, just just comment down a few matches. You just out of control, you're psychotic. You're psychotic, you're shrieking. Over here. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T line, Miami, hello. Mine, mine, mine, mine. Try Miami again, hello. Neil? Yes, sir. I saw a bumper sticker I'd like you hear about. Yeah, it was that. Speaking of what would Jesus drive? And then, you know, the normally it's, uh, what would Jesus do? The bumper sticker said, what, uh, did I bet Jesus would have used his turn signal? That's all, yeah. Okay. Sharpden leads downtown Miami March for Haitians. Let's hear it for Al Sharp. Oh, not. The Reverend Al Sharpden led more than 200 protesters across the downtown Miami Thursday to call for the release of Haitian migrants who remain in federal detention since waiting assured nearly a month ago. And they've been waiting a long time. Sharpden in the crown chanted, no justice, no pieces to carry signs and march to cross downtown to the torts of freedom on Viscayne Bay. At the rally, Sharpden called for a change in federal policy. There is all new illegal migrants be detained until they're deported or rarely granted asylum. It's a very distressing thing to see people heard it up and treated the way that we do not treat others coming to the West Sharpden be saying. Before the rally, Sharpden went with about 40 of the more than total Haitians detained in the criminal detention center in Southwest State County until then they had wide public support. And courage them first to know that there were thousands of on thousands in Florida and many in the country are with them, Sharpden said. And I'm sure they're really happy to have Al Sharpden on your side, huh? Well, yeah, in their case, they're happy to have anybody on their side. There are no seriously in their case, they can't be too busy. Unfortunately, it has to be him. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon line. Here's Atlanta, hello. Yeah, yeah, I want to have a short shot south part of Sweden. Yeah. 391 votes on the pool. If I was you, I'd go in the other room right now and just slap Carlos or run ahead a little bit. Yeah, just hit him a couple of times in the head. Why am I always skeptical on those, you know what? I was too, but I actually sounded real. Yeah. Why? Because he sounded under 55. Yeah, between 55 and 53. Here's my, I'm, play me, hello. Oh, the, how are you? Okay. This is Don Ed. Two old, two old. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, what? He was the world. How could you hear me laugh? And I had the mic. Oh, that guy was two old. I'm not, no, I'm the one who invented that. WS, that's not me. I created that many years ago. That's why it changed the whole show. Instead of talking to people over 90 years old. That's why there is no more topical talk radio. Only right wing radio, see? Because everybody else with a sense of humor, they got tired of that crap, which unfortunately is very bad for them, but tough crap. I've got to talk to some old cocker like that. That's one of the frog is, but, you know, like walking death with a death rattle in the back. I don't want to hear that. The pressing. 3 every 91 votes on the pool. This TV showed too much nudity and indecent material. Huh? This is all in the wake of that big, and it's a bit similar to what the FCC and everybody else about Victoria's secret. All these right wing goyam out there, who are all whipped up to a frenzy because somebody saw nipple or two ear there. A nipple. There's a big ripple because somebody saw a nipple, okay? And guess who I'd like to have you about it either, gold Mr. Whipple? He's squeezing it. The nipple? No, something else innate to Charm and either. If you're offended by any show, change the FN channels to 237, so that nearly 61% of thisverted crowd. Telling though I want to see much more 80 over 20% want to see more, they want to see some real flesh. Not just a malinger Afri can show. Too much violence none of an upsets and other 50. Yes, it needs to be stopped. 17 4.3% said that. 4% silly people. And no, just the right amount. 6. Well, that's good that we got 6 people up there. Who are just, they got just the right C1? I'm saying. I'm not sure if you're going to be a judge. I'm not sure if you're going to be a judge. I'm not sure if you're going to be a judge. I'm not sure if you're going to be a judge. I'm not sure if you're going to be a judge. I'm not sure if you're going to be a judge. I'm not sure if you're going to be a judge. I'm not sure if you're going to be a judge. I'm not sure if you're going to be a judge. I'm not sure if you're going to be a judge. I'm not sure if you're going to be a judge. I'm not sure if you're going to be a judge. I'm not sure if you're going to be a judge. I'm not sure if you're going to be a judge. I mean, it's got a stupid. You know, come on here. And I'm screaming and raining and raving about the fact that the right wing, they got all the talk radio and they got all the cloud and they got everybody all whipped up and at the liberals and the moderates and anybody to the left of it. It's all the hunt. It doesn't care. And then I'm trying to whip everybody up. I don't care anyway. What's the point in that? I must be getting pretty stupid my old age. Over 54 stupid. Yeah. That's me. Uh, I think George just did anything. Well, I hear in TFO's George will not be there next week. He's going to be on suspend to the sentence marked by word. But before he starts his suspension, he'll do that appearance to mark as he gets paid for it. You want to go on that suspension? Okay. In fact, maybe this'll be the one that everybody talked about. They thought you were going to get before when somebody was trying to get your can that we don't talk about after nine a week of penance. Over your medmeticoriny informalas are damn good stuff. Baby, years ago, as it in years ago, the Greeks, the Italians, the Spaniards, they discovered that olive oil is really great stuff. It's good for you. And that's why oldio made it so good. Because that's what it's based on. The finest olive oil and money can buy when those little capsules combine with other good stuff. Vitamins, minerals, urinals and all kinds of other great nutrients. Scientifically decided to provide natural nutrition solutions to help you support specific health needs. Look for all of your meds. Three great new formulas. There's one to help you sleep. One to help you control your weight and co-q 10. I'll use in the benefits of pharmaceutical rate olive oil. Like I said, the best under the sun. All of your meds are outstanding. New product that you pick up just about all of your time because more and more people are searching for it and grabbing it. You'll find it at publics, records and Walgreens. If you want to get more information call Oliomid Tool Free and 1-866 Oliomid. That's 1-866-665-36633. You can also order their products online at Oliomidamerica.com. And if you're visiting your publics and buying Oliomid product in Dane Broward, you can still get one of those coupons for a free Larry Coker Bobblehand dial. He's at the 50th of part of that. Well supplies last. I got to get that tape. In fact, that's your assignment Carlos. Get to the tape of that long touchdown run that day at last night. Yep. I don't exactly wish we were talking about that. Oh. Ah. Don't forget to visit their sampling video in its sports center. We send him with the dolphins or plane home games. Pick up some free Oliomid, start poppin it in your push real soon. Why? And local. We're sports radio 566-666. You, A, yeah. Why do you best in? Oh, right. Oh, that has really pleased going away. I didn't wait to attack the big Oval. And eat your Oval. Till you explode. Who are? Just like your fat fat child in ladies. Have you by too seen some of blame? Spending your fingers that have yellow stain from Jesus. And see your toes. After piggy poo knows. How to be fat disgusting and pasting your Ooy. You make the childhood pain in the smile. They like the cows who's fat and sad thing. Smell the bad soul. You pull so thin by your body. Cheese smells like a grandpa. Appler it was occupied by head past their need of shoe more to get into your car. Cushard you got him. Why? Oink and squeal. Oink and squeal. Oink and squeal fat lady. Live in with your numberless bean. Lover in and start to let tree between their bean. Mesh material yeast. Smell fishy to me. That is a fat woman that's moist and tasty. Hey. From 1995-60 WQAM. Pains almost over. Mad dog will be a longer one. We're 100-1 votes and that's a pretty lame if you ask me. 560-60 pound-560 on the AT&T line. Here's Pompano. Hey, how you doing? Did you do the what would Jesus drive thing yesterday? How that work out? Who's Jesus came up on top? And then after that close on it's behind was a cat like the old Jukeanu. Terrific. You know, you remember that picture that the National Enquirer published of Jenna, Bush and her sister rolling around drunk. Yeah. Remember that? Yeah. Well, why not? Somebody came up with something to piss off the Jesus Christers. And they put that picture on a mug and they had WWJD. What would Jenna drink? Yeah. That's right. I told her with vodka and I get to drink vodka and liquor like this. Family values to the max. Outstanding. Take care. Have a great day. I like that. If I could hold a barbra, I'd drink vodka and liquor. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 60, on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. Here's Boker, hello. Hey, Neil, I got a hot request for you. Oh, what? A hot request. A hot request. Hockey. Yeah. You must be joking. No, really. I just the question. I could never understand. I have to do. If they go and leave the cleaves to play the puck, why does he not fall in the same rules as all the other players not there and get in check? No, they leave. You know, please, the, the, the thing is, it's real. Well, technically theoretically he's supposed to be, you're supposed to be able to hit him, but because the rules are all geared to a protecting gold tender and he's at all that heavy equipment on, he would have can't do that. That's to the reason why. Okay, one more question. I want statement. I want to tell you that I had to set some different things in my life as we all have, but I never, ever, ever setting two or part of my life. Oh, no. See, see the, the previous part was just a pretty right. Now, which, which Paul is that? Is that the New England Paul is at the other Paul? I don't know. That's the other one. That's the one for my N.Z. Who did say that repeatedly, by the way. No, you didn't say I was part of your life. You said you were part of my life. How do you like that? He's still there. He's like the Nazi lady and little joy in all of our other, uh, chronics from the past, even Paul Harvey Jr. They're all gone. Yeah, you did see it. He was. He was. Huh? Paul Harvey Jr. How do you know that? I can feel it. No, you can. He's not there. He's not there. They're all gone. In fact, maybe that was a good deal. I did those seven months of bedtime stories because I think we kind of cleansed out a certain portion of the audience. You want to be pleased about that. Yeah. At least if we see we still got rich, the actor, he's still faction and he's not a caller anyway. He's still faction and facts in pretty good stuff lately. So he's probably got a smirk on his post because Paul Harvey Jr. He had, he, uh, bailed out. But Rich Pactor, he's loyal. He'll be on the phone before the end of the show you watch. Who's that? Paul Harvey. Paul Harvey saw how fast this guy was on there. Starts out pretending to be calling about a hockey quote, which had nothing to do with anything else instead of like it right to it and have it as discussion about it like a man and then clicks the phone down. Sure you said it. You're an overrun child and you still listen. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Oh, it was Hollywood. He confused me for a second. I mean, here's my, it says Miami and my screen man. Look around you. I'm in Hollywood. I'm on 441. Is anybody, is there anybody speaking English there? No, there's Indian dollar around me. Oh, okay. Okay. You're sort of by the bingo. Look at them. I was going to tell you, um, yeah, the caller called the, uh, the four of the last. I think what he's trying to do is compensate that he's going to be other extreme and doing these play by play games and screaming and hitting his sterile. To try to show that he's not boring. Well, you don't have to get his sterile to be not boring. No, yeah. That's, that's why he's most likely when he's trying to go excited and hyped up because he doesn't have that natural, you know, voice them like some of the other guys. Like the guy van the mirror last year. That's great. Joe, there are dogs on the ear like my little dog belongs on the ear. Hey, um, uh, Neil real quick. I had to say I got a lot of respect for you. All right. I'm really glad you started taking calls back again. You know, I just think of a little more to show. But, um, well, first of all, today, I mean, look at the recalls we've had today. No, I know. I actually, I did. I was one of those calls, the list and forever and then they sort of was like, you know, change the station afterwards. But whatever, I'm glad I'm glad you're taking calls real quick though. Um, the reason why I said a lot of respect for you is because, um, unlike, uh, fat heck that comes up later. You know, when he gets a crank, he's calling you back on your phone. Uh, why you cranking my show? He told one of his little guy, why do you crank your my show? I'm going to report you to a crank caller. Well, good for him. Good for him. But come on, uh, Neil, good to see you, man. I got a little fat saggy bro. That's, that's. That's gay. That's gay to call people back when they're like disrupting your attempt to do, you know, earn a livelihood. More power to him. I only wish that we had to believe to do that if we had the caller ID. How are they doing that? Start 69. Remember they have a staff. I got a whole bunch of people that I got 15 points on each year. We got Carlos. Do you have that tape by the way of Joe doing that to call on that long-tipped them? That, yeah, almost. This is cute. This is cute. This thing about Steve Kane. This is cute. Okay. See, I wouldn't waste my time with Mr. Ego that much time as long as to read that facts, because there just aren't that many people who have any ID who he is anymore. Here's, you got it. It's been in time for what? 20 years. Never had a number. On any station, even on station said, at big numbers like W.S. News at the time. Never had a number. Even when he followed you? No, he never had a number when he followed anybody. He never followed me. I was on at night. He was on three to seven. Did I OD? Oh, that's true. He didn't have a number of the first book. And then after they heard enough of the same old tired stuff that can drive crap every day. Plus, he started showing up late because he was busy doing baseball card shows. You know, it's there coming in about three, 15 totally unprepared. Well, let's have another one of our hate seminars. Call in and tell me why you hate me. And then the guy would call in. I use that. And then he would hang up. And like that. I remember those? Yeah. Yeah. Call in and take your by shot. See, it's your ready for. And then I thought I'm going to. Anytime he did that, you knew that he was totally unprepared to do a radio show, which was a lot. But nevertheless, you know, you got to hand it to him. The number one homophobic and soft photo when he's got so much competition. 26 past noon at five, 60 WQM. Poppino Park is open for live harness racing every Monday. Let me say it again. Every Monday wins day Friday and Saturday. First post time, 715 PM. Free general parking. Free clubhouse. Free grants and admission every afternoon and night. So my not come up for an evening of great horse racing action. Make a lot of cash. Route home a winner from the rail. Treat yourself to a private box seat on the fourth floor. Or enjoy a Ben and Jerry hot flood Sunday. Where slice of a lot of these pizza. That was my favorite call today. Think of it. And it said, Oh, yeah. You turned me out of that Ben and Jerry's ice cream. What else do you like? There's plenty else that I like, Mr. But ain't none of your business. Live racing on Monday starts this Monday. November 25. Plus the Browd County fairs underway. Pumpino Park through December 1. Make it a double header with the trip to the fair night at the races. Don't worry that every year I don't forget. Or worry that every Wednesday is dollar night. You can get a draft beer hot dog. So to large pretzel or popcorn. Only a bucket piece Wednesdays at Pumpino Park. And of course the excellent top of the park dining room on the sixth floor is open. Every live racing night for fine dining. Featuring chef Kirkwood A's nightly special. The best seafood state's primary dinners in town. And maybe even like a little ice cream too. Every seat of the top of the park. As you a panoramic view of the races with a load. Private TV monitor take a look at it in the racing. There's also a great all you can eat. Perfect on the Ford 4 players lounge. Only 10.95 per person every racing night. Pumpino Park also offers full card. Samo casting every day of your life. Seven days and nights a week starting a. Doing with high light harness and third grade racing action. From all across North America. Watch out here comes Tony Kerwood on the far outside. Pumpino Park on Powerline Motor Black. South Atlantic Boulevard. Don't forget. Now into the full racing schedule. Four live nights a week. Every Monday Wednesday Friday and Saturday 7.15 at Pumpino Park. My life and look. This is for sure. You're the guy who sucks. Okay. All right. All right. Home lens security microphone. Sitting in the car of five al Qaeda AIDS. Recorded this incident. Due to the graphic nature of this recording. Parental discretion is advised. Come on. Let's go. We're going to be late. You're taking a closer than coming. Closing doors. Let's go. I just had to put the stuff in their trunk. That. She's looking at us. My wife forgot to fill it up. Oh, you're going to have to kill her. I'll take her head off. Remember to kill her when we get home. Okay. Kill your wife when we get home. All right. Let's go. Run trip. Run trip. Hundred bottles of beer. Hundred bottles of beer. Oh, you're thick. But now. Let's go. Hey, you know what? It's very hot in here. Can you turn the air conditioning on? It's no air conditioning. It's no air conditioning in the car. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. What's that smell? Sorry. Did you fart? Sorry. I had a philosopher before I let it off. Oh, for crying a lot. Now you can open the window. That's things like a dead new. Slow down. Slow down. Slow down. Oh, yeah. Slow down. I'm getting shicks. Slow down. You're not throw up in the car. Even though the smell of the fart is bad. Do not throw up in the car. Please. Because I never get that smell out. The fart at least I wrote down the window. Everything's five. Go on the club compartment. Get one of them crowns. I'm all out of the crown there. Freshenders. I got the pine tree left. Okay. Don't throw up. Don't you throw up. Just wait. There's a rest up. And the hundred and seventy five miles. Next to the McDonald's. We'll hope you are up. Good. Just hold it. All right. All right. Let's go. Go. Check this out. Go. Go. Go. You see the spot on this woman. He like 50 or 60 or something like that. Okay. And I'm going to make the nice and another car. Yeah. Beautiful. And the same thing. And the quality. Isn't that nice? This is coming from a long way away. Wow. How about those two in America? Still looking for those kids. Here we are at the open road. Woo. Woo. I'm going to the one that wants to go. And we should hasten to put out that the guy to call me for about hanks. People are screening the crank calls. He's obviously want to hanks the cranks. Hanks cranks. Yeah. 1233 at five, 60 WQM. Here's a facts from David Weston who says, My two four year old sons can do a better job. broadcasting on their Mr. microphone. Then Josie and Don Bailey. I'm so really correct. You got that tape yet, Carlos? It's coming. Yeah. It's coming. So is the next circus, too. Here's that story. I promise George. A union sponsored protest. Rally's at Wal-Mart stores across the nation yesterday to draw attention to the retail giant salary and benefit policies. Ticketers were asked into the Arkansas base company's home state. In March of State, judge and Arkansas issued a permit injection prohibiting the United Food and Commercial Workers International Union from soliciting inside Wal-Mart buildings and stores. Union spokesman Greg Deneer said members of what an Arkansas would have to concern about. What response day course would have to the pickets. Wal-Mart uses the judicial system in the state of Arkansas to vote at interest. Then you're said from a rally in Alexandria, Virginia. We state out basically because of the court injunction over the concern of what Arkansas courts might do on behalf of Wal-Mart. The union says it's joined with more than 120 nonprofit groups and other unions. And it's efforts to improve the lot of Wal-Mart workers. The groups want Bentonville Arkansas based Wal-Mart stores. Ain't the world's largest private employer to pay workers more and improve benefits. About 100 events were held in 40 cities. And so each rally had 500 to 1000 people. Wal-Mart released a statement saying it hoped the rallies don't deter shoppers. We think it's unfortunate that the unions using these rallies to discredit our company. The Wal-Mart release said we are confident our customers will keep the union activity in perspective. The union contends that Wal-Mart workers don't earn a decent wage with an average salary of seven and a half bucks an hour. What Carlos, which is he was making ad. And nearly two thirds have no health insurance at all. The company said it offers universal or rather unrivaled career opportunities and treats work as well. I mean the offered treats. It like dog treats. Think into that. What a segue. It's only by accident. I got a great story that I love them. We get to momentarily 15,000 years with man's best friend. This is a weird nice story. The type bond between dogs masters on leash research surprises. How you like that? I'm going to tell you again right now. Anybody out through that like a dog. You ain't, we're just going to cut your ass away. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami. Hello. Yes sir. Yeah. Little Joey. Oh no. What a shock. Where have you been? You said where I was everybody gone, so. Yeah. You know, I didn't say where's everybody gone. I mentioned a few you were people by name and you came through which was shocking to me. I was shocking. I just, I have it said, if you like you said it, you have nothing to say then there's no need to call. Oh, how many asked you when did you ever call me now? At one time, because you said that your lovely wife is a teacher in the lead county school system. And at one time you called, you had something very profound to say. But other than that over the years, I don't recall you ever having anything to say. No, then again, I wasn't in the right state of mind most of the time. But that's, you know. You're not going to be a stone out of your mind because you're using your own samples. Is that what you're trying to say? Most probably, yes, but I can't behave like that now. Now how's the drug business going? I don't know. I've been out of it for a couple of years. And what are you doing these days? I'm a CPA. You're a CPA? Yeah. Really? Really? How do you go from being a detail man with CPA? Well, I got tired of being a detail man. So I went back. Got a masters. And, uh, who? Woo! And I've been a CPA now for two years. Well, I'll be damned. How's your lovely wife doing? She's doing fine. She's back, uh, again, teaching. And she had last year off because we have a 50-month-old daughter. So little Joe has got a baby. Yep. And old stem, he's got probably about five or six by now. All these punks man from the Zayda days. They've all, they're all reproducing. I know because you're my husband. I'm scared. I can't. I really can't. All right. Well, thanks for responding, man. I was a real creep. I have, I've never left so. You've even, even during the event time story days, huh? Exactly. Now, let me get you on a step in. Don't touch with me here because you've been around a long time. Now, what's your opinion about that? About the event time stories and these calls. The calls, I would say, I prefer the calls. Yeah. The, uh, it got, it got to the point where sometimes it was a little bit pondered. But it would, it never got to the point where it would force me to switch the channel. Oh, thank God for that. Because that was a free-word game going to lose Rick the Mailman. Thanks, Joey. Give your wife a kiss for us. You got to, oh, if you get a tape of the touchdown, get a tape of the first touchdown, because it sounds like both of them are like two teenagers having their first orgasm ever. Yeah, that's exactly what I heard. It was, uh, be on believe. Take care, Joey. All right, see ya. Take a bite. How do you like that little Joey? And we had my good friend Paul who's a very important part of my life? What? Why does he deny that? And then he starts out with it. Why do you people play such games? Why don't you just, I mean, we're a zillion miles apart. It's over the phone. It's anonymous. I mean, I'm here. You're there. What difference does it make? You call up and you say, hey, so I was a little carried away. But I'm still out here, listen, as opposed to making up some stupid ass hockey question, which is just a way to try to negotiate in soccer. Nobody there gives a flying F about hockey. A flying fig, as they see on passions. And I still think that show is going off. Which is a shame. I mean, we just keep seeing that same thing every day with Antonio. We're going to tell for Antonio and share it. I'm again, I've already made something happen on there. Okay? And bring back somebody that used to be on a show beside all these new way in pastus. Brother, I thought the old Gwen was ugly. This one's got to talk about a sour push. And George once told me, said there's nothing worse than a sour push. Very little worse. For a hundred and twenty two votes, I want to see 500 on there by the time the show ends. What we're going to do, see, because I'm sick and tired of watching all these right wing assholes. And I realize I'm only on this one little station because my agent is an overgrown child who wants to be a baseball player. But let's try to whip these pastures up a little bit. You know what I'm saying? You think it'll work? No, let's try anyway. Okay, let's get an A for effort. Let's get something for effort, A. I do like Canada, though. Let's say to that. Oh, light years ahead. Light years ahead. People with education. People who have some idea where to help me all are on the map, eh? As opposed to that thing that I read earlier that I still can't get over it. It makes you weak. Makes you weak. Like how Martin was voice. It makes you weak. It makes you feel like somebody else slapped you up the side of the head and bring it back to reality. And then you realize it is reality. It's freaking America for you. Well, that was great here from Joey. Oh, that made a worthwhile. At least he gave me an honest answer. He didn't beat around the bush. He didn't do like George. Oh, we enjoyed the bandage, Gary. What? That's my opinion. You're a follow-up crap. You're probably behind my back down there. Boy, here he goes, Rhina. In fact, there were a few times I noticed new nodding off. On Wester that was last week. But that's why George is getting the weak off. Next week, he's going on the KC. We don't play those games like Defoe used to do, y'know? Every time Defoe take vacation, we'll go to the game, Goli. Oh, he's in rehab now. Yeah, he's in. Yeah. And of course, then we're in CNN. If you'd like to blow him quite well, then when Defoe actually had a go to rehab and give cool out there with an ankle bracelet. Uh, nobody believe that story. Remember those days? Every time an vacation, oh, he's in rehab with his gambling problem. He's got a billboard by the way. Defoe's got a billboard. Nice billboards for us, Greg. No. Not. Sack a crap. Storyteller. Provericator. Frick and liar. Oh, yeah. We're going to billboards when he'll come back in a fall. We're going to do this. Yeah, right. Since there would as Jeweloyer looks you right in the eye and just lies and lies like a champion. If they had the lying Olympics, nobody could touch him with a stick. But have a nice weekend, Greg. 1241 at 560 WQMD. Lights a West Booker. You low-carb shirt or free-accons that superstar has got a spectacular new selection of low-carb cookies. Man, in fact, if you don't want to eat them, you can just stand around and toss them around. 14 different cookies from three different bakers. You're all delicious, peanut butter, chocolate chocolate chip. That sounds really good. Lemon, coconut, all sugar free or low-carb. Stop by the lights and you can sample these or any other great products try before you buy. I lost four pounds and three days on anacons. I'm still the same today because I ate some stuff yesterday. But four pounds and three days ain't bad. And just recently, there were all those stories just a couple of days ago. I think on Monday about ackeens, they're starting to make believers out of everybody. And it brings down your cholesterol and brings down your triglycerides way down. And it's not the bunch of crap that a lot of people try to poop over the ears. Remember all those poop wars, sure. And be sure to check out their new low-carb red called Synthely low-carb red. Spread some of that new-lon-nuba jam on it. And you've got yourself a great low-carb breakfast. Just jam on it. And of course, as your official icons that retail center, the lights of West Booker sells every ackeens, brand product. 20% off every day. Today, tomorrow next morning, circus a week from Tishabov every day. So, lose the weight on ackeens and find a store that sells your all products geared for you. You're open 10 till 10 every day and the corner of Glades in 441. And prestigious Voka. Call 1-877 low-carb or check them out of the web if you like it low-carb.com. Don't forget, the lights of West Booker is your official atkins retail superstore. And low-cow. This is 42562. You and who are you? Bush! F**k! Oh, right. Alright. I really think you better than yours. I believe, see what's required to avoid a leg of fire. I really think you better than yours. I really think you better than yours. I really think you better than yours. Well, by religion, every day, binge-reend, range will be, I really think you better than yours. I am the origin standard of your vision. I really deserve yours. But we like about your best. I find the voice and wear redress. My vision is better than yours. But you really deserve it. I deserve it. I deserve it. I really deserve what the religion is. We have no reason to go to heaven. Private have to make good living by religion. I really deserve it. I really deserve it. You deserve it. It's done. I really deserve it. It's done. I deserve it. Supercombra yle voices. We fire pigs, ging. It's done. I really deserve it. We were beating him. Don't we lose our family with their money? Thanks. My religion is better than your religion. We are not on doorstep, father. You like older, brush the spew-eyed view of the primary religion better than your own. But who keeps better than your religion? My religion is my better than your own. We wear ties and wide archites and get to every line of wives. My religion is better than yours. My religion is better than yours. My religion is better than yours. We don't want to use our brains for mindless living, our brain, my religion is better than yours. It will piss off about this mess, so we'll compensate. And let's go out and kill some people, what do you say? Sure, you first. Walmart was also one of the biggest out of stake contributors to Jim Bush's reelection campaign, somebody who runs us on facts. So we hate to be more now. Rich Pactors are going to be too happy about this next voice. That's why I called. And the factor is still an asshole. In fact, I hear he's going to show on Fox. It's going to be called the Pactor Factor. What will it be about? Sponsored by Max Factor. It'll be all about you and the fact he needs you like poison. You never did anything wrong with him. And you're still doing that phony breathing thing. You still do that. In fact, Rich suggested to me by Faxa couple of days of voice is your Paul Harvey Jr. A real good suggestion to have the stop breathing. That's what he said. I don't know what he meant by that. He's not done. What? He's not obsessed with me. I don't know. I don't know what that's all about. I think you guys probably had a spank. I wouldn't start his end of the steam room. I'm sorry. That must have been it. He said, I might have just snapped me on your cue. A little butt with a towel just once or twice. And you kept running away. That's why I'm saying that. So let me ask you what complexion are you today, sir? You know what? I haven't had a carriage use and I can't tell you how long. So that's a safety nasty. You know, when we first met, it was E-Mac and Volio. Do you remember those days? Of course. And I was on a 60-day carriage use fence. And you gave me a look. You know, bright orange. But anyway. You know what? This is the original of the carriage top. I don't want to have anything to do with the chronic. So you have now. I mean, there is a there is a no content. Yeah. Yeah. So what are you trying to say? Good boy, wait a minute. Have you been listening all along? Continuously? On and off. You know, the answer to the I swap between you and Tony Bruno. Tony Bruno. Yeah. It's your. I'm sorry. And then when you go to station with a weak signal. I get him up here and both of them. Yeah. But anyway, now, and then once he goes off with you 100%. I just don't, I just don't have the desire to call you. If you don't take calls. It's just I don't want to be associated with it. Yeah. How many calls you got there? Absolutely. As soon as I got to. But 98%. I mean, you remember Arnold E.J. Not landing lady. I know it does. And I'm that contributed to the show. This is backwards. Dave Capri, didn't the bird was still looking so much. Yeah. That was not on this station. And of course, don't forget. Thanks for calling. I'm due to parted friend. I heard I became very good friends. What is it? I became very good friends. Thanks for calling lady. You knew her? Oh, my God. I remember her. And I have an 15-minute conversation. I want you out of her three shows. How about that? She's the what she's so alive. No, she just died a couple weeks ago. That's why she doesn't see you. You haven't been listening. You haven't been listening. I must have. I must have missed it. We're going to put you in the lying Olympics with Greg Reed. Now, start to think you might win it. Well, anyway, head now to Vegas. The whole month of January. You're going to be out there working. Absolutely. Excellent. Okay. Have a good one. All right. Dave. Told you. He hasn't been listening. Thanks for not letting me down. Trophic, 115, 60 WQAM. The number one Chinese buffet in the universe is the airmo coast. Go to this weekend and pick out. Winning down. Pick out. Three locations for you. They're in sunrise. They're in North Miami Beach in the brand of win and pepper pines. Start your mouth watering eating experience with six different soups. Then sampled dozens of succulent entrays. Like Oriental Surf and turf on a weekends. And of course, New York Stiftig made two year order the way you like it. At the gourmet center that sizzling Asian grill featuring Teriyaki steak shrimp, chicken seafood, even ham, car and primer. And again, all cook two year order the way you love it. And no crap at the year old coast. No MSG. No fatty oils. And in fact, they use only cholesterol fee oils and all are cooking. And certainly no cornstarch. Just really good healthy stuff. Number of faith features a full salad bar. New sushi bar. Fresh from cocktail too. And Emerald Coast famous lobster fest is back featuring lobster thermadores and lobster Bisc. One requirement at the Emerald Coast. You got to try to leave some room for dessert. Pies, cakes, pastries, ice cream with all your favorite toppings and fresh fruit. Even watermelon folks. It's a perfect ending to a gigantic feast. Emerald Coast now with three locations that they're in sunrise. Pine Island 44th Street. Now they're in college. On college seven, just north of 16th, third north by me beach. And at the intersection just slow down at the intersection of flamingo and pepper Croats and pepper pines. Emerald Coast accept reservations. Take out and delivery available as well. Call 9 5 4 5 7 2 38 22 9 5 4 5 7 2 38 22. Look for the new Oriental chicken salad to this weekend. When you take the whole gang in for a gigantic feast at the Emerald Coast Chinese buffet. The five local fish is five-six. The re-use of yours. The black QAM. Oh! Oh! Oh! Have a million dollar weekend. All right. I've only used the M 506. Here's my story San Batrou. A bottle called Stiffle and so. Had a bucket ran it around. Gave it to every guy in town. Hey! Hey! Hey! I shouldn't have known from the spot on the land. I didn't know with the Euro-Leandro. A bottle won't always be with you. So stay away from the Stiffle and so. Took him close. I shouldn't see my eyes. Stiffle and so the friend of mine. You got to think to know I got to do. So keep away from the Stiffle and so we here. Keep away from that girl. Hope that the sooner we'll do now. Keep away from soon. She likes to see from her home. Yeah! It's dinner with my best at home. We didn't think that's not a true call. Now I'm afraid it's falling off. Here's the more love is going on. But the guy who's the most used to have a horse Where this bucket goes. And it's getting full. I'm jealous. I keep away from the Stiffle and so we here. I think we're practicing at a point. He's admitting he's just seen the pony. Oh, brother. That's got to tell you a lot, don't. He always was kind of a silly person anyway. 1258 and you know something I'm not going to have time for my deluxe story. Oh no. It's all saved until money. It'll last. It's certainly nothing at the longest time. You know, it's last forever. 46 votes on I pull. This TV showed too much nudity and indescent material. This is on the heels, of course, that horrendous thing they showed when it's denied. What was it called again? Victoria.