And we'll see what happened. Jed Weaver will line up with the first group But the thing that's happened because of Alonso being not, it's really given Randy McMichael an opportunity and he's first five practices and now we're talking about him. We're saying, you know what, we gotta make sure that this guy gets enough work with the good guys. Be patient quiet. And I don't need to listen to Bernie Fag, party Frank, crying in my ear because I've made a few bucks out of a book that we're done. And here, close him up heads, it's read. Janet boobs a granite renal. And I am hot man. I am peored. Just plain old half-doth. What name a Sam Hill half in is what I want to know. First they had trouble with dangling chance. Now they got these touch screen jobies that don't work worth a crap. I think they got him from Jet Blue. Some of them hold ones they used to play electronic poker on. I mean having some fancy, this is voting it's serious. I know that after the recap, I will beat a victim. Actually, let me clarify, I will still beat Janet. But I also beat Victor. Capiche. I gotta hear if I'm mind it getting my red toyota 4x4 pickup and head down to Havanna. I'll load up some locals and put this thing over the tab. The biggest problems were indeed in Broward counties. Two of my strongest areas. I mean I personally slept over 4,000 men and women in most aforementioned areas, which should have shifted me certain victory. But instead, I gotta put a whole ski on my new victory party. The hammer's nails I'm freaking. Not to mention in the middle of this whole mess of crap. One of my beans went bad on me. I'll bitch it dollars to donuts had little faster daily and Gonzalez had something to do with this. Either that or that, that D&M arena. I never bought him that full ice attorn or glove-dealy bad. You ain't heard the last from Janet boobs and Graham at Reno Florida. You go boy, it's not 03 at 5.60 WK. Hey, happy you Thursday, you're the son of a shine on another great day. It is beautiful, baby. You know what they sound great days? What? That's what they say. Oh, I got some interesting stuff. Rumor yesterday in the Mad Dog show about somebody's wife and the stands of the Dolphin game at PPP Park on Sunday. We're in a Jets cap. I don't want to mention any names. An embarrassing and the other rumor that I'm here in is that somebody in spite of the fact put not a big front to even you would know that the Dolphin colors are aqua and orange. Even you know that. Of course, because you've seen all the promotional crowds of Dolphin fans in 1972. Were you really? You're a wagon, japa. Vanwagon, japa. But at any rate, somebody was a rumor is something his their vera closed veins painted green and white. Which last time I checked those are the Jets colors. Even George knows that. What green and white? See, I guess most people assume that if you're like sitting down, it'll be kind of pressbox somewhere or like be hunting anything that people can't see your veins. But when you get out there on the golf course, you forget about that. And people realize that you got your vera closed veins painted green and white and then your wife is wearing a Jets cap in a stance. It doesn't print a pity. Right, exactly. Can I set a bit of myself? Here's a facts. Right email. A George gun. Now this is on your email. Correct. Okay. We don't want you to start to pass it around other people's emails again. Because I don't have the energy to go through that too much of that crap again. We're gonna do anything like that again. It says I was just this is a written to George. I was just surfing the website and stumbled on the picture of Howard David. The piece he's wearing doesn't need look like roadkill. Now I see what the fuss is all about. Well, we got a lot of heavy duty stuff today, but let's get started right on a light note. Somebody passes this this. It says one day a teacher read the story, chicken little to her class. She came to the part of the store where chicken little tried to warn the farmer. She read and so chicken little went up to the farmer and said, the teacher pausing the answer class and what do you think the farmer said? And one little girl raised her hand and said, I think he said, holy Schmidt, a talking chicken. That's older than you are, you know. That's cute. Cute. Kind of cute. Our poor yesterday's big and a cute we had 846 votes on smallville. That's pretty good. What's your take on the TV show smallville? 619 people said take a hike. They don't watch it. 73.1%. But still, you know, that leaves the other almost 30%. Lana flicks my bick 72 desperately. Horny guy said that that's 8.5%. I love it. And the show two 52 people said that. It's okay 43. And I listen with this crowd when they say it's okay. That means, uh, must be okay. You want to mean it's okay. Don't tell me it's okay. You like what I voted for. Anyway, 43 said, uh, I hated it blows 38, which is a pretty small, uh, negative number for the sour pie that we got out there. And Tamole is God 22, which means we just don't have any fags or women left listening anymore. Damn it. Here's today's poll question. See, I was going to say this for like a little bit later, but I better do now, because it's so goddamn complicated. Look at this two four six eight choices on here. And did you fact that Eric? Showed it. Because we don't want to interrupt his brunch. It is the Thursday brunch day. We do want to interrupt that up there in Orlando. I bet you they got some great places in Orlando, like for the old Farts, tours, trappy kind of places, Uncle House, that kind of stuff. No, I'm not talking about waffle house. I'm talking like about, um, what's the place? What do you hold the cafeteria place? We're old Farts. Morrison's Morrison's is one of them. And then there's another one. There used to be that one called Duffs. We'd have to gum everything. If you had a chance, here's the poll question today. If you had a chance to recast your two thousand vote for president today, what would you do? Now here's your eight choices. Okay? I vote the same for Gore. I vote the same for Bush. I vote the same for a Nader. And by the way, we will track those people down. You want to say they would vote for Nader? I voted for Bush, but now I vote for Gore. I voted for Gore, but now I vote for Bush. Are you following this? Right? I voted for Nader, but now I vote for Gore. I voted for Nader, but now I vote for Bush. Or I didn't vote in 2000. I can't see any other choices. Now that's it. I already facts this to Eric. So you don't have to worry about my reading at real slow. But I will read it again for the audience. Because some of them are a little bit slow. Uh-huh. If you catch my grits, especially this early in the morning. If you had a chance to recast your two thousand vote for president today, what would you do? I'd vote the same for Gore. I vote the same for Bush. I vote the same for Nader. I voted. I voted for Bush, but now I vote for Gore. I voted for Gore, but now I vote for Bush. I voted for Nader, but now I vote for Gore. I voted for Nader, but now I vote for Bush. I did vote in 2000. Actually, when you start reading them like over and over again, we'll face it's almost amusing. You know? More pathetic is the case. Maybe speaking of pathetic. A referee in a football game will blow the whistle. When the personal foul has been committed. There is jujury, brimman. How can a China? Is only he can do? Boy, oh boy, you know something. If a word so tragic, and if there weren't so many lives at stake. And the future of the freaking human race and this whole planet. If or for those things. All of this business would be very amusing. Right, high comedy. Because this is a cash to really a tragic character. It's a cash to sad, sad, hallucinatory idiots. Speaking of idiots, Justin's loose-lips sync pure image. S-Y-N-C, of course. And Justin, no close that are on your way out. Bye bye bye! Justin Timberlike has confirmed about many of long suspected about his relationship with Britney Spears. Pop music's biggest couple of god-on on reports the New York TV News. Oh. Oh, so early in the morning. You know something in fact Eric made drop on those breakfast burritos. They were super-sized ones. He made drop-on on a shoe. I don't imagine he's wearing any shoes. Do you think so? Probably not. Are you? No. Well, why don't you do wear shoes when nobody's around. Nobody's looking. Okay, the person who's wearing a shoe. That is Japanese wife. Big knot, I wear shoes. I have to Japanese a little bit in the bed like leaving your shoes. Red or correct. Tuesday morning when the instinct singers in fact some Japanese restaurants I think have that thing where you can like leave you. Yes, that's that idea in the public situation. It all depends on how bad your feet sound. The point. Yeah, but when you're eating some of that Japanese something that suits you, who would have would know the difference. Oh, trust me. It might actually improve the arrow. I can't imagine eating sweets. I don't like the taste to begin with. I just can't imagine eating something as kind of like looking back at me. I mean, so she smells like nothing. Kind of like a Rick Riley me, you know, like back at you. It's just that I is staring back at. Oh, Tuesday morning when instinct singer stopped by the New York Radio Station hot 97. The station's morning DJ tried to rain aka star. Promosted play timber like new single like I love you 30 times a week if you tell just one secret, which was star as tinkerbell. If you ever share to certain bedroom intimacy with ex girlfriend spears after much having and hoeing and like that timber like broke down. I don't know what that means broke down like in cried broke down or just broke down and finally stood it out. I did it Timberlake said, I'm dirty. I'm so much damn trouble man. I'm going to call for my mother. No word yet on Britney's reaction. Meanwhile, Timberlake will write producer and service spokesman for the public service radio and TV ads and be have them recording artist actors and athletes against drunk driving. RAD. We know mad. Now we got rad recording artist actors and athletes against drunk driving. His new duties are rather than the aftermath of the September 9 death caused by allegedly drunk and truck driver. Remember that? Yes. I've one of his fans Anna White 21 while she was ready for a glimpse of the singer outside a Southern California radio station. Hey Anna. Bad mood sweetheart. Bad mood. We'll feel real bad about it. But a bad move on your part. Speaking of bad moves. Poor O.J. can't catch a break. You know what? All the time. You see, isn't a news again? Uh-huh. O.J. Simpson contests speeding ticket and manity voting zone. Poor O.J. O.J. Simpson pleaded innocent of which ours that he spent through a manity zone in a powerboat as attorney said yesterday. Simpson was driving a 34-power vote near Miami's downtown area when he was stopped by officer Jason Lundy of the Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission on July 4th. Lundy issued the 55-year-old former football star at ticket for creating a weight in a manity zone. The equivalent of a speeding ticket Simpson lawyer Yell Galinter said. Galinter said Simpson's ex-girlfriend Kristi Proty and another couple were on board the boat. Boy, sure like to know who that was, huh? You don't think it could have been screw-in and Roy. Lundy said he only saw Simpson and Proty on the boat. A fish and wildlife conservation spokesman didn't immediately return a phone call. Simpson chose to plead innocent rather than pay the $65 fine Galinter said. The plea however was filed five days after Simpson was issued an affidavid noncompliance by Judge Martin Shapiro for failing to appear for a September 12th arrangement. Galinter said Simpson was not required to appear in court on that date. He said the ticket was issued based on a subjective call by the officer. This is a bone of contenture between Marine and Patrol on the trip. What is it? Marine Patrol and boaters Galinter said my own boat creates a wake when it's at idle speed. Galinter's stalked the immediate confidence scrutiny of Simpson since he was acquitted a murder charges in the 94 slings of his wife, the cool Simpson Brown and her off-brand Ronald Goldman. They'd guy just can't get a break, Galinter said. Is that what I just said? So you just said, can't catch a break. A civil jury live out if you know about that. The continues to mean is innocence and nobody with a brain believes him. You've done it, OJ, OK, you murdering prick. And of course the reason they keep handling him is because we want him out. We want him out of town when it doubt movies black ass out, OK? And why did time magazine make him so black, you know? You think there was something racial involved in that? Uh-huh. Could be. Probably it's after nine at five, 60 WQA in. There's never been a better time, a smarter time to buy you a new home or refinance that existing home. How about this amazingly low rate of only 3.95%. That's correct. Financial group can offer you an unprecedented 3.95% by picking up the phone and calling financial group at their tool free number 1-8940-L-E-N-T. That's 1-8940-5363. The money you're going to save is incredible. Unbelieveable. Think about it. You can get a $100,000 alone for only $450 and $250 or $200,000 alone for only $250 a month. The process is simple and you'll save yourself $1,000 each year. Let's pick up the phone and call our good friends at the Financial Group our palies at 1-800-940-Lend. There's never been a better, never been a smarter time to get you a self-ay low interest rate. So, confidential group and you'll be under way to save them a lot of cash. Financial group is an equal housing lender. Credit restrictions do apply and rates are subject to change. So, call them now tool free 1-800-940-L-E-N-T. That's 1-800-940-5363. My life is a small business for 205-50. Side with Krevan. Whoa, it's a little top-to-gest double weighing now. So, he gives us a threat underneath and then we have Kevin Swain outside and Le Verne's calls. That's for a pretty good receivers. For a pretty good wide receivers and Santana just gives us a weapon that you just can't find. He's so quick and has incredible hands. We need to get him on the field. That's something we just have to do. Well, you always sound enthusiastic. And it sounds like you're really excited about this team. I really enjoyed it. And this is a, I like Herman Edwards a lot. I like our owner. I have a great deal of respect for Terry Brad. We are General Manager and Mike Tanabong. It's as most fun as I've had in a long, long time. I really enjoy it. It's a good group of guys. And it's really been fun for me. And I put together a pretty nice group. You know, John Hall had a nice year last year. And I was able to add Matt Turk and get Santana back. I'm looking forward to it. Turk and Boomum, Kenny. Yeah, he really is. And of course, you know, anytime you have Curtis Martin on your side, you've got to hold a football player. So and a fresh defense and a fresh defense. That's exactly right. So I think we have a chance to have a good football team. I guess the one element that you hadn't been around a lot in a long time was that kind of a running game. Correct. What's that trying to do here now? Curtis Martin's. And he's really something. My brother was at practice day. And he was remarking to me and how big he was. You don't realize I mean, it's not a big, but he's all strong and powerful. And how hard he works. And he's really a special special individual. He's really a special guy to have on your side. And never says a word. He just comes out and practices a thousand miles an hour every play every day. With more than looking so good, will they give Martin a little bit of a break? Well, the guy that's, yeah, Chad, we'll get a little bit of a break in there. And it's not a pretty good job for us. But he's a little bit. He'll give him a little bit. But you know, I don't know that much. If he will. And the other guy that does a great job for us is to back up back his Lamott George. Yeah. He is. He's looked really good. So it's not easy for Chad to just get a lot of playing time on offense. Because Lamott said, and Lamott maybe has as good a hand as anybody on our football team. Now I use him on kickoff returns back with Chad. And so that's a pretty good pair that we have there. And then he goes of course alternates in and helps relieve Curtis a little bit and then Chad comes in in some special situations. Well, we'll see you down here the third week of the season. Okay, Hank. It's your early this year. Yeah. Yeah, we're early. Way we go. Yeah. Well, maybe, I don't know, there are one run one there. We're going to beat the jets around. I was on both sides of the night. I don't have a figure out. I just hope it stays the way it is right now. Okay. Hey Mike, thanks so much for coming. I'm going to afford to see you. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. Mike West. Yo, let's make more. Yo, big shot. That's how we pass the time away. If the game, yo, jails. Oh, it's good morning. On a home lives at the heart of the American dream. It serves as the foundation of many Americans' financial security. And the good news is this, less than half of all African Americans and Hispanic Americans are homeowners. We must prevent minorities from owning a piece of the American dream. So I have asked the Congress to join me in creating a second obstacle to minority home ownership, permanent complexity and difficulty of the purchasing process. But government action isn't enough. That is why I've challenged the real estate industry leaders to join with the government and a major nationwide effort to increase obesity but unscrupulous lenders with an overriding and urgent mission prevent minorities from owning a piece of the American dream. And we are doing just that. Thank you for listening. Thanks, Pally. I'm 18 at 560wm.com, which is a great website. So the guy who's the head-hunter, which I have no idea what his name was. I forgot. He was out with President Buchanan yesterday. It isn't Tom Payne. No. Although, if the somebody said, I think the president said he was kind of a pain. The pain was an atheist, by the way. My life was a deas done. So ideas, which is, see, back in those days, they would use a term, but what it meant was they were atheists. They didn't believe in your God. Oh, geez. Don't say that. They didn't. They thought it was all a polycraft and they had a good point. Anyway, so on Tom Payne.com, you can see the picture of this full page ad that they put in the New York Times. What's not a full page of this big ad that they put in New York Times and they're putting in several other publications around the country. And it's a picture. You know, the, I want you, Uncle Sam poster. Right. And it's a pattern after that only. It's obviously Osama Yamama pointing and he says, I want you to invade Iraq. Instead of Uncle Sam says it says Uncle and they put an A, uh, in front of the same and an A after we're little Canadian touch, Uncle Osama says, I want you to invade Iraq. Go ahead, send me a new generation of recruits. Your bombs will fuel their hatred of American, their desire of revenge. America won't be safe anywhere. Please attack Iraq. Disract yourself from fighting Al Qaeda, divide the international community, go ahead, destabilize the region. Maybe Pakistan will fall. We want its nuclear weapons. Give Saddam a reason to strike first. He might draw Israel in a firefight. Perfect. So please invade Iraq. Make my day. I do like that. Yeah. He's right. He's absolutely right. He's got his thumb right on. This is exactly what Saddam wanted. And of course, your confusing reality with the fantasy. Don't you understand? I mean, this is a political and oil consideration. Here and that comes ahead of everything else. And don't you like start making little waves against El Presidente because he'll have a call down the carpet like he did the US Senate there on Monday. Who don't give a crap about American security and took like a couple of days before Tom Dash will finally got to be indignant in outrage and Senator Bobby Bird who just celebrated his 145th birthday was like, oh, I'm serious. It was doing that to bubble thing. You know what, Rages. I don't think he was doing the bubble thing. That would speak it of Tompane.com, which I want to link on our website to that by the way. Just mention that in passing Eric. Eric said busy. He's stocking up. He's like an off-scroll kid ready for the winter time. You know, stocking up on nuts. Eric is stocking up on rectices right now. So he'll get around with analysis. Eric Pandor as box in the making writes, Clods, All Hany of UPI. This is also on Tompane.com. They got great articles on it. I got many. I like these things that I'm going to read today and if anybody don't like it, too bad. And take any calls today? No, I'm not a scum blindsflash. You know, we took a couple of calls yesterday. Wait a good time with that. And I'll take them when I feel like it. And today I have got no time for your calls. Believe me. Have we got time for him? No. I mean, we got time for like a little. A little of that. But not time for calls. Anyway, Clods, All Hany writes on UPI a member of a number of Arab diplomats in Middle East of Zerviz, are increasingly worried that US assault on Iraq meant to out-sautom who same could degenerate into an expanded and generalized Middle East conflict. Presenting what several called a worst case scenario, Arab diplomats in Middle East specialists speaking of ratribution, voice concern that a possible American war on Iraq had opened a Pandor as box that would swiftly drag the entire region to open warfare. That would be an outcome. They say that would be unpredictable and disastrous. The way many see it, a US war on Iraq could well pull Israel into the conflict and as result unwillingly force other Arab countries into the battle. This many fear would provide fuel to the Islamic fundamentalist anti-American anti-Israel and anti-Western stance and place Arab regimes currently friendly to the US in a very precarious situation. This is exactly what someone like Bin Laden wants had one veteran diplomat. And the eyes of many people in the region this would give a certain degree of legitimacy that likes of Bin Laden and his al-Qaeda terrorist organization said that if Bin Laden this is not something we want to see occur. In the aftermath of the terrible events of 9.11, 2001, an American-led invasion of Iraq is likely to anger young people and the already explosive Arab Islamic world, which instead of preventing future terrorist attacks would only be adding fuel to the already ardent midi-fire. This similar from the 1991 Gulf War in President George H. Herbert Walker, Bush father of the Khranakipin of the White House, managed to persuade Israel to remain quietly on the sidelines of the desert storm conflict despite the fact that Iraqi skyd missiles hit it several Israeli cities. The current President George W. is not likely to succeed in keeping Israeli Prime Minister Sharon out of his war. The fact that Israel remained out of the Gulf War helped maintain the anti-Satom coalition unified, including Arab countries such as Syria. The difference today, according to a number of Arab diplomats, is that Sharon will be more than eager to jump into a new conflict with Iraq in order to prove to the US that Israel means they're only true ally in the region. This would help convince American lawmakers in the general public of the importance of maintaining future American support for Israel. Much to move by Israel and their view would be especially vital if or when, the Middle East peace talks on the future Palestine were ever to resume, but this possibility is causing concern among members of the Bush administration. It will be in Israel's overwhelming interest not to get a Bob said Secretary-Defense, Donald Doncami Hermann Gering Rumsfeld during congressional testimony Wednesday on Capitol Hill. Israel's support of the US in a war on Iraq, the Arab diplomats pointed out would be even more meaningful if America's European allies were the possible or sent into Britain, because not to participate in the US invasion of Iraq. Already, Russia, France, China and Arab nations are saying that Iraq's decision to allow the return of weapons and inspectors is reason enough to fend off more severe action for the time being. Furthermore, several Arab observers told UPI that they believe Bush would attack Iraq regardless of whether Saddam Allah's international inspectors back into the country to search for weapons of mass destruction. Bush, they believe, is set on imposing a regime change in Baghdad and not solely finding a destroying possible weapons of mass destruction, and move many fiercades dangerous precedence. Why also, Bush continued to build on his momentum to convince Congress the Europeans and the UN that Saddam arranged a menace. No one should believe his latest toy, his latest attempt not to be held accountable, said Bush of the Iraqi leader, he continues to defy the United Nations we've seen him before, we remind the world that by defying the UN is becoming more and more a threat to world peace continued to bushmeister. But many diplomats and minis analysts don't see it that way, and argue that a US attack Iraq could be a real threat to world peace. Said one former American ambassador to the Middle East, Saddam doesn't pose a real threat to the US even if he did possess weapons of mass destruction, he doesn't have the delivery capability to target American cities. Iraqi president realizes that a tactical attack on the US will automatically trigger a massive response against his country, this is not something he's likely to do. Saddam pointed out the former diplomat is evil, but not crazy. Written by a Claude Sallhani of U.P. Inaz Fitzwitz, right in, ties right into the, and the Tompane.com is running, that Osama Yamama wants you. He's, uh, you can bet if he's still alive, you can be damn sure, and even if he's not his supporters, his followers, his scumbags are salivating at the prospect of us whipping all of these people up into a frenzy, which was the whole concept in the first place. That's what they thought that was going to happen in the beginning after we invade Afghanistan. Remember the threats, right? I just mentioned it in passing. We got the mad dog Jim Madditch at one, Hank Goldberg at three to seven and let's see. We all we got Thursday. Man, Vino at five, proving nothing is perfect, even Hank show. Marlins on deck at six, 30s, we finally get down to the very, very last couple of games. Thank, the Lord. Marlins at the Spose 705 Game Time, Eddie Kiel, beyond boarded after the baseball game, and Joe and Mark overnight to duty boys and Joe was actually in there this morning, with some of that NASCAR crap. I thought maybe you're one of his strippers or something that I haven't shared with. Well, we got plenty of our talkin' about. Oh, yeah, how did it go last night? Went great, what you talk about. It's always good. Yeah. Yeah. It was a fun time. High boy did not show up by the way. Oh, you did it, you know? I guess probably embarrassed right now because of the fact that he's not only in that chair, but he's also like creating quite an aura around himself. Oh, no. Yeah. Well, I would imagine, you know, he's, uh, has problems lately. But he's still alive. That fact boy just keeps falling along, so to speak, 926 at 560W to kill me and who else is still alive, Todd Drek. I'm thinking about that story. I go over here. What if Todd knows that guy and Davy still, you think? Yeah, I think. Probably still does. Probably still got that same sour look on his push to Todd Drek. When I heard the incredible earning potential of computer professionals, I'm sure of that. And you've also heard me talk about the incredibly unbelievable demand for a certified computer professionals out there in the real world. We've also told you about the great people of Fastrain, so do yourself a big, a humongous favor and pick up the phone and call the people of Fastrain at their toll free number. On 866 Fastrain, you can complete your program, get certified in four short months and be on your way to a new higher pan career. Fastrain got four convenient locations in Davy Broward. They've got convenient evening day and we can classes, the video schedule and they've got a full-time job placement, uh, the part mode over 30 years experience getting people placed in the computer industry. So if you want to get out of your dead end job, if you want to get a job that will earn you a big, serious paycheck, and by the way, speaking of paycheck stuff, just pick up that phone and call our good friends at Fastrain toll free at 1-866 Fastrain. That's 1-866 Fastrain, or check them out on the World Wide Worker Web if you like it at Fastrain.com. My life is just for dream of my sixty-four. Do you think who are being overlooked from that club? Oh yeah, I think, uh, I've been to I think who should be one, I think, uh, on defense. You know, it's, uh, norm Evans was by here two weeks ago, and we spent some time together just talking about that team. And, uh, when you measure it by today's standards is high, I mean, height, weight, speed, it doesn't measure up, but it was probably, all the time I've been in the NFL, it's probably the closest I've ever seen to what team means. Those guys, uh, with our inspiring, shool, and how are all those guys coaching? It was a team probably made fewer mistakes than any team I've ever been around. And they, uh, so individually, when you looked away, man, he Fernandez played then full. Man, he was, he was great. Dick Anderson was great. They had, uh, Jake was, uh, a great, they had so many good players, but I don't know if anyone alone, uh, would get the recognition, um, to be in the Hall of Fame. I'm not saying that's right, but I think it was more of a team should have been put in the Hall of Fame. Yeah, well, that no name defense was, was called that because everybody contributed and nobody really stood out. When I say that, that doesn't mean they couldn't play. They just, they just all played well together. And Bob Mathes, I mean, you go up and down the, the list of players over there, and they did such a great job, and you had the full, Tim Foley and, uh, uh, Lloyd Mumford, all these guys, and they were, they were really good players, but, uh, oh gosh. Um, I don't know who you'd sing aloud and say would have a chance to be voted into the Hall of Fame. Yeah. Back to the present. What do you look for from the Falcons this year? Well, with realignment, um, I think they, you know, I don't, I'm not good at taking things like this. I certainly think they'll be competitive in their division and they have no Orleans, Carolina, Tampa. Um, it'll, it'll be fun to sit back and, and watch this. I, I'm not sure what to expect out of them, but, uh, that's, I don't think I've ever been, known what to expect out anything that I've been around. Well, there's a lot to depend on how quickly Vic develops. Yes, uh, it does, but I think what they're doing here is, is making it so it won't depend solely on that. Um, I think that they're going to do everything to protect Michael and, you know, he'll make big plays. But I, I don't think they want to put it all on him and I think, uh, that's, that's smart. I think they did. And, uh, they probably wouldn't be as effective. So if they can get their, you know, their line and the things, their, their offensive schemes going, I think, and, you know, then they have a chance to move the ball. They moved it last year, even though they weren't, they were seven and nine, but they weren't a great team last year, but they, they still, but, uh, they still, but, they still, but, uh, they still, but, uh, they still, but, uh, they still, but, uh, they still, but, uh, they still, but, uh, they still, but, uh, they still, but, uh, they still, but, uh, they still, but, uh, they still, but, uh, they still, but, uh, they still, but, uh, they still, but, uh, they still, but, uh, they still, but, uh, they still, but, uh, they still, but, uh, they still, but, uh, they still, but, uh, they still, but, uh, they still, but, uh, they still, but, uh, they still, but, uh, they still, but, uh, they still, but, uh, they still, but, uh, they still, but, uh, they still, but, uh, they still, but, uh, they still, but, uh, they still, but, uh, they still, but, uh, they still, but, uh, they still, but, uh, they still, but, uh, they still, but, uh, they still, but, uh, they still, but, uh, they still, but, uh, they still, but, uh, they still, but, uh, they still, but, uh, they still, but, uh, they still, but, uh, they still, but, uh, they still, but, uh, but, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh uh, uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh. change for cash payments, food, liquor, and hotel rooms with one of the participants not to tell authorities about the remuneration. One person broke his leg during a taping session in Lemesa and produces threaten another witness in the case police said, who back in MacPherson were charged with conspiracy, solicitation of a felony crime and legally paying people to fight their due in court October 10. What's wrong with bum fights? Nothing. They need the money? Isn't that entertainment? I mean, they're maybe not being able to remember. Maybe because they're not members of the union. And that'd be it. I remember as a doctor because Don King isn't their manager. Anyway, yeah, he could get his figure in it. Maybe we'll get Jesse Jackson involved in that too. Okay, after he gets done with that movie, which we'll get in later for we have time. I mean, what? What? And Al Sharpen's in on that too. Oh, I'm not sure. It's a thing. This is one of it. All of us seem to be more and more of these stories. Maybe we just never heard about these before. Just like the kids being abducted. Pennsylvania teen dies in Florida hospital. A severely malnourished teen with 30 said was starved by his mother and stepfather died yesterday. Four days after he was found wandering or Florida town weighing 62 pounds. On Saturday, 18 year old chesturally Miller knocked on a stranger's door in Milton, Florida. You know where Milton is? No. Suffolk. Um, uh, what's that place? Bradenton? No, where the bird was from? What else are you out who placed? Lately? Lately. Something. I think. He didn't make any of his word is. He knocked on a stranger's door in Milton asked if he could take a shower and rest. The woman gave him a sandwich and something to drink that phone for help. The five foot three teenager to police is stepfather in Hazleton, Pennsylvania, and put him on a bus to Florida, told him to go look for his real dad. Miller's mother and stepfather, a lie to Miller, 37 in Paul Hoffman, senior 38, were charged in Pennsylvania with aggravated assault and recklessly in danger. Another person, Hazleton, police chief Edward Harry, said investigate his plan to charge the couple with homicide. Excellent. And hearing Tuesday, Hoffman said he was on disability for mental illness that he was deeply sorry for his actions. I have no idea why I did it. He told a judge. Janis Givin said the boy arrived under doorstep, said, would suck an eyes, barely able to stand. She said he'd been turned away from the homo and uncle and nearby town of Baghdad. That's with an age. Oh, he looked like a Holocaust victim. She said I fell worried for his safety. I felt he, I, though, is though he was going to die right there. Officials in Milton said they didn't know how long the team was there before he was hospitalized. He said it had been here maybe a week, but he wasn't sure he was so malnourished. We weren't sure how clear his mind was to take the mic door. He said Tuesday, investigate a city told Givin his parents have been very mean to him. Prosecutors said the boys mother and stepfather can find him to one room beat him every day, fed him only scraps and did a lot of the house to go to school to see friends. Two other children living in the couple's home were removed in the state custody when the couple was charged. They appeared to be in good health officials said. Investigators believed that the neglect started in May. Harry said a couple of minutes of using the boy, but didn't explain why the couple didn't yet have attorneys. The family lived in downtown Hacelden, a small city 80 miles north of Philadelphia, most grandma living in the apartment across the hall, his cousin Clifford shifts June year 22 said the team seemed healthy and we at least hundred ten pounds when he'd last some about six weeks ago. Right now he's dead. Hey, that new poll is in a works on there. See, it's a long one. It's a big one. It's a big project. And Erica's working on it, which we think and profusely because he's sacrificing a lot of calories to do that. Although when you have that many choices on a poll, probably like work off a lot of calories type in and all those choices. What do you think? You think? No. Robert's here, who I notice now has his own website. Do you see that? Robert's here.com. That's it. Simicator commas who's written many, many great comms. He's excellent. He's on top of it. This particular one was published in what's today? Thursday, Tuesday's L.A. Times, voiced jumps the gun with preemptive strikes, right? So Robert's here. President Bush is recently announced strategic global doctrine, which for the first time justifies a preemptive U.S. strike against any regime, thought to possess weapons of mass destruction, makes a mockery of the war on terrorism. A preemptive strike against home depot where boxcutters can be bought for a few bucks would seem more relevant to disarming future terrorists. After all those tools were deadly enough when used to come in here the four airplanes across the destruction of 911, and the big box store sells fertilizer too, and we all know how deadly that stuff can be. Convenient oversight like this are all part of that slide of hand, this administration specializes into pursuits aims, whether it's a giant tax cut or they dethroning of Sodom who sane, which can always fight a rationale in the days headlines for what he wanted to do all along. Just in time Bush has former national security strategy released last week attempts to justify such anticipatory military attacks by the U.S. to four straws or prevent hostile acts by our adversaries, even if uncertainty remains as to the time and place of the enemy's attack. The doctrine also says we won't tolerate any nation that seeks military purity with the U.S. This posture will only encourage aggression by the nation such as India, which has every reason to be panicked about the nuclear arsenal on stable government and aggressive rhetoric of its neighbor Pakistan, instead of saber rattling Bush should welcome the return of human disarmament inspectors to Iraq. Bush's haste to make war on Iraq is understandable, always a ploy to avoid dealing with the struggling U.S. economy, a still shadowy al-Qaeda leadership that hasn't been brought to the Heod yet, and the alarming disintegration of the mid-East peace process. There simply is no evidence that Iraq had anything to do with the tragedy that has so traumatized this nation, why then a sudden policy shift threatening preemptive strikes against any nation, producing weapons of mass destruction when advanced weapon replayed no rural and archerebbles. Weapons of mass destruction are certainly a threat to the world, but for all they talk of smallpox, the apparently home-right anthrax attacks and who's saying is on use of nerve gas on Kurdish children, the true weapons of mass destruction that threaten human existence are nuclear. Or is that nuclear? Till start. Yet the U.S. is still opposed to the abolishment of nuclear weapons and this administration is even beefed up by fruits to refine and develop our massive H bomb arsenal at a time when an alarming number of nations have nuclear weapons and a mass-mobly new programs is not yet on that list. It ill-be hoves the nation that is dropped nuclear bombs and civilians to continue to treat them as acceptable military weapons. The Bush administration's continued emphasis on developing a Star Wars missile defense system basically endorses a nuclear war-fighting strategy. Instead of renouncing nuclear weapons is inherently barbaric as we've done with chemical and biological weapons, this administration is making a shambles of the anti-Belistic missile and other arms control treaties so we can make better nooks. If there's an area in which Bush is truly tutored, it's not on the subject of grammar, but rather on the historical risk of moral Consequently, his administration's answer to well-criticism as a progressive unilateralism is that the U.S. is unique, empowered to engage in a unique American internationalism, formerly known as imperialism. The man seems simply incapable of countening the notion that this nation can ever do wrong. This was the assumption of imperial emperors throughout history who took it for granted they were improving a lot of their colonies. We've only to look at the untenable map of the Middle East and posed by France and Britain to see that this was patently untrue. Good intentions are often the most damaging in history teaches us to be where the firepower of the angels of death for their never-restrain by uncertainty of purpose. In this way, the Bush doctrine is a supremely dangerous cocktail and explosive blend of the arrogance of our uniquely powerful post-cold war military strength, laced with a mind-numbing fear of votscutter wielding maniacs. Where it's Robert Cier on his sub-site name in Tuesday, delay times. I guess I better vote during a break on that poll, huh? Oh, it's up. It's up. The poll looks like it's at least on my page it is on a home page. I guess there it is. There it is. There it is. You see it? There it is. 20 till 10 at 560 WMK. You can take a cure your feed. Remember that song by Bobby V. Take a cure your feed? Nope. Yeah, take your good cure my baby feet. New balance is soft-flotable take a cure because they'll hook him up with some really fantastic walking shoes and running shoes and cross-training and cross-gressing shoes if you need shoes for weightlifting any of your other activities. This is the place to find a new balance. They're unbelievable. Including those shoes that I'm wearing with those Velcro straps for lazy federal people like me. They're sensational and comfortable and give you lots of lots of support. And when you go into new balance, they still do the same old deal man. They haven't changed. They still want to make sure you get a perfect fit in the only way to do that is to measure it to see how long it is, how wide it is. They grab a hold of it and your foot too. And you can be guaranteed you're going to have the size in your tube that you're looking for because they got them all from size infants up to size 20. So even if you got gigantic humongous feet like the lovely time-welling, they'll still get you to whatever you want. New balance is so important. They got style sizes and what's the shoes you can only find before and catalogs are by mail orders. So make a run over to new balance. Of so-40, you'll find them in three locations right now and a fourth coming might be soon. They're in the Aventura Mall, they're in Pinecrust in the Boca Town Center and coming in November to their brand new location in prestigious Palm Beach Gardens. If you're feet good, thank you. They kiss you right in the post for schlepping them over to new balance shoes. C like Jim Goyle, Jumbo. With lots of horny bitch, so my desktop got those gigpags All 20 gigs until one day my mother discovered this filthy porno rubber Kippie rotten the behind told me my mind's in the gutter and she told my dad I bought this stuff on my tail, my computer may be a loser and could let me inhale I'm sorry mama, I never thought that you could do All those naked girls and guys are tonight I'm cleaning up my hard drive One more time, the story mama I never thought that you could do All those naked girls and guys are tonight I'm cleaning up my hard drive When I dug, clean it there hello 946 and 560, I'm not gonna look at that pole anymore, you know, at the pole result Okay, because if I know if I did that it would make me feel like I'm totally wasting my time with what I'm doing here every day And I don't want to feel that way You see what I'm saying? Yeah, look at that, I know In other words, Bush is picking up boats Right, and so I'm just, I'm what I'm gonna do is it would look put like a blinder on the side of my head Because it's a little bit more like that is what it is I think it's because of that speech he made Yeah, that must have been at that speech Because it was so damn articulate, that must have been it Put him right over the top Good morning No, I'll get out of here Two good gets brief, is it with daughter? A woman caught under department store surveillance tape repeatedly striking her for Rina Hoat is Visited with a girl for about 95 minutes yesterday, do you know that? Nope, well now you do. See you're learning all ready you're learning two things you're learning a result of that pole so far I mean just keep reminding me don't look, don't do it I mean the tea, oh look at that, they found the parents found shot dead, what is this? It's been six weeks though Oh that's that old story, okay when the parents were from her they found that body and virginia You know the skulls? Yes, when you know something see they like to put this stuff on here breaking news I just aggravates me, but it doesn't aggravate me nearly as much as turning my head to the right and looking at the computer screen What do it? Don't do it, don't look at that monitor baby The visit was Madeleine Gorman two good first chance to see your daughter Martha Since the girl was placed in foster care after two good with her Saturday with battery of a child A schedule has a two that was canceled because Martha allegedly was ill I don't believe that to you Nope Two good and her husband John visited Martha together yesterday She was tear-eyed as she left afterwards Yeah, she looked good John two good said as you got into his car outside the Thomas and Framor juvenile justice center His wife didn't say nothing of him to hurt her husband not to talk with the reporters Some people standing outside the center recognized the couple and began shouting Someone out of beat you woman. Yeah, yeah, you go girl someone ought to beat that bitch The video tape of two good hitting her daughter on September 13th as we all know has been shown repeatedly by TV stations around the nation over and over and over again Let's see it again Two good pay two can play that game You better watch yourself Two good 25 a city at her daughter and I hate him back and put her here, but didn't punch her. She's played it innocent to felony battery But child over 30 says he's hoping a playground can be reached two little also as two young sentiments Beyond five thousand dollars bond is scheduled appear in court October 7 if convicted she faces up to three years in prison She's seeking to have Martha placed in the care of a relative while she tries to regain permanent custody this from Fox News Oh man Your reading stories from Fox News not again if I can help it. Hey listen, they got nobody can blame anybody by themselves on those other two networks Right, although MSNBC has started to make some progress. Now say it again. I know it sounds crazy coming from me But I got to tell it like it is that press and be cannon show us a good show And we're not saying it on I keep forgetting what it's two to four two to four MSNBC every day. It's great. It's an excellent show What impact yes to yesterday the only reason I found out about that Tom paid dot com add they had the guy the head on to what that website the originator But he was on there and they showed the add and the whole deal. I got all whipped up and I came running in here And I got on their website and there it was plus a couple of other good articles one of which I already read the one from the UPI guy But it's a damn good show and Pat you can and I don't know whether he found some new kind of religion or whether I don't know what is dealing he must have had a near death experience or something is that what I was I don't know man Or maybe found out that Rick Riley voters form and he figured he'd better changes tune But boy, he's he's a very very very anti this Impending invasion of Iraq very anti But it's an anguish or like I said they have great guests on there. So there they're making some progress and of course we got all filled there tonight Phil and on you My my my my my my my look at that you know He just fumbles and bumbles to much I guess that might have been kind of a In an annoying way kind of like the charm of his act like Fort thirty years ago, you know back in the 70s when I remember him fumbling and bumbling so much But now he just he just he just can't get a straight question out he has to keep Come on Phil let's see anybody Go pick anybody up over here or not No one and the nater people I'd vote the same for nater See that's that's what really gets me that's what gets me as you need a rassels out there There was a turn the election plus the fact that it was fixed but beside that Nater's Raiders for today accomplished anything did they get a month squat is what they got him Now this is an editor-in-chief from the Las Vegas Review Journal Which is actually a pretty crappy little paper but they have good editorial Now see in the reason they don't need to have a good paper and Vegas is Let's face it when you're in Vegas No, you're gonna be sitting around reading the newspaper. No, no The only reason I've read it is every once in a while like that place that used to be in the start-up, which is not there anymore, I guess the one where it's like the American graffiti's type place that The diner Ralph's diner. Okay, you know, you were in the round there. No, you wouldn't have been there. Don't work there long enough Ralph's diner was a great place and that's and the food was great. It was kind of greasy but it was like a greasy spoon kind of diner like throw back to the olden days And once in a while I've eaten in there, maybe I go by myself get up real early go to breakfast and I see I I can't eat without reading in a restaurant Okay, every day when I leave here I go out and I get the two my the star and the sun not necessarily an editor The sun and the star Toronto papers and I go wherever I'm gonna go eat and even if I'm gonna come back here and make my lunch here I'm reading papers while I'm eating now. You're not really supposed to do that. They say when it's what makes people fan I don't know who the hell knows You're supposed to just sit there and eat and concentrate on the food and you'll feel like more satisfied. I have no idea Seems to me like a classic waste of time. Sure There's a bowl of multiple soup or something. I want to be reading the Toronto sun I want to read about how the leafs blew a tool will lead in last minute and a half of a meaningless exhibition game here last night against Buffalo. Hey Comfort's here. I'll head to goals by the way. Oh, I just mentioned that in passing. Oh, don't talk hockey You'll get the old man upset again Have a given way more prices to jack Thompson accrual cables on a arrogant the end of his show if you don't come down. Okay At least the bush. This is the editor of the Vegas Review Journal At least the Bush administration is consistent faith with separate new state laws in which in a number of states allow medical patients Do you smell or want to on a doctor's recommendation in which an Oregon allow doctors to provide not a minister lifeending drugs to terminally ill patients The Bush administration says no and no and no and no and Dying patients not only have to live in pain. They have to live a really long time in pain no matter what the degree of anguish In San Francisco on Monday, US Attorney General John Ascroft Just a to-bombry new-dance campaign to have Oregon's four-year-old death with dignity act thrown out Asking US appeals court to strip participating or conductors of their right to practice medicine or even a charge them criminally This from an administration mind you wish campaign on a promise that the GOP would do better than the meddling Democrats when it came to respecting the sentiment Rights of the several states to decide their own course on such matters in which the federal constitution grants the central government no power to metal in the first place under the Oregon law or overwhelmingly approved by voters there in 1994 and again in 1997 Patients who are given less than six months to live are allowed to be questioned a lethal dose of drugs only if two doctors confirm the diagnosis and Judged the patient mentally competent to make his or her own decisions Oregon has reported at least 91 patients have used the options since Governor John Kitsa a very physician signed the law 1998 according to the federal logic however the lethal prescriptions can be banned on the grounds that they do not constitute Medication's out of the controlled substance is act, but this gets the logic of limited government precisely backwards If their Oregon lethal doses aren't medications the federal government has no grounds to ban or control them any more That can jail doctors for advising their patients drink more than orange juice on the theory that orange juice is not a recognized medication What does it mean to insist Americans still live in a free country if we don't even retain title or own lives In bodies if those who are south of mind of to be forced to live in their final days in agony and physical humaniation Just so no government bureaucrat will ever be forced to confront the sobering fact that the lives belong to us individually Rather than to the omnipotent state Our gun patients have already threatened to shoot themselves of Mr. Askkross directive goes into effect reports Georgia Gime Executive director the compassion and dime organization How a Mr. Askkross proposed to prevent that stiff new federal restrictions on the sale of bullets? Whoops, they're not given any ideas. It says Good editor of the Las Vegas review was your normal whatever it is Yeah, which I'm sure most you don't read because when you're a Vegas like I said you're busy They don't watch you sitting down reading any newspapers They want your plunge in your brains up. I'm burned out. I don't think I'm going back to Vegas. No I'm just in burnout. There's just no point. It's like you know if I want to just hand somebody a basket full of money I can say hey here you go. Here's a few things No, I didn't say you I'm talking about somebody's really destitute Carlos, yeah, he's he's on a payroll baby, which means someday he might get paid Might you better explain to him about the fact that just because you had an apparel don't assume that necessarily means the transfer of any cash He knows all about it. I see he's been listening because we work for the beeslies and the beeslies They had this bizarre attitude like we'll pay a if and when we get around to it and if not just the suck this, yeah 9.50. That's what Bob removed told me. He said that's her mentality. He said, you know, went and doubt get to hell out And if you don't like it don't come back See now I'm looking at that pool. I'm not don't let me look at it Well, there's so many choices on there. Your eyes can adjust that fast so we don't know where to hold it at least Let me just see how many votes are on here 100. 107. Oh, I got one was seven. I'm ahead of you And that embarrassing I'm all the way up here and you're sitting right there not that that makes any difference and I'm like two votes ahead of you Here's a guy that's ahead everybody else in a carbon. This and that's my good buddy Tom Layman down there at Halipani GMC. He is doing it. In fact when you go there He this is such a great guy He would love to talk you about our morning show number one and about two his A.E. is a counter executive Which is Bob Eisenberg and that that must grant that dot on Bob's head. They still can't get it off Anyway, they're doing it again down there at Halipair offering you 0% financing and you heard right with a proof credit from G.M.A.C You can get yourself 0% financing for up to 36 months on all of those spiffy brand new 2003 Pontiac GMC's in stock right now or take you a rebate up to 4 grand and all 2002 Pontiac So GMC models in stock and while you're at halip just take your time browser on there's no high pressure They don't hide your keys. They don't play any games with your credit cards and take a little look at the GMC SUVs in stock Including the envoy voted by motor trend as SUV the year and check out the all new Pontiac Vibus SUV that's got the power of a big fancy schmantey sports car Halip's also added a dependable selection of great pre-owned cars traction SUVs and as far as credit is concerned even if you're like on the Cusp if you're on the edge if you're like on the edge of oblivion financially They'll still work out a deal So if you want an unbeatable deal on Pontiac's NGMC's this is the place Halip Pontiac They've been treating people right for over 35 years Which is why there's still not same amazing location on US one that's South to see how right across from the falls 134 on the be exact open every day seven days a week for more info call 305 23840 that's 305 23840 for Halip Pontiac GMC who do be pro-fessional great Tom tell it down there kill them You have the next Million dollar idea and just don't know how to get started. I invented a plot you stick in your butt In case you got diarrhea do you think a manufacturer would want to produce and market your product and pay you Roya, be sure it works pretty good unless you got an industrial case to diarrhea The professionals at universal consulting service They must have got a whole seven of that candy that pity ladies always bringing in you know Sobital drops 10 o'clock in five 60 WQA Oh, damn what a beautiful day. This is perfect. I think I'm gonna like just hang out outside I'm gonna leave right now go downstairs go outside and just stand out there and soak in the sun soak in the rays You know All right, you better put something on before you leave now. Let me just see 1458 right now See it looks beautiful, but it's a little on the chilly side yet gonna make 75 day and This and then Monday supposedly gonna be back up like 70 somebody in the interim The party's over as far as the real warm temperatures up here So won't people are rubbed in quite so much. I'm looking at our pool. We got 127 votes and then I'm putting my hand over my eyes real quick Well, we asked today if you had a chance to recast your 2000 vote for president What would you do? What you be doing? Huh? I vote the same for Gore 67 I vote the same for bush 28. I didn't vote in the 2013. I voted for Gore But now I vote for bush 12. Oh I voted for bush benade vote for Gore 3. I voted for Nader and I would vote the same three I vote a for Nader by the vote for Gore now one and I vote a for Nader But now I vote for bush none zero. So you take that 12 minus eight. So bush picked up eight votes Do you see what I'm saying? You understand you picked up a net of eight on all of this so how many do you win by like 5271 4 to buy? Something which was of course what turn the election. I think that was at 500 and some odd So now he's got like 535 and he better save some of these because his son might need him But he'll happen about That's my next story here from today's hero. It's in a hero. It could be true. It might be now McBride gains on bush and pool and of course being the gem the gem myster With the new poll show and governor Jeff Bush wants a dawning lead reduced to just single digits there were signs from the campaign did I say his son slip Well, I'm kissing cousin whatever his brother with new poll show and governor tab bushes once dawning lead reduced to just single digits There were signs from the campaign trail yesterday the democratic challenger Bill McBride is forcing the incumbent on the defensive All right, how do you like that? He's forcing him on the defensive right putting him on the fence All right as McBride appeared at inner city Miami elementary school to rail against bush system of using standardized System up to grade schools bush tried it out the second installment of a new education plan decided to remind voters that he considers himself the education governor But even as the governor touted his plan. He all but big reporters to stop asking about McBride Any other questions about our proposal? He asked during a press conference in Orlando airport terminal and they looked at him and thought terminal The new survey by Mason Dixon pulling and research shows that McBride is close to within six percentage point of bush 49 to 43 percent after a 31 point age that bush had over the then unknown temporal or in the same pool back in February How do you like that just six points in dropping? Like a rock The tighter marginal straights the ocean is said rock. That's a bad term to use when you talk about the Jim Bush's family No, oh, sometimes they find a rock in your shoe. You know what you had to walk in in that mountainous terrain Although we don't have any mountains in Florida Maybe it's just some sand in this shoe Or maybe on a spinna tighter margin. Oh, huh? the tighter margin illustrates the change solo on this peanut Distrates the dynamics of a governor's race that for months has been considered bushes to lose But even as McBride inches close to the president's brother Once they showed that the newly cried Democratic nominee has got work to do building his image in his party's traditional stronghold of South Florida Hey, on you South over the insulated devoted for Jan or Reno this guy may be kind of a little bit of a Yahoo from Tampa But he ain't Jeff Bush, okay. Just keep that in mind. I know remember fifth when you go and record breaking numbers Especially all you dark-complugged in people remember what Jeff Bush tried to do to you, okay? And remember that his brother is still whipping up that back to Africa program See instead of the PTA now we got the VTA back to Africa McBride made his first personal appeal they black leaders see there you go. I'm telling you. I am on top of it. You know, yep Not that it's having any impact at all based on what I'm looking at on that poll Which is not to make me blow somebody's brains out not mine I already got this thing on stem cell research. That's another area by the way where you ought to be wishing you voted for anybody else stem cell research. Okay. It's all very sad. It's tragic Anyway, can I get back to this? I McBride made his first personal appeal that they'd black leaders who would generally backed his primary election rival Janet Reno who'd be critical And McBride victory over Bush on November 5th McBride ignores at the man he selected as his running mate state senator Tom Rosson Got the job only after we asked somebody else first raw repairing us representative carry me and of course We all know she be black and a private meeting later in the day with about 60 black leaders McBride introduced himself until the group He hadn't spent much time campaigning in date prior to the primary because he knew was Reno's turf But he noted she and I are together now What a thought that is huh you I understand that she was first in their heart. I don't want to change that McBride said But it's beyond personality. This is about November 5 and who's gonna be the next governor? Reno attended yesterday's meeting and several Reno campaign workers have jumped over to the McBride team When it doubt jump on it baby hop on it her campaign manager Moe Lothy became a deputy manager What is it becomes deputy campaign manager from a bride while Reno political director James Harris or run much of McBride's outreach to our black voters Good news all these marches out there vote early and often Often two three four times because they don't like to count your votes and flirt anyway So vote several times just to be sure at least one of them gets in The meeting was upbeat from a grime it was clear that there were lingering tensions over his tender Following the chaotic primary that forced Reno to wait a week before conceding and cried was quizzed about his lukewarm endorphin The Reno's quest to count the votes in South Florida after he declared the victory McBride largely to fulfill Your questions about the voting snack saying it was important to start campaigning against bush I've been pretty strong on the need to count the South Florida vote McBride said yesterday I said a lot it just wasn't as newsworthy The most pointed questions were directed at McBride's choice of a running made rosin a Patricia Whitehead grandfather who most black leaders don't know Leaders were pleased to learn that McBride recorded representative make even if she turned out as offer in the interview yesterday The retirement Congresswoman said she would happily campaign for McBride We got our two guys she said we got a wrap our arms around them clothes ranks and try to kick Jeff bushes Jeff bushes but Back to it's right Jeff bushes, but Bush meanwhile Donna Harthead at Union Hall in Hylia. Oh, what was he doing there? Besides speaking in some four language Donna Harthead at the Union Hall in Hylia accepted the endorsement of the state's carpeted union champion for non-sum Self-royed to take a tumic bride at their first debate Friday night did you know that they were having a debate of our night? No, all right Officials of the United Brother of Carparders in join is America said was the first time their union in doorstep Republican for governor of Florida the carpet as well. She's not feeling to good anyway Bush then flew to war line to one barrel the second in some of his blueprint for achievement A series of education policy pronouncements intended to build on the eight plus accountability plan The McBride has made the leading target of his campaign Wednesday's plan called retaining quality teachers will create more salary bonuses for teachers to receive national board certification and offer better return and set up to encourage teachers to stay in a classroom As Bush stood on stage with several teachers including one for more teacher of the year featured one of his TV At the press conference tend to know conversation more and more about McBride and less about the governor's record and ideas With the first indication that Bush who once held a large double digitally in the polls over both Reno and McBride was losing control over the agenda of the race In contrast McBride faced a bank at TV cameras in the courtyard of Lily C. L. Evans Elementary School Liberty City and railed against using standardized test to grade the schools as several state teacher union members to divide If Bride called the new Mason Dixon survey which pulled 625 registered voters and had a margin of error 4% It's points astounding and proclaim that the governor was nervous nervous. He's making in his pants. He's so nervous. He said Bush went back to polls results as merely the Evan Floor politics and said those searches Always natural for the winner of a primary. I'm actually surprised that I'm not far ahead said The governor How do you like that, huh? He's gaining and it's only like a 26 to September He's getting in ground. He's picking up throw it. It's like your horses like about 10 likes ahead of the top of the stretch And he starts like getting on his hands in knees You know second place behind him is just roaring roaring like a gigantic freight train like an express train Gonna pass him like he's standing still like he's in reverse Any does he goes whizzing on by Well, I'll see. Yeah, I'm just looking at that pool. What's the what's the answer for the helmet? You know that you know that that thing about I've hoat now for you know that we're getting some loony's I didn't want to say it. Well, why not because then he'll double his efforts. I know he won't who cares He just uses don't get it, man. He's a moment of the pool. Yeah, just shut up. Just dummy up. Okay You don't get it. Don't you don't keep playing you keep playing that's what you last did No, no, I did not all right So you don't understand the nuances you don't understand the minds of sick Pwis did and you think haven't done as long enough, but I guess you need one more summer although based on this last number Anyway, if you had a chance to read a cast your 2000 vote for president Where would it go? What would you do? I vote the same for gore 94. I vote the same for bush 34. I didn't vote in 2018 and shame on you Okay, that's 18 already we only got our what we got here 19 now We got a hundred and 76 votes and there's already 19 people didn't vote Don't you feel bad about those people? No, we could have used desperately we could have used you two years ago Okay, we can use you big time. I thought you've also become it. I voted for Gorbana. I vote for bush 15 See what you did. I voted for bush benign vote for Gor 4. I vote the same later for I voted for native But I would vote for Gor 2 and voted for native but I vote for bush none none So let's see six Nine right nine is the margin at bush has picked up there not he's picking up votes now the bush mice there Oh my god, what do you think he would say if he could see that result your morning? Uh-huh I mean, it's just a scary in it on the scared I'm a scared believe me, but hey, you know Don't confuse the public with the facts because the one thing that they always said is though And it were over us to 18 intelligence in the American public which is why they put this Move over the Alfred you know man in there in the first place There's an article I got here somewhere where I guess I'll never get to but I just should just should reference it now I can't stand people who say reference it but I just I should reference it now About scientists discovered that we're not really that close to related to like chimps. Did you see that? No I got it's way way way down here. I'll never get to it. But anyway And I look at him. I look at that Alfredine Newman Dear in the headlights look at his post and I say to myself well, hmm maybe I'll or we do the study, okay? Because right then this is not a joke. This is not funny This is not a time for an and of course Al Gore Is he pathetic and by the way book of Brian don't be sitting many or more copies of Al Gore speeches, okay? Jesus Christ in Joseph and Mary Since me that I'm delighted to receive his disc that was nice But to find in there they have text of Al Gore speech Man I'm here looking to have a good time not just to go into a coma I want to go into a coma. I'll listen next time that Hank is out there one day. You know who's gonna be on forum? They're one of them Yeah, just I just don't understand it, but that's the American public out there and of course they're so emotional And you see the poll they're being manipulated just like you see those strings in the godfather in the beginning the puppets on the string That's how the public has been impulated get them all whipped up get them all emotional and like Carl Roe said You know you don't you don't the start marketing a new product in August because everybody's on vacation. It's the dog days You wait till after Labor Day and then of course when you got the anniversary of 9 11 to capitalize on a whip up the flags and get that orange alert on there And get everybody do leave patriotic and all we got to get all hysterical now and we got to go in there because something has changed Anything change is side of more threatened than he was six months ago a year ago. Oh no Anyone an impassion much a bullcraft by Tony Blair the other day, which have no respect left for him. Probably too much spotted dick. That's his problem They and they're still there's still nothing there nothing new same old crap same old song advance We're not getting excited about him. I don't really I should just Right 10 13 at five 60 W to Q a m with your busy lifestyle and you need all those stuff You can pop in your body to stay healthy and here's something you can pop right in your old mouth and it's old We'll man. It's a super new product more more people are buying it more more people are using it It contains pharmaceutical grade olive oil along with lots of other fantastic stuff in that little teeny tiny cancel and by the way These aren't horse pills easy to swallow along with the olive oil is vitamins minerals and rebels And they've contacted a separate product to aim at each different part of your health They have one for your heart. There's one to lower your blood pressure one for your cholesterol One does not help your prostate one for your circulatory system. There's one for your digestive and endocrin system One for your skin and bones and even one for your mind I'll using the benefits of the purest and finest olive oil that you'll find anywhere's and Oliombe makes products to help men and ladies as well I don't think we have any ladies anymore by the way two or three. Nah we have one or two It's an outstanding new product if you'd like to pick some up You can do so at Whole Food Markets wall greens hedonos and the viral pharmacies or get more information about Oliombe before you buy it if you like by calling their tool free number one eight six six Oliombe That's one eight six OLEO Meadine even over on their website too. Just go online and check out Oliombe America dot com All in got online. I don't know what I'm doing. I don't know what I'm doing. My ammo, how it is, it's written and I'm managing my own mobile phone. I don't know why they hate me or why they always write me. It must be cause I've got you going ready for both of them. I've been on my arm like a really knally napper like a watt. I've got things on my nose and nobody knows that under my clothes I wear empty hoars. I don't mean that I'm gay. If you think my underwear, you ought to see my legs. I might as well be some smoothing shave, just a little glass. Then next time I'm raping it. I can vote to a surgeon, but that gives me the givers. I wouldn't want the walk out looking like Joe Rivers. Where am I? I buy a lovely st- the fat little freer. I did a lot of paper. Now we get aboard the beach. The reason I dismissed that st- think it's fat bastard. The guy I see wouldn't shrug up any can't play contest. I saw him go over there. Nobody took from my rap. I raped a new talk. My book at me, I'm thick thick. I ain't no swear. I'm a thing done, Betty, man. I'm really dead. I buy a ready one. I want. I don't care. Especially if they make me flip my wig later, smelly green hair. I got pie and myself, it even happens to the grapes. Westwood once said you can add a hairless, we break your legs. So now I sit by the pool, life's as good as it gets. With my pallid and cocktail, placing bets on the jeans. Who powered that? Paradise. I don't kiss nobody's ass in power and die. We're going to go to the door. I'll be sure that the screw gets when I get the chance. But the bleed is already wet. My line-bring pants. I won't visit take. I'll be calling the plate. It was just a little thought. So what I left this day? I guess it's that funny one. I know what's funny. I can do what I want. Because the management loves me. Can I tell you something mo- something you ought to know? But a lot is time. I want to do to me my own. Oh. You're my type, pal. Now I ask you. How about? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? 10. I've seen it five sixty. Who am I to realize that you played the comb? Hey. I'm the proficient guy. Excellent job. Anyway, we got two hundred and five votes. And I just realized during that break that I left a category off of this poll today. Oh no. For the old Jews and Palm Beach, a voter for Buchanan. Oh yeah. We should have that on there. I voted for Buchanan, but I meant to vote for Gore. We're probably going to have seven. Yeah. Yeah. That would be interesting. Yeah. Why not? We have some of those people who might be listening. Remember we had those credit calls on that. Oh yeah. A couple of women on Palm Beach County. Oh, I'm not really sure. I wanted to vote for Gore, but I think I might have voted for Buchanan. And then come to find out. Show enough. I wonder how many of those. Number. They'll never know. But I do remember one thing. My good close personal friend, Pat Buchanan, who's far less to the right than he used to be. Even though he's still he's kind of like a benign. Not see as opposed to the movement. Not see used to be. But anyway, remember he said he'd disobeyed those votes. He didn't want them. Right. Because he knows that they weren't intended for him. See if it would have been the fear of thing. Katherine Harris would have. She had a jump right in there. He said, okay. Well, let's give those over to Al Gore. Because we know the old Jews and Palm Beach certainly weren't voting for Bush. Well, it's big in a Katherine Harris. Oh, this is hysterical. So last night, I guess I'll use this story next. Did I tell you? I guess I did tell you before the show that Barney, Fag antagonistic army. Yes. Was on with Chris Matthews and Hardball. I like piece and quiet. And I don't need to listen to Barney Fag. Barney Frank, rang it in my ear because I made a few bucks out of a book I worked on. And of course, the big country here. This is in the Braidenton news paper by the way. What is the name of their paper? Braidenton something. Because I saw it was on there. I don't even know what the name of the paper is. Well, Braidenton, Harold. That's original. And you know something? I noticed that it's owned by the Miami here. Must be owned by a night reader. Okay. Because it's got the same format. What's that you're running? Yes. Anyway, Armies says he's anti-liberal. US House majority leader Dick Army is sticking to his guns despite complaints from National Jewish groups and fellow members of Congress after his comments. He said it. He said it. And it's true. Said Richard Diamond spokesman for Army Republic of Republic of Texas. Who's retiring. Thank God. There's no stereotype. There's no characterization. And he made an anti-liberal comment. But despite the Congressmen's attempts to dismiss the growing criticism. His comments at a recent roundtable form in Sarri Sota. That liberal Jews have a shallow intellect while conservative Jews have deep intellect. Our appearing in media outlets is diverse as the London-based financial times. And capital-hills congressional quarterly, the L.A. Times and CNN. How do you like that? I Diamond said Army was not making a statement about Jewish people in particular, but a statement about liberals in general is something that he's never shy away from. It was 100% liberals versus conservative Diamond said he's a friend of the Jewish community, but not for liberals. One of the things that they were trying to defend last night is that Catherine Harris was in the audience. And he didn't say nothing. Okay. Is that if that should make it even? I think it was unprecedented. Bill Prestos went ballistic. He's so in other words, the fact that she was in the audience, that makes a difference. That she would like to spoken up. Is she Jewish? No. Anyway, two of Army's colleagues aren't buying that explanation. A joint statement released by U.S. representative Martin Frost, Democratic Texas, and U.S. representative N. N. Deloitte, Democrat and New York votes Jewish. An ounce of Army's denounced Army's divisor, Marks as breathtaking in their ignorance. We're certain we speak for people of every religious ethnic background, condemning these disparaging comments about the millions of Jews and other Americans who haven't been disagree with his right wing idiot. And heology the statement said that right wing son of a bitch, radical lunatic, who, by the way, is also opposed against this invasion of Iraq. The anti-difamation league is criticized Army, though the league stopped short of accusing him of being anti-Semitic. They just said he was anti-Semitic, I guess. The forward start. That's the president's anti-Semitic. The national Jewish Democratic Council was less guarded in its response saying Army defames Jewish people by calling them shallow. Army stereotyping statements are ignorant, but much more importantly, the divisives said, I reforman the Council's executive director. Army's office called the criticism transparent. They're just seizing on this, they weren't there, they're just picking up the newspaper and saw an opportunity to make an unsubsanciated, and we're against the biggest supporter of Israel and Congress, and they're only effective as the score political points. And of course this business about supporting Israel, just like that article you sent me in mother Jones about the right wing. This is nothing new, this has been going on way back at the beginning when I was in W. News about 100 years ago. When Jerry Falwell and that whole movement of these evangelical Christians were starting, and there was Barbara Stuelly, this right wing, fully bitch on there, that they had dropped up to run for political office, and every night I heard pathetic show that preceded mine. I just love Israel, the Jewish people, I love my love, anybody remember that? I bet you remember that, some of you long time chronic listeners, Barbara Stuelly, did Jewish people, I love my love, my love Israel. Because they were planning to run her for office, they were stuck out to the old Jews, which thanked the Lord she never did wind up running for anything. Although she did some interesting things in that kitchen in that station, but nevertheless, Oh, Senator Hill, how's everybody here? Just calm down, Barbara. Calm down. So that whole business about the right wing Christians on their love for Israel, it's only for one reason, and that's because they can't wait for Armageddon. I mean, if I tell you how much I love you, but it's only because I hope you're going to die pretty soon. That's probably not a really, that's not a ringing endorsement. Crazy religionists who love Israel, and of course the Jews, a lot of the Jews, a lot of these Zionists, all come on board, and that's why they had that big love affair with Jerry Falwell, and every other right wing of the boy that came down the pike because oh, they loved Israel. But the problem is they loved it for the wrong reason. Asholes. God, people are so freaking stupid, so shallow. There's shallow as a guy named Waiting Pond. You know what I'm talking about? What are you talking about? I'm talking about people who, maybe the most intelligent thing that they could say would be. Like that. If they could like blur it out. Don't get yourself all worked up again, okay? Don't let go back into the past. The time is rolling along, you know? Just take those paychecks, if and when they ever show up, if and when. Keep that in mind, Carlos. Well, you know, you can always, you can always like use the money, like a fantasy thing in your mind. You know, if I actually had that money, I could pay this. We'll like a do-veh-a-a, like monopoly money. Right. Green stamps. Let's see. Let me take a look at this pool here. 17 to 17 to 10 minus nine. He's picked up Nyan and then the nine push. Can you believe that? No. That is scary. So in other words, no matter what the hell I say on a show no matter how many brilliant articles are read, how many brilliant comments any of us make. Forget about it. Don't confuse them with the facts. They're all goose stepping, baby. Go into this war. We want to have this debate. We don't want to get it over with an off-the agenda. So you're saying that for the Democrats, this could be a political opportunity. The same thing that they're accusing the Republicans of doing, of using this war as a political. They're all a bunch of political horrors, honey. Yeah. Yeah. Get with it. How does she stupid? What is her name, Darren Cagan? I don't know. 1026. I'm getting the digital cable in here. So I can watch MSNBC. I'm getting that in this room too, even though it cost me more money. Because I can't handle CNN. It's certainly not news. Is there anybody out there who's not planning to be up. He sportsbook.com to get with it. A lot of ads are out there these days, but you need to do some research before you get the news. Some research before you're plugged down your heart and money. At some unstable third world sportsbook, like maybe in Georgia or somewhere. Let's help you out. VIPsportsbook.com is the only book that is unanimously endorsed by the industry. Watch those unanimous meaning each and every one of them. They're Dutch based, which means they're A.O.K. And they smoke a lot of weed. And one of the first online sportsbooks too. So if you want to go out of the world of the lifetime, you want to be with the best sportsbook going. And that's VIPsportsbook.com. The football season is in full swing. Patriots are going to kick the crap. Who the hell are you playing this weekend? Nobody knows. Who the Patriots play in this weekend? Carlos. Find out for you. Dolphins are playing in Kansas City. Going to get their ass beat for who the hell are the Patriots play? Anyway, the football season is in full swing. I don't hurt your hurt coolings. They're playing innocent high. So you need to be with the best sportsbook in the world of VIPsportsbook.com. Open an account online, get you a 15% cash sign of bonus too. And did I mention this time that they got the highest probably odds in the world. Up to 2001. So get over to VIPsportsbook.com. Play it a book with class. Call 86 VIP bets. Oh, San Diego. By the way, thank you. San Diego. Just on to me. 86 VIP bets. So what are you waiting for? Go to VIPsportsbook.com and get that 15% cash bonus sign of right now. VIPsportsbook.com where you be the VIP. Why in local? We're sports radio 560's UAM. Do you fudge back him? Good evening, my fellow Americans. I was not elected to serve your interests. Together we will address some of society's deepest problems. Vice President Gore and his family. If something else I asked you, ask every American. I asked for you to party. I know Americans want parties. And it will be a foundation of my administration. I'm optimistic that we can party. And I will give it my all. Thank you very much. And God bless America. Party. Yeah. Pentretty 2 at 560 W2. I am happy Thursday 2. We got the mad dog at 1. Hank at 3. Hank with B.O. 5 to 6. And then the Marlon stuff marlins at the Spos boys. Sorry. And then the speaking of the Marlins. Wow. I don't want to mention names of people that have like painted their vercos, veins, white and green allegedly. But wow. Talk about turning. Talk about being a front running phony. Ah, baseball blows. And nobody cares about them. And they suck. And blah, it's all football. Man. Isn't this the same guy that was going on historically by you to want to lose your baseball team. And they got a wonderful exciting young team. Everybody should go out there and support them. And we got to get some people involved in it. blah, blah, blah. Already 2000 ahead of the 1500 we had last night. Brother. Pretty sad if you asked me. But what the, you know, then I get what the L.I. No. You won't say? You know, you know, you know, you let straight. Anyway, moving right along suspected alkyte of camp scene in Iran. In Iran. That's written in. Right. Or some of the politicians would say Iran. US intelligence has detected a suspected alkyte of training camp in a remote area of eastern Iran. Longed to border with Afghanistan sources told NBC news. Over at imagery shows what appears to be a training camp. Complete with a tourist obstacle course on a rifle range. Much like those alkyte to use nap gannis. And it trained for assassinations. It's been reported previously that number of alkyte leaders has fled to eastern Iran. But this would be the first evidence that alkyte was actually using Iran to resume terrorist training. Sources told NBC news that while Iran's civilian government may not know the training camp is there, Iran's military and intelligence certainly would. There was no word yesterday on possible US efforts to deal with these suspected alkyte of camp. Iran's relationship with alkyte appears to have been tenuous at best in the early 1990s. But by the late 90s it was filled with ill will and even including attempt to assassination by Iran. Of the Taliban's leader in alkyte is protector. Mullah Mahamir Omar in August 99. Mullah Bulah. Moreover, it's hard to determine how much of any official cooperation has ever been between alkyte and the Iranian government. Documents and testable in the East African embassy bombing trials indicate that some in the Iranian government, among its clerics in the terrorist organization, hisullah, event contacts with high-ranking members of alkyte including at least one meeting involving Osama, Yumama, and bin Laden. However, US officials said that while there have been contacts, they were believed to have been peripheral. There is also no evidence of any joint attacks, only some discussions and training officials said. As to the possibility of an Iranian link to 911, a senior intelligence official said, we don't believe that there is no such evidence. And I guess what he meant was just like there's no such evidence as an Iranian link with Iraq for the attacks of 911. You know what I'm saying? Uh-huh. Yeah. Thomas Del Friedman writes in the New York Times this is from a couple of days ago. Yesterday's matter, fact did end. Did end. He says, I happen to be in Israel on September 11, 2001 on September 12, 1 to the Israeli Defense Ministry. To talk to security experts there about what Israel had learned from dealing with the Palestinian suicide bombers that might help America. The main lesson they said was this, and the only people who can effectively stop suicide bombers are those in the community they come from. Only if they're political and spiritual leaders, the legitimacy of suicide bombing, only if their security forces and intelligence agencies are mobilized to prevent it can't really be stopped. Israel, they told me, could never penetrate Palestinian society the way Palestinians could. Therefore, the ultimate task for Israel was to find the right pressures and incentives to get the Palestinians themselves to stop the bombings. Unfortunately, that message doesn't seem to have reached Prime Minister Ariel Suron, who I believe has never had a plan for out of reach as stable accommodation with the Palestinians. His only interest didn't make the West Bank safe for Israeli settlers to stay not leave, and is going to lead Israel in way dead end if he sticks to his present course and will take America long for the ride. I have enormous sympathy for Israel's flight today. There's no society in the world that's ever been exposed to what Israel has over the past two years. Repeated suicide bombings of its civilians and their buses, restaurants and city centers, compounded by anti-Semitic attacks by Europeans who call for a severing of ties with Israeli universities when Israel retaliates. That's enough to make any civilized society crazy. But the Syrian response isn't working. Months ago, Mr. Syiron dismissed Yasir Amafar as a relevant, smashed security services and announced his real attention to a service responsibility for its own security in the West Bank. But when Palestinian suicide bombers from Hamas and Islamic Geha, then perpetrate more suicide bombings, Mr. Syiron attacks Mr. Erfart's headquarters as if he sent to bombers himself. If Mr. Syiron believes that Mr. Erfart sent these bombers, then he should have victim. If he thinks Mr. Erfart is irrelevant, then he should ignore him. But what makes no sense is to treat Mr. Erfart as if he's totally irrelevant and totally responsible. Because all that does is to get Palestinians to rally around the Efectus Mr. Erfart and aboard any possibility of Palestinians producing a new leadership that would be relevant to negotiations. And to his latest security. That's not just blunt call for Palestinians to dump Mr. Erfart and thanks to Mr. Syiron's crackdown on Palestinians to prove that the full interest in Tefata is launched two years ago and they wait for President Clinton's peace overture will not pay. Israel and the US had begun to sow the first seeds of internal and internal Palestinian uniform that were needed for them to reign in the suicide bombers. For the past months, a few Palestinian leaders and commentators have been speaking about what a mistake it was for Mr. Erfart to have turned down the Clinton plan for a Palestinian state. Palestinian legislators have owed a no confidence in Mr. Erfart's cabinet and pushed forward more responsive of alternatives and secular Palestinians have begun openly questioning suicide bombing. All of these trends are bad news for Hamas Islam, Islamic Jihad, Iraq and Iran. So they've been pushing out even more suicide bombers to trigger a Shiron reaction that would rally Palestinians around Mr. Erfart's failed leadership and aboard the emergence of any new consensus Mr. Erfart is celebrating. Mr. Shiron has a tough job he has to pursue a peace settlement with the Palestinians as if there were no terrorism and a hunter terrorist as if no peace settlement were possible. That requires subtle distinctions, but Mr. Shiron's policy seems to be to ignore all distinctions between Hamas and Erfart and between Hamas and his secular Palestinian mainstream would like to see change. One has to wonder whether Mr. Shiron really is now to undermine the whole Palestinian national movement it hopes that one day some quizzling Palestinian authority simply surrenders to the Israeli occupation. He sure doesn't seem interested in nurturing a more responsible Palestinian authority to see land to. If that's where Mr. Shiron is going it will come to tears and the booch team if it goes along for the ride will be very sorry. Always remember the leading Hebrew biography of Mr. Shiron is entitled he doesn't stop at red lights. How do you like that pretty good karma? Pretty good. By Thomas Ramoth and say all the things that you'd like. Yeah. Well, for example in the first paragraph there you missed one say. How many votes we got on the pool? How many votes? 247. I voted for Beacon but I wanted to vote for Gordon. Well nice going Erfart you got that on there already I forgot all about even saying that. All Jews up there in Palm Beach they're not listening to the show the old Jews in Palm Beach. Yeah, maybe one or two see them probably to invest to admit this because they know that we're going to trace it. And we're going to come to their house and take away their sweet and low and their walker if we ever find more or they are. I mean talk about stupid man stupid. Don't be blimin at poor mirror what the username to resale poor don't be blimin that stupid bitch. She can't help it. I voted for nater but I'd vote for Bush too. I voted for nater but now I vote for Gordon too. So that's a wash I don't I don't believe it. I vote the same for nater five. Oh, oh and you notice how prominent he is these days how he's really speaking out not on anything. Not just about invading Iraq but about the economy but every other guy damn thing it's going to where to hell is he and others but he don't use on there if he got them that MSNBC. Did we see Ralph later? No. No because these some numbers they realize nobody wants to see him but called stubborn is what it's called. I voted for Bush but now I vote for Gore eight. I voted for Gore but now I vote for Bush 19. 19. So he's picked up 11 votes. I didn't vote in 2027. I vote the same for Bush 45. I vote the same for 139. So Bush is pulling away okay. Now is that because he's more popular now because of this war thing and because of people feel in sorry and I'm loving everything over. Or is that because Gore is such a piece of crap? That one. That one. Well. The bottom of who's saying is not a threat to seriously the fact that Boko Brian sent me that transcript the other day that it was enough to make me scream. I mean don't do that again. How many trees do they have to chop down and it was long two was like pages and pages and pages. It was like a lot of left in there what he's covers for his new CD that is coming out with Boko Brian. In fact, you know if we don't call it mobits we should always call it. Call it that. But the one where Bush must have his kiss and condolese him. She's got that same look on her face that Chelsea had on her face the other day. Remember that picture? Or I'll bet out of shape about. I saved it. Look of a rousal. In fact, you can imagine where he's got his hand now. To get on to elicidate look on her face like that. I think he's cupping one. And that's not so sure it's a breast. Hey, they say she's got big balls. I'm saying the price for this situation. You have to have big balls to work for Chevron. 1041 is 560WQ. Let's forget about all this. Okay. And the way the world is right now with all the kind of crazy stuff they're trying to unload on us. You need a good night's sleep. Then you wake up in the morning feeling refreshed. You know actually this morning I woke up and I just hop right out of bed. The alarm went off and I just hop right out. So maybe my mattress is making a comeback. Or maybe psychologically I was thinking about getting back home and sleeping on a great mattress. I got from dial a mattress for many years now. I've been sleeping on mattresses from dial a mattress, which is why I'm in such good shape. Seriously, you get wake up at the morning feel refreshed because if you don't have a good mattress, your back is crappy and cranky and you feel like garbage all day long. So if the old mattress is had it get you the great new mattress. You're looking for the easy, the inexpensive way by making one EC phone call 1 800 mattress. Just that one call. Don't leave the house. Don't go running around. Don't go comparison shopping. It's a waste of time. They got the best mattresses in the world. See these Simmons and King Coil and as far as delivery is concerned, unbeatable. Within a couple of hours after your call, they can be there knock on on your door. Or any to our one of those convenient for you any day, seven days a week when you're going to be home and they also give you that unbeatable 30 day in home comfort travel to private new mattress out and they give you exceptionally low everyday prices and they don't give you the old bait and swish either. Now, there was exactly the mattress you're looking for in the brand name. They got it for you ready for immediate delivery. So if you want to get your back into a great shape called dial a mattress right now, you'll be sleeping in real comfort right away. Call 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S or check them out on my wicked worldwide web if you like it's easy. Just go to a mattress.com And look all six is Fort Real 5-6. We're here for you. We're here for you. Fair number one, baby. There's an old thing that says boom, we want to shame on you. Can't get fool again. We're in a rack. I guess we fail. How's that thing going, Georgie? What does it again? Seems the more we've moved. The less we've found. Pull me once. Hard knowledge nuclear. Keep a billet piece. Disappointing our inspection teams. Cause we got our face. That he even deceiver. There won't be a trace. If we go back this time, we're out of luck. It's easy to see by the won't be a damn thing. We'll have a fine. He thinks we are more or less idiots. Think and you can hide the stuff he's got. What's the use of searching? What do we got to gain? Don't you know you can't try side down those signs. Have we got our face? That he's in deceiver. There won't be a trace. If we go back this time, we're out of luck. He's a deceiver. We'll be a damn thing. We'll have a fine. You're right about this pull by the way. They're in high gear now. They're moving off into sunset with the phony boats. Anyway, somebody it's back to me this yesterday. What's that website about bush is a schmuck.com or whatever that is? I don't know. Some of his 8 million misstatements. There's an old saying in Tennessee. Now, what was the September 17th 10pm on MSNBC? Bush says there's an old saying in Tennessee. I know it's in Texas. Probably in Tennessee that says. He can't even figure out where he's talking about. That says, fool me once. Three second pause. Shame on. Shame on you. Six second pause. Fool me. Can't get fooled again. See what I'm saying? Yes. Shocking. Idiot. Ten forty. The new caller president. Yes. Well, you are. I'm so sorry. Don't you have any women? We don't have no domas. Damn it. New York City to already had the story. Thank you very much. Some of the Dutch version. Because he was afraid that somebody might intercept the facts before we get to me knew that you didn't understand no Dutch. Why are people paranoid? Why would you intercept the snowing? You didn't intercept anything unless it's like from one of the cronics. And you just know I don't want to see it. And I do a bad job at that. Do a terrible job of that. You're going to be a good job. You're going to be a good job. You're going to be a good job. You're going to be a good job. You're going to be a good job. You're going to be a good job. You're going to be a good job. You're going to be a good job. You're going to be a good job. You're going to be a good job. You're going to be a good job. You're going to be a good job. You're going to be a good job. You're going to be a good job. Sex has a new home in New York City. The porn shops and peep shows of time squares may be gone, but they will not be forgotten. courtesy of the Museum of Sex and adults only institution dedicated to chronicling some of those basic urges known to man and woman. Four years in the conception, the high ground museum among the low rise office buildings on Fifth Avenue in 27th Street, opens to the public Saturday with the State View Exhibition New York City's Sex, House New York City Transform Sex in America. Part historical part educational part entertaining and certainly part titillating. Say that fast titillating. The Museum offers a journey through the sexual landscape of the city starting from mid-19th century by a photographs. posters art objects, documents, still in cartoons ranging from the benign to ex rated graphic. Then that's right about the hotels about those right wing or goyam and the hotels with the appornal movies yesterday. Right. It's just the fact that the public out there just thinks that this is the way the whole world is. I mean here we are talking about how backward they were in Afghanistan for the good of all nations and look what we're doing. Why a Museum of Sex? Executive director Daniel Glux said the absence of one screamed out of him. When you were in New York then the scream at you? It's not like it's been a lifelong dream to open a Museum of Sex. The Academy of Arts and the University of York said it Wednesday's press preview. The gallery was in the state of virtual undress with only a third of the exhibition available for viewing. It's like if there was no Museum of Modern Art I said why is there a Museum of Sex? It's just as important as that. You must be at least 18 years old to punk down the $17 admission price for the Museum which might become a dating destination with its closing time of 9 pm on Fridays and Saturdays. The Museum takes itself and subject very seriously. The curator, a great eternal, was formerly director of exhibitions at the New York Historical Society, and was founded without sanctuary, lynching photography in America among the Museum's best attendants exhibitions. Well we gotta see that. The Museum's Board of Historian advises numbers 14 most of them are college academics. The surprising thing is that this is the first serious Museum of Sex to open in the US, said Dr. June Rinesich, a former director of the Kinsey Institute at Indiana University, and a senior advisor to the Museum. It says a lot about America. America is still conservative sexually. She says, you see them in a humberg, Copenhagen, Paris, Amsterdam, in Spain. Japan has got what even Shanghai has got a sex museum. Then of course they have the Museum of Torture, the Estimation Museum in Amsterdam as well. Yeah, probably. It's about 2 am. I got some long pieces here today. Okay, and I don't apologize up front even though I may have been making no impact. All of these crank votes, you're not full of anybody anymore. Okay. It's just ridiculous. John Pradoff, now this is something American prospect, which you can find online, www.prospect.org. Don't ask, don't tell. The Bush administration is playing politics with the investigation of the 9-11-1000 figures and standing in the way of full accounting rights John Pradoffs. Join here, examine intelligence failures that preceded 9-11 to place in Washington last week, only to be conveniently upstage by the Bush administration demand for a resolution of congressional approval for war against Iraq. As a result, the real significance of what did and did not happen in the post-9-11 investigation threatens to become lost in the cacophony of the Iraq debate. Adding to the frustrations of the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence and the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, the Iraqi War issue is sure to pull members into their more political roles and cut into the time already limited available for their investigation of the most serious lives of intelligence in recent memory. Though side tracking or stalling the intelligence that investigation has been and administration aim and the Bush officials seem to have succeeded in the short run, late last week the White House suddenly abandoned its formally stocked opposition to an inquiry by a commission independent of the intelligence committees. What happened here is an important indicator of both the real aims of the Bush administration and the strength of the political forces at work in this matter. In paneled in late 2001, the joint inquiry was charged with making a full investigation to the response of the US government, including that of the intelligence community to win a national terrorism. The original three choices had been for this inquiry to be undertaken to by standing committees of Congress a special investigating committee were independent commission. The Bush administration initially opposed all alternatives calling them a distraction from the war on terrorism but eventually promising to cooperate with the joint inquiry. The intelligence committees began their investigation in February and initially anticipated public hearings beginning in April. That date later slipped to June and then the September part of the reason was disarray within the joint committee, but part was the massive undidist of data it was given. Authorities took credit for handing over some 200,000 documents. Stacked director Elbritz Snyder, a former CIA inspector general, was obliged to resignable 26 when emerged that even slow to inform superiors that another former CIA officer hired for the staff was under investigation for failing a polygraph test for his agency security clearance. Successor Eleanor Hill certainly needed time to get the investigators on track, but the difficulties with the 911 inquiry are by no means of the committee's making. The 23 staffers are connected almost 200 interviews and collected 30,000 documents on their own by May. For George W. The real danger in the investigation always been that a might reveal that as a administration approached the terrorism had been like a days ago prior to the attacks on the American Washington, arguably this was the true reason for his initial opposition to an inquiry or independent commission. It was certainly the reason for the defensiveness of the National Secluded Advisory Condolees Arise and others when it was revealed in May that Bush actually had received the CIA briefing on Osama bin Laden's methods including his interest in using aircraft months ahead of the attacks. Vice President Cheney's harsh criticism of the committee in June after news broke that the NSA had intercepted messages indicating him in an action immediately prior to the attacks. Information on why I'll say itself had mentioned although in less or two tail, only days after the attacks had the political effect of undercutting the credibility of the inquiry. The FBI investigation of Bleak to which committee chairman agreed became an important roadblock to the investigative progress of the committee's time was soaked up responding to FBI inquisitors. A practical setback that was made worse by the chilling effect of allowing the FBI, the agency to committee was investigating to turn the tables and investigate the committee. Meanwhile, the administration to flag a offer date about the provision of terrorism intelligence to Bush and the declassification process that preceded last week's open hearings refused to release material indicating presidential awareness even where the substance of the documents was known or being declassified. Moving into the hearings, the White House refused to permit open testimony by any intelligence agency chief or by the Secretary of State or Defense. Instead, the public was treated to deputy defense secretary Paul Wolffowitz using the intelligence inquiry as a platform for advocating a war with Iraq. A part from a few mid-level intelligence analyst and FBI special agents who testified on the specifics of individual terrorist slipping undetected into the U.S., the administration has provided no commentary on the role of U.S. intelligence informing the president on terrorism. In recent interview with the New York Times, joint committee co-chairman Senator Bob Graham of Florida remarked, we were told that there would be cooperation in this investigation and I questioned that. I think that most of the information our staff was able to get is that is real meaningful. It's had to be extracted piece by piece. Similarly, the Senate Intelligence Committee's Vice Chairman, Alabama Republican Richard Shelby, asked on NBC television, beginning the cooperation we need, Shelby answered his own question, absolutely not he said. On September 18, the first day of the joint committee's open hearing still presented the investigative staff's report on intelligence before 9.11. Beard in the report is the statement that a review of information reported on top U.S. officials in the so-called C.R. executive intelligence brief shows that terrorism information appeared quite frequently. The brief show that coverage of in law and specifically rose during the spring and summer of 2001, taking in June when Islamic extremists were referred to a reference to an 18 of 298 touch articles. This type of report is a lesser version of the government's top intelligence product, the president's daily briefs. Though the joint committee investigators reported nothing about the intelligence given to Bush, the clear reference to be drawn here is that the record is much more extensive than previously understood put it on pause. Okay. We got to do the break. Okay. Like I said, there's some lengthy bedtime stories today, and I'm going to read a more than that one asshole, I should have not. Okay. Stick it, baby. Bedtime stories, my big fat old Jewish ass. 1057 at 560, WQM, you want some great shoes, Brandy Shoes has been doing it right by people for a long time. That's why there's still one of those places that like in institution and that same location they've been for a long time. Brandy Shoes, you'll find about 1290 North Federal Highway in Pompano Beach, and they all carry only carry the top things in a business. They've got rock ports. SAS, Spirits, Timberland Naturalizers, and lots more. They know your feed inside and out and they give it to lowest prices anywhere, which of course is what most good shoppers are concerned about. They want quality, they want selection, but they want low prices, they want to save some cash, and at Brandy's you always do that. Brandy is open daily 9 to 9 Sundays 10 to 5, and like I said, they're in that same great location, even though I'm loving them for your whole lifetime, 1290 North Federal Highway in Pompano Beach, and we'll forget that final summer current South Los Alps right now at Brandy's, it's still going on. Save up to 73% on famous Brands right now for a limited time only at Brandy Shoes in Pompano Beach. And look, this is 42056. You're way too way, yeah. Thank you very difficult with me this morning. I just can't stop moving. My book is really sore. I don't know what that is. Oh, god, you come to so far. My pattern's started called with my two, I want to go and name it by one's you. I'll spray it there to call this filthy yo. I'll stink it by one who will be just for you. It wasn't number one, it's number two. I want to go and name it by one's you. Are you a little scol? They pay part of Virginia? Yes. And others say the ruins probably were not like little Jennifer. What that was their name? Smart Shore right. Whatever name was. Probably not her. But they're not positive. They're still like they're trying to find the crossbow and still go with it. Anyway, get back to this article here. Who wrote this? John Prado's in the American prospect. Not much more. He says the record of what Bush Newgo is directly to the issue of accountability for nine percent of the president's most substantive action to months before the attack taken on May 8, 2001. What's the one outscraced of an office for preparedness within the federal emergency management administration? An agency whose budget was cut to be cut under the existing administration budget proposals. A policy review of co-production against been a lot of been completed by April, but started within the NSC, the National Security Council and wasn't turned into a plan until after White House policy directive sign on August 2001 by Condolese and not by Bush himself. The president was directly responsible for the operation of the NSC and its staff, which delayed moving the co-production program for Council discussion from June until September, despite all the intelligence and quite apart from the failures to apprehend the terrorist, positioning themselves for the events of 9.11. Both Cheney and Roy said to clear that the president's daily briefs cannot see the light of day because declassification would reveal intelligence sources and methods. Cheney also maintains that such documents have not released in the past and seems concerned that a poor president would be set now. The documents are species. The documents are products of analysis not operational reports, and statements regarding sources can be easily deleted in the declassification process. As for the active declassification number of briefs as well as the predecessors of the documents which were called presidents and intelligence checklists have long been on the public record. These arguments are really about shielding Bush from the revelation of information that would raise questions of performance and accountability to zealwewitch the effort to protect Bush's continued in turn raises the respect of the arrogance of power. Which brings us full circle of a question of an independent commission of inquiry into 9.11. The House of Representatives is already passed by the Slaysoner Create such a commission and similar legislations being championed in the Senate by Jewelie Roman and majority leader Tom Vassel. As recently as September 18th however White House press secretary Ari Fleissier declared the president will wait for a completion of the committee investigation then said Fleissier will take a look at talking to Congress about whether or not there is anything additional that goes to broader areas of necessary. But very quickly both senators Graham and Shelby were on record arguing that an independent commission is necessary and they were soon joined by both other legislators and representatives of the families of victims of 9.11. Late last week the White House abandoned its long opposition to a commission crediting the families for Bush to change your heart. The more likely explanation is too fooled that the White House doesn't want to be on the losing end of a legislative fight and that it now believes the congressional investigation cannot be kept under control. It's instructed that Nicholas E. Kelly or White House legislative council writing on September 20th to offer the president's strong support for a commission saw its function as an examination of border security aviation visas and state local security issues. Fleissier's comment was that a commission inquiry could involve some some level of intelligence but not immediately pouring in that the intelligence committees did. Translated this means that Bush will support inquiry loaded down with so many issues it will hardly be able to get into intelligence or the president's accountability. It should be added to the White House would be grateful that's got most of the power as well. The arrogance of power is growing what did not happen in the hearings of the joint intelligence committees was a proper examination of the executives and in particular the president's role in failing to come to grips with the forces that trigger the attacks of 9.11. And what has happened since 9.11 has been an orchestrated effort to avoid answering such questions at all. Yeah. Signed. You fact me a thing about this earlier about stem cell research. Yes. I said I have the story which I do. Now that another reason why this pull over here so bogus unless people are done with them we thought they were getting sucked in by the anti-human bushes. Advances in medical research are being hindered by federal rules governing the use of embryonic scientists told a son of panellist today. Many researchers believe these cells could hold the key to solving such diverse maladies as Parkinson's disease, Alzheimer's, spinal cord injuries and diabetes. However, President Bush citing ethical concerns restricted federal funding for research on embryonic stem cells to 78 already existing cell lines. Gaining access to those limited cell lines has been inordinately difficult several researchers who are not in the same state of mind setting cost, problems negotiating agreements with the cell owners and restrictions imposed by governments of foreign countries where many of the cells are located. Responding to the complaints Dr. Realizer Hoony directed the National Institute of Health at his agency is diligently working with as many sources as we can to make more cell lines available. Stum cells form very early in the embryos development and later differentiated numerous types of cells that are damaged organs and cured disease, but the five-themed embryo dies when the cells are removed and upon, so are you. This is wrong. Dr. George Daily of the Wethand Institute at MIT said far fewer lines are available than the 78-cited by the Bush administration perhaps only a handful he said. The existing restrictions are keeping advances from being realized daily to the Senate appropriations subcommittee on labor health and human services yesterday. Dr. Kurt of Johns Hopkins University told of months of negotiations with the owners of cell lines in India holding to have the Indian government step in and ban export of the cells. More than a year after this session of our research I have yet to receive my first cell line, seven said. Daily in seven energy NIH was established a central facility could to collect and distribute the cell lines to researchers. Roger Peterson of Cambridge University in England said the lack of federal support for research on human embryos is undoubtedly delayed the benefits of research to infertile patients and patients with degenerative diseases. Peterson noted that he worked for 30 years at the University of California San Francisco but moved to England because the government there encourages stem cell research. Senator Allen's specter, Pennsylvania, said it may be time to consider legislation who eased the research, asked Peterson of other American scientists who are likely to continue their work. We are working diligently to recruit them he said. While Zirhoni said his agency is trying to make more cells available to researchers he contended the research is really at an early stage. Research in the past year has shown that embryonic cells might someday be used to treat Parkinson's disease, heart disease and type one diabetes or Hony said. These findings are important by the continued emphasized where the very release stage much more basic research needs to be done he said. He said he's named the task force headed by Dr. James Baddy of the National Institute on Deafness to review the current state of stem cell science and medical recommendations for its future direction. California State Senator and Robert T. Stolder panel her state has enacted a law that overwides the federal rules. Uh oh, there goes California again. Messing with the federal government provides provides state support for new embryonic stem cell lines federal money can only be used for the 78 eligible cell lines the California law would allow scientists to start new cell lines for their research. We simply as Congress to respect California as well as you told the subcommittee asked if the California law would lead to problems for researchers there as far as federally funded programs or Hony said no. He said they can do both federally and state funder research together as long as they account for the federal money to be sure it spent only on working involving eligible cell lines those mostly fictitious 78. Most of which were mixed with mouse cells in the first place of the government they're totally useless. With tickerers. And that's all we need is to start using that really embryonic cells to make a lot more than damn Irish tickerers. We asked them our poll today on the arroggies.com if you had a chance to recast your 2000 vote for president today. Now who would you do? I vote the same for Gore 172. I vote the same for Bush 61. I didn't vote in 234. This is out of 319. 34. And I've changed it again. It's still 34. I voted for Gore but now I vote for Bush 31. It's totally bogus. I voted for Bush but now I vote for president. I vote the same for Nader's 6. I voted for native and out of Gore 4. I voted for Bush 3. I voted for Buchanan but I wanted to vote for Gore. None of them yet. First of all those old farts. I don't have computers. No. I think about it. Am I thinking clearly? No. Excuse me. What I meant to say was that. See those old farts. I don't have no computers. There's no way to get through to them. Damn it. Because I wish it would be like 600. When you think? At least. In fact, put in the 650. But next one is in to offset these bogus ones that we're going to get coming here today. 11 past 11. We got the mad dog at one. Hank Goldberg at three with that Bino Cook thing. And five because it kills a really good hour and Bush is it up. Marlon stuff. 60 to the win over the game is over. After the Marlon's and Joe and Mark, the dirty boys overnight. I guess we better do the break. Yes, we should. Well, we're going to do the break. I guess I better reach back and get the copy. Where the hell is that copy? Oh no. You know, I could get started really easily but I won't. Oh, come on. How's Skippy doing by the way? He's fine. What do you mean he's fine? He's smooth and then chunky. Yeah. Tucky. I thought it was Skippy. He is a real piece of. He's the kind of stuff you try not to step on an Amsterdam is what he is. Skippy. Oh, gee. He's picking on me. What did I do? Nothing. That's exactly it. Skippy, you're doing nothing. Remember he was like came in at one day and he made that big announcement. I'm going to get you a new copy for the Emerald Coast. How many weeks ago? And that's when I was there. What was that about seven years ago that I was there? Yeah, of course. Did he give me new copy? No. No. And that's that of course is only one. Here's another guy. I watched it off the street of Punkies about ten years old. Where's about fourteen pounds soaking wet. IQ of a perikey. And he inherits all these accounts that Brian Schmutz with his heart open out there and sold and you know. Hey, with your busy lifestyle and all the energy you can't feel healthy and all you might as the answer for you. All you may just pop some in your post contains all kinds of good stuff olive oil and vitamins and minerals and robles. And they make a separate product and roll to separate party or a thing. You know what I'm saying? In other words, they got one specific redesign to help your heart. There's one lower your blood pressure, one lower your cholesterol and you want to help your prostate all in little soft shell caps like you just pop regularly in your post. They also make a product help your circulatory system. You're digestive and end of consistent your skin and bones and even your mind. I'm using the benefits of the best olive oil you'll find on the planet and all your made makes products for men and ladies as well. It's an exciting new product if you want to get more info just call her tool free number at 1-866-Oleomid 1-866-Oleomid and you can pick some up the stores all over South Florida too if you want it right away. Call Whole Food Markets while green Sedanos and our pharmacies and I guarantee they got a wait and for you. And you can also order Oleomid on their website too if you like at Oleomidamerica.com and you call that tool free number. Tom Skippy is an asshole. You're a human. You're a human. You're a human. You're a human. You're a human. You're a human. You're a human. You're a human. You're a human. You're a human. You're a human. You're a human. You're a human. You're a human. You're a human. You're a human. And that was thechildren they saved from thisreckoo and M deven respect and ops. How they do becha'kitt.? Gas Lane's. Are you sure? Hope this? Oh, that's nice. Plenty of room in the back to beat your kids. You beat your kids, Larry. Who made you watch, Larry? I don't know. One day, we younger, was at the track most in a time. I don't like the way you laugh. Why? Don't they laugh too good? I don't think anybody else's laugh. I just can't stand your laugh. No. I said, I wouldn't laugh. Stop it. No. I don't want to see her. I don't see her. I don't see her. I don't see her. I don't see her. I don't see her. I don't see her. 1118 at 5.60 WDQA. I'm happy Thursday, Tia. Here's a facts from Chris who says this week. I took it to the Jeff to Forest Show. Jeff was out of talent filling in from this week, was something called the Pauli Man. Oh. How can he be on vacation? Doesn't everyone need vacation. Oh, yeah. Guess. What is it? The end of September? Right. Where did he go back on the air months ago? Not that many months ago. Two and a half. Does a radio station really pay money for anybody to get on the ear and talk? Oh, the Pauli man. I'm sure he's got some kind of a good deal going over there. The Pauli man. Did he belong on the ear? No. No. And then you know, another thing. Now that I'm starting to build up the case, my mind against the photo. The fact that he got screwed over real bad is we wouldn't hold the burger. I mean the dunk and don't know nothing with the short stack. That was bad enough. But again, you remember who we hated the case to the king and to see. He was always like see this is the problem. Shifty default. He always had these little things working, which is why when he opened up his wall. He had 85 different pay checks in there from 85 different jobs. And so then of course we had the Scott and Ira. Remember he invented that whole deal? Right? Who were you going to see by the way? Were they really? Yes, they wouldn't get any. No. Me either. Well screw them. Happy circus Scott. I mean Ira. Yeah, he's the one that encouraged them to kind of come in and like take over the place. That's what Scott thought. He kind of thought that. And oh, I mean we could we could spend the whole next the rest of the hour and that story. About the fact that these guys came waltzing in there and default kind of like, yeah, here you go. Bring us in some sandwiches and you can we'll give you like a five hour commercial. We'll have one hour spill over on an eel show. Remember that? And then when we finally said because of the fact that there were other people who were like buying spots, you know like food type people. And we finally said well, you know, maybe if you'd spend some money on a show, maybe then we wouldn't be so offended that intended to take your sandwiches and stuff. You know, all they do stuff pretty well. That's sandwiches. We've good stuff. But anyway, I do like stuff sandwiches. Remember feed always you mentioned that the other day. Yeah. That stuff pizza. That's good. That's good. That's good. Big Sam started to get hungry again. Now this is bad. I was the farthest thing from my mind was food. And again, you're planning the seed. In fact, let's blame Chris the fact so for because he's the one I was talking about the Paul Amen and I got off on his default thing. Also, what says here is QMP. I've been no quick to do the hang show. I have no idea. What does surprise me? Probably. They probably pay all these like Lee Corso. They probably pay him a few bucks to do a Mosho every week. I would think so. I know they paid a jacks. All those jacks that come in are his doll fan players and etc. They get paid. That's the way. That's the way. Like about three four years to get the cash. But anyway, getting back to the thing with default and I were in Scott. I mean, we like I wrote. Let's say him off to the side, okay? Because he's kind of a goofy guy in the first place. But he's a good guy. But Scott is a regular pain in the ass. I had actually blocked out of my mind. All of that stuff about everything good. Everything good? All of a sudden. Remember that business? Sure. You know, just bring the food and put the trade on to get out of here. Scott, okay. We appreciate it. Let's do it. Let's the chum up. We don't mind giving you nice plug once in a while. And so what they did is there was some holiday there. I figured which one was. And they bought about two spots. Remember that was supposed to pacify us. They bought two spots. I think it was a super bowl weekend. Yeah, something like that. I'll get your super bowl party platter for a later city. Something's another one. And they got great stuff. I'm not putting them down. Okay. That great stuff. And I was a good guy. But Scott. Something about him. Maybe it's cause he's an asshole. That might be it that disturbed me a little bit. Just a little bit too pushy. You know, that kind of stereotypical. Do we, uh, New York pushy thing, you know? No, I don't know. Plus he's an asshole. That could be part of it too. I don't know. That's why. That's the default story. We wish him all the best in the world. I'm very sound vacation. I hope him and his, uh, Debbie. I hope that they earned their thing out. But that's one of the strangest relationships. You know? Yeah, I can't talk. No, no, seriously. I mean, uh, yeah. It's like on again and off again and off again and off again and on again and they have like one of those sessions. Whatever. Good luck to you, default. Okay. You'll need it. That's what happens when you work for Greg Reed. Sooner or later, everybody gets it up the old. That comes sooner or later. You know, just like poor George sitting there, mind in his own business, reading other people's email. I mean, just mind in his own business. And here we had a fight for two months to keep his goddamn job. And then you think after that, after I fight like crazy, throw us at least, throw us a good number there in the summer book. Did you do it? No, I gave us crap. Give us a squat. Let us hold in the sack. Not bad enough. We had a follow-up show at Ospoint's there in a morning. I mean, get serious. No, no, no, no. It just Ospoint's. Now you did okay. Week, but okay. A rabbit earred sex toys been recalled by Anne Summers out of concern it would cause injury to an unsuspecting user. The British lingerie and sex toys said a chain said a batch of about 150,000 of the top selling rampet rabbit vibrators. We're found to have the effective seals that might allow the spillage of tiny beads contained in the shaft. Oh, that would be uncomfortable if you had tiny beads in your shaft. You know that? You said batch. The fur more than newspaper I said, what? It says it in this story. It said a batch of 150,000. Don't start with your run and run, Safa Morick. That's what it'll do. That's what it'll do. That's what it'll do. I don't care who invented it. It blows. The fur more than a newspaper I did today on a swapset aside was recalling those vibrators. So between man's September of this year in the interest of public safety. It's a precaution to chances of anything going wrong is actually miniscule and some are spokeswoman. Rebecca Franklin told Reuters. She said the company checked it's not after a customer or cessie was unhappy with a quality of the seven inch device which contains pearly colored beads and is topped with two attachments resembling rabbit ears. The rampant rabbit has been flying off storage shelves since the character praised it on the US TV series Sex and the City. Do you watch that show? Yes. You do? Yes, I do. It's good most of the time. Not all of the time. And they should have your rampant rabbit ears or what? No, I have a different model. I'll call up fire and summer maybe she's going for it. I've got some sunny beers. Oh god. But don't forget what Steve Nichol said. She's got a great... Yes. And I got a message for our ex program director Steve Nichol. Back to you. Back to you. Anyway, get in back to some important stuff. I don't have time for this right. I don't want to start one and then interrupt myself again. Bedtime stories interrupt us. I don't want to do that. No, that's not good. We want continuity. Yeah, we want continuity here. I got some long crap. Maybe I can find a short one. Short one. Not bad. Not bad. I don't have to look far to find a short one. Archbishop offers his resignation. This is short and sweet. And it has nothing to do with anything because it's in Buenos Aires. We're the men or men and so are the women. Or is it the other way around? And Argentine beer. That's not that's in Brazil. Right? Right. Not Argentina. There are a lot of there aren't there aren't there. No. But you're a much-o-man. Right. And Argentine Archbishop offers his resignation to the Vatican yesterday following accusations that he sexually abused members of his seminary church officials be Sam. News reports published in August accused Archbishop Ed Gardos, Storney, 66 of sexually abusing at least 47 men at a seminary located in Santa Fe, 210 miles northeast of Buenos Aires. That's not Santa Fe in New Mexico. Storney has been the bishop Archbishop there since 1984. In fact, most of our ins probably don't even know that Santa Fe is in New Mexico. So why do I have to do this? And a prepared statement right at journalists, Storney said that my renunciation in a way signifies guilt on my part. Nor does it mean I accept the allegations. God is my judge he said. Is this judge and I find him guilty? Seminary officials had the Vatican will decide whether to accept Storney's resignation. That's probably they'll have to wait and deliberate because it's bad for business. Oh yeah. Bad for business. They don't look too good. Although they don't have to worry because the media they're doing a wonderful job of just just sucking right off to the bushyes and doing a great job of other than a few shows on a year like what does his name Bill Preston be cannon. I never thought this day would come that actually be praising Papyukan. They move swiftly. The Senate has it and they need to act as well. It's good for American workers. Yeah. Your bad for American workers. Okay George, you're bad. You and your whole family. You're bad, bad, bad on your oil buddies in those Saudis. That's what we had to be doing is bomb on the Saudi. God damn it. 1127 at 5. 16 WCM almost did the wrong spot. Talk to that. I would want to do that. Of course. And this is really making a difference at this point. You know when you come right down to it. No. Because you know we've got two very important program director and operations manager and program director types there. We've got two. And either one of them can get a crap done. Either one of them. They're both as useless as tits on a pencil. Okay. Don't take it personal luck but it happens to be true. I mean, what do you guys have done for me on his copy? I would wish on Heinrich Hymmer and Donald Rumswell and John Ascroft. And this one. The vast majority of our fellow citizens care deeply about employees. Yeah. He's there still anybody out there who's not playing at VIPsforcebook.com. Not punching their heart or in cash there. Well, then you ought to begin with it. You hear a lot of ads these days for other sports. But you've got to do some research before you plunk down your heart and cash. At some unstable bizarre third world sportsbook like in Argentina somewhere. Let's help you out. VIPsforcebook.com is the only book to be unanimously endorsed by the industry watch stars. They're Dutch based in our real country man. And one of the first online sports books. So if you want to go on a roll of a lifetime at the time, you've got to be with the best sports book in the world of that's VIPsforcebook.com. And of course with football season in full swing now. And the Patriots are playing in San Diego. Is that correct? That's why it's a four o'clock game today. I've Sunday. Yes. Yes. That Carlos man for a guy that was the other day of football. He wouldn't do it though. I'll pick him up if they squeeze one up his little butt. Thank you. You're welcome. Hey, listen, you might enjoy it. You know, go and see your other friend Carlos. He might give you some skin. I don't want to say we're real. The football season is in full force. You need to be with the best VIPsforcebook.com. I can lose you money the good way. Open an account online and get a 15% cash on a bonus. And of course, don't forget to get the highest party odds anywhere is up to 2001. Get your ass over to VIPs, your little ass over to VIPsforcebook.com and play to book with some serious class rhymes with ass. That phone number toll free is 1 866 VIP bets. That's 1 866 VIP, BETS. Get yourself onto a VIPsforcebook.com online. And then you earn that 15% cash bonus. VIPsforcebook.com or you and your little ass. Be the VIP. I'm here. Sports for the O56. Do you weigh him? Hey, it's Howard. Howard David. No, I recognize it in Sudan who's saying's mistress. Our school lamb sauce. First off, let me say that I meant a shot on her phone online. He wasn't the MVBL chatroom. That's very big kid. But looking. Here's something to me that I am. That says A S L. That's A S X location. I come to find out later. We had much to have in the common. We must like the moonlit walks. The white peach flowered a broccoli. And musical growth the widows. Next thing I know, I'm in the bag that mesh western, laying in a pile of pillows. I thought I was in for a night of the filthy love. But he could not have salute. I tried to everything, but it was still a no go for lunch. They happy as they have his life. Second only to when he got his TV seen in the car of his assault and perpetrators in the middle was one day invented by Agara. These have never been the same. We do it like they do it under the scablery channel. I was not in it much like sleeping with a dirt. Neither are from the bookie nights movie. He made me dress like Baba Abuse with a white wig and all. And where you can imagine the rest of the story. Like the foul Harvey says. Let's just say that was butter involved. And when I walk you can hear the ocean. Now what the hell am I getting all these? Oh you're actually accidentally did? What? I accidentally I hate that. I accidentally hit the print icon up there. Oh damn it. And I'm getting 80 minutes. At least I see at least with me. I recycle the paper because I'm paying for it. I don't miss out on anything with my facts paper. There's like 422 pages. And then only one's got anything on it. Let's say God damn our pool. At least I got a right in front of me here. Nice and clean. If you had a chance to be cast your 2000 vote for president today. If we had another election today, what would you do? He says go out and you're one of those rabbit B dolls. Uh, things. One of those double-headed Dillbos. Do you think the sister jeans got one of those? One. Anyway, I vote the same as I did for Gore 1991. I'd vote the same for Bush 69. So those people are like, you know, I don't want to say I'm just sticking over on the side. I did vote in 2004. The out of 359. 11% 11% you people can have made a difference. Okay. I voted for Gore but now I vote for Bush 32. I'm still very dubious about that. I voted for Bush but now I vote for Gore 9. I vote the same for Nader 9. How's said? I voted for Nader but now I vote for Gore 5. I voted for Nader but now I vote for Bush 3. I voted for Buchanan but I wanted to vote for Gore. Now we got one. How do you like that? We got one. All right. Well, let's say we called the woman to call me on election day that day in 2000. That awful day. She wasn't an old lady. She was just a failed. And she was just a frantic hysterical saying, All myself and a whole bunch of my friends were all up in arms because the balance all confusing up here in Palm Beach and we all went to vote for Gore but we are a fear we might have voted for Pat Buchanan. And of course back then that was the ugly fascistic morrow of Malignant. Pat Buchanan is supposed to be in the good guy now. I wouldn't say he's a good guy but he certainly has mellowed. And I'll say again it's a damn good show and I must be see between two and four. Press and Buchanan. Watch it. Barbershop, Bruha, Ha, Ha. Jesse Jackson says he's pleased that this son of a bitch man is guy. Just can't stop. Open up a big push. Let's see. He's making his money. Steering up trouble. That's all he does. Exploding other people's misery and stirring the pot. Unlike Lawrence Thomas released with smart enough to smoke it. This guy just stirring it. Jesse Jackson says he's pleased the producers of Barbershop have apologized for the films, Barbies about Rosa Parks, Martin Luther Coo and Junior and others. But still wants the jokes cut from the future DVD and video additions of the hit movie. They produce his Bob title and title and George Tom until the APS today. They had apologized to Jackson and we have everyone with the film. I certainly didn't mean to offend anyone until then said. But Jackson said they must go further. Move those scenes from the video DVD and cable versions. And by the way, I should point out that as of late last night when I watched the news. The answer was, oh, no. We're not doing that. We're not taking anything. The DVD and the cable versions will be exactly what you saw in the movie theaters. Okay. Good. And I think these people made a big bad mistake by apologizing for anything. It's a comedy. Barbershop, the number one film had last to which has been a surprise box office hit. It stars rapper actor Ice Cube is the inherited of a barber shop in Chicago, Southside. Seed with the entertainment plays an old can take with Barbara who jokes about King's alleged of the promiscuity. The character also says that the blast refused to give up their seats to wife and the segregated South, but that Rosa Parks got the credit because she would connect into the NAACP. He also directs an explot of a Jackson. Good for him. The character is immediately condemned by others in the barber shop for being disrespectful. The producers and writers we wanted one individual in the shop saying something funny, and we wanted everyone to disagree with that person until an explain. However, Jackson said he had spoken to King's widow, Karate Scott's King, and son Martin Luther Cooln III, as well as the Parks family and the civil rights leaders, and they feel highly insulted by the jokes. Well, you know what? Top Titty. That's what I say to them. Top Titty. Lighten up. Several shades. And you know the sad part of it is you know his son Jesse Jackson, the third or whatever his name is Junior? No. He's a congressman from Illinois. Okay. He's brilliant. He's a good guy. Well, that's something. He is. You never saw him on a the cock and head shows? No, never. He was on with your buddy Downey who did the night. Then he was articulate and he was brilliant and he was right on target and he was forceful and full was going, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah. Like that. I feel bad for Phil. But I want you all on yesterday. Now what's just popped up on here? What were did that come from? What did you talk about? There's the new cover of Voka Brian's a CD. Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah. Voka Brian, restitution and mobots. That's great. That's beauty. Nice compromise. All I can say is. Right. That's it. Now get with it. Get that thing going. Okay. Crank those babies up. We'll settle at least 20 or 30. Our muckamma doesn't come up on mine. I don't know. I got the broken image here. I got the whole thing, man. It's a beauty. It's a president and the kind of lesa. Give me each other a big smooch on the cheek. And kind of lesa's got that look. Her eyes closed. He's got that arousal look on her post. Kind of lesa. Maybe she's thinking about all the oil. They're going to get for a friend's at Chevron once we invade Iraq and take it for the oil fields. That must be it. She's got a look up pure ecstasy. Can I say that? No. Uh, enjoyment on her face. Can't say ecstasy. Nope. Can all those rope wingers all been on the shape again. Get the DEA on your ass again. George, we don't want that. Was bad enough we had those chanker retreat. A cutters down near Citrus tree. They came after you. That'll be bad enough. But if the DEA comes after you asked them, then we can't help you no more. So how long is that going to stay there? By, well, that's okay. Are we smith can my results in the pool? It's a pool. We're not going to get in that group result anyway. Okay. We got too many game players, too many dickheads out there, too many low-life No-life assholes who want to dick with the pool. That's all. Dick with a pool. Dick with a pool. That's their whole life. That's what the hell's pool. Okay. You know, there's never been a better time to buy a new home or refinance or existing home. How about this? How about a rate of 3.95%. That's right. Financial group can offer you an unprecedented 3.95% by picking up the pool and calling them. This pool free number. 1-800-940-land, L-E-N-D. You need to call them or call Todd Reckett home. We'll be given some information about him and Davey in a little while. That's 1-800-9405363. The money you're going to save is incredible. Think about it. You can get $100,000 alone for only $450,000. Or get you $200,000 alone for only $150,000. The process is simple and you save yourself a crap load of money. Thousands of dollars this year and every year. Just pick up the phone and call the folks at financial group at 1-800-940-land. There's never been a better time to get yourself a low interest rate. So, call financial group and you'll be on your way to big fat savings. Financial group is an equal housing lender. Greater restrictions do apply and rates of sub-due change. Of column right now, toll-free, 1-800-940-L-E-N-D. That's 1-800-9405363. I am low. This is sports-winning advice. You way am. Hey, tell you something, pal. Long-weech states at girls' school. Oh! I am Ben. I'm Larry for thin and Larry's honey roast. It's not. And there's nothing better than our nuts roasted honey. Don't open Ben. To kid her. You know what I hate? What's that, Larry? Does tiny little bags of nuts when you're on the plane? Me too. That's why we have big nuts that. You said it. You could even say our nuts are more than a fistful. I could, but I won't. But I will say our nuts are a must for any party or get together. Or just for a snack at home or while you're at the bar. Everyone at work will want to get their hands on our nuts. That's right. So the next time you're out shopping, pick up some of Fennon Larry's honey roasted nuts. Wouldn't you just love our nuts in your mouth right now? What? What? 545 and 560 WKM. I do like honey roasted nuts as a matter of fact. Yeah, they go to honey roasted almonds, especially. Oh yeah, but they're loaded with sugar. Get the honey sugar. It's all they got. I mean, you know, see it's what anything. You could even, that's why they had like chocolate covered the ants. You know they do. I'm not making it up. They have chocolate. I don't know. I don't know. It reminds me of that horrible meal at the Chinese meal like remember. Grosol over town when he was up here. Right. Right. And the Turkish did that nasty, ready Chinese restaurant there because the one he was going to was closed. And we get, and everything else on the table was crap. We were like about a half a dozen on praise. By the way, guess who you think paid for the meal? Yeah, good. And the, what the hell kind of beef was it? What did I tell you? The crispy beef. Okay. Have you ever had that? No. And the reason that taste so good is because it's, they use brown sugar. They like caramelized it and brown sugar. That'll make anything good. Oh, it was delicious. Crispy and sweet. And I come back here. My blood sugar was like the machine just said, Tilt. It said, jump right out the window. So I don't know what's I thinking for more that or midchurch. It's a tough, it's a tough battle. And the meal was cheaper than midchurch. Thanks, Rima. And by the way, the leaf suck. It's a little bit more than 40, six and five, 60, WM, we got Jim Madd. He's going to be doing two hours of hockey talk today between 103. In fact, the rumor I'm hearing is that Madd dogs going to be doing a hockey show with a Rima. Oh. Wouldn't that be great? Yeah, would be wonderful. In fact, if they did that or want to clock, you could stick around maybe the Rima will bring in some lunch since you were missing out on that great food from Scott and Ira. Or did you miss out on purpose? Well, I didn't, you know, they brought it in for the morning show. Oh, I didn't want to interfere with the morning show as food arrangement there. Oh, god. Now, we don't want to cross paths with them too much. And of course, guilty who used to be our friend and is only there because of my, because of the fact that I'm an old softy. You notice how he's turned? No. Turn like a rat. See Monday is going to be a big day here at QM because Monday when the beast comes back. And we find out through real story about how come he's no longer producing that morning show. That's going to be pretty interesting stuff. Not as interesting as finding out about somebody's wife with a jet's cap and a stance at the dolphin jet's ski on Sunday or about the fact that somebody allegedly has painted his vercos veins green and white, but nevertheless pretty damn entertaining. As he seeks to boast, now this is by Dana Milbank and Washington Post. As he seeks to boast from public and candidates in the midterm elections, President Bush's increasing his emphasis on terrorism and national security, shredding his previous determination to demonstrate his concern about the flagging economy. That's with an L. Four times in a past two days Bush has suggested that Democrats don't care about national security, on Monday that the Democratic controlled Senate is not interested in the security of the American people. His remarks intensifying a Thiemian-Venus last month were quickly seconded and disseminated by House Majority Whip, right wing Lutin, tick-time delay. At a fundraiser for GOP House candidate Adam Taff and Kansas City Monday, Vice President Cheney said security would be bolstered if Taff were to defeat representative Dennis Moore in Democratic Kansas, Taney talks about Iraqi congressional fundraiser electing Taff were to head line in the Topicard Capital Journal. Such rhetoric represents something of a shift for the administration when it remarked signs of the economy stumbling in the summer for spoke daily about the economy's health and administrators' concern. In recent days, already proportioned Bush's stump speech devoted to domestic concerns has looked from a while of 50 percent to about 20 percent. The shift has come despite a flood of grim new economic statistics markets up by the way today so far. The Dow Jones and Desk Relavage Tuesday felt a with slowest level in four years and then as that composite in next today's six year low as consumer confidence and corporate earnings have slipped. When Bush kicked off as effortless month of bill support for Iraq campaign, his eights angrily dismissed accusations that they had a political motive, saying that the timing to must before the November 5 election was coincidental. But his Bush continues his record setting in a fundraising effort, he has shown an eagerness to discuss the topic in political venues as poll showed the effort as aiding Republican candidates. The anxiety has spread to the Democratic caucus, we have a crashing Dow Jones index, economic indicators that continue to depress people in Illinois and across America and the White House does not even want to talk about this, said Senator Dick Durban of Illinois, this is not something the president will even take time out of fundraising for it to address. To drive home this point, Senator Majority with Perry Reed, Democrat and Nevada Pence to call on a White House to detail how much taxpayer money is being spent to underwrite his campaign travel. The White House says the GOP tactics are proper. The voters will make the judgeman said White House press secretary minister of information are re-flicer. I don't think anybody has the right to tell the country it shouldn't consider either parties views on more in peace. Flicer said Bush's economic agenda is fraught in the center pointing out that he'll deliver speech on corporate accountability. Was he already delivered this to the little while ago? Did you hear what he said? No. I headed on the air he said. Good morning. That was about it. Two days, two point four percent decline in the Dow Jones industrials. These four triple did you lost in success and brought the average back to its four year low reach in July. But while Bush spent much of July demonstrating his concern about the economy, he didn't mention the falling markets until yesterday and until I was doing question and answer session with his cabinet. Bush said he was optimistic about the economy using the word six times and says as administration and heritage of recession and falling stock market from the Clinton administration. Yeah, sure. Right. Well, and then of course, Tom Daxel, which it was just blind luck again yesterday. You notice I was just a lucky enough to open up the pot. Right. When he went through his Impassion squeaky hysteria. And a stinging cell vote delivered on the Senate floor. Senate majority leader Tom Daxel last out at President Bush yesterday saying his administration was exploiting the possibility of war with the rack for political gain and had imputes and Democrats in the process. Absolutely correct. Daxel read through a litany of comments from administration and GOP figures about a rack including one from Bush who was quoted by the Washington Post Wednesday as saying, The Democratic-controlled Senate was not interested in the security of the American people. Not interested in the security of the American people. The National said, you tell Senator in a way he's not interested in the security of the American people. You tell those who thought it would be a nomin and the W. They're not interested in the security of the American people. This is outrageous. Outrages. Outrages. The President of a apologize. Daniel, in a way, is the Democratic Senator from Hawaii, will also ask the Zarm in W. W. But Bush's comments have laid about Senate Democrats and National Security of coming the context of the fight over legislation for the American people. Over legislation for the proposed Department of Homeland Security. The Bush comment about the Senate not being interested in National Security came in the campaign of a Monday New Jersey, and the President was talking about legislation, not a rack. Senate minority leader, Trent Lotter, Republican Mississippi suggested that Daxel was overreacting. I think that Tom Daxel needs to cool the rhetoric lot to reporters as he was waving his palm palms and work lovely doing it by the way. We've got a lot of work to do. We need to do it in a bipartisan way. Actions, accusations of that type are not helpful. National, however, said in his four speech that several Republican figures have made comments that have led them to conclude the administration was politicizing the rack debate. He said it a GOP pollster who said that a war is an issue could benefit Republicans in the incoming midterm elections. He referenced Vice President Chen Yusufu, who spoke about a rack-walking campaigning for that Republican candidate in Kansas on Monday, which we just referenced the only moments ago. How do you like that? And the public is buying it, baby. We're buying it. Hook line and sticker. They're sucking it up. Yeah, because they're dumber than goddamn sodas. Just take a look at our poll if you don't believe me. We like dumb. Big, big, big, the. The don't send just because he's from Texas. Don't stand for Dallas. Big, the means dumb and dangerous and devious. Anything else? Dullard? Dullard. Now the old, Sal Gore. See, I blame the Democrats. I'll say to get I blame Jewelie Breman. He had no business being on there. There's no Southern Yahoo. It was going to hold for Jewelie Breman. Just like there wasn't going to be no sparks. You're voting for Bill McBride in the primary against Jan Arrino. Some Yahoo from Tampa. But now in the general election coming over in number five, those good forces are going to be out there and record numbers. In fact, they're working on making some new babies right now. Right as I speak, they're reproducing like rabbits even more so than usual. Just so they can take them chillins. You know, so they look a little bit young. They're old enough to vote. They're 18. Ain't they? Well, we could give them some of those fake IDs that the travelers always have the Irish writers. Right. Give them some of the fake IDs from the two good people. The two good and the deadly two good. Do right. Iraq dossier doesn't commence critics as CBS News.com. Prime Minister Tony Blair's warning about Iraq's alleged weapons and mass destruction appeared to win little support outside Washington with France and China expressing skepticism. For weeks talks about a possibility West Lord war against Iraq had created widespread interest about Blair's long-promised dossier or that dossier as Phil Donahue says about Santa Hussein's chemical and biological arsenal. In it and his speech was special session of the House on Commons yesterday, which we had a little bit on his show. I bet you we still got a little bit of that on here, you know what? You think there's still some on this tape? Give it a shot. Let's find out. Hey Tony, hey Pasad Tony. It is clear. Both the significant number of longer-range missiles were effectively concealed from the previous incident. Get out here, Tony. How to speak English. OK, Tony. Man, what a goofball. In a speech delivery yesterday, Blair said the stockpile is not only growing, but that's not a misprepared to use such weapons as mass destruction quickly. Intelligence dossier also said Iraq has taken steps to develop nuclear weapons. Blair, President Bush's top ally, said he wants to end weapons inspectors allow back into Iraq with no limits on their movements. He also supported the US School of A regime change in Baghdad, given how often the bottom is defied the world bodies requirements regarding his weapons since losing the Gulf of war. Britain and US are two of the five permanent veto-wheeling members of the UN Security Council, and they've been trying to win a support of the other three, China, France, and Russia for a new resolution threatening Iraq for its continued defiance. But the French and Chink leaders both sounded skeptical about Blair's speech and the dossier in comments they made while attending a summit of European and Asian leaders in Denmark. French president Jacques Churri, have you ever been to Denmark? No, it's great. Copenhagen? No. Why not? Better cross the pond. First, I know that. First president Jacques Churri, said it were ever been in Italy. First president Jacques Churri, said it were with the wreckage still of order bombs. I'm just trying to point out the fact that they don't pay you any God, they're money, they teach you like garbage, they try to get you fired, we had to get put through all of that bull crap. And by the way, that's the last time we're playing that dog in ponies show in the morning this morning. Oh, he needed an extra time for after the rejo...so he could just get in Jack Thompson's name on it. Like we give a crap about that. You need help, Moe. You know what I'm saying? You need some very serious assistance. And those numbers prove it. Can't complain about his numbers, you don't have any. First president Jacques Churri said it were with the wreckage still of order bombs. If the UN Security Council is given a primary role in the crisis, Shorak reiterated there was no need for a proposed security council resolution threatening war. If Sodom keeps you in terms of inspectors out. This is not the view of France said Shorak adding that the only inspectors can rob the needed proof about Sodom's weapons. I don't think that war is unavoidable at all. China's Prime Minister Zoo Ranji warned that any attack against the wreck without UN blessing will lead to severe consequences. Kimon. Kimon. What? What's that name again? ZHU Zoo Ranji, our ONG and J.I. How else would you say? Joranji? Kimonji? The... Joranji warned. Calling for UN mandate in the crisis. Joranji said we request that Iraq comply with UN resolutions for not any preconditions. Blair faces stiff opposition in his own labor party who was tough talk on Iraq. And you can tell this is from CBS News.com because they spell labor LABOR. Shame on you. Dan, rather who made a little sub-Yeah, who's very apologetic last night. Did you watch the evening news? No. Because he said that IBM was being investigated the night before and it was really zerox. And he pointed out last night it was my mistake. I was responsible. I deeply regretted. I'm an asshole. And then he moved on. I slaughtered Dan. He takes a big man to stand up for screwing up big time. And he did. He takes a big man to write a nice piece of copy so we can do a good job for our clients. Of course we don't have such people. In fact, I don't think I even have the... I think I may have smith can to, you know what? Oh no. I... Oh, here it is. Damn it. I was right on the verge. It was like on the tip of my tongue to say scratch it out. I got news for any. It doesn't do any good. He doesn't care about the guy in... What was the guy's name? Mike and Mark. What was that thing? Oh, he's... Maybe he's not listening. Steve and Davey? Yeah, we got the goods here. Todd Drecco, okay? We got the goods. And in small, King's horses, all the King's men won't make him write copy again. That's just the way it is. He won't do it. Because he's a butt plug because he's lazy because he's useless. Because he don't know how to do it. We got a bunch of order takers who take a sheet of paper from some agency somewhere. Like a colleague in deal. And that's it. That's the extent of their work. And at the meantime, there's a hanging out at Steve's house in Davy. By now, you've probably heard the incredible earning potential of computer professionals in about the incredible, the amazing, the unbelievable demand for certified computer professionals. Unbelievable. It is. You've also just talked about the great people of Fastrain. You've heard this and you've heard that and it's been here and have you heard? Have you heard the Todd Drecco as an asshole? Have you heard that? Get some new lines, Todd. Put something new in there, okay? Do yourself a favor and pick up the protocol Fastrain tool free at 866 Fastrain. You can complete your program and get certified in just four short months and be on your way to a new high paying career. They've got four, oh, see, I'd like to know those four locations. When you, when you like to know besides pepper pines and new one in Kendall, where those other two hours and like some kind of a mystery, is that a goddamn secret? Yes. And Fastrain's got convenient to evening. We can classes to be scheduled to. They've also got a full time job placement department with over 30 years experience. Maybe they're so good. They can get Todd a job outside of our building. So don't wait. Pick up the phone and call the people at Fastrain and we apologize to them for having to put up with him. Call 1-866 Fastrain. That's 1-866 Fastrain or check them out on the web if you like it. Fastrain.com. We're now at the Wondner Club hour. Welcome back to the quickering pageantry of the Mohawana Dayman show. We have a full bucket today. That included McAvoy K.D. The most secure at the league. It's a views. You know that pipes muckers still at it. What? What? What? Sing into the songs. They make fun of you all the time. I don't know. Why they don't adore you. Yeah, they're everything. They'll be all right, bro. It's a hint of me, a fairy. You queer? Yeah, Tom Chumpa. Real men don't touch. Only during the game. Just missed. They want singing. I'll give them singing. Get on a piano. Over there. Okay, ma'am. Now hit it. Back in my day men was straight. The UK is with today. That's why I hit the dollar rate. Please go to the UK. For it all were in pain back then. Stop it, you moron. What's the matter, ma'am? My wing fell off, I guess. Okay. All right, where were we? Spawn holes were in pain after. Well, I'll take it from here. A guy's that like the worship men. Clicking we won't sing. We won't sing. We'll win no way, they're not in my jam. Didn't mean to suit frost-daves. Or to tickle hairy taves. Jesus Christ, I really hate Jesus God's win. God's win. I should mention by the way, Kelly didn't get the jigsme foul jump. Didn't get it. Damn it. Twelve. Four. Are you picking on jigs now? Who's jigs? Twelve. Four. Five. Sixty. W.A. Mancens. Didn't you invite me to get the jigsme foul jump? No. Don't go there. Oh, brother. I mean, Copa and I can't even invite, but Pontiac, forget about it. Do I, am I here in luck and echoed today or something? Sounds really good too. Sounds like we're in reverb like W-A-V-C. I don't hear. A man was sent to me in jail for biting off part of his neighbor's ear in a fight. John Everett, Barbara, for nine get into a brawl with an Averett and nine flashes. Carlisred, Barbara, to warn me was driving you radically. Or maybe his name is Barbara. I don't know. Barbara. It may be called in Barbara. During a fight, Barbara bit off a portion of his neighbor's left ear. This is so... This is so barbaric. Open County Assistant Prosecutor Kenneth E. Frazy said in court Tuesday. Many times people recover from stable and rather injuries or they're not visible. But everywhere he goes, people can see lost half his ear. He said it was barbaric. The 43-year-old victim was not an Averett and the five has had several surgeries. But doctors were unable to reattach the piece that was bitten off. Frazy said. Barbara, son, was also involved in the October fight. Barbara, if I was convicted of misdemeanor, and so I'll spend about a month of jail. Barbara was convicted of an Averett and a felony charge of me, him. Do you know that? Do I know that as me, and if you like chop-by-off a piece of somebody's ear, and I'm gonna legal term. How's that pull coming? I don't want to look at it. Do you know something to worst part of it is it might be legitimate. That's the worst part. Based on the pull numbers we see around a country. Huh? Nah, I'm not buying it. Oh. I'm not buying it. If you add a chance to recast your 2000 vote for President, for whom would you vote? What would you do? Huh? I vote the same for Gore, 2024. I vote the same for Bush, 79. I didn't vote in 2000, 49. The over 11%. You people could have made the difference. You could have changed the course of the future of the human race. God, don't you feel bad? No. Huh? I voted for Gore, but now I vote for Bush 41. I voted for Bush but now I vote for Gore, 15. I voted for Nader and I vote the same. 11. Uh-huh. I voted for Native and now I vote for Gore, six. I voted for Native and now I vote for Bush 3. I voted for McKinna but I wanted to vote for Gore 2. So we picked up 5. Uh, 20. So difference is 21. Which is old enough to drink. 21. You not buying it? No. Judge orders Boston Arts Dices to throw over abuse documents because they're not buying it either. A judge is ordered to the Boston Arts Dices to give lawyers representing alleged victims of the Reverend Paul Shanley documents regarding allegations of abuse by 85 priest lawyer said yesterday. The records include those. The Roman Catholic Arts Dices to earn over the attorney general's office earlier this year as well as any actions taken by the arts dices, including investigations said Jeffrey Newman and attorney for alleged Shanley victim Gregory Ford. Newman didn't know the identities of the priest 15 of whom are deceased but the existence of the documents was revealed earlier this year during the deposition of the Reverend Charles Higgins, the arts i. Asus and delegate for handling sexual abuse allegations against priests. Newman received suffraved superior court judge constant swenies order yesterday. My senses that were finally going to see some of the underside of the iceberg now Newman said. I believe that will be seen so far as a small fraction. Not only of the numbers of individuals that are molested but the extended these supervised redecision to essentially cover things up. And I think that's what these documents will show. How do you like that? Great. We've only seen the tip not even the tip the underside of the iceberg the SN. Informations on allegations against well priest including Shanley and the fraught priest and convicted chairman of John J. Gigan have already been released. In another development, Bristol district attorney Paul F. Walsh at his office but announced the indictment on sexual assault charges they priest formerly with the former river dices today. Prosecutors would not really sit at the end of the day and April Walsh's office announced it was investigating sexual misconduct allegations against 25 priest who served in the father of the dices. Some dating back to the 50s. Prosecutors said that the prosecuted cases would be difficult because the allegations are so old. Just like the father, this so old. Yeah. Second sexual abuse witness comes forward in a cannibal case. October 4th, the new Hannibal movie comes out. What's it called? Redragon. Redragon. And from what I heard in part of the movie he's dragging it. And it's red. Twenty three years after he murdered in cannibalized the teenage board prosecutor's trying to keep former teacher Albert Fentris behind bars tried yesterday. There's also the killer was also a pedophile. The facts show that Mr. Fentris had significant medal issues long before he booched victim Paul Masters argued Dutch's county prosecuted. Edward McLaughlin in the third day of a hearing on Fentris's future in riverhead. This is in the news day on Long Island. Fentris 61 was found innocent by reason of insanity in the August 20th, 1979 murder and mutilation of the 18 year old masters. Fentris a former pochipsy middle school teacher spent the last two decades in middle hospitals claims the illness behind the murderers gone and wants his freedom. Oh, went and doubt, let him out. But prosecutors who want Fentris moved to a more secure psychiatric facility and produced a pair of witnesses who say that the murderer sexually abused and proud of Master's murder. Fentris had testified under oath and previously saying that the murder team was his only sex abuse victim. Arguments over the surface of the second witness block Fentris from taking the stand again yesterday on Monday prosecutors called a man who penned that Fentris had sexually abused him in 79. One day later, a second man contacted prosecutors where they still had a storm at Glockland said. The man who still lives in Dutch's county said that he was 12 years old when Fentris sexually abused him between September 78, March 79. The second witness was expected to be testifying today. But at least he's not a priest. He's a former teacher. Got it. Not a catluck school, I hope. No. Are you picking on him catluck again? So hitting catluck bastard? Not a catluck. The hell you weren't. Weren't his right. Is your mother catluck? She's whatever. She's a bitch. Well, we can put her in there with the cannibal guy. I think it's a match made in heaven. Oh, please. America is speaking of catluck. There you go again. America, and this is what I referenced to the other day. I couldn't find the circus. It was way down to my pile. We finally worked our way down to it. America's Roman Catholic Bishops may receive a measure of Vatican's support for the new clerical church. The church's testimony was unfair to priests. The Vatican is laying toward accepting the bishops before him's on an experimental basis. A senior Vatican official said this week. The policy would not receive formal Vatican approval. Nor would it be a rejection said the officials spoke to the AP of course. On a condition of anonymity. He don't like him to trouble the Holy Father. In recent weeks, there have been a growing number of reports that the Holy Sea would reject the plan out right in burying U.S. Bishops as they struggle to restore credibility in their leadership. American Bishops said they were surprised by Monday's development and no new no de-a details of Vatican's plans. Church lawyers said the Holy Sea's approach likely would slow down the process of outstanding abusers from the priesthood, but not in shining the policy and church law for the U.S., Roman also avoids setting a precedent for the church and other nations. Top Vatican officials have been reviewing the plans since it was adopted at that June meeting of American's Bishops that Doug and Pony show, which followed a torn-off abuse claims and reports of prevalence covering them up. The Holy Sea is expected to wish its response to the policy October 10, 11, the official said, so you think the response will be no or sea. As in sea this? Probably give the old Botanicalos what they'll do. Just a big cover up, a big juicy cover up, and what are we worried about? Iraq. That's what we're concerned about. The population's population's but also civilian targets and they claim that hundreds of civilians were killed during these attacks. Top of BPPP, that's it. When it down, two and a mile, all these lunatics on TV, two and a mile, take a goddamn, take a sledgehammer and attack your TV with the right now, do it forcefully, okay? Rip it to shreds, the pieces, tear the guts out of it. Take the guy they elected court on the back, pull it out of the wall first please, and just slice it off. Do a goddamn John Wayne Bobodon it. I'm not shit, I'm a Tammy Fay. It's really interesting my old age. I'm turning to Tammy Fay and Pat Buchanan. The media is sick and he's not family. Never have four words been spoken only. We need help badly. We need a protection from them. You know, after shopping like I've been telling you for about 400 years on his show, they're hard way to do it, a smart way to do it, and a stupid way to do it. So let's just concentrate on the smart way. Just pick up the phone and call dial-makers at 1-800 mattress. You'll be immediately connected to somebody who knows their crap inside and out. That's all he sells mattresses. They're not working in some department store in one department one day, selling refrigerators one day and do those the next day, forget about that. They're selling only mattresses and the best in the world name brand mattresses like Surtha, Celi, Simmons of King Coral. And when you do business with dial-makers, delivery is a piece of cake because you picked it in the tour, went afford to live where when it's convenient for you. Any day, seven days a week and they'll be there. That's the amazing part. They actually show up. They take away the crappy old bedding. They set up your brand new stupendous mattress, which they'll give you an exceptionally unbeatable everyday price. And they also give you that 30 day in home covered guarantee. So after sleeping on it for up to a month, if you don't love it, if you're not getting a great night sleep night after night after night after night, if you're not getting late like three, four times a day, then I return it. No problem at all. Call dial-makers right now, tool free. They'll be knocking on your little door and no time at all. Call 1-800 mattress. 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S, or check them out on the web if you prefer at mattress.com. And look, this is for 23-05-16. Wait, who am? Let's go, let's get started, G-D? Interrupt this program for Al Gore and the 10 items are less check out line at the supermarket. Let's say, eggs are eight, yogurt makes it nine, and I'm still one item short. I don't grab this cup of natural inquire as an impulse purchase. Hi, how are you? Paper plastic, sir. Paper or plastic, you know that is a great, great question, as you know, papers made from trees, which we don't want to cut down, but on the other hand, plastics are non-buy of the gratable, which are bad for the environment as well. And one moment, Bell, I want to get out of here sometime this year. I'll do my best, Mr. Schoffer, as I was saying, when you use paper, it should always be recycled. Because this way, we preserve our precious natural resources for our children and our children, children, because we want to go ahead to the future and not back to the past or go ahead to the past and our features behind us. We always want to be looking ahead to the past and not back to a future that's behind us. Is this going to be gas or credit, sir? Again, another great, great question. Cash is made from paper, which comes from trees, as you know, checks are also made from paper, up credit cards, plastic there, and you've been listening to Al Gore in the 10 items or less checkout line, it's a supermarket. We now return you to your regularly scheduled program already in progress. Thank you, 2018 is 560 WQM, we got the World Famous Mad Dog Jim Managed Show at 1 o'clock, Hank Goldberg at 3, Hank W. B. No, between 5 and 6 would what is just one of the most notoriously bad hours mystery radio. B. No cook, but it kills a good hour for the Humper and we don't begrudge him. Maul and stuff at 630, one of the last games of the season, thank the Lord, Eddie K. after the baseball game in Joy Mark overnight. Team A, we do his risk of cancer heart disease, you drink tea sometimes. I think I don't understand this, and of course these stories every week or two, there's another story about, well, tomato sauce, tomato products help avoid the prostate cancer, especially it's got to be heated though, and every week there's another story about if you do this new to that, you're going to live forever, I guess. But I'll do the story, but I'm not really sure, or maybe I'm missing in here, okay? Like iced tea, does that help? Is that any good? No, it's an option. Well, the son of the son of the son, suppose to believe you, because you said it's an option, I mean, I love iced tea, I'd like tea, I'd drink it all the time. I like diet Pepsi. I like caffeine-free, I'd like Coke, I'm drinking it right now, and I like caffeine-free, I'd like Pepsi even better, but I can't, I can't slip it all my way from that other story, I don't say. I drink it, I'm caffeine-free, also. I just switch. Oh yeah, that caffeine will care you, but you can't sleep when you take all that caffeine. Well, I can't sleep first of all, most of the fact it's bad for you, right? And Dr. Hempth, what ever a name is, she told me it's also bad for my, my local vocal cord, and said, bad for your thing, I heard. Huh? I had no idea. Well, there you go. Sala Nevenin says, adding that drinking tea could prevent cell damage that leads to cancer heart disease and perhaps other ill scientists said this week. It may be soon time to add tea to the list of fruits and vegetables that experts urge Americans to weed as often as possible to reduce their risk of the disease. Researchers told a meeting sponsored by the U.S. Department of Agriculture, the Tea Council and the American Cancer Society of the other groups. You see where I get a little bit nervous when we get to the Tea Council? There's a Tea Council, like the Tea Council and the Milk Council Council. It's one thing to be talking about the goddamn Tea Party, but we're talking about the Tea Council. In some respects, it's good news to think of it as time-food, Jeffrey Blumberg, a nutrition-tuffs university and Boston told a new conference. The first said tea is loaded with phytochemicals, a wide range of molecules that connect as antioxidants. Such compounds cut or acted damage done to DNA cells by free radicals, charged particles produced by sunlight, chemicals, many foods, and simply the stress of day-to-day living and working for Greg Reed. And having people try to fire your ass. Damaged DNAs, the first step to cancer is also associated with heart disease. Oh, vitamin-searchs, ANC or antioxidants, but so are compounds such as catechins found in tea. What does that? Catechins? It's taken about 30 years to fully interpret. And you know, who's always drinking? Remember, the Pope who died? What was his name? Pope John? John? Put no, Pope Paul. What was his name? Pope Paul 23. He had a cup of tea and all of a sudden he was dead. Coinsa? Maybe it's not so good for. Maybe the tea castle didn't hear about it in Italy. It's taken about 30 years to fully appreciate the importance of these convertors, Bloomberg, said who asked us and advised us about the USDA and the tea council. Ah, this guy's from Tufts University. You might as well be that Dr. Frederick Stair from Harvard, who's another nutritional crack in a phony. The USDA reported on a study suggesting that tea drinking can also be reduced to risk heart disease by lower cholesterol. We gave him a pebb that they did this study for three weeks. In Maryland at the Bellsville Human and Fulfill Human and Frician Research Center. That's in Bellsville, Maryland. You have houses in Bellsville, Maryland? No. Arbitron. Oh, that's right. How come one of those people out there drinking their tea? They filled out their diaries. I sure hope they remembered. Anyway, we gave them a beverage at Mimic Tea. Water flavor like tea said for a second. We've prepared the same volunteers. Got five cups of tea that they did rank. We found that their blood lipids when they drank tea completely placebo beverage had up to 10% lowering of low density lipyl protein to bad cholesterol. LDL. Overall total cholesterol was lower 6% average over three weeks as team found. There was no effect on good cholesterol HDL stayed the same. Dr. I'm in Hakim of the University of Arizona in the Arizona Cancer Center. Test 140 smokers to see if drinking tea could affect levels of chemicals associated with DNA damage. They chose to look at a chemical called 80HDG. Oh, I'm sure you've heard that. Oh, yeah. It's found in Nairun and linked to the damage of DNA in the cells that find it in urine. They were asked to eat whatever they were eating and just had tea to their diet. She said for four months volunteers drank either green tea, black tea or water. Hakim's team tested their urine for levels of 80HDG. What we found was a 25% decrease in the green tea group. Green tea. See, we're finally getting to the answer. My god, the question. Green tea. No changes were seen in the people who drank black tea or water. We think green tea in our group of smokers is associated with the reduction of oxidative stress in the urine. Hakim said. Much more research would be need to see if lowering levels of 80HDG or the markers of DNA damage is actually associated with a lower risk of cancer. See, it's supposed to be a good thing about the tea council. Yeah. It made me wonder wonder the tea room. You know, and like. Like that. Oh, we got to the Britney story finally. No, no. How many days have been training this? Like a week. Several. Well, here we go. Better late than ever. And of course, we started with a Britney story about Justin Tinkerbell says they did the deed. I'm sorry. I just, I just, I can't deal with it. I can't handle that. I thought that story was the, the DJ was asking about a particular sex act. No. He was asking whether they did the nasty. Okay, intercourse, intercourse, whether he's screwed or okay, do I have to draw you a picture? Okay, somebody is perverted and you are got everybody. Got a splendid old in out. Huh? That's not what I got from that story though. But you got a wrong, okay, because you're too busy with your tongue and somebody's asked. That's the problem. And from what I'm here and done there, it ain't the right ass. That's why you don't have your bonus yet. See, if you do more like Gary Sartre and screw in and the Maddie Bill and Ray Perry and have your tongue placed firmly in the middle of the right ass. I told him, then you had that bonus check faster and you can say Greg reads a douche bag, okay? But he didn't do it. It doesn't fit. It's the wrong shape. I see wrong shape and size. I guess I have to do the break and then we'll do my Brittany cleans up a rack. And then about the corrupt Wall Street poker who says he shouldn't stay in prison because of 9-11, even though he wasn't to in it. Sartre's jobless lines grow longer by the day, more depressing news, but then we'll get to the Robert Blakester. I like we'll have time for some of this stuff. Because we got bogged down yesterday with that very exciting new new one hour. I had calls from the Pope. I had calls from the White House people thanking me for that new new one hour. They said it was the most citilating and durable hour of radio in the history of this business. They said if just if Sartre who's saying and Osama, your mama and George W. And if all the Barbison and Graham could hear that hour that we'd all get along. Even Rodney King, can you believe that? I believe it. I do too. It was great. If I do say so myself. I mean, all I did here was sit and punch buttons. Foker Brian did all the work, which did you see that did to come up on your own. No, no, no. If that still hasn't come up. Didn't come up? I got that little broken icon image, you know, like the pink group. I was never better computer than you did. You must. Because it's all on the same webpage. But anyway, the cover came up and the thing is volume one. It's called the restitution and Moa hits volume one. It's a beautiful thing. Okay, let's go with it, Foker Brian. Let's crank those babies out. Gonna sell a crap load of those. 26 past noon is 560 WQA and Papino harnesses back in action starting tomorrow. Augh! New first race post. I have a 715 and for the first time in the 40 year history of the track. There'll be free club outs and grandstand admission all season long. And of course, is always free general parking. Let me sit again. Free club outs and grandstand admission all season long and free parking too. There are two new wages in Papino Park this year. Come play these super super where they $10,000 bonus pay up. Or try one of the two pick four wages. Opening night Friday tomorrow night there'll be free prize drive to a 1 or 5 trips for two to Crystal Palace casino and hotel and that's on to Bahamas. Bring out the kids is opening night as the first night of Papino Park's monthly family fun nights with free popcorn, coloring contest, clowns, face painting and animal balloons. You have to, of course, the fabulous Papino Park miniature horses giving rides from 7 to 9 p.m. That's tomorrow night. There'll also be giveaways free spins on the prize wheel and special displays for the parents too. Just got to find where Steve Wolf and say, can we spin the wheel? For the next three weeks, Papino Park will be open for live racing every Friday and Saturday and of course, if continues being open every day of your life seven days and nights a week for a simultaneous starting at noon, just bring a big sack of money. Papino Park on Powerline Road, a Blacks South Atlantic Boulevard, don't forget, new post time 715 p.m. and live racing resumes tomorrow night at prestigious Papino Park. My life and low. This is sports video 5.50. We can weigh in. Get in stick. Look at the bigger line. It's got a big scale board. It's Black Miserable, but dry. I'll go or and be chill. You ain't seen nothing yet. You ain't seen nothing yet. You ain't seen nothing yet. And Black Miserable, we're dry. We've back up sugar, Larry Kaker. You ain't seen nothing yet. It's not a big scale. I take you tonight. And the Army will. You ain't seen nothing yet. I'll say to you tonight. He's he gives me the creeps. You know, pathetic. Call 31 at 5.60. You know, they always said that Democrats couldn't win a first election and they were right. What's this thing you just, what's this thing you just asked me here? What about playing a play mode, how would David Bitzer gets again? Not again. Oh, it's a picture that came over. The facts. Oh, a customer's because I see it's got a 516 or 561 man. I thought this is from a book again. No. Good. We already decided on a one. Let's get with it. Although this is kind of cute. This is the part of the party that somebody did. He was just on the phone with me by the way, Boca Brian's beginning to pin. Yes. The tentative release date will be Tuesday or completion date we should say for the disc. Right. Should be Tuesday. So he better get a whole air. Can they bigger get their head together? And also a speaking of Eric. I talked to Carlos who said right there with an ugly look on his post before the show today. And he's going to start getting involved. He better get with Eric and get the stuff. We'll get to do our story claims, but he's a busy guy. He don't have time for us, which is fine. Because he's going to benefit the long one. He shouldn't be a hard ass. He shouldn't be so paranoid because see what he's afraid of. I guess is that Carlos knew such a good job, but you probably would. But then we just forget about Eric. We wouldn't do that. Remember forget about it. Well, let's see. Did it really good job. And I will. Eric owns the domain name anyway. What do you mean by that? He owns new Rogers.com. Well, what about we spelled it any. Any. Any. L. K. Huh? I guess you could. Yeah, we could. And we're not. Now, what do you see? I got sucked into this. I'm not changing anything. We love Eric. Eric is great. But you're just trying to bust his balls to get him off his big fat lazy asses. What you're trying to do. That's enough for me. But as far as owning the domain name, you have because it's a funny name anyway. I can spell. I can spell a K and E. L. How do you like that? You're not in this. Anyway, let's get back to Brittany speaking to Neil on this. No, must we meet a Brittany cleans up a rack. This one is, now, what's one is this in? Then we'll find out how credible it is. It's in a, it's in a goddamn, it's in one of them. It doesn't tell you what it is. And above the bed. Oh, no. How is that possible? I guess it's the globe. It's either the globe or the star. But it doesn't say on the bottom any of the pages. I wish one of this. Anyway, no one paid much attention to the demirb lawn sitting outside of West Hollywood coffee shop. With their hair pulled back on a sophisticated do and a pair of brown rim glasses. She looked like a young teacher or secretary. Issues, she's sick. They frozen a lot. They drank. But the anonymous beauty was none of them. Brittany spears. And friends say her conservative new look is just partly bizarre new lifestyle. That Brittany is embarked on bizarre for Brittany that is. As she approaches her 21st birthday on December 2nd. God, is she getting older? What? The pop princess is reinventing herself and abandoning her childlike ways. Well, thank God. Garner her jet-setting trips around the world partying and London and club hopping in the York alley in Miami. Garner her experimentation with boozing. Garner the non-stop touring to the point of exhaustion. And Garner's her unhealthy relationship with ex love underlying the ex part just in ticker bill. Bye bye bye. That's good at least. I don't want to talk. You know what's like in their three things. The whole religion thing. It just makes me so weak. I can't stand it anymore. The fact that people believe this crap and the politics thing. The fact that there are people who don't look at this man either falling for laughing or cry or both. You see what I'm saying? And in this, that just intinker bill thing. I think that's a good trifecta. Don't you? Yeah. Very said. I'm pretty saying that with mom visiting museums and hitting from the heartbreak of losing your first true love. Brittany's behavior is so bizarre to me because it's so different from what we're used to as a friend. She's acting like an adult. As our picture show, my got him right here, the change in Brittany was obviously she said with her mom, Lynette the coffee bean eatery in West Hollywood. She looked great. Isn't it? So, if she was wearing a simple top in jeans, she had her hair up and she was wearing glasses. What kind of glasses? They're okay. I mean, they're a little granny gl- not really granny gl- I suppose it's too long. Wanted to hear you say brown rim again. I don't want to say brown. See? Rectome. Everything that this man, he wonders why he had like a one share in the summertime. What's this because he followed the dead man in the morning? But because of the fact that all he wants to talk about is ass penetrating ass, looking ass, eating ass, investigating ass, sniffing ass, nose up the ass. That's all he wants to talk about. And you wonder why nobody, nobody knows decent, but respectable person out there would listen to your show. My mother says you're the anti-crite, but she says you're getting better. Thanks mom. And pretty soon she'll be sniffing ass. Her own. Anyway, at first I didn't recognize her, but just three days later Brittany was out with her mom again. It was clear that her new mature look isn't turning off the guys. As they sip frosty ice drinks at the coffee bean at sunset plans, I got walk up to their table and slept her as phone number. She slipped the door. Seeing as how you're not dating just anymore, how about you and I going out and ask the song. There's my number. Startled. Brittany dressed in a Chicago culture in a black cap. Pick up the papers they're I walked away and she and her mother burst out laughing. Hey, we seen who you've been doing Brittany. So as far as laughing, I've been scared okay. Although who knows, maybe maybe it was Gilbert for me. Maybe maybe it was the guy with the eyes. Maybe it was the guy with a fatty fat. Says the guy with his late 20s and really bold said the I would see after Nate ran for mother. Brittany obviously got a kick out of it. Maybe with parents. It seems the blond singer of him maybe one more time is finally getting over just their new more open attitude is helping say pals. It's bizarre that the guy was even able to approach us as an other source. Just a few weeks ago she would have been surrounded by her on to Raju wouldn't have gotten anywhere near her. Unfortunately Brittany had to go through some pretty dark times before she finally saw the light. It goes out about the thing in Mexico which I'm sure this article ain't talking about the wild diarrhea because she didn't think of this like to do. Oh and look at this. Oh, wait to hear this. Just and hypnotized to get over her. Even though Justin Tinkerbell pulled a plug on his romance with Brittany Spears, it was still a traumatic split form filled with heartache and regret safe friends. But the instinct star found a way to wash that gal right out of his brain hypnotism. Star. See I told it was in the star. Star is learned from a published report that he flew top of British hypnotist Palma Kennedy New York for two secret sessions early after the breakup. Now, friends, as the singer is over Brittany and happily dating Charmed Actress Alyssa Malano. Justin was the new solo singer called Like I Love You. First, I'm a kid on Montel Williams Show and got in touch with him after learning of his long list of celebrity client-says sources. The hypnotist has helped Darrell Hannah Beach stage, right? Kirit David Golly of his flying phobia and helps spice girl Mel B. Quit smoking. Paul has an amazing gift and he's happy to help other celebrities with their problems that his agent called Dougridge. He does it for free, but if they want to make a donation to charity, that's okay with him. Okay. When we can't arrive to New York, he reportedly sent that with Justin put him into a deep Trance, just by talking to him, says an insider at Jive Records, the singer's label. Once Justin was relaxed, the hypnotist helped him to identify his deep-seated issues with Brittany and the split. Then showed him how to go beyond them and move on with his life. Move on with your life, you little pun. I was a little bit afraid. Justin was feeling down and Paul spoke to him and made him feel positive about things as the insider. He just needed that little push. He had like the edge of a cliff would be good. Paul did him a world of good hasn't looked back. Everyone needs a little help occasionally. Now Justin's on top of the world. Nice gone air. Justin. I'm by by. He lost. See if this hypnotist wouldn't help. I got the answer from Dr. Philka to the other. By yelling at him. Guess who was on Larry King last night, which I saw about four seconds of. Dr. Phil? Yeah. He's making the rounds. Just the coincidence that his new show was on every day. Which I'm for some strange reason to keep forgetting the tune it in. And my TV is got like the automatic block off. If I'm channel surfing anymore, he's on it. That's why I was on four seconds. It goes click click and then on a set of Nails. That's the new kind of TV they need to invent. That kind of thing. That leave sex division game. The new one? A new chip. The new program was available. Like Dr. Phil or Jesse Jackson or something like that. Where if they come on the screen, they just change the media. Yeah. I think that's a good idea. In fact, you know, that's a good poke for tomorrow. Because Friday we leave it up for the weekend. If you could program your TV into blocking out anybody who might appear on a Who would that be? That is a word. Yeah. Not you think that's a good poke. Yeah. And tough choice. In fact, they're coming on one after the other. First was Judy Woodruff and here's Wolf Blitzgreeg. Oh, man. And then, and there's that bitch. What tells her name that, uh, Christiana Amantor. Your favorite. Oh, man. I like to stick her head all the way to pop the pubs dress. That was a nice color. I don't think her good sniff of that idea. That was a cool. In fact, they must have heard my poll question. They listen to the line. Maybe your own. Yeah. Certainly not news. They listen. We got some friends at CNN. What else are name? The one at Steve Nicholson. The station. Did you want something that had nothing to do with me and was embarrassing? She's right. She's right. Susan Candy. We love you Susan. Everybody needs to work. Okay. Honey, we understand. We don't take it personal. But other than that, the certainly not news network. We're politically out of touch. Yeah. You're out of touch. All right. That's what I just said. Wolf, get out of here. Hey, you're sick and tired of being taken advantage by real estate agents and brokers. When you look into a cell, your home. Tell them that. Well, if you are, check out SaveReelD.com. And here's how this works. It's simple. You retain the right to set your home. You can also show and set your home to buyers who quoted directly. And if you set your home this way, if you only 1% in commission, that's it. SaveReelD.com collaborates with all MLS realtors. You can also show your home to real business. They sell your home. You only have to pay the realtor to commission. They traditionally charge for bringing you a buyer. The bottom line is you save a crap load of money. Contact SaveReelD.com on the web at SaveReelD.com or call them directly at 9504-782060. So if you want to stop dealing with real estate agents and brokers when you're selling your home and save a lot of cash, here's the way to do it. Let's saveReelD.com. Show you how to be doing it. Log on the SaveReelD.com today. SaveReelD.com the best, the easiest, the smartest way to sell your home. Here's that number again. 9504-782660. 560-5660. 380-4880. You ain't here. Did he tuck it or did he cock it? I'll be baby king. If he can't be me be alright. Yeah. I'll save a baby king. If he can't be me be alright. Yeah. I got you to die baby babies. For the pizza, purple number now. That's right. I'd be baby king. Burger King shows he's found the meat. Playing brown these baddies that fall on the floor sometimes. But they wipe them out off. Serve them a fresh. No lagreens. We'll make the shredded lettuce get stuck in my teeth. Hmm. You oughta see the mouthpiece on my cell phone, y'all? Woooo! With me! So hot no  i got that die of b..d b bo..b-do the b-do b-do b... That's had evening yesterday with me! b'ye a little big t linearity! v..pae pendulum oop C bo-oo-oo C-dby brain 1246-96-ie the maddog standy by he'll be the long one on clock. So anybody I'm puttin this's pulled to give up for tomorrow? If you could program your TV to block out one person who would have be and guess who You probably wouldn't think of this, but you should be now that you got all those storms Swarling around you got little lead Freaking door crown or he's a fender Yeah, I would have thought of him. He's on the top of my list. How do you work down here during this latest non-epicent? But I had plenty of spy reports. I'm sure About him trying to like bring it back. He's always trying to like draw it back. Wow, you know if it turns around here And if it comes back coming in and out of the way It was the arrows he couldn't hook them more and ego the size of Montana and I'm not talking about Joe Yeah, Brian or Chris of course Dr. Phil and old friend and guess who just popped up on my screen We have you got CNN on I do know well on they're showing a clip Well wait till they come back to wherever we be talking now I think I think we're gonna have to get a whole bunch of them chips, you know Does he have a hair lip and that's why he wears that mustache just lost before we're going from a coalition and I don't even You know at least at least Hitler knew how to like you know comb the mustache Even though on both sides is hairy at a problem with but but this ever noticed how his mustache is like Right the left side while he is a very liberal. You know have to let the lady ready That's him all Jesse so this is gonna be a great portal. I'm psyched about that as opposed to this one today Which is getting me so goddamn depressed We got 495 votes will make 500 before this before I we get on here today in fact what do you got what is the number on yours? 495 I got 496 I just moved ahead here So we only need four more to get to a 500 just relax. Okay. They'll come in But let's see so bush picked up a net of about 29 26 24 so he's picked up like 24 more if you believe that which sure it's possible It's possible he's got those high poll numbers out there the public gets you know sucked in there waving their flags They're gonna. Yeah, they it's scariest hell, but it's possible. Anyway, speaking of scary a corrupt Wall Street prohibitionly New York Daily News corrupt Wall Street brokers pulled out the ultimate excuse in an effort to avoid prison 911 Former Bearster and partner Gary Semino told a judge his trauma over being near the world for its center on the morning of the terror text Should give me get out of jail free card In letters to the sentencing judge Semino said he saw people jumping out of the towers and was so emotionally overwhelmed that he couldn't possibly handle a single-lighten jail Semino who faces 10 years in prison when he sentenced today for securities fraud Admittedzes gave from downtown without a scratch lumpy for the towers collapsed But he winds demand hadn't federal judge William Pauli It because of his already critical emotionally ill health These events of 911 have had in this especially shattering effect on him Prosecutor David Essex scuffed at the blatant bid by Semino to use 911 to avoid prison while Semino may benefit from psychological counseling and while he like many New Yorkers have been significantly harmed by the terrorist attacks on 911 to stirbred the most back to not warn any departure that would reduce his time behind bars as Exxrote Semino has admitted the securities fraud money lottery an extortion His court appearance today seems far row from 1990 of seven when he was in a Wall Street Journal profile of upcoming bachelor's That piece titled men behaving grandly described his 2100 square foot upper east side condo Is 12 cylinder Mercedes and hundred thousand dollar watch could have been a roll-eye skirt it Now actually we're roll-eye is like 10 grand, right? Yes, look at it. But watch is a hundred grand time X Swatch Swatch what Watch anybody you want except anybody's programmed out like well, plus Creed I You were starting to tell me see I was my fault because I was talking about the talking getting with the Eric Yeah, my poker Brian on Tuesday now. What was that information because I suggest that you ought to get together with Eric and Formulate the plan for this because we're getting very close to October 1. I'm sure they are And then we need like a real nifty thing on there because I think this one's gonna sell like hotcakes Especially in the fact that we're not gonna have a best meal this year because we got a lot of lazy people around a building like Doreen Who don't want to lift a finger to help us see the you have any idea how many years it's been since I've had not had a best of meal think come on It goes all the way back to INZ Every year we either had a cassette which the bird and fat were choose to like debit them off on those duplicating machines, you know, right? Oh, I really did that machine either had to fix it or wait then we moved up into world of cities We always had something over here. This is the first year where I have enough and and don't look at me. It's not my doing I was crestfallen. I was crushed When George and Miguel both like I mean like oh, we're not doing at this year, are we? As if I have a choice is if I do something I can do about it You know, I can go to do it myself. I'm gonna wave my my magic thing Well, this will be good for Boca Brian. He'll actually make some money. Yeah, for change. Yeah, but we can also raise some good money for charity Yeah What are you? What are you picking on our friends with the dog people again? No, wouldn't pick on them? Well, so pick on some of the other people okay pick on what's your name over there? I'd give them the other place. You know, I'm talking about pick on the Catholic church there with the Camilla's house. Okay, don't pick on my animal friends But anybody make a long story short. We don't have no best needle is here because the station is a joke. It's a major It's it's it's a farce Think of us nothing not only they give us nothing, but other they got 85 program directors We still can get any asses and skin even get a few pieces of copy much less good any help on a best of meal seat CD Back in the old days when we were on a real radio station was a different story. If I remember the good job at packs in that year Yeah, I was a matter of fact tracing sensational job as we had like a real well to care of everything Let's not go into it. You know, I'm a girl. He's overworked underpaid and he belly-exilated from you It's way closed and he's got the rein back there chasing around the building Hey, if you're running around and I feel like that somebody chase you around maybe you need some hair That's a good start. I don't think too many people would have big ugly bald spot kids chased around That's what Valka Brian always complains about not so many people chasing him except bill collectors Nobody is he is. I beg your pardon. He is chased and I'm quite sure Charles Alfieri has been helping the famous and infamous and not so famous look there best over 25 years with his Spectacular realistic natural hairline system It looks like the real thing not like a piece that's a difference. There's two things in like there's like hair or But looks like here and then there's a piece So if you want to have some silly ass wig on your head be my guest. You know go right ahead But if you want to learn how to have a hair that looks like it's really growing out of your scalp If you want to look like you don't have any bald spot at all check out for your own believe you're not can make you look younger and better Then you have in a hell of a long time and probably better than you ever thought you could again It's true and there's nothing to lose but the bald spot because they give you a free consultation with absolutely no obligation And they'll sit your ass down and show you just how great they can help you look and if you're mentioning your Rogers when you call to make the appointment They'll give you an additional 200 of this cut off the already low price and everybody gets Charlie's 30 day going guarantee If you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells if you're not getting ahead at least 15 times today Charlie give you a full refund. Okay, we can't not necessarily for women, but you know nothing's perfect So make the call today 1-800-321-2413 That's 1-800-321-2413 or log onto their most prestigious website at Charles Alfieri.com I'm leaning on my Javic Abelir Yes, I repent today With a low-wider fights that look mean I Got what's the nice lights on my running boards Think of all the above my dashboard a new spoiler now Even got flame decals on dead doors What they win my my wall because my support for the cool in the dark I'm checking the action down at the 70-11 Oh, right when they see my old recidest fires Then I know I'm going to score I'm checking the action down at the 7-11 On Profit feed of 560 WM almost done you realize it I do realize that I'm excited and tomorrow We got that big pull coming up man. That's gonna be great. We have anybody wants to make suggestions for that You can do it facts it in now between now and tomorrow morning Maybe you'll have a pile of taxes there when you come in I got a pile Or maybe you'll just have piles if you could program I'll probably we've warned the question But this is generally what it's gonna be if you could program your TV to block out anyone person who would be Brian or cross Dr. Phil Oprah or Jesse Jackson is the first starters, right? Right Anybody else does jump right out immediately? G w freaking bush. Oh, yeah, that's oh boy howdy Yeah, that's a possibility anyway. How did they pull come out today in the O'am bed you asked? If you had a chance to be cast your 2000 vote from president today, what would you be doing? We have 550 votes I vote the same for Gore 277 I vote the same for Bush 98 I didn't vote in 2015 on the 11.4 percent Christ on a crutch I voted for Gorbana I vote for Bush 47 I voted for Bush Bonaid vote for Gore 18 I vote the same for Nader 13 stubborn silly people I voted for Nader but now I vote for Gore seven I vote for Nader but now I vote for Bush 4 I vote for Buchanan, but I wanted to vote for Gore in Palm Beach of course Oh, so the net is like 29 let's three and 24 Bush's picked up 20 correcter votes Huh What so I guess he stole more than enough he's got 24 more she's got all the 600 now And of course if you count the thousand of voter for Buchanan then the of 20 thousand's versus well, you know You can't cry over spilled milk you know what I'm saying when you put up a lousy candidate that's a way to like you know Kind like when you have a lousy lead in bye bye You