He's all choked up, he can't help himself. Gaby, tell me, talking on a court show. Trying to be my show. Your voice sounds just like a sad and hear-over. You're a little sports-ho show. What else are you there for? Gaby, tell me, talking like a baby. Who needs a little training? Like how you understand. You don't sound like a man. We both know well about that joke. Your throat comes healthy. Gaby, tell me, tell me. Gaby, your lucky management don't help. Gaby, tell me, you don't belong there on the end. Gaby, tell me, the sports can wait till your voice cracks. Gaby, tell me, when you don't grow up, You make a turn on a throw or throw. Gaby, tell me, talk to me, tell me. Gaby, tell me, when you don't grow up, You'll have a great way to build the imperinise. You'll have a great way to build the imperinise. You'll have a good way to build the imperinise. Okay, here we go with more 903 at 560WQM. At least it's a little something. It's a little bit open there. Promoted the Magbride Gemboch debate. I didn't watch it because I thought we decided to go to vote for it. Why do I watch that? Terminal. Right. I sure wouldn't put Robert Greeper as much as we like Robert. If anybody thought the beast was on professional and didn't belong on the air, Robert's a good guy, but does he belong on the air even to say hello? No. So the idea that I would put him on to critique the, in addition to which keeping his politics in mind, him critiquing it debate among any candidates or between or above. Anyway, we don't want to get bogged down on that crap. We got plenty of other crap. How's Fathboy deal with those hour by hours, by the way? As soon as they come in, I got news for, unless he comes through with that in the next hour or two, he's not going on no trip to Vegas. Today's the day ourselves departments live for a weekend Vegas, because they did such a wonderful job. And to line August and spend the fact that George was on and Moe. Oh, sorry. How low can you go, Moe? That's what we like to find out when we see those hour by hours. Because that's what it's all about sweetheart. That's what it's all about is, you know, coming through with the production, produce something. Not talking to big game. Not talking about how we son better than ever before. Let's see what you've got. What do you got? What do you bring to the table? Who you got out there? Where's the audience? You know, that's what it's all about. Not being pompous and diful a crap. Anyway, so a guilty, I guess, had a little plug there from one of the callers about 20 of. And even that took good, they took coverage with. I don't think guilty did. Because when we first came here and started playing that song, guilty was going out and performing it live, which I find is shocking, but he was like lip-sinking it. And very spots around town. Now, of course, he has to like zip his lip. 798 votes in our 40s today. What do you think a kneels noon to one comedy bits are? Well, something we started back in September on the anniversary of 9.11. And we've been doing that every Wednesday from noon to one, as opposed to like, you know, I don't know, just in the middle of the week. It's just a nice break. 314 people said I love it. That's 39.3%. It's okay. 254, 314%. So that's 71.1%. Who either like it or they love it or they're embracing it or they're just waiting with baited breath. So we'll be doing it again today. It's a waste of time, 111.9%. And I hate it. 111.13.9%. Makes me so mad when I hear that, I want to go out and kill some people. Yeah, but at any rate too bad. Because we're going to do it again today noon to one. It's easy to that or we'll replay the audio they had debate between Rick Bride and Jeff Bush. Now I think we'll stick with the comedy bits. There's 87,000 stories on the sniper all snipe her all day. By the way, it is interesting to see. Look at that. There's this. What's being called the most sophisticated and large. I already got that bedtime stir about the attack on the internet. We got ready to got that. But at any rate, but isn't it something a breath of fresh air they're doing other stories than just all sniper all day? I think they may begin a little bit of heat in that, you know? Yeah, catching just a little bit of flack. I miss all sniper all day format. I mean, give it a rest. It's like all Chris and around they all morning, you know? Chris and around they just give it a little break, little variety there. Vault of no video at the Baltimore Sun has a fairly concise article. I got a little like cut way down. Okay. We don't want it to be long bedtime stories. Also, my good close ball friend Tom Jika. What did I tell you? Do I have my thumb on it or what? Didn't, if for whatever reason, I guess he was out of touch with what was going on in local radio market back in the winter book when we kicked ass, didn't write a thing about it. Back in a spring book when we really kicked ass, surprised a lot of everybody. He was out busy playing TV review in LA, getting wind and dined, didn't write about that. And I said, hey, next time the station has a down book, when we have a really mediocre book, then Tom Jika will be hit a write his radio column. And you know what I was? Absolutely correct. I had my thumb right on the pulse of it. But we'll get to a little Tom in his piece and a bunch of other stuff including a nice facts from our friend Linda. That's for you, Linda. Thank you. Baltimore sun says after police police for a telephone dialogue, the serial stock was stalking the Washington region responded yesterday with a different statement the killing of Dave Rakear of a bus driver, accompanied by another demanding letter, letter authorities, listed a mile from where the government began shooting three weeks ago. Police answered last night with their longest televised address to the killer, saying it was not electronically possible to achieve what the snapper demanded of them and letter left at the side of the Saturday shooting in Aslan Virginia, the snapper demanded that $10 million be wired to a domestic bank account and threatened further violence, law enforcement sources of told of Baltimore's sun. Yesterday's multi-page letter left at Aslan Hill's Northgate Park repeated Saturday's demands official said, we remain open and ready to talk to you about the options you mentioned on camera county police chief Charles A. Lucy the mouseman said last night, it's important we do this while anybody else getting hurt. Moose didn't structure the snapper to call authorities to get a toll free number he could use in the future and offered to set up a post office box to be used for communications if that would make the snapper feel more comfortable. Like he's going to come to a any PO box anywhere. That they already predestimate right. You've indicated this is more about violence than about violence said the chief said we're waiting to hear from you. The killer claimed in letter Saturday which had similarities to another note left by the snapper that he's unsuccessfully attempted about six times to contact police, only being thruited by phone lines, damned by tifters, according to law enforcement sources, police have verified some of those calls by checking their logs. Earlier in the day, moose revealed one reason my police are so desperate to maintain contact with a killer to let the left behind it said are he shooting he said contain an alarming threat, your children are not safe anywhere at any time. The disclosure of this threat yesterday is killing further raise the stakes in the cryptid dialogue taken place between police and the killer partly over the public airways. Over satisfying the killer's demands those demands mean while it taken many by surprise there were many theories about motives of a snapper who's now killed ten and wounded three but few expected he was driven by a quest for money. He had our attention after the first days at one law enforcement official speaking on condition of course of anonymity why would he ask for money now? He's playing with him. That's why he's asking for money now. Does he really expect to get the money? Oh, of course not. No way. And the beat goes on. Only now that we got this kind of all snapper on the loose there we go again. I thought maybe they had a little bit of a break from that. But little bit. Just a little tiny one. The sneak in a couple of other brief stories while we get back to all snapper all day. While we get everybody into a state of total frenzy. Larry King had what's his name on last night. It was watching between periods of the hockey game John Walsh. You see that? No. But you were watching. I can't believe I underpedal to you. When I'm channel surfing because I feel compelled the spirit of this show compels me for my bedtime stories and whatever else to see we got on there what they're saying. John Walsh was on there who I like a lot. I like him. And he kept pumping his America's most wanted number one 800. What is it crime? I don't know. 100 it's a crime that I was on that show. Is that what it is? I don't know. Something like that. But in any way he got offered that number. We said they don't trace. They don't do this. And we'll see if he calls that number or not. 10 minutes after 9 at 5. 60 WQM. What have we got on the schedule today? We got Jim Mandage in the studio today. All right. Hey, Colberg in the studio today. How do you like that? For a four solid hours. Unencumbered by any other. Dreck. 7 o'clock. We got speaking. Dreck said goes panther preview. 730. Let's play the make believes in Toronto. Oh, the pressure is mounting man. It decay at the after the hockey game in Joe Mark overnight with their usual. Still are ass eating John. Let's face it. You've been learning about fast train and hearing about it for a long time. Now what if it makes sense for you? Well, the facts are simple like so many of our listeners. If you have the dedication fast train will provide you with the necessary training to become a certified computer professional. Court of Time magazine demand for computer professionals will continue to explode. Their average student completes the training in four short months of attending school three months. Once attending school three nights a week. Once you've completed your certification fast train will help you out and getting a new computer job and make in some serious cash. A new job that's worth something as opposed to working for peanuts like so many of the underlings around here. Fast train invites you to come in visit their train career counselor and determine which track is ideal for you. The cave downs Buffalo Raceway. For an downs. Pomp and O Park. Call fast train toll free at 1 866 fast train to set up your appointment with for convenient locations. They're in Kendall now. They're in Miami. They're in Pemberpines and prestigious Fort Lauderdale. So there's about to be a fast train nearby you. Don't forget to ask the career counselor for listeners students like yourself who are currently in their dream jobs. Call them today fast train at 1 866 fast train. That's 1 866 fast train or check them out on our Wicked World Wide Web at fasttrained.com. This is Port-Witty in 566. You weigh in. Chamberlain rate. From the producer of American Idol. It was dressed. It's Demicredit. As long as the last web of the genre. I could see it right. Not the moment. They also want to get off. Yes. Yes. You ain't seen nothing yet. You ain't seen nothing yet. Do it. Do it. Indeed I did have 200 sexual lectures. Do it. Do it. Go on. Do it. Demicredit. On Fox this fall. Do it. See me for who I really am. Thank you my friend. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. You're welcome. I 16 at 566 WKM Happy Wednesday too. We got that big noon to one hour coming up today because the audience wants it. They like it. And the people don't like it. They don't like it. They don't like it. Turn over to Russian. No. Then you'll see how much you like those comedy bits. Just in Timberlake is straight but pop rocks is a gale time. Somebody facts me this. We're just came from I have no idea. It says all those pranksters at HX Magazine HX is the ultra-hippin all inclusive free weekly magazine covering gay New York City Nightlife. Worn it's readers that in April 5th issue would be loaded with April Fool's jokes. Is this like to think we got the other day that was from back in February? A little bit like dated maybe? Or maybe they just decided to fact this because we had the just and tickable update yesterday with what's your name? Probably. What's your name? You guys have a lot of it. Right there you go. You got the damn picture right there. Let's get rid of it. Try to separate the two from the is this two was part of the fun. And it's weekly listings HX declared that April 4th will be just in Timberlake's official coming out party at Pop Rocks. The ultra-fun Thursday night 18 over gay hotspot. According to the magazine, Justin left his girlfriend Britney Spears because he's one of ours. Oh, I sure hope not. Bye bye bye. Oh, God, and to celebrate Justin vowed to make out with every cute boy to club that night. Whoa, all right, all right. I know they're curly here at 1.5th of inch in coming out of the closet. Is there any gay guys fan to see it is? It is? Oh, after reading that, I want to puke my guts out. Whoever affects me that boy gets it. They're these wonderful things called glasses man. They're these very talented people called optometrist and optologist go see one before it's too late and the... Bye bye bye. Get out of here. Before it gets a little Tommy Jicker, which I can't wait to get to that calm. It's just like we told you, you've also been saying the same thing for a very long time that as soon as we had a down book Tom would have all of a sudden he'd be right here in town and right in the bot radio. And you know, this is the first thing he's written about radio of any consequences way back in March when he wrote about all the changes at QAM. Right. And about my being out of touch and my biggest challenge yet and going up to... And by the way, we had a very big September time. I know that comes to the shock. And as soon as we get those hours by hours from February, we'll be able to tell you just how big. So it must be inspired to the fact that I'm doing all this so what is again, periodicals on... Mario. I'll on audio. That's number one. And number two of the fact that I'm so out of touch most of the year because I'm not here. I'm somewhere else touching it. Speaking of touching it, myoncharge is video bidding of young daughter or reigned on theft charges. I already had this, but somebody fastened it against, so I'll move it up on my pile. My pile of bad times stories. And the reason being there's one sentence in here that just sends me, I love it. The range in Indiana. The woman accused of beating her daughter in an incident caught on security video. Tape and broadcast nationwide was arranged on charges of taking fabric from an apartment store. Madeline Tuggood, 25 and her sister Margaret Jean-Daleigh, 31, appeared in a grain circuit court in shackles Monday. That's a part I like. In shackles. And that great? I love it. Oh, that picture. Innocent pleased that the felonith have charges were entered on their behalf. They were later released on $3500 bail each. Both refused to come in as they left court. Prosecutors alleged that the sisters took fabric from Yoders departments through the courts. They were in shipshawana. Ever been there? Oh, you don't want to go there. I've been there. Shipshawana Indiana. Woo and Yoders. See those Midwestern names, especially those Indiana names, Yoders and Yoko and whatever they are. They alleged that sisters took fabric from Yoders departments through in shipshawana about 35 miles east of South Bend, August 21. Telling a clerk they bought the material days earlier, but forgot to take it home. That'd be a good poll to do one day. You know what's the most yahu state in the country? And it would surprise you, but Indiana is definitely in the running. You ever been Indiana? Yes. Were boots? I don't know. Pass through by bug. Oh, and I'm talking about like in it. No, no, no, no. Woo, we see when you look at the map, you say to yourself, well Indiana is not in the deep South. Guess what? Wrong. Wrong. We went through indeedapolis. And when you're like Indianapolis, they have like, they speak many of them with a heavy southern drone. Let me look at that map again and see where I'd be now. In September, police and Mr. Walker released a department source of alien's video that said, well, to good to this and we know that. But seeing her in shackles along with her sister makes a lot of us very happy because she's one of those travelers. A culture of thieves. We're not too crazy on this show about gypsies, tramps, travelers and caves. Here's a fact that says I heard you, I hope you heard the worst thing this morning, you know, I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. That is a luxury for people who don't have children. There you go. And then, of course, when we think back to that ugly, grotesque episode, which really blew this whole mothing open, when he tried behind the scenes, see, it's one thing on the ear to put on this business of, well, I'm holier than now. And I don't do these things. And that's okay. But when you behind the scenes, stabbing everybody in the back, that's the real backstabber. See, there's such a thing as the frontstabber. And then there's the backstabber. The backstabber does their work behind the scenes. Trying to get people fired. And so this one is on professional. I don't want to want to make calls off the ear to get this one. Take an off ear. Things like that. That's the real backstabber. Thinking to talk about people with the wife and children, including one not even a surprise. Surprise. There's a button in the oven here, George. And try to get somebody like that can. Just out of peak, just to try to assert himself and throw his weight around. And you might as have a pot, Billy. Just to show that he's going to be the big cheese here. Well, guess what? I saw these numbers, Mom. Oh, man. Cut the cheese. Cut the cheese. She probably did when he heard what the numbers were. Way to we get those hour by hours. Is a fat boy here yet with those. When he comes tumbling through that door, then I guess we'll know what it is. Let's say Walker days. So he'll be waddling over here. What do you mean by that? For several other day, he's on wheels. Oh, I didn't know that. Yeah. Every other day he's in the chair. And I'm a Walker. Why is that? To build up his strength. Right. Lead into it slowly. He doesn't walk on it. He doesn't even waddle on it. He lunged. He lurches. Yeah. On it. He's a Walker because there's so much weight pushing on a Walker that every Every step is like a major load you both the wheelchair and the Walker at the same time. Another train monkey. Okay. Just calm down. Okay. We'll get to you. We got a great mobile today. By the way. Huh? We don't you like today's pool. We got 11 choices on there. What are you going to do when you don't have him to beat up? If those numbers keep on away, they are. That could be soon. Anyway. Not seriously. I mean, he's got to show us something for Christ's aches. He's got to throw a number in here sooner or later for crying out loud. Stupid. Latin radio stations grab half the ratings top 10 right. Tom Jika who finally writes a radio column. We'll even take it even though we had to like a mediocre book. But of course that was because of George and other things. Well, no, you were still number one. It's better than be number five. Which I see. It wasn't a good idea for you to remind me that you were number five last time. I was bringing those numbers out. I was dusted to that. They're in budget meetings today to try to see if they can actually give George more money than mobile because the George has got much higher ratings. Well, Linda and her facts that I'll get to in a moment. She suggests you want to get paid as much or more because you have a lot higher numbers. We actually have people listening when you do in the show, which I know is shocking. But at any rate, it's true. I mean, if you had the kind of numbers he had, believe you may, you'd be out to door when I got that precipitous call from Greg Reed about. Congratulations on a really good book. And by the way, I have this. I'd determine a George Rodriguez. I should have saved that. Am I voice mail up there? I could have saved it. And found a way to transfer it to tape because that really deserved to be on the ear. He didn't decide to fire anybody. He was the pressured muscle by a hysterical tantrum by a hysterical silly self-serving old man. No, no, no, no, no, no. Remember on how he duty Mr. Bluster? No. Mr. Bluster was one of the puppets on how he duty. He was like, he was a can take was old character. That's what we got here. Mr. Bluster. I don't know whether I want to keep calling him more or maybe Mr. Bluster. I think would be good. Although, it's kind of dates me. Just like they were talking this morning when I was coming to work about the greatest moment in World Series history. I think the answer beyond a shadow of a doubt. It all depends on your age. But beyond a shadow of a doubt is 1956, on Larson's perfect game. That wasn't even mentioned. And a guy in his 70s like Moe. I mean, you know, he certainly was around to see that or know about it. But there wasn't even mentioned. Anyway, we'll get to Tom Jickers. Colombo get to Linda's fast. We'll get to our poll question, which Eric is, look, he's already got it on there. So before I even mention the poll for today, you can go peruse and cast your vote. In fact, I'm going to have to like think about that one myself. Because there's so many excellent choices on it. 26 past nine at 560 WQM as we wait for the moment of truth. When fat boy comes lurching through that door on that walker. And says, hey, pal, here's those hourly numbers. And you know, something like that happened today. I was Adam, you know, we like you Adam, but here it's disappointing when the door open and I thought it was going to be fat boy. What does he say? He said Jeff can't get him. What does that mean? He can't get him. Arbitron is not whatever. He can't get the number from Arbitron. He can't get the number from Arbitron. Well, what about little Maddie Bell? He's our last white grade hope I guess. Go find little Maddie Bell and kick him around a little bit. That won't be tough. That'll be like kicking a soccer ball. So fat boy, let's just down. I say keep his ass off that plane, you know. They've got the whole first row in first class reserve for a fat boy. Both aisles. How you going to get the nose up if he's up in first class? Like I said, back in cargo. So we can't get it for us. And here's a guy to always talk to a big game. You know, I probably will do this. And by the way, you know, I did watch someone at Gainland. It's not quite a bit of the Sabers beat for the love. And it was a great game. Reggenit was at his best. There was nobody there in Buffalo. Great rivalry. Both teams, how does it pistol? There was nobody there. It looked like it was worse than a Panther game. What's going on, eh? Cause I noticed a lot of sucking up to the Marlins now, which I heard this morning, which is really embarrassing. And David Samson, etc. That little midget. But the fact of the matter is no matter how you slice it, crow and mole. Nobody cares. They can market this and market that and do a big song. And it's now that they know they're going to have to probably be here another four years. And it's going to make a difference. There's no interest. No interest. But you keep banging away on it, baby. 927 at 560. That was some very depressing news now. And I got to cut out Maddie Bell and you know Maddie. He's he's kind of unpredictable. Especially if the things you've been saying about the illness. Hey, if you love your home, but you need more space. Maybe there's like an unwanted baby showed up. I mean, I don't expect it. Do 100's of other smart people like George are doing cost-rictly additions. Whether you're having that, unnon that baby wanted or not. And even other room. If you're converting a car porter patio and living space. Maybe you went into business for yourself. Want to make a home office. Call the experts at strictly additions because they'll do a stupidness and be able to own for you. There are your one stop shop more space for your place. Place where the absolutely positively worry for your approach to expanding your living space. Forget about no shows by other guys. We're never going to happen when you call strictly additions. In complete work, no chance. No unexpected bills. No worries about the job not getting done right or finished. And they take care of every last detail. They drop your blueprints. They get the building permits. They have all the inspections for you. And of course, they've got that easy 5 step approach to total customer satisfaction. First, they call the schedule a free project evaluation appointment at your home or a project estimated to determine the scope of your addition. What should be needing? Second, they schedule a bit of a woman. Their convenience, your homework, or your get a detailed proposal and exact price for the work. Third, select your finishing touches. Go to contract. Fourth, review the design. Architectural drawings. And fifth, the highlight. You sit back and relax on your fat asses. Your demonician moves ahead. On schedule with unbeatable quality. It's a piece of cake. Take. Costrictly editions. Ad9-547-918100. How come a diabetic like Michael who keeps going to diabetic comas is tug-aiden cake? I still wonder that from Godfather 3. Maybe they know what's strictly additions ask them when you call 791. 8100, you can check out their annual pages. They serve all abroad and all of South Palm Beach County too. They are licensed in shared professionals who do a stupidest job for you. Like they did for George. Call 9-547-918114 strictly addition. My and local. We are sports video 560-0. You A.M. You'll go. Let's rate. Oh. Three. You'll be shot. You're good. We pass the time away. In the game. You'll jail. Oh. Oh. Oh. Santana. You've heard him play his Grammy performance with Rob Thomas. And on the latest hit with Michelle Branch. Everybody wants Santana on their song. So we've compiled a CD collection of every artist Santana has ever played with. Like. And my name. Two-fid-up rock girls all around the outside. Found the outside. Found the outside. The Dixie chicks. Ready to die. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. The tail of the celli. It Santana will let's, for everyone's CD including unassDCTracks from Carlos and John Tasch. What someday your journey will end. I'll be there crazy as well. Yes, as a guitar playing horrible play with anybody. Except, of course, Kelly Clarkson,小時. Oh my god. No way, man. Santana's links for everyone. Order now and receive a personal lives. One is track where Santana plays your very own birthday song. And be birthday dear Santana. Call now. I'm 33 at 5.60. WCQA. I'm happy Wednesday to it. I'm telling you one thing. I think we might break some records with our poll results today. They like these kinds of pools. 34 votes on our already. I haven't even read the goddamn poll question yet. 11 choices. The reason more Howard David's ratings are so weak is. He's boring. I don't know. I only listen to Neil. I don't know. I don't listen to him. Which see, the reason I did those separate ones. Because there are people listening to the mad dog or hanker or the part of the station. But listen to morning. Jaldi is too squeaky. He's a pompous ass. Fraccom. He's show blows. The beast looked bad guests. He's alienated in everybody else's audience. Because unfortunately, he has shown never sounded better. I love Mo or who's Mo Howard David. Those are your 11 choices on there. What do we got so far? 34 votes. 8 say he's a pompous ass. 6 say I don't know why I don't listen to Neil. 5 say he's show blows. 4 say I love Mo. Y'all these two squeaky three. I don't know why I don't listen to him three. Who's Mo Howard David too. He's alienated everybody else's audience. Because unfortunately, he has shown never sounded better. 1 he's boring. 1 of the beast book bad. Yes, he's gotten none. The beast has got no votes in terms of being the scapegoat for the week. Number's in the morning. There's Miguel has got those hourly numbers for us. Not. 4's Maddie Bell. You've seen little Maddie running around the building. He's in the building. I was told he isn't a building. Okay. That's our project. Now between now one of clock is to grab Maddie Bell by the toes. Which shouldn't be hard. I write below his armpits. And yeah. And carry him over to that computer and getting working on that stuff. Maybe they're not going to be available till tomorrow. Which would be bad because tomorrow the sales department's going to be all gone. And Maddie and his crew will be in their budget meetings. But the good news is muffin. Terrence will be back tomorrow. Now, Clarence. But muff could get onto it. You don't say he might hop on it. So Tom Zicker writes Latin radio stations grab half the ratings top 10. Did night 10 of this when a ratings came out. Shvosen suppose baby. This summer. Because all the non-latin whites get out of here in the summertime. Don't you spit, go away in the summer. Well, of course you can't care a lot. And we got he came to the end. Huh? No, he couldn't because he was working here for free while I was in Toronto. I have a great time. Yeah. So the spikstone, go anywhere. They like it here. Of course they're probably not wanted any place on. And then the schvarts, as they came to for to get out of town. Right? Where are they going to go? Where are they going to go? They're certainly not going to cross the state line of weapon to Georgia. They'll be picking cotton a half an hour if they go up there. So they're going to stay here where they'll be safe, you know, or at least whatever. So we had spows and spows because everybody else was out of town. Which time points out at the very end of this article. Let's read the article at Little Tommy Jickus column. They, in which he actually doesn't take a shot at me or the show or both periodically on, I can't remember the line. Periodical, uh, oddity. On audio. For some strange reason I have a like a brain fart on that. Can't remember. He says land radio stations grab half a ratings top 10. The sounds of summer on south Florida radio this year were heavily in Espanol. How do you like that? Yeah. Spanish language stations captured half of the birds in the markets top 10. According to arbitrans quarterly audience survey conducted from mid-June through mid September. Despite the search for Latin radio, WEDR, the urban contemporary music outlet, best known as 99 jammed. Maintained its distinction as the markets' most listen new station. You can't, what I tell you, you can't beat them, schwarz is with a stick. 99 jammed the predominance is complete. It's the highest rated station in the catch all category of listeners. 12 plus six amdhamid night. Also tops among 25 to 54 year olds is so called money demographic because it is the one and avoids the majority of advertising be sold. Power 96. Let me ask you something first. What's that crap they played on the hall? WPO W power 96 held onto the number two position ahead of the spring book among the overall audience. Latins to end by the way, their number went way back up again. I just mentioned that for Mike Disney, a case he's listening to parties over baby. Powers kicking your ass. Because they put that alby silk on air. And they sent that show grip head back off to the a second network for training. Latins stations occupied the next three positions which shows you again it was a heavily spoke book. WRMA rodeo to Almancia FM60 up from 9th in the spring book to take third. Anybody believe that? No. Just ahead of WAMR rodeo on more FM107 which improved from number six Spanish talk. W-AQI came to the station to be the market size rated AM station finishing in a three-way type for fifth with hot and life. Other than life which is slush music you got all your top stations that are either Schroer Spock, Black or Spick. I mean that's what is that say? Two additional latin stations WCMQ and WRTO rodeo RITMO followed in 8th and 9th. So you look at the top 10 here man and you don't have any white people you know. You don't have any whiteies. You got a bunch of goddamn banana boat people and you got the you know the watermelon chopper's out there. You got. Did any white people get diaries? No. Have it not. How do we do so good in September? Well we got a few spicks. You came back and I came back. That's why I came back to be a little Georgia out. Who reminds me he finished fifth in the last summer. You know the more I think about that the more I think Momay have had a point. I mean that's not good. You know it's not good fifth in man on this show. W-A-O-D-A-M-610 which tied for 12th of the highest rated English AM station. And that's really something that we're going to have to like worry about. W-A-O-D-O-I hate that station. Home of Dr. Laura Rush Limbo on Phil Henry finished eight places ahead of mostly sports W-Q-A-M. Are you sure? Which suffered from the annual summer absence of Neil Rogers and further slippage of its morning Drive program. Uh-oh. Sounds like a shot at Mo. W-A-Q-M had hope the hiring of Howard David who has that David who has a national profile as well being the new voice of the dolphins might bring new listeners to the morning show. Hopefully that. But unfortunately, I don't seem to be working out for some strange reason. Hello George. Hey don't suck up the hand now he ain't going to cover for you. We don't lie about the numbers on this show whether the good batter and different we just give them right out. We don't make them up. W-Q-M even slumped and started to target demographic men 25 to 54 losing about 20% of its overall audience. And a slightly higher percentage in morning drive right time. Who's taking another little shot at Mo? Jesus Christ. The good news for W-Q-M is that the markets of the sports station and by the way Jim Sarny you're an idiot. Okay. Have somebody we did the numbers. Have Tommy explained the outwork. Remember Jim Sarny wrote a thing a few Fridays ago about how in the last trend the morning. They were like moving in on Howard. I don't want to stand up for Howard because that would be out of character for me. And I can just can't do it. But he's not a contest. They had a 0.9 in the mornings in 25.54 men. So Tom says the good news for Q-M is the market's other sports station. The W-R-FX Fox barely registered in the book finishing in the tie for 30 second overall audience among 34 stations. Oh, 30 second out of 34th. And tied for 30 second out even by alone. The only station right below W-R-FX is W-K-A-T, which with nothing goes recently switched to classical music, classical gas. The results of that formal change won't show up until the fall book released through the end of this year. Spanish stations also have a strong showing in the 25 to 54 breakout. W-R-M-A-T-H-H-H-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-FF-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F It ain't half an in here, Mo. You know? In fact, leaving the way is a pompous ass has got 22 votes. I just might see what the 11 choices on there. I don't have time. I don't have the luxury of time to go down the whole list area. No, seriously, that would take us all the way up to noon and those comedy bits. Oh, right! Not a bad idea. Hey, let me tell you now that summertime is over and we're serious. Those summer vacations and all that slack and office concern get the weight off. With balance for life. This is the way to do it. They bring in that little black sack. George has got his sack right over there. Look at that. The fabric has got his sack. And in any rate, you can lose the ton of weight. The easy delicious way because they use it. You know, yesterday one of my entrays I had there was a nice fresh plum and some blueberries in there. You know, what do they cause? Like when you buy strawberries and the stores at a pint, they call them and you buy the little. What do you mean you have no idea? Haven't you ever bought? Sure. I produce a pint. A little a little thing. I think they call it a pint. Well, whatever they call it, when you buy produce in any market, even the good markets, you go through and you know on top, they put all the real good fresh ones on top. So it looks good. And you go down in the middle of it and you get the ones that are spoiled and worms are squished and black. You look at the produce from balance for life. That's in Europe with your entrays and all that good stuff. And you just amazed at the quality. Like all the other stuff too. They use only the best ingredients for pairing your food for you. Based on the principles of the zone type, which helps you lose weight like crazy. And keeps you satisfied because in your black sack are three delicious gourmet meals. Two delicious snacks that they deliver right to your doorstep by six AM at your work at your home. Where are you going to be? And they let you choose between two choices for every meal too every day that you're on a program. So if you want to lose that disgusting unhealthy, grow test-look and wait. Do it the easy way. It's a piece of cake with balance for life. Nothing account. No calories. No carbs. They do all the work for you. Prepare fantastic delicious food. Call balance for life today. Get started. The Sunni is start. The Sunni can lose that weight. Call 9-5-4-5-6-8-32-29. 9-5-4-5-6-8-32-29 or check out their website at balanceforlife.com and check out the naked picture of the bees. The more on-hour at 9 o'clock you hear more. In theaters now. I don't even have any idea who this guy is. From the director of Red Dragon. I am not a man. By the time it's so our stars in it. It's a dinosaur. Purple Dragon. I'll staple your eye against your forehead. Boy, boy, you can't break my phone! Oh, oh, oh, oh! Open your eyes. Oh, no, no, no. It's so much fun. What's the fun in that? Purple Dragon. Now, I am becoming more for the man. It will show you our and we're all very special. Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. In theaters everywhere. Can you do it in charge? My bottle is called Captain Frank. He's like a tool. Was Barney San Mo, was that what you said? No, 946-560WQM. So I'm with the one at the Faggot. I mean, the Queen at the Facts Me and the Thing About to just and think about, just go away sweetheart. Bye-bye. Obviously, we've whipped up to our frenzy today. He's probably got his mobile app now. There now he sends me a whole thing about anal sex. We ought to save this for Georgia, I guess. For the next time, George, to fill in. I'm not ashamed to say I've always been intrigued by anal sexes of this, Fag. So I'll save this for you. I'll put it at the bottom of my piles. So Linda, thank you, Linda. There's another kiss for a Northward charge. I should give the promo here from a girl. Look for the cute, oh, we can't get those hour by hours yet. Maddie Bell is working out of her. He's got his nose to the grindstone. And we might have to wait till tomorrow. You think? We can drag this thing out for days and weeks now. The suspense man. Wow. It is penetrating and querying minds one and no out there. I was my pole okay here in the air. Can't have some kind of a brain fart on the pool, because I noticed the thing at the bottom is like, uh, yeah, there's like something happened on the bottom of my home page there. 108 votes already? That's shocking. The reason Moja or David that this ratings are so weak is he's a pompous ass 29. I don't know. I lo and listen to Neil 24. Who's Mo Howard David in 15? He showed blows 12. I love Mo seven. I don't know. I don't listen to him six. Geldies two squeaky four. Because unfortunately, his show has never sounded better three. He's alienated everybody else's audience three. The beast book bad guest two. And he's boring one. But there's something like in the bottom. There's another category there. That's missing. What's the other category, George? I don't know what it is. Look for the killing. Who's Howard David? At least that's how you wrote it out. It's third. 15 votes. All right. You better get with him Mr. You should don't know your pull. Look for the QM van today from noon to two with the Amico. Look and I was at Amico or BP Amico. Whatever. You know this. At the Amico at 341. Biscayne Boulevard Miami 34th and Biscayne. Well, let me get a lot of good lucky down there. Stopped when prizes and registered to win a trip for two to see the dolphins play the jets in New York. So we have some crappy prizes but it tends to win a really great trip. So there you go. Go buy and see Miguel. Keep in company. Keep them safe from all those undesirables. They're at 34th and 5th game. Because we know what's going on down there. Mom, maybe not. Hey, by the way, the gravity anal sex thing. Bye, bye, bye. Have a great life with a tinkerbell. So Linda sends me this fact. She says, hi, Neil. My husband and I just mail in our arbitron radio diaries this week. Oh, so we can't make any comment on that. We both listen to them all for an hour and a half every, would not say an hour or half an hour every weekday. We're only listening to catch his latest inane remarks about you or others at the station. He must be a very stupid person to wage a war with you. It only makes him appear more obnoxious and unprofessional to the extreme. You don't have to know the guy to be able to tell what a painting must be to work with or to be around. This is Linda. She don't even work here and she knows it. And those that he tried to get poor little George fired. And the worst possible time of his life when he just his wife just gave birth to that surprise baby. Also, Linda says I think George should be paid as much as how it's since his numbers are higher. And she's got a good point. Absolutely correct. Man. After all, what else matters on the radio? George is great. My only complaint with him was when he was treating trashing his wife all the time. Rick Wally used to do that. I think it sucks. It's would be okay if his wife had equal time on here. Well, guess what's during next month and a Monday morning? Crystal Rodriguez on here next Monday morning. Six to nine. Huh? She would love it. It says I too missed Timmy a lot. I think we show suffers from his loss. I still love the show what we see today. He's talking course about passions. I can't believe I missed small male last night. What is wrong with me? I was in the grocery. Pretty good hockey game. Huh? No flesh? What? What? When do we ever see flesh? That big harder than ever. One episode there with a sweat, where everybody's AC's. Easy. Yeah. Right. And that was, oh, that's right. When the teacher was, uh, yeah. Thank you for the quality show that I'm using in inform says Linda, keeping those bedtime stories. Thank you, sweetheart. We love you. Bloomberg's boycott opens door for another parade controversy. Poor old Mike. This is from the A and P. Get ready for another parade controversy. It was only earlier this month that Mayor Michael Bloomberg bought out of the Columbus Day parade in favor of a very large, very public Italian lunch with cast members of the sopranos after organizers objected to his marching with them. Now, almost before the mayor had time to digest his penny, his mixed up with the same Patrick's Day parade in case. Gaze. That's a guess. Gaze. Maybe that guy that was sending me the thing about Justin Tinkerbell. Bye bye bye. It's gonna be bearing his ass on St. Patty's Day. Sounds to me like he bears it just about every day. The parade organized by the ancient order of the hybeurians allows Gaze and lesbians to marshal but not to identify themselves with a banner as representing a gay or lesbian organization. Right. How do you like that? Asked about it during the Columbus Day controversy. Bloomberg said he would march down fifth avenue for the same patties they parade, as well as that an inclusive parade in Queens. Queens. He said he would also invite Gaze and lesbians to an end will say patties they breakfast he hosts at Grace Manchin is in the last year. You know, the rest of the world keeps laughing at us. I hate to break the news to you boys and girls. The rest of the world keeps laughing at the USA. That this kind of crap still goes on. On one hand they're laughing on their hand. They're scared crap is because of all the goddamn guns. Crazy people with guns. And as you travel around the world you realize this is one of the very, very, very few countries in a world where you have all these crazy people with guns. And people in places like Major Metropolitan areas like Washington DC are afraid to let their kids go out over the house or even walk a goge gas or do anything because they're afraid some lunatic that's on loose is going to blow their crap away. The more Bloomberg was asked the less he seemed comfortable with that position. Earlier this week he finally suggested he may not march at all on St. Patties Day. I don't think that any of the censorship or discrimination makes any sense Bloomberg said Monday. But if the parade organizers found whoever I choose to invite next March on acceptable, I'd go have dinner in an Irish pub instead of an Italian restaurant. Good for him. He added who I'm going to invite? I don't know. I hope the organizers find whoever's chosen is acceptable. Prade director James Barker is stoked to controversy in that organizers may object if Bloomberg invites the wrong guests like if there's maybe too many priests in a parade would be bad I would think. If the mayor wants to go to an Irish pub said Barker that's his right. There's nothing to answer now because we don't know who he's inviting. The parade is one court decisions that back its prohibiting against the Irish lesbian and gay organization from marching under its banner and they parade for the past 11 years. Bloomberg's apparent and what about them little elves huh? Those elves in ferries? Bloomberg's apparent reconsideration of his stance could be the result of a campaign led by some of the city's most prominent gay and lesbian during the past several days. States editor Tom Duane City Councilwoman Christine Quinn and members of the Irish lesbian and gay organized a different letter as a protest to the mayor and on Monday a few hours before the mayor publicly considered as decision to march they held a press conference at City Hall to denounce Bloomberg. Whatever it holds name is this week. The same practice they parade as a long troubling history of discriminating against the lesbian gay by sexual transgender community Quinn said that the press conference Blair Bloomberg's decision to march and they same paddies they parade validates discrimination and exclusion and lies the very essence of this city on Tuesday Quinn said the pressure may have gotten the mayor to rethink his position like prone. Well I'd like to think that my letters in the press conference have led him to reconsider said Quinn his position has seemed to soften little bit. We bit. Bloomberg spokesman Ed Scott was said what the mayor wants most is to avoid a repeat of the Columbus Day hoopla. The parade is a long way off since Carter nobody wants a repeat of the last parade of that debacle is what he said. Now votes are pouring in on this very important pool here baby they're pouring in. You notice that? What do we got 7000 already? 138 already. The reason how our day that it is ratings are so weak is he's a pompous ass 40. I don't know I only listen to the deal 32 and it goes from there. Who's more how our day of it 17? We're trying to get a lot of publicity on the show and like his buddy fish said he could buy for 50 million dollars and fish you are. I mean it's not as good as that effective as those billboards a Greg Reid is about. See there reason we don't have any billboards is because cheap channel owns all the billboards. That's why see only IOD billboards and for all of the cheap channel 400 stations in the market is because they don't all the goddamn billboards and are we gonna pay for them? No way. How about the TV spots to that campaign hasn't saw kicked in yet? No. And the big newspaper ads they've done the job. No! A tack on internet called the largest ever you were that this just happened? No. Well you will be when we come back following the break because I don't want to look interrupted. This is pretty important stuff. Then we got the audio of the McBride bush debate not. And the best part of the thing is here these are sports guys in and guilty and Robert. They're supposed to be the sports guys and they evidently watched all our parts of the bush McBride debate last night because they were talking about it. And I'm supposed to be the you know the god would be Bedtime stories the political curmudgeon political curmudgeon. I didn't watch that thing I wouldn't watch it for all of my new new world. I'm busy watching hockey games in the world series a little bit a little bit of my good post personal friend. Yeah, there's all this other stuff going on. We're one of my god watched that debate for I already knew I'm gonna vote for 20 or 30 times Three choice. I mean anybody would vote for a fascist right wing anti-human hypocritical asshole like Jeff Bush. They gotta get what they deserve and you know what they're gonna get a right wing anti-human hypocritical piece of tear does what they'll get if we get four more use of Jeff Bush. You think about it folks is that what anybody with a brain wants? Oh, oh my god The lights of West Boca your low carb sugar free-acquins died super stores got a spectacular new section of low carb cookies not just one flavor but 14 different cookies from three different bakers. I have them all I do they're delicious and if I had a pick of favorite I couldn't cuz I haven't tasted me And frankly but I guess pity Lenny's talking about him. He says they're great peanut butter chocolate chocolate chip lemon coconut All sugar free your low carb you can stop by life and sample any of their products you can try and before you buy him The lights also gave us a loaf of their new carb low low low carb bread called sinfully low carb bread Spread some of that new lawn new boo jam on it. You got a great low carb breakfast and don't forget is your facial Actions dot retail center the lights of West Boca sells every single atkins brand product at 25% off every day of your life You heard the reports on NBC CNN on WTVJ. They still all say it's atkins that can help you share that fat It works for a lot of people the lights of West Boca's got a friendly knowledgeable statically new down the path to health They're open 10 till 10 every single day seven days week right there on the corner blades in 441 in Boca Call one eight. So isn't that near priman boca to yeah, I think it is call one eight seven seven Web at low carb dot com Same cutty's day How you wish all across the USA But be gore what is this right here the sky and Valley who as a bunch of squares again this year who say that I wish true God loves the Irish and less of course your game There are your all-fim archen upon same cutty's day you can be a bum a bucket for some shoot and that's okay But you can't be a you should you're gay. Oh, we're fine You're the order of hi-baranians those him and in says great have delivered this pronouncements upon the blessed day Short a little bit of But you're gone straight to help a home a sexuality Oh god loves the Irish and the support your game That was their pronouncement has the high-stick in the play you can be a carna mafia don god loves the anyway But you can't be a you should you be oh E S E E And as Spells Choose another women part of it with Devil a man can never get a date with L E S E And S We say E Shame that these games want a calm out and march with us Lesbians No way the just as carnival carnark You sure are such a street It's like the Kennedy is the maid this country great We don't allow no Peter Pan the wedding of the green And when we say up the Irish boys that is what we mean Oh god loves the Irish as long as men are men Except perhaps the lefricans we've never been sure what I have you can be sting can drunk in Ireland And all the way But you can't be a you should You know you can't be a you should You stupid Don't even try to be a name 10 out to the 5 60 WC have a happy Wednesday too Before we do that thing about the internet which I'm amazed that you haven't heard about though Leaders of the Roman Catholic Dices of Toledo placed on leave a priest accused of repeatedly Specially using a boy two decades ago when he hear the name it may set you back a little bit The Reverend Bernard Cochazinsky 64 I'm sorry that's his name The Reverend Bernard Cochazinsky 64 will be temporarily replaces pastor of St. Anthony of Pattawah and Columbus Grove O'Hieau Bishop James Hoffman said yesterday. I do a kidney ski William I heard he was pretty cocky when I heard not 43 said he was raped and molested by cochazinsky in the rectory at St. Joseph church in free mod, a court of law suit in Lucas County, Common Police Court. Clarke sued the priest last week asking for more than $25,000 in compensatory and punitive damages. His case is the 11th law suit being filed against the local priest and the Tolerole NIC since April. He said he was raped him. And one of the nine cases alleges that diocesan leaders knew of a widespread pattern of sexual misconduct among the Clarke's but failed to stop it. Of course, Kakazinsky has served in least nine parishes since his ordination. He declined to comment about these suit. All he did was Clarke's throat and saying like that. That was it. That's as far as he was willing to go. So we're waiting to see if Maddie Bell's got to come through for us today, right? Could be another day if I could have that noon bit. I think we got to have somebody, 300 to 67 votes on that poll they're pouring in. We got noon to one the big wins. They noon to one hour today. And thank God for that, you know, because the pressure was so great for Maddie Bell's showing up. Hey, let us down. I'm sure it's not his fault, but he let us down. Usually he comes water and through that to hey, pal. He's kind of like he's like fat boy, junior. You don't think they're all in suspense inside the building, too. They want, oh, oh, you kidding me? They want to see those numbers. They want to squeeze them. They want to examine them. They want to look at them with a magnifying glass. They believe me. They'll need one for some of the numbers. I don't want to mention which day part. You know what I'm saying? Twenty-two noon at five, sixty. How did you QA? And we all have different lifestyles, Mo. Therefore, we need different products to make us feel better and be healthier. Especially the older you get, man. Start popping lots of that, only a minute. They have one for old age yet. Well, don't forget. Don't forget. Old old the old man. That's good. And then there's that moldy old man for bad hairpieces. Old young man Mediterranean formulas are advanced combinations of pharmaceutical grade olive oil combined with good stuff. Vitamins and minerals, urbals, other nutrient scientificly designed to provide natural nutrition solutions to help you support specific health needs. They've got three great new formulas for you. Sleep, weight management, and co-Q10. And trust me when I tell you co-Q10 is one of the best things you can take for your heart. I'll be using the benefits of pharmaceutical grade olive oil like I just said only moments ago. Only months and outstanding new products that you can pick up at public secrets, well greens, say hi to Marcie Walgreens, please. For more info call, only a minute one, 866, only a minute one, that's one, 866, 6536633. You can also order their great products online to their website, only a minute America.com. And if you visit your nearest publics and vinyl, you'll be at product and brand and date counties. You can get you a coupon for a free, Larry Coker, Bobblehead doll. Oh, wow, supplies last. What more could allow life is just not complete without one of those. Don't forget to visit their sampling for video in its fourth night every Sunday too, when the dolphins are playing home games. Pick up some free, oleomide samples and product information and start popping some real soon. Oh, a sound review. David Shane gave him all the stuff that we've got it from because they send him to prison. He's in prison. Oh, come back. Mix him on a song, give him things to pop, wash him to a good decision. Oh, the season. Well, seven, turns to nine. He said David Shane, why don't what's fine? He's got a gun, his face. He pulled out of the race now. He's done. Boy, so am he and Ryan, maybe now he can buy a jelly. Because the torch was his flame, being denied in all the game for a jelly. 1146, 14. 10. 560 WDQM. Here's a psychotic facts from Andy at Erbil Fabrics in North Miami, who says, the reading of articles is torture was especially extremely terminal and ponderous. It's irrelevant. Why am I listening? Something that you're number one in your time slot. I don't understand that. It's irrelevant. Why am I listening? Or that you're number one in your time slot? I read. Please, Neil, stop reading. I'm feeling like killing some people when you read. It's pure noise. Yes, this will be my last facts. No, it won't. All right. Do you understand that? Stupid. Well, it's not a big person. Another desk right off. It'll never be your last facts. I just got a facts from Mark the Jens fan. Another one. You see, you people out there keep threatening. You're going to turn it off. I could sit here and go, boom, boom, boom, boom. Like that for four hours. And it's a lot easier than researching all these articles in reading. It takes a lot less effort. Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. Like that. I could loop that. And then we can live up to the building that we're getting. Another train monkey. Right. Go on. Boom, boom, boom, boom, like that. Still get big numbers. Still beat his numbers. I guarantee that. No contest. I wouldn't you be embarrassed if you've got beaten up by somebody making sounds of a train monkey on the air for four hours. Boom, boom, boom, like that. No problem. As long as they know it's me. And of course, would they be sure it's me. Just like I did, really sure that I'm here right now. Was that the hockey game did that? No. See, I might not even be here right now. We might just be fun in you again. That's right. For those people saw me at publics on Sunday. You could be at Rome. I could be doing a show and got them. Rome or no. Okay. I could be the old gnome in Rome and you wouldn't even know it. If I wanted for some people with loose lifts that open up a month, I won't Friday. I just wanted to like, one day, just one day. Pullable over their ears. Says you were travel. No, you did not. That's what I said. No, you did. It's on tape. Did not say that. Well, then it was Joe was Joe Mama. People presumed that I had let it out of the bag and then just went. See, why did you say you see at the time you denied it? Now you think that because I'm old in the feeble, then my Alzheimer's is going to kick and I don't know. That's the same thing at the time, but it didn't know you did. You said, you said, you were talking about it. But like that. You were talking about denying it. I was not talking about when I was going to start doing this. Just for one day to prove the point, then no matter where I was sitting on my ass that the show is going to sound the same. Reading ponderous articles like the gift piss off that guy's his facts me. So I got news. What? So how's the weather? So let me say this to you. Okay, it's again pretty chilly up here. And I'll do one to show whatever it is I want to do. Okay, we're still doing just fine. And you're not listening because of my ratings. And you're not listening because I've been on the air for 800 years here. You're listening because you choose to listen. You could be playing goddamn records right now. You could be playing with yourself, which you probably are in between right in the faxes, but the bottom line is you're listening because you like it. You love it. They could be listening to classical music. Even even if you hated you love hatement. See what I'm saying? And somebody who comes on here and lies to us that, you know, and potentially as listen since his birthday back in June. Oh, George. Yeah. And then gets all crusty and bent out of shape about things that are going on in the show. He must have quite a pipeline, you know what? He must have a bonsai pipeline. People feeding them all kinds of information about what's happening on this guy. They'm sure. You know, I'll tell you what. Maybe I'm going to, I'll throw all this crap away. And I'll just live up to what he said way back when. Maybe I'll just talk about him every day for four hours. Isn't that basically what he said? He said if I didn't have the Catholic Church or him to talk about it, I wouldn't have any show. Which doesn't explain how I managed all those other 26 years before he came. His ugly old ass when I bet, uh, to pay here, but nevertheless, I have no problem with doing that. It's an endless source of material and drop in. Told George, you know. They're endless. Jesus Christ. And then like that, that one thing this morning, I mean, it makes me kill some people. Yeah, it makes me furious. That through the into the more on hour at night, a cloud. Night, a more. Nice, more on hour. And it was just what it wanted some promotion. That's right. No, I'm delighted that he at least recognizes my existence now, which is a big improvement promoting that we're going to play the audio from mother. Govinda, twirl the bait last night. Anything anything we've been in nonsense or something on the ear here in nine o'clock. That's a step in a right direction, okay? You saw your old ass. Star and galactic heart confirmed central black hole. Yeah, do that. See, he knows his astronomy. He doesn't know about his internet though. I'm surprised you hadn't read that. No. Because that's one of the things that they're planning. You know the evil doers? Yes, yes indeed. Observations of the star closest to the heart of the Milky Way can firm his existence of a colossal black hole there, astronomers announced last day, Wednesday. We could go today. The star passes within 17 light hours of a compact radio source known as Sagittarius A, peg does what races he in? The fifth. Nice. A after horses name and standard brain harness racing means it's a horse that was bread and austrea. Didn't know that. If it's an it's New Zealand. Really? Yeah. Like doosh bag in. Pag does the galactic center and completes an oval orbit around the super hot spot every 15.2 years. The orbit lad attributes mean that the entire mass of the interior object between 2.6 million and 3.7 million times that of the sun is crammed within a space about 3 times the size of our solar system. The staggering density could only result from a supermassive black hole. Roy. According to physicist Reiner Shodell, who would colleagues publish to find these in this week's journal, Nature. We can confidently now say that a black hole does indeed exist at the center of our galaxy. Said Shodoha works at the mass-plank institute for astrophysics in garching Germany. Scientists suspected that the galactic center harbored a black hole, but hadn't ruled out alternative explanations for these Sagittarius A radio source, such as a dense cluster of stars or still a mature within a few light years. How do you like that? We got a big black hole out there, baby? Roy! It could only have been a black hole. That's what's Gauran said. Let's see, two suggestions for the 12 o'clock funny's. The burps and, uh, the chicken dance. What does that think about? Body sound effects, something like that. I'll figure it out. Root obnoxious foul and distasteful of the dolphins are losing. Ah, that's that guitar man thing. Cuxel-Hoyes dolphin. And he also Scott and Scott just getting really chronic. He wants to hear that old lady who says, He's a hell of a hero. Well, he didn't believe how I remember where that was. And thanks, three. What a memory, baby. So there he goes, Scott. You got like party or deal. And I work on the other one. Here's Warren, who fa-boy, there busy on a fast machine today. What's with the epidemic of non-promotion a QAM? First, there was Mowag knowing the fact your show follows him. Now, Joe of Joe and Mark fame seemed to have caught the fever. Listening several nights and mornings, I noticed whenever Joe lists the line on a pitch day. Can spicuously absence as any mention of manage. He never fails to mention Howard, then you would nine, Hank and three. Is there a problem between members? This is just a condition of Joe's cross-promotion with Mowag. I noticed Mowag don't mention the mad dog either. Maybe that's because he called him, but he slipped up and called him Mowag that one time. I'm sure. Seriously, he'll start with Hank and he goes through the thing in a ball game. And then we got the ID kept land above a bond, the dirty boys over and that's it. But there's no mention like Maddoch, probably because he figures these part of the same day part. 10 to 3. Oh yeah. He doesn't want to do anything to glue up 10 to 3. What he doesn't understand, Mowag, I hate to break the news to you. What you don't understand is that everything that we're here on is based on nine to one. Because they have these amazing things called breakdowns and rating, which we're looking forward to some people have a nervous breakdown when they come out, you know? And we'll have when they see the R by our stupid. But they have the breakdowns. So you can tell who's been naughty and nice and what's going on nine to one and what's separate there from one to three. Maybe it's just an accident. Maybe just forgot about the Maddoch. But no, but that's good logic because then he'll be able to say that 40% fewer. Right. 40% fewer trained monkeys were listening to this summer and last summer. So I think it's said to be all the articles what I'll just do is I'll talk about that show all day for four hours. Here's a facts from Jay. It says if you were to conduct yourself as an adult, Oh, this you know who this is from. This is from always with a Jay always starts with a Jay. See he typed it out to make me. I think I'm going to do anything. I'm not going to read your crap. Jerry. Jay. Whatever name you're using today. And you know what both of those rhyme with don't you? Jerry and Jay and today. Yeah, that's what they rhyme with. But have a nice day. So I guess we got some cross promotional problems on this radio station line and we never had that before. Did we? No, this is never ever had that before. I'm going to stake something. No, he wouldn't be doing that deliberately. Show. Why you always stand up for Joe. I like to watch you say goodbye. He's here the other day. He was on an island. He's a little off his feet all of a sudden. I don't want to stories. I think too. I think this guy's got to write too much concerning with Mo has turned him. No. Yeah. I don't believe the facts. What did he say about Mo show? Go off the air. Yeah. Let's hear it. Let's hear it. Here's a good. Here's an excellent facts. This is the best facts we've had all day. You know what it says? What? It says I listened to the new Roger show because I'm an asshole. Oh, I've had it from a sunny fox. Hi, this is Sunny Fox. I listen to you, Roger. It's good I can hear the word asshole. No, because he is an asshole is what he's really trying to say. I guess we had that ass backward. That's Sunny Fox pit. Now what did Joe say about Mo? And I'm warning show. He wishes nothing but the best. I was with blow or him. No, no, come on. See, you're just. I hope I'm flying. Yeah, we know you're flying. He said anything about it. That's not true. That's not true. That is not true. Well, he's not into it. No, well, why not? What's wrong with it? Are you knocking at morning show now that we're a part of that six to ten that's part of our day part? I understand. I hope everybody listens to it. That's our partner show that we're trying to like go stuff by talking about him until he can't stand it anymore. Yeah. To force the audience to tune in, see just what it is. What is it? You're just. You're such a, it hasn't said crap. You're so full of crap. Four minutes till noon at five sixty WQA. Hey, ass Tom Lamin. He'll do a whole dialogue with you about the morning show down there. That's one of his favorite subjects at Hall of Pontiac. He's a student of this radio station good old Tom Lamin. And a student of giving you great deals, too. And this all the way, no tricks, just treats at Hall of Pontiac. And the great zero percent Halloween event going on right now at Hall of How much a time voted on our whole day, too. How much did I take on what he voted for, too. That's right with a fruit credit for, uh, on GMAC. Get zero percent financing up to sixty months and all two thousand two Pontiacs and GMC models and select two thousand three's two. I'm getting choked up just thinking about that thing with Joe turn it on the Mad Dog or take a wee bit up to four grand. Damn it. Here's even more good news. No payments for 90 days. Check out the complete line of GMC SUVs, including the on-board voted by Motor Trend as SUV the year and the all new Pontiac vibe as you be. That's got the power of a big gutsy sports car, but it's your ain't no Corvette. Hall of Solce got ice to pin us on beatable selection of dependable. That's the operative word dependable use car structure SUVs. You won't find a single lemon on that lot, no fruit. And as far as credit is concerned, no matter how crappy your credit is, uh, if it's mediocre on the edge and even worse than that, they'll still get your deal worked out and get you into a new or used vehicle at Hall of Pontiac GMC. Don't forget it's the great zero percent Halloween event that's going on right now as I speak. At Hall of Pontiac, you'll find him at 1.341 South Tixie Highway on US1 across from the Falls, a color of stability in a same location for over 35 years in this God forsaken town. Hall of Pontiac GMC, who be professional grade. You're a sports radio-fifc, you a-m. The state Goldstein, but you can go on New Townsby. Whenever I'm in town, I listen to, wait a minute, I am in town. It's the 12th award hour. Sigh. Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah ah, ah, ah, ah ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah , ah, ah. Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah , ah, ah, ah, ah . . . Chic, ah , ahran n daily lab j sunесer machenり, ye . ,wheР ausge al fo�'s gi€on me favoury. I'm gonna leave the country What you be doing If you're not just like that Broken schmots of dawn If you stay because you were I don't really feel If you're distracted and you're I'm just a memory of this mob Does they lack Are you sure there's huge underneath the On the way you wash and park the whiteest cars You'll get you, you'll say he trust you God believe you If you stay alive So I'm the greedy or the lord But then he make you clear all the whiteest bathroom The prophecy's not toilet And then scrub the floor What? Hey, tell you, don't wear sandals God don't leave your home Your cold ship don't help make them Warble, rich and pure Your nap in the air Make you slack, it'll be well-proamed If you're be what you be That's what you do On the while you be sleeping fast Can't you make me laugh That day free and you just lack your is the road That's when your head will move from that to start From the desert Into bush and rummits They be crack or asshole Okay, we're going to interrupt our big noon to one hour Because Maddie Bell came in here with a bad news for George George always had a apology to that old man with a bad to pay You want to apologize now or should I do it for you? Oh, I could start Yeah, I'm sorry I suck Here we thought that 6 to 10 was so bad because of the 6 to 9 hour Well, they were great Hope you're listening, ma'am That's right, he'll hear it through the grapevine He'll listen Man 18 plus And a 25 to 54 thing I got to look at that again Can that be possible? Where's that thing again? I mean he was he was pretty weak all right 6 to 9 a.m 6 to 9 a.m and men 25 18 plus he was the number 9 With a 4.0 Number 9 Got that 25 54 6 to oh, that's not our number. Excuse me 9 a.m. 1 p.m. And 25 54 that's what that book that number 3 with a 5.1 Not even close Big with a 7.1 And that's because the the other Howard got all the audience 9 to 10 See what I'm saying I nauseous Hmm, but the pizza sure is good Pizza is nice a lot Brad over Tony's pizza And Northwest Second Avenue in 135 Is that right? 190 first 10 I inferred our clothes Thereabouts 139 third and Northwest Second Avenue Great On vocal brine comes in So I'm glad to look at his baby bad timing He just had a baby to bad timing brine Very depressing You're going to have to start doing some attack George bits now His rating sucked Look at us Hour by hour you want to what you want men I want men I don't 6 a.m. 18 plus most got a 4.3 In fact, tomorrow we're going to do a pull on how come George's number sucks so bad 4.3 Then it's 7 a 4.0 Then the 8 o'clock of 3.8 Year 9 o'clock George picks it up a little bit Not much 4.1 Today's got two fine hours Fine hours 5.8 to 7.4 Noon to 1 5.3 Mad dog Picks up that 10 to 3 5.8 in the 6.3 Now we understand why don't want to promote him Cause he's coosin up that day He's a threat Although you did have the biggest down there He had a 7.4 That's biggest down on the station From 11 a.m. They just can't take that much anymore They can take an hour day that we'll We'll speak talking about eating Really Howard and Rush I do really well In between Howard and the sperm and Rush You do fine But other than that They're interesting See you all having a policy I'd go up to tomorrow After a first I'd pull off the two pay And I'd kiss him right on the big ball spot Still higher than his right I'll give my machine What do you mean still higher? Well of course anything is higher But it's never as bad as we've been saying Though they weren't like 2s and 3s Well you didn't have the 3-8 We had a terrible lead in In fact 25 to 54 That's the target demo Like I said he was weak 6 o'clock he's got a 4.6 year On the dirty boys Oh no That's what his problem was He won't be promoting them anymore You need lead in Mo Show and Mark Oh my god 1-5-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-25-54 Pretty weak It was bigger than that last book No last six Like eights Yeah The dirty boys are where the problem is And here we thought it was in the morning It's the lead into the morning show The dirty Graham That's the problem Because then he goes from At 5-1-1 they got a 2-point so she's here See not everybody cares about who's got the biggest ass Ok Joe Well I do If he grows it up a little bit like about 2 more Our grades in school up to like about 4th grade At that level maybe we'll get some more people listening to the overnight show Man that's weak That's weak 2-6 an echo is to a 4-6 It's 6 a.m. that's most biggest hour And then once they hear his voice on here they start Running like crazy Because then it goes down to a 3.9 At 8 o'clock a 3.2 And you just keep them right there No you don't actually went down That you know something that From average quarter hours of 89 hundred men And then when down to 8100 men And I'm not a clock hour But yeah That is just shocking And we want to apologize right here right now To the old man would have had to pay No For busted his ball so I mean his numbers are pretty lame But you sure as hell didn't go some up in the 9 o'clock hour Like we thought Like you're like all the other books when other people were on here in midday Besides you Now 10 o'clock you up to a 4-1 and 25-54 men 11 o'clock that's your big hour 7.5 They like you from 11 o'clock That's just that's before eating time It's right about lunchtime and I think about eating food eating ass And then noon to 1 o'clock 5.9 And mad dog is 6163 Mad dog done good Oh right He saved your ass from real And Jerry has been I'll send him a card So we apologize that's why we get the hour by hour And we could make him up we could say Hey got ones that we don't make that up Okay We give it a real numbers And we want to make a men's right now What are you all mandaling? No No No, he still makes a sick Vodium is 1-100 Boy That's a pretty sloppy bunch of numbers there 10 minutes after noon at 5-60 WDQM Let's face it George You've been hearing about fast train for a long time now I'm gonna call it a man How about a job that makes sense for you in your abilities The facts are simple If you have the dedication Fast train can provide you with all the necessary training To become a certified computer professional According to the time magazine The man for computer professionals will continue to explode The average student completes the training in four short months Attending school three nights a week Once you've completed your certification Fast train will assist you in obtaining your new computer job Fast train invites you to come in and visit Their train career counselor and determine Which track is ideal for you Maybe it's saddle down Maybe it's sizzle down Maybe it's north or hazel park Call fast train toll free at 1-86 Fast train to set up an appointment With work convenient locations you'll find him in my Any Pemberg Pines for a lot of Dale And their newest location in And they'll be in the next few days And don't forget to ask the counselor at Fast train for a list of students Just like yourself that are currently in dream jobs Thanks to them Call fast train to then get yourself on a track to a great new job Before spring Call toll free 1-86-6 Fast train Or check them out on the web If you like it fast train.com I'm a law This is course when you'll find six You will Yeah Bang in the butt honey Yeah Grabbing in the face And try to clean it in the eyes He was venting his mind He did grabbing in the face Yeah Grabbing in the face No care of the day You're a push to back when he was a kid We'll go home Just watch his paper and say You're a good boy He wants the white house to be all big Like a big shot rich guy So he can't even keep him Like his voice comes when the best night He's a high eye That's the way it's called I don't know if I'm gonna go but he desires it today You're a push to you You'll never get him to say You're a push to back when he was a kid Just he can't even tell Thomas Make her up those great muffins That's Zack Zack Zack Shut up sandwich Time gone Oh look at the hit chamberlain talk And that's chamber Yeah yeah him too Looks like he got his head into the 7-off with a machete That's alright That's a guy out there ought to be thrown out of the day I yeah They ought to find that bastard Informing a Turkish-taffee prison I thought it was up to me I just connect my callos to me bang Just a piano space What's taking that raps of war Out there Judging the replay Well, well replay Where's the replay room And you can't go in there I like kids Get out of my way Good luck This is the replay room Yes, here they are Who the hell are you? Out of my way I know who the hell are you You don't know who I am now I am? No, take a look at this Does he know who I am? No, this guy is He has the dog from play by play guy Effect your boo By the man that you throw that bully's split out of the game Fight a power vested in me By the commissioner Ford Frick Frick Frick Frick you Frick you Somebody get this guy out of here Hand me your quiz-wing Is it clear today? Oh man, let's go Getcha Frick and buzz off me You loser Time for this Throw him out the window You're right Yeah Leave it on my way Hello? Is OJ there? This is the juice? No, this is OJ? OJ, this is random mass Random mass Why receive it from the minnesota back in? I'm sorry man I have no idea who you are Hang on a second On there I'm not sure I'm not sure I'm not sure I'm not sure I'm not sure I'm not sure I'm not sure I'm not sure I'm not sure I'm not sure I'm not sure I'm not sure It's one gram per mile OK, now who's this? Randy Moss You're the sort of Vikings From the NMFL Look man I have a really paid no attention All the expansion teams As I left Lee Uh, what can I do for you? I'm in trouble OJ And I need your legal advice Hang on a second AC I've ruined my sandwich And then help on now OK, Ricky go ahead It's Randy And I'm in trouble OJ Yeah, I know all about trouble Help me OJ I don't go looking for trouble trouble comes looking for me What happened? Tell me Well, I was mind-mind-mind-mind-mind-mind-mind-mind-mind-G-Rise And this woman cop got in front of me I tried not to hit her And then he found weed in my car You need to get a hole A Johnny Cochran That man saved my ass You'll keep you from doing time for not getting off that lady car Not your ass I didn't kill her I just dumped her with my car It was a man You need to kill that woman You can't let them live Man, you ain't got no problems Try kill the woman Then you got problems I gotta go You know I had unseeing them ABC MSNBC UPN Packs CNBC CBS NBC Noggin And the Fox cartoon channel It's HyperSniper, baby A Nightmind A couple interview Steve from DEL So you think Media Hightees Interging this sniper Dude Like Sure Then a Larry Gang Johnny Cochran To make this Mr Moves Sey cause men Chief Moon Like the Borggo Was the Chief Moves So that's the chief Moon Well, this bit Mr Chief Moves As a way from our dish Get the woman Even you be the sniper Please be with normal Where you can be Re- F**k it out This sniper All the things are all on the press My sum about This fight my five Two or two The responsible journalism continues When your local action use Put the reporters Macin the middle of all the action Have you seen the sniper yet No, no Wait, where the hair comes to go Hey, you're a sniper Yeah, I guess not That car wasn't a sniper Real thanks for that report Well, people are viewers Hey, the hair is looking No wait It's a white man this time Hey Are you Coming up tonight On inside the behind The true Hollywood celebrity music god of the profile story We can get good Hard, stiff look and a start-up They came from Tulsa, Oklahoma With a mission A mission to tell the world that even beautiful women Pass gas to They were the Gap Band I'm on Did it? You just don't know I'm on Don't ever tell you something People think that song is about love Well, I'm here to tell you It's about a woman who squeezed out the largest Smellies, the booty burps in America Running Wilson One of the three brothers who founded the Gap Band Was the first to encounter Doris, a group who worked her way back stage The band's manager Slubby Gold I will never forget that night One by one they come out of the dressing room Dagging from the wind this chick is laying down Ronnie says to me, she was damn good But do not even attend 69 Long fed up with a bad rap man Get for their flat youets The Gap Band recorded You dropped a bomb on me Hoping you sent a message of equality That men and women are pretty much alike Both that I just assistance Process certain foods into blessed Supporters methane People wanted a love song I guess so that's what they thought it was The world just wasn't ready for a song About not just butt bubbles And would have Doris Tonight, inside the behind Confronts are with being the inspiration For the Gap Band's hit song Oh those guys It's all just sour great I show them an awful good time And you know how Men will do anything to make us women to look bad Oh my god I think my nose is bleeding It's a big juicy softy wet look at your business Tonight and inside the behind Welcome back to the highly rated Mo Howard and David of the show Holding for my own Travegotian You're a stupid boy He went to win it Oh, bro, you were doing that to me Oh yeah, sorry, Mo That's better Oh wrong day Oh, Chris Nick, I didn't see you could create a guess Okay Wrong day Now you Chris Cause I'm wrong day Get me Not Justin Not on my watch you Oh Okay Around day He's up with you Wow What the fuck are you doing Sorry, Mo And we got one of our three very important coolers on the line He'll be 2 a.m. what do you want Can we hear it? Yeah, more new I'll just scream And can I spit it out What you gave Oh Wrong Okay, I'm just thinking I've got the empty and you say What are you doing? I'm playing with my very poker I'm going down That's quite a distembed Why? He's sometimes Help me out Help me out Yeah, he'll be Oh Oh He's a pretty good Almost there She's going on day Oh, my baby Oh, my baby Why did he say Why did he say Oh, my baby Oh, my baby Oh, my baby Oh, my baby Oh, my baby Oh, my baby Oh, my baby Oh, my baby Oh, my baby Oh, my baby Oh, my baby Oh, my baby Oh, my baby Jesus Christ Warning We have mercilessly taking the following material out of context Without endorsement or permission from those depicted Is our ongoing mission to make everything that is good and decent look as ridiculous as possible We hope we reach that goal Or at least major lap Friends and distinguished guests Simply put President Bush can raid only at the most basic level I'm working with the variety of organization of organizations to achieve President Bush's great goal. Learn basic vocabulary words. Education is a top priority for President Bush, and I presented him with a children's dictionary. I'm proud that my husband, just yesterday, he said kindergarten. Because education brings opportunity, our public schools are open to every child in America. And President Bush, thank you for your help. And you're welcome. Talks 24 or 560 WQAM. Sorry to interrupt our big ones, they didn't know what our book, we got this important number down to Brightside. And George just put a bag over and said big improvement by the way on the Brightside, because see you want to take back that apology I would think, because otherwise we'll go out and kill some people now. Start it with my dad. Because his numbers weren't any good, they sucked. It's not that he had good numbers, they just weren't as bad as we were like, I hope I may think in, you know, expecting. Like everybody in the building was celebrating, I mean expecting. For example, between 6 and 9 a.m., in men, 18 plus, where the hell is it already? Jesus Christ, Maddie, where it is, 6 to 9 a.m. 18 plus number 9. Number 9 in the market. I'm a sportsman. That's our, an amend show number 9. Okay, ready for that? I got it. With a 4 point. Oh, from 9. Are you interrupting again? I would never. From 9 to 1, I'm trying to give you like a little boost here after this race. Had a hit a 4 point. Oh, I see. Good for number 9. Men 18 plus, we were number 1. Little George was number 1, many 18 plus with a 5.5 share. And I had just loaded the gun. See, there you go. I don't load it right now. 2, 8. And. Men 25, 54 for example. How did it all mow do in a morning, men 25, 54? Number 8 with a 3 point H here. That's pretty weak. Pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty weak. 9 a.m. 1 p.m. George, coming number 3 with a 5 point 1 with a 5 point 1. Well, it's better number 5 lucky to last summer. Yeah. So I used to have two spots by being on like two or three shows whatever was during the summertime. Didn't know I'd not have in tapes this year. Right. But. Well, that's a little like it. Not a like the tiniest level of bonus for me and me. Oh, yeah. Yeah. That's one of your throwback. Throwback. Half a five bucks. Just like a minnow throw right back like Newton Minnow. I'm like a rock in the water. So there you go. Just when you got me singing a big tune here. We thought we were like kicking real out. Are you working as well? Come to find out. You were eating as. That was the problem. I'll be calling in hungover tomorrow. See, here's a message for all you kids out there. It's a lot better to kick ass in life than to eat ass. Much more preferable. Okay. Make a lot more money and the win-lum or respect. And, uh, etc. By kicking ass as opposed to. Back to eating ass. Oh, God. Right in the middle of my game pizza toppings here from Tony's. 26 past don't start. I mean, I just tried to bathe. You looked like you were about to say something really. Yeah. Yeah. Anything. Every. Really disgusting. And let's face it to the end to the more on hour at nine o'clock. You'll hear more. You've got to point at nine o'clock hour killer. Which means, you know, how it's firm. You just cannot compete with, uh, you know, but more you can compete that Howard. We're not supposed to be competing with more Howard. We're supposed to be like a team. Don't you understand what we're talking about? No. You're supposed to be a team. You're supposed to embrace him. Not make a lot of those silly plaid pants and a verticals veins. And that ridiculous powdery to pay. You're supposed to embrace him. Say, what can we do for you, brother? Father. Gramps. 27 afternoon at 5.60 W to Q. I'm a material about Oliomed once again. Oliomed Mediterranean formulas are advanced combinations of pharmaceutical rate olive oil. And in those little capsules, amazing enough. They jam a whole bunch of good stuff in there. Fidemen's minerals, urbles are other nutrients. Signed to every design to provide natural nutrition solutions to help you support specific health needs. Look for Oliomed's three new formulas, which are sleep, weight management and coq 10. I'll be using the benefits of the finest of purest olive oil in the face of the globe. Oliomed's an outstanding product that's available all over time. Pick some up at publics, encourage wall greens. If you'd like to get more information about what they are and what you, where you stick them, call their tool free number. 1-866-Oliomed. That's 1-866-665-3663. And of course, you can also order Oliomed products online at oliumedamerica.com. If you visit your nearest publics and buy an Oliomed product in data-brower, you can get you a coupon for a free, Larry Cocoa bottle head down while supplies last. And don't forget to visit their sampling forbidden that sports town each and every Sunday when the dolphins are playing a home game. Pick up free Oliomed samples and pop them right in your pussy. 5-8-Oliomed local. We're sports radio 5-60-0-8. You a-yeah. Pick an essential coronu roll that you a-m. 3-8-Oliomed. 3-8-Oliomed. Here we go, are you okay? Wow, I was trying to take my morning tea and thought like I was on fire. O-O-O-O-O. Sounds like you might have an STD. STP? You mean I'm being motorol? No, in STD. You know, a sexually transmitted disease? I think you've got it from the STD chip on cocaine held on the cola. Harold been? Did you forget to wrap that real scoop? But we only did it once. That's only takes a big step. Now you're not to go to the doctor for some medicine. Wow, looks like I learned a valuable lesson today. My name is Amy Cierring. Take some data fairy. Then go to the studios of the channel 10B. On the... My good idea of shale shale shale. I wish you might buy what you should do. I wish you'd buy. Join us tonight for a special report on the hunting of the channel 10B. Good three boys, have a good start. There, good, good, good, good, good, good. You'll be here for a great, great, great, great. Then you'll be, you know, and it's a good new and it's very well done. Three boys, have a good start. My cocaine shale shale. You'll be with me, yeah. I'm fine. I wish you'd buy. It's a good shake and a good taste. It's a good start. It's a good start. It's a good start. It's a good start. It's a good start. Why would this boy's eyes popping out of his wound on it? Turned it up to the shoes. Very very hard, doesn't he? How high a witness do I turn it up to the shoe? Why would he know? There's a good thing in the world. How there are no trace-munking rooms, Selling a molder, or feeling the strange effects of all the traveling, and eating in cheap restaurants. Oh, moker, it's going. I need your help. What's up? What's up? Something's going on inside me. I feel like I'm going to explode. It's like smiles. What do you do when the forces of nature turn on you? Scully? I'm feeling it too. What can it be? I don't know. My room is filled with a stranger, Roma. My two. Hey, Mom! It's like smiles. We'll scully and molders your mind. Must get too bad through them. It's like smiles. It's scully and molders first encounter with an unidentified, a floating object. What is this? I don't know. It's a materialized in there. It's like smiles. Hey, it's better than the rest of the craft once you're in. Coming up tonight, inside the behind the true honey with celebrity music biography profile story. We take a good, hard, stiff look in the start-up. They get boring old white people, a shot at radio glory. They... ...we're reflexive. The ballad takes a bad sight. The ballad takes a big deal. The ballad takes a big deal. See, at the start of the song, we say, the politicians are now DJs. We've let's lead singer, backster, explains. The band did not expect their song to be a hit. They wrote it simply to promote their DJ fantasy camp for aging politicians. These repulsive, dried up people spent their lives in public service, but never experienced the sexy glamorous world of spin in the hits man. Tonight, you'll hear never before played segment. Taken from the 1983 DJ fantasy camp. Like then vice president George Bush. Yeah, baby. That was Elvis Costella with every day, our right in the book. It reminds me. I have got to teach my son George W. It's a ring before too long. Now let's go to Oliver North with traffic. Also with the mic. Was Bill Clinton, then Governor of Arkansas. Alright. That was Duran Duran with Union of the Snake. Now in a gal out there that wants a union with my snake, we're taking colors 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, even six Margaret Tetra got in on the act. That was singing, Dapa, with girls just wanted to sing. That was singing, Dapa, with girls just want to have fun. I'm going to record my own song. Yes, and call it girls just want to cut back on social programs and scared of working classes. Oh, Johnny Good. The reflex DJ fantasy camp. Oh yeah, it's the politics of, ooh, feeling good. It's a big juicy, sobbing wet-lucked show business. Tonight, on Inside of I. Oh yeah,ゼnd--A Yeah, sweep the floor with dirtylings It's not as cold as food... Anything accented with the same cold innang inside me in my dryborn house. They play a fun part. A song that was over 40 times. And I actually saw you dig in front of my bed, I got beans on my nose, nobody knows that under my blows I wear empty hoes, but that no means, that I'm gay. If you think my arms are bad, you ought to see my legs, I might as well keep on smoothing shaved, the show little glass, the next time I'm raping him. I could go to a surgeon, but that's his me to give us. I wouldn't want to walk out looking like Joel Rivers. Oh, where am I? I might have loved me, the fat little freak, I did him a favor, now we can afford the beans. The reason I dismissed that snake and fat bastard, is because he wouldn't shut up, then he can't play conester. Oh, somebody talk from our rap. I raped in your talk. Like, look at me, I'm hit hit, I ain't no square, I'm a thing done, daddy man, I'm really dead. I ain't, I ain't what I want, I don't care. Especially if they make me flip my wig later, smelly green hair. I've got to hide myself, it even happens to the grapes. Westwin once said you could add a hair loss, we break your legs. So now I sit by the pool, life's as good as it gets. With my paladin cocktail, placing bits on the gins, and paradigm, paradigm, and his company's ass in paradigm. I'll be sure that not the screw gets when I get the chance, but the cleaners aren't ready with my line green pants. How long does it take? He'll be calling for Blake. And we're just a little thought, so what I love this day? I guess he gets funny when I'm not a selfish buddy, I can do what I want, because the management of loves me. You're my type, though. Now I'm afraid, now, now. Who's, who do you go? I don't take no for an answer to that. But it's good, not you. You're gonna get out of this. That's it. Put the door door. Put the door door. Put the door door. Put the door door. Put the door. Put the door. Put the door. Put the door. Put the door. Put the door. Put the door. There's moose man. And I cannot respond. Okay, well, that's okay. We don't bother us. We're used to that. Keep it on for half our hands and said, God damn thing. This will make you feel even a little bit better, George. Try to boost up George's morale, though, because he's down in the dumps, because he's show sucks. But anyway, pills or gun or razor blade. Gun is easy, quick, painless. In fact, we're going to send you up to DCVC area for a couple of days. I'm going to do one of the big red shirt with me. Anyway, listen to this. It's 9. It's 6 to 9 AM. Men 25. 54. Not only do he have only a 3.8 year. His average quarter hour person's in men. 8700. You had average quarter hours. 20,900. Oh. See? Don't I make you feel better? A little bit. Yeah. What? You even beat out EDR. You beat out the swastation. You beat mo and swall. And po. Because she ain't on anymore. And Joe, because they had terrible undersover night. Right? 3. I beg you, pardon? Number 3. In men 25. 54. You're going to be a 5 last year. All right. I guess I should. I'd like to put you up by your bootstraps. A couple of points. See if I wouldn't have been sick that much in August. There you go. We had a death nail on our request. I know. So it's my fault. Recruest for one. Always look on the bright side of life. No, seriously. I mean, take a look at that. Because he's going to be blowing a horn to Mario. You know that. Oh, well, you see that. God damn. Just goes. Lepipes. He's going to be saying how they did. You still kicked his ass. Okay. I mean, you did not. So good. But, you know, and of course, if I wouldn't have been back in September, one can only begin to imagine. Because we saw the breakout for September was a pretty good month. So what could we imagine how calamitous it would have been? But, of course, this show is one thing that eat ass. It's another thing to talk about it, you know? Just like Bob remote told me. It's a one thing for square to be doing. Bro! I think we're going to be talking about it in public. See? 19 before one, it's 560 WQM. He got a nasty bald spot like Boca-Bron. Boy, you ought to see the light shining off his head. Man, he uses wax. He's like the lighthouse Edison. There's at the other way around. Well, something like that. Anyway, if you tried to look in like that. If you tried having like a powdery wig, different shades every day, maybe he's just got a comedian wig like witchener. The old man, which wig. Maybe the same one at Louis Rukas, or where's an alternate sundays. Pick up the phone and call Chuck Alphiari. Get some real hair back. Because his natural hair line system, that's the difference between his system and every single other one. All the other ones, it looks like a wig. Charlie looks like the real hair is growing out of your scalp. That's why they call it the natural hair line system. Get it? Yeah, good. Pick up that phone and call 1-800-3-2124-13. Imagine all the arages you'll get yourself a Twitter alogiscum after regular price. And all you got to lose is that disgusting bald spot. Because Charlie guarantees his work for our 30-day period. If you don't love the way it looks in the fields, if you're not getting ahead like every 15 minutes, just bring your hair back and say, hey Charlie, how about the money back? No problem. Call today 1-800-3-2124-13 and get yourself a natural great-looking head of hair instead of some mouthy-looking two-pay. 1-800-3-2124-13, or log on to CharlesAlphiari.com. My life and love all six is 4-3-05-64. You're way away, yeah. There's a butt-ass melon. What'd you guys have my ass kicked a dinosaur? Okay. Just for fun. What'd you have on my back? Okay. You're gonna feel fine. What'd you in me? You're gonna feel fine. What'd you in me? What'd you in me? What'd you in me? What'd you in me? What'd you in me? If I touched your lips? What'd you love? If I hung your hands? No, I just died. If you did the thing I love? By invading my world. It was just like a silver baby. Oh! I know it might be a special thing. If I be easy around you, baby. If you could find the K&Y. If we'd dance, would you unlock the advance? Huh? Would you play if I held my thought high? Oh, darling, please. Make me feel fine. Pretty big. Oh, darling. Oh, please, and baby, my world. Oh, darling. Five, six, eight, W, Q, A, and presents. Leave it to me. Starting whole how it did as well. All it, as gay Carlos. Speed it, jankles, steam, as well, eh? And Ryan Lugden as Lubby. I'm home. Hey, where's the hatch there? I ain't got no place to hang my wiki. I'm old, kid. I had another piercing accident. Watch out for the photo. What is the beast cleaned this up? He's upstairs with Wally. Keepy. You better clean that pee pedal before Moge at home. Um, gee, I don't know Wally. It's kind of easy. Ha ha, so? You didn't clean the pee pedal, huh? Yeah, fat little bastard. You tub a lot. You're walking. Goi, though. Told you he gets all done. Be so hard on the bike. Hey, come here, beast. Time we had a little chat. Um, I don't know. Okay. No, you don't say anything to lump through what the standard. Okay. I said not to lump the broken, but you stopped. But I doubt right, that's it. Remember my friend here? Mr. Boat. Oh, Boat. Oh, no. I don't know. I don't really stop. I said stop it. You should come out. You'll pipe smoking, Boat. Okay. But don't stand there. The window. What for? Culture, my fault. Ta-da! It's 11 before one at five, 60WC. We got the man dog, the highly rated gym man. Oh, right. One to three this afternoon, boy. He is a star. You better thank him. You better personally go and get some. I'll kiss him and she'll make what one. Kiss him, my boat cheeks. And then the Humper would did just fine. What do the Humper do? You know, the six to seven hours sucked. It did. Yeah. That's probably because we'd in five and six when we got that Bino one there. Everybody turns it off by six. The after-romo of Bino. Because the six to seven hours was really really way comfort. But like in man, let's see, how did the Hank do? Three to seven five five, a five, a five, a five, a four, eight, and a three, five. The sixy. He went out of gigantic book. He had for that awful sixy clock hour. We'll find somebody to blame for that. Oh, you know what? He wasn't on the sixy clock hour. Most of the time he was on the six thirty and then we had that Marlon crap all summer long. Yeah. See, the freaking Marlins that I noticed some people are stuck on up to again. They're a killer. They're a killer. Just ask Bill is Diller, man. Who's doing a concert in Manila? With very Diller. Which one has the Tony? Now let's see. What about men 25, 54? The Humper's got a throw is a five six, a five one, a four seven and a four four. Which at last hour was his weakest in again because six thirty to seven was the Marlon. Screwed a Marlon. Ten me four one and five, sixty WQ. We're trying that we need drag concepts to come in here and do a job on us, you know? Clean us out on my shirt. Oh, George is pancer like covered with the brindle brown material. I'm not really sure what it is. And I'm positive I don't want to know because I still haven't quite finished lunch, but nevertheless. Anyway, drag concepts will get brown and green and any cover crap out of your carpets. And make them look sparkling just like brand new because they dry clean your carpets. And let me tell you for the 80 million time that the only people in the world who do this, they're un-matable. They suck out even the deep down dirt way down in the fibers of your carpet, which makes them look and smell and feel just like brand new. They smell and many fresh. They're a dry and a couple of hours and you'll have the biggest smile you've had on your post since the last time you got laid last month. A couple of months ago. Anyway, pick up that full and a call and don't forget to give your written guaranteed price before they start the job. If you want to check them out of that wicked worldwide web, you can do that to a WWWW dot dryconcept.com. But when it comes to cleaning your carpeting, your furniture, your draper, your repository, anything you got. Led their cleaning, oriental rock cleaning and repair water damage restoration, pet odors and more they do it all. They'll do a superior unbeatable job. And like I said, a written guaranteed price right up front. And Broward called dryconcepts at 954-370778. In date or Palm Beach, 1-800-248-5071. That's 1-800-248-5071. Be sure to tell that old mode told you to call dryconcepts. And low. This is 4-056. 2-012. Yeah. So, calling. Roll another part. Yeah. Oh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You got me. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I was gonna clean my room. Until I got hot. I was gonna get up and find the room. But didn't I got hot? Oh Oh Oh Th Quem Lose my key지 Reverse Se insta And I know why I'm making a cake, Cause I got a girl like her, Think I like her, Let her have the stuff, I'm always stuffing in the song, Cause I'm her, And I'm making a baby, I'm singing this whole thing, I'm making a girl like her, Bring her out, Think I like her, Think I like her, I still want her, Think I like her, I'm a wild, Think I like her, Think I like her, Think I like her, Go, go, go, Are you alive on me? I'm dead, I'm dead, I'm dead, So I see we're gonna have to do a lot of work, We're gonna have to do something bad on this, Cause I'm a couple more friends, I'll just go disappear, And I'll see you in the event, you know? Sam thinks I'm sitting here thinking to myself, If Mo had a 80's here, Which, you know, he didn't do good. He did poorly, Not as poorly as we had hoped, I thought, But, uh, poorly, But if he would have an 80's here, It would, Nothing would change, you know? He's an ass. Right, one way or the other. Cause it's business and personal, In his case. I got it, It comes in a ton of blows in here, Try to get a guy to just head an unwanted baby fired. And then his, uh, blowing people down a hall like left and right, Carolyn and the beast, All the good people, Does blow him all over the place? Too much blow him going on, you know? Let's see how the numbers come out here on the pool. Those are the important numbers. 463 votes have he do the reason Mo Howard David's ratings are so weak. And they are weak. He's a pompous ass 105. I don't know why only listen to Neil 99. Who's Mo Howard David 63? He showed blows 61. I don't know. I don't listen to him 44. I love Mo 23. 4.9%. Following that? He's boring 23. Y'all these two squeaky 19. He's alienated in everybody else's audience 11. Because unfortunately, he's shown every side of the better eight and the beast bookbed guests seven. So the beast is in last place in the situation where it's great to be led. He likes that a lot. Don't forget, go on and see McElder. He's there another hour. From now on to a clock at the QM van at the Amico 341 is King Boulevard Miami. And maybe I went into a protrudacy that often play the Jets in New York with Dan Marina at quarterback Bob Greasy and a Romore. Bye bye. Bye bye. And then he'll watch your show on five six. So you can play at the Miami Fortland. He's well-arnished with the sewer of this place.