Now the Neil Roger show on 560 WQAAM Pico faction in the current I'm too sexy for my love Too sexy for my love What's going to weave me? How well? I'm too sexy for my shirt Too sexy for my shirt So sexy in her shirt How I'm too sexy for that webbing Too sexy for that webbing That webbing, that webbing, that get it I'm on the hunter I'm on the webbing I knew my wittle thing in the forest Well I'm on hunter I'm on the webbing I knew my wittle thing in the forest I'm too sexy for my voice Too sexy for my voice I put poets in my wifel I'm too sexy for this forest She very, very quiet I'm hunting webbing I'm on hunter I'm on the webbing I knew my wittle thing in the forest I'm on hunter I'm on the webbing I knew my wittle thing in the forest I'm too sexy for that webbing And pardon me, Doc Are you talking about me? Ooh yes I'm going to flesh you and use you for swippers I can die You are a mental case And you're going to put that gun down Let me go before you hurt somebody How stupid will you be, you wittle hairball You can be a good idea Sten Lizzie Boise back in town So I go out and I first Before I bought that CD I didn't think I was going to be able to find it Talk over to Sam's And I see the boys are back at Tributathen Lizzie And this is George liked it actually Yeah Which it's got all other hits sung by And performed by a whole bunch of other russ A stupid stars Feel Campbell of Motorhead Feel the Anna of Iron Maiden and Killers And the Bernie Tormei from Aziosborn Any relation to Mel? Probably a sister Rick Willes from Forner and Bad Company And just a whole bunch like about 30 different people For Roy on this CD And they also did their virgin of course Of the boys are back in town But that low and beholded my luck And the next record star went to There was that which I just played I had no extra charge 71 votes on a pole yesterday Tind Lizzie the boys are back in town Were you going to hear that in South Florida? Any station play on that? Uh No In fact, any station play on most of these songs that we're talking about? Oh no No they're not Anyway, so it's a crafter that it was quite a battle yesterday I must tell you that Arlo Guthrie City of New Orleans was second with 45 Carl Douglas Kung Fu fighting 44 Joey Scarborough team from Ogris, Merkin here That's going to make Debbie happy That's going Debbie That had 42 And rounding out the top five just Just edging out 10 years after I'd loved to change the world Mason William Classical Gas At 38, so there's the top five from yesterday Or compiling what I would call pretty impressive list, you know it? Yeah Let's see then after that, the 10 years after the vapors turning Japanese 33 Right said Fred, I'm 232 I'd say March and Vehicle 31 Oh the Starland Vocal Band afternoon to light 28 Divinals I touched myself, Mungo Jerry and the summertime A thunder-clad Newman something in here 25 Tag team and who there it is 21 21 assholes think that's the best One hit wonder in this list The assembled multitude which started out very slowly And then I played it again and gave it a little hype here on the show yesterday And did very well had 20 Also more today than yesterday, Spiral Stercaze had 20 Four non-blowns, what's up, Chumbo Wamba Tuptumpon Do you see Riley Harper Valley PTA Tom Conquin, Life as a Highway Harold Falter, my actual F.H.13, that should make Robert happy Status quo pictures of matchstick men, which is when I voted for Had only 11 Isn't that depressing? What are you gonna do? Yeah, what are you gonna do, you know? But the good news is and a book a bride I don't want to get him to press because he's already so depressing But allow the stuff that he sent me because I researched this See I could take everybody's word for and say oh yeah So it's only head one hit, but you know what? A lot of times they call a craft You look at up your billboard book Billboard don't make mistakes Except except for a question mark in materials Which I looked about how to get in that and he was a 49.45 In Sagittal Missy the Mose of Night I don't know, I voted down to you so Mr. Mark Mr. Mark, Mr. Quarfe, maybe Mr. Mark Maybe he was kind of Marky Mark So anyway status quo pictures are matchstick About crash test dummies 69 boys stand else dirty water head only in yine Godly and cream cry head only in yine And then after that it was strictly downhill Can you believe Joe Jeffrey group and my pledge love head only three? That's not gonna stop me from playing a little bit of it What happened to my S.C.D from a If you could see the mess I got here, good, golly Miss Molly I got a mess, you know what? A big fat freaking mess But that's where it goes I'm looking for Timothy by the boys Maybe I put it back in my thing here And I did not missing disk missing disk George Crawl around on the floor and see if you can find it Alright, I'll be right back Missing God damn disk Oh boy, and you know something one of the odds I remember going to find that now Any chance And the audience is saying with the sigh of relief Well thank God we don't have to hear Timothy by the boys Well I was just gonna play like in about five words I would have been enough So there's yesterday's result and then we'll put together a pool today I got I just got tons of crap today tons and tons of good important stuff Although I'm very dismayed or with the fact that Timothy by the boys that cd has vanished You'll find there you'll see why it's in here What's that? I give up Oh What the Lizzy Healbreak Oh, okay, that's enough You had your shot at it and now of course he's dead anyway For a long time So we got some faxes here to get us started I just can't handle this semester I just got a whole pile of crap Frank says and also rich factor Which I'm embarrassed for oh, you know what I did I put the wrong see? I put the wrong disk in the thing Okay, so we're saved those of you who've been waiting overnight breathlessly to hear the boys in Timothy Guess what you're in luck Is somebody songs about cannibalism are there That's enough Okay, that was much more than that Yeah, we know what it's all about if you've been through that a Zidin times already And you just want to rub it in Oh, hey, I'll be more rich factor and Frank both point out if Frank says I can't believe you left out Debbie Boone And you let up my life Well, it was only number one for ten weeks Frank And you're right We're just trying to like a block that out of our minds for obvious reasons Can everybody understand that? Uh-huh Debbie Boone Rimes with spoon and moon and june and cune And we hate Debbie Boone But it was very popular for some of those our reason it was number one for ten weeks I guess all the glam liked it Is that what it was she had big boobs So mark it down mark it down. There's the first one for our new list today You don't all I have my life by Debbie Boone And by the way, I don't care how many votes it gets you will not hear that on this show Okay Twelve minutes after nine at five sixty WQM You know, macros shopping is a gigantic a cataclysmic waste of time That's correct Because a lot of assholes get in their car You know, raining like held on there and then on the days when the sun is shining It's a hundred and forty five degrees So why to help run all over town? A waste of time and gas get all sweat it up And then get ripped off anyway When you can just sit there on your ass Do the lazy comfortable thing Make one EC phone called a dialo mattress like I've been doing for many years now Just call one eight hundred mattress They'll come and take away the crappy old worn out bed And it's such a great new mattress And whatever else you want Call one eight hundred mattress And they'll give you all the choice like you have no place else All the top manufacturers in the world they got service ceiling, Simmons King Coil And they got a deep selection each one two Shouldn't have to worry about a bait and switch Exactly the mattress you're waiting for is in stock right now as I speak And ready for immediate delivery And of course they let you pick the time in the day in the window Two hour window when you want it delivered When it's convenient for you when you're going to be there like between noon and two Or one and three and two and four and whatever else And they give you that thirty day in the home comfort trial to sleep on it And test it out the smart way too So if you want to do your back a big favor And start feeling better every day when you pop out of the sack Get yourself a great new mattress the easy smart way the inexpensive way from dial a mattress Call one eight hundred mattress right now And you'll be sleeping with a gigantic smile on your post as soon as tonight One eight hundred MATT RES or check them out What's tax-intector? The Maggi! We've days in one and one sports radio five sixty You A M Can't beat that gator meat Two fans in the register pay the big price Pay the big price Pay the big price Two fans in the register pay the big price Pay the big price Pay the big price Yes, we'll crack a snap Back looking Shake it back So we'll break When the day goes to pack Yes, we'll crack I created a monster and everyone wants to get the hot new record from shady and a top liver. I'll take it from shady to the way I figure this dude will be a butcher man and they are rap singer, a little bit of me and some more a sage figure sounds like a kind of life to make my life bigger. Fortunately, this white MC figured out how to get rid of success fully. It's amazing for shady to debating how to get rid of the more old it's me they're hating, what about this dude? No words, this CD. I don't copy things basically. It's basically the face to be in the case like me is shamelessly doing things lazily and crazy. You buy my music face, boy. Sure, don't hurt empty because of me. Now, if one's no wheel job for me to write a tune for my CD, you should get the song right actually, page up from minutes. When I release, I keep things easy, layerically with the rhythm based on simplicity. Then I sit and count my royalties, score shelons or empty because of me. I would have been bad taste if I said that I would pay to watch Eminem rape Debbie Boone that would be bad women. No. Who would be that? Anyway, Bonnie Tyler somebody says total eclipse to the heart. Now, she had three hits, sorry. Nice try, but she had three hits. Looked up in my book in my billboard book and my billboard looked all make mistakes except about what was his name. Gee, you know, I wrote that down somewhere too, just to make sure I'd have it. Rick, Rick something or other. He was born in 1945 and Sagittal, I'm Michigan lead singer of a question mark in the theory in 96 years. I have that here as a matter of fact, 96 years, but we'll have to wait on that. Just I'm just overwhelmed, you know, overwhelmed with crap. I'm in need deep in crap. For example, here's a suggestion from a listener. One hit wonder, it says, how about Bobby McFerran and don't worry, be happy? How about it? Well, I'll hold one. How do you remember it was the old channel four, which is now on channel six? Remember they did a TV campaign based on that song? Yes. And that's when we really began to hate both of the way. Everything can everywhere. We just started hating the whole world once they started playing that too much. Cause it's annoying, you know? Overdone, overplayed, run into the ground. I'll tell you one thing, whoever does the whistling on it, song is sure couldn't whistle like Pat Bowen's speaking of the boons. Remember, love letters in the sand? Yep. Did you know he did the whistling on that? I didn't. I wish I would. In the middle of the song, well, that was Pat Bowen. He not only sang it, he whistled it too. He knew how to put his lips together and blow. Anyway, here's a fact that has a few suggestions for us. Well, let's see, is there anything else on that scene that's worth giving a shot? I just got all this Catholic pre-stuff that things going on in Dallas. The Dallas News has got a 75,000 page report and expose. We'll get to it. Just calm down. I'll tell you what else is on here that we need to hear immediately, if not sooner, that did very well our survey yesterday, by the way. You know what it is? Oh, they put it. Yeah, that did pretty well. Something that was a novelty song, but we liked it. Yes, right? It was cute. It was cute. Not as cute as Clark Kent, but it was cute. Speaking of Clark Kent and turning Japanese, somebody better Tom don't yank that thing too hard to pull right off his body. Just think about that for a second. Anyway, here's a poll that says it's rainy men by the weather girls. I'm going to have to look that up. They don't have to. They don't have to hit any other hits. Oh, see, just like there, only here even though this is a beautiful studio they built for me, it's limited space. You know what I mean? I don't even. So I don't have the, uh, back yesterday, Robert said, where you are banging on that dump button and I said not intentionally, but if you saw the location of it, it's very possible like it accidentally dumped it, bumped it, bumped it and dumped it. What am I looking for? The weather girl. I don't even see the goddamn weather girls. How's that possible? Why somebody faxing us to lyrics to you like up my life? Some asshole, probably probably a Debbie Boone stalker. Now, let me see, it's, it's raining men's got to be in here, right? And guess what? What? It's not. It wasn't a top 40 hit. It wasn't a top 40 hit. It was just a novelty tune that they played at gay bars. Right, right. I can't believe that. And then what's your name we did it from the Spice Girls What Theals in Jerry Hall of All Read Down recently? Of course, that was not in this country. Was it released in this country? No. As we were discussing off the year before to show there's so much good music, which never gets released in USA. So, uh, tough luck. Anyway, it's raining men doesn't qualify. Play that funky music white boy by wild cherry or possibly black cherry. And you are absolutely correct on that one. And it is wild cherry, even though both are white and made a mistake on it. What both are Brian say? Ever did white and. Yeah, not the average white band. Welcome. I'm telling you, send me some great stuff. But boy, you're all over the place. I did about 45 hours research just since yesterday. Uh, getting the ones that actually qualify. Some were not even, uh, hits much less, uh, time 40 much less. So one hit wonders strawberry letter 23. Now who did that? Don't we have that in here? Some other brothers Johnson. And what did we decide? Uh, I think they had more hits. He said that way. But I don't know. You looked it up. I remember you looked it up and I can't remember. I already researched it because it's how I'm the bulk of Brian's. It just calmed down for one second. See, this is too overwhelming. If my vast staff. If I had a staff, let's see, strawberry, uh, feels forever. What am I looking for? Strawberry letter 23. I don't know. We just don't have time to pick with us right now. Oh, Mickey, you're so fine by Tony Basel. Didn't we play that the other day? Yeah, we wouldn't you did. Thank you very much, but we wouldn't dig the five up. Putting that on it. Come on, I leaned by Dexie's Midnight runners. Yeah. What about it? It was a hit. Okay, good. Okay, we got more important fish to fry. Let me before we get more of this music stuff. Okay. So I'm watching the news yesterday and they said the Dallas morning news yesterday. And of course this bishops meeting is going on as we speak in Dallas. I may be the daughter of the second. Maybe they haven't put their altar boys back in a, uh, back to the bed. He had it on head. Anyway, Catholic bishops and sex abuse, there's a lengthy article. I didn't realize quite how lengthy and expose the Dallas morning news yesterday. You can go to their website and take a look at it. Uh, the reason I'm saying look at it because it's much, much too long for me to go into here on the ear. The essence of it is this because I started downloading this yesterday and in my fax machine says page one of 136 and I said, Oh, I don't think so. I don't think so. Roughly two thirds of top U.S. Catholic leaders have protected priest accused of sexual abuse and a systematic practice that spans decades and continues today a three month Dallas morning news review shows. The study, the first of its kind looked at the records of the top leaders of the nation's 170-8 mainstream Roman Catholic diocese, including acting administrators and cases where the top job is vacant. Excluded from the study, where auxiliary bishops who enlarged diocese servants have boarded at rules, but can still vote on many matters before the West Conference of Catholic bishops. The 17 bishops who lead, Eparkey's, whatever that is, what's an Eparkey. Kathleen. Which are diocese like entities that worship according to the Eastern rights. See, I have a part in the answer to it. In checking whether a bishop had protected priest rather church representatives accused of sexual abuse, reporters Brooks, Egritton and Reese Dunkeln relied on published reports, court records interviews and church records obtained in civil litigation. Most protected priest were accused of sexually abusing minors, primarily adolescent boys, but also younger ones, and a sizable number of girls of various ages. The newspaper study also covered behavior that indicated a sexual attraction to minors, such as viewing child pornography or in one case, trading sexually charged emails with some of the priest believed was a minor. And then it goes on in the next to the 75,000 pages. And I wish I did have time because then I would have printed it all out. It's got the diocese locust. For example, the first one, archbishop Roger Schweitz, who's head of the archbishop of head of the, or diocese of Anchorage, Alaska. One of his top aides is the Reverend Timothy Crowley who left the past who was job in 1993 and the diocese of Lansing, Michigan, after being accused of sexual misconduct with a boy, church officials in Anchorage recently announced that they knew about the priest passed. See, that's just one. That's the first of about it's Zillion. So two thirds of the, this is like the Fax Grining the chicken coop is what this whole dog and pony show that to put on right now. Because two thirds of these guys are already, should be in jail. They've been looking the other way and knew what was going on and that didn't do a guy damn thing about it. In fact, moved him around so they could most somebody else's kids. I just mentioned that in passing. Frank, a dog Montero in the New York Post, one of our favorite comments on his show has got a great column. They church has blood of suicide victims on a chance. We'll get to that in a second and we'll get back to our one hit wonders. I have a play today, man. I can barely carry it. 26 after nine at five, 60 WQM. Here's an easy question with an easy answer. If somebody offered to give you hand over to you, several thousand dollars over the next few years, would you accept it? Damn straight you would. If he's stupid not to do it, which makes it really stupid, the past up the opportunity to refinance or buy a home at 3.95%. Here's the deal. There's a fanty made program available 3.95% for both refinance again, purchasing of homes. Think about it, just 3.95% and all you have to do to get the information about how this works is just to pick up that instrument. You're as make one easy call or the phone, if you like. Call 1-800-940-5363. That's 1-800-940-5363. It'd be more specific. You can borrow 100 grand with payments of only 475 bucks a month or borrow 200 grand with payments of only $950 a month. You'll save yourself a Schmittload of cash, so it'd be downright stupid to pass up a chance to do something smart like that. So do the math and do the next logical thing, do the smart thing, get the details with no obligation by calling the financial group at 1-800-940-5363. That's 1-800-940-5363. There were an equal housing lender, credit restrictions do apply and rate the price. God, where there are no loose, go straight to hell. We're taking it as an cans, I found a secret little place to lock myself away. I'll just take some time, feel it and then do it with my manhoods, write everything everything will feel alright, everything will be alright. Hey, I should feel ashamed when I'm turning butter all alone, you can't come in, you can try right now, just beat yourself, so you'll know that you have been missed up with no one else. You just take some time, feel it and then do it with your manhoods, write everything everything will feel alright, everything will be alright. You just take your time, feel it and then do it with your manhoods, write everything everything will be alright, everything will be alright. You know I couldn't find it? Why? Because I wrote it down on the sheet, I wrote it on the disc, okay. Rudy Martinez, board in 1945, and Sagittal Michigan, nice going. Finally got one right anyway. 96 years, great song, only got what it get? A few votes, I'm not going to go back and get that thing out again. Yeah, yeah, not have more than that, I think like 10. I've heard about it. I've heard about it. A lot of suicide victims on a Tans writes Douglas Montero in the New York Post today. He says the Catholic Church in the United States is up against the wall. That was evident yesterday when two heartbroken women basically accused the church at as bishops of manslaughter, five years ago these women would have been called blasphemerous, blasphemers. But yesterday in Dallas were about 300 bishops are meeting to address the church's growing, priest's sex abuse crisis, these women were sought after. People are listening thanks to the 700 journalists here, people are finally getting the message that when it comes to sex abuse of kids, the church isn't as holy as it pretends to be. When at Patterson 58 of Kansas is want to take down the church, she just wants people to know her 29-year-old son Eric blew his brains up on October 29, 1999 because of predator priest abused him 17 years earlier. Priest sex abuse is deadly said Patterson, who spoke calmly holding a photograph of herself and her husband kneeling by their sons grave. All his life he tried so hard to please God and he always came up short, we came here to speak out so others don't feel desperate and alone. He's angry because church leaders allowed her sons attack her to function as a priest, although he abused others before. Patterson as a website where relatives of priest included suicide victims can post information of what is it priest induced to a side victims can post information about their cases and document church negligence. The faces of the spiritual leaders of Catholics in New York were plastered on a newsprint page like so many mug shots. Below their names were listed details of how they allowed predator priest to infest communities, and the good Terry Light 50 yesterday was in tears, the calling how her friend and fellow victim Mary and Lovelace 55 committed suicide two years ago in Las Vegas, a priest raped her when she was 17. Light cried an hour before she and other victims were to meet with members of the US conference of Catholic Bishops and Hot Committee set up to develop a new priest sex abuse policy. She cried because when she and Lovelace met with a similar and hot committee in 1994 in Washington, the Bishops were falling asleep listening to us she said. The committee this time will stay awake. There's blood on their hands and the devout Catholics in this country know it. Right stuck my terror in today's New York post. I have so much priest stuff today man. I got priest coming out my ass. You know what? So do all the other boys. Oh brother. All the before we get back to that just we can spread it around a little bit. Yeah. To talk about good religious hate since that basically is like a repetitive redundant religious hate. St. Louis Missouri the new head of the Southern Baptist convention has rejected calls to repute it with a Muslim group is calling bigoted and hateful statements made by one of its pastors. The Reverend Jack Rayne elected the convention's president just on Tuesday said the Reverend Jerry Vines comments about Islam were accurate. Vines a former convention president who'll conventioners at a pastor's conference Monday that many of this country's problems problems can be blamed on religious pluralism. The pluralists would have us believe that Islam is just as good as Christianity but I'm here to tell you ladies and gentlemen that Islam is not just as good as Christianity, Vines passed our first Baptist Church of Jacksonville, Florida, told several thousand delegates of the gathering at St. Louis. Islam was founded by Muhammad a demon possessed pedophile who had 12 wives and his last one was an Inyral jewel. And I will tell you all eyes not your whole way either. Your whole was not going to turn you into a terrorist that will try to bomb people and take the lives of thousands and thousands of people. I guess you forgot about the Crusades and the inquisition and things like that. They forgot. Abraham, Cooper, or a spokesman for Washington based Council on our Islam, American Islamic relations said the comments were outrageous. It's really unfortunate that a top leader in a mainstream Christian church would use such hateful and bigoted language in describing the faith of one fifth of the world's population who were set on Tuesday. This is the level of bigotry that requires a clear statement from the top leadership of the Southern Baptist Convention. Graham of Plano Texas said, Biden statement is an accurate statement that he would not condemn his colleague. How do you like that? I will not respond to Dr. Biden statement other than to say that anyone who follows any path who wants to go to heaven should look carefully at who they're following and what they believe he told reporters when you merely spoke to them for the SB6 second committee. So the comments were made outside the actual meeting and that it was not the SB6 place to comment. Ingrid Madison vice president of the Islamic Society of North America and a professor of Islamic Studies at Hartford, seminary and Connecticut called called the comments, meet evil. She said statements like this from such a high place religious leader can lead to violence against Muslims. It makes me wonder what's the hateful religion right now that we should be worried about she said. How do you like that, huh? I like it. And as they just continue attacking each other or attack and attack in my religion's better than yours. Any real Christians in a real good people that I really believe is please stand up. Kind of sounds like something that John Aschrop said a few weeks ago. Remember that? I do. Yeah. Fashes pig. Right wing crazy son of a bitch. But anyway. So getting back to our good music here. See, I got to like segue. Not like it. I like it too. Bricks it up a little bit. Now what that was else was on it. I guess nothing else, huh? I wrote you down by the way, just. Well, we already got 96 tears. We did that yesterday. Okay, so let's not repeat. And we already did this one too, but since it's on here. Yeah. But we didn't, did we do this? Let's write that's right. I'm sad and blue. Okay. Yeah. I can do it. I'm lost. Are you sure? Are you sure? Are you sure? I'm not. I'm not. I remember writing this down. Well, I'm looking at both of you. I'm just saying it one more time. I don't see it. I don't see it. I don't see it. Now, even right that time, it's a silly song, but people like it. Who did it? The Pippkins. Pippkins with a PPIPKI and as Pippkins, you don't know your Pippkins, Mr. I'll tell you there right now, Guy Pippkins. No, not the pumpkins. How about the smashing pumpkins? What the smashing pumpkins said yesterday? All of them. That's what they said. People, people, and I love you. This is a great song. Yeah. All of it takes forever to get going. We listen to it before the show today. For about an hour. At the end of about 45 minutes, it finally gets going. We can do the weather report and the lost dog. Yeah. How'd you like to do the talk up on this baby, huh? Nothing a crickie, Tiki, Fliff, his cap. I don't wreck, Shaw. You're good, Guy, and our book. You're okay. I'm understilin' for a train. Okay. The guy said we've washed off that. Yeah, log on to qand.com and start playing the Twitter. Beans walk over your challenge. Weekly prizes include golfer four chulas. The grand prizes that tripped with the New York over the lady weekend. To see the marlins play the meds or log on and start playing with it today. You can log on right now if you like at wqm.com. And believe me, we're not even close. No, that was good though. Hit a post. Hit a post. Hit a post. But you hit a post, huh? Yeah. Jim Mended it, you want to clock? I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. Great song. Well, it sure took a long time getting around that, didn't it? Yeah. But this room was a war. That was it. Pacific Gas and Electric. Are you ready? Mid-Died, Mid-Died, Mid-Died. You know the songs? Yeah. Is this what we're writing this down? You bet you've made a sweet ass we are. Or you could also, uh, subtitle it like, do you be ready? But I guess it's, I guess back in those days, they didn't speak like that. What year was that from, you know? Yeah. Like I do. Are you ready? Are you ready? Pacific Gas and Electric. Baby, we got the old gas. 941 at 560, that's what John Ascrop is probably going to give a lot of folks to. The gas if they don't watch out. Hey, fathers days come in just a matter of days away now. Make dead feel special by getting in this year, a comfortable new pair of bad Levy shoes from our good friends at new balance stores with locations in Pine Cransht, Avenger and Boka where they've got fantastic and be the home of the world's best at Levy shoes right now as I speak and right now until the Fathers day by any new balance shoe and get you a free cushion support in soul. That's a $30 value free. And of course the new balance shoes that I'm wearing, see, I didn't say it right now because I'm barefoot barefoot and like Robert Parker. But I think about Robert Parker for the list. Look it up. I'll have to look it up. Anyway, when I do put on those new balance shoes and I'm out walking around on the streets and all over Schmoring around as my mother would say, especially in Amsterdam, it was a double stone streets. In fact, everybody's going to be going on vacation. There's summer almost everybody. And when you're going to be doing all that walk and you're going to have some great walk and shoes, that's why new balance is the place to get it. And you always know you're going to get a perfect fit because every time you go in there, the train foot fetishes and specialists at new balance measure it the old fashion way, the length and the width they want to take a good hard look at it and your foot too. New balance stores with three great locations in Miami's Conquest, the second floor of the Heaven to Ramal and the downtown center in Boka, or you can check them out on their website at www.miley.com and don't forget, until Father's Day by any new balance shoes and get a free cushion support in Seoul and Tom at Neal Center by, but who are they because they are. See you there. And Kathleen's G9 sweet legs and tad on Sports Radio 560. QA-Yan. I don't believe that. The whole thing commercial was childishly edited from its original form into our own preverted version. Any resembling of an actual commercial about this program is fairly adolescent and in a way of filling it with the advertiser, but it doesn't like us laugh. Is there a better way to experience intimate cleansing? Now there is. Introducing vaginal cleansing foam. It's so slow and creamy. It kind of tastes like miracle whip. It's unlike any doof towelette, wash or soap. It takes the rust off the trailer hitch. It gently cleans away wetness even odor without rinsing. It takes red wine stains off the white carpets. After all, a woman can never feel too clean and fresh. I feel too fresh. Heck, could we clean donuts on our own this fresh? New badges feel cleansing foam. From vagus. But you know what that sure sounds real good right now, don't crispy cream donuts? Yummy. 946 and 560 WQM. We got our regular lineup today. Well almost we got the Mad Dog at one Hank at three in the studio. The big at seven because there's no Marlon game I guess. Why did you pound it? Can't see you last night. Then what was it Robert? 13 to 5? See, he has no idea. He didn't pay attention that crap. You know, any K10 and Joel Marko overnight to the six. In fact, before the show this morning, Robert and I were talking about hockey. About 16 on it. Hockey, hockey, hockey. How do you like that? I probably shouldn't say that then. He'll get knocked off that morning show. Now, some of these factors may have Robert Parker and Bearfoot and did I mention it? I don't know. I don't know. I'll take this up. It would be the qualifies. Write that down immediately. If not sooner. Robert Parker and Bearfoot and. Bearfoot. We be Bearfoot and in fact, he also think I think that song he says. We be Bearfoot and then he say that. He does say that. We be Bearfoot and I think he was one of the first people to be speaking. Boo Bonix on on a also what was the other illiterate thing. Romeo and what was it? See's even a Romeo's? What does that song I'm trying to think of? I don't know. Oh, these all these but goodies reminds me of you. Who the hell did that? No, no, don't you remember that? Yeah, talked about that. These all these but goodies reminds me of you. Oh, my God. He can remind me of the desk. It's not a list. All week long. Can we put it on today? Fine. What? I don't think they had any other heads today. Easy peasy. Yeah. I love this. I love this. I love this. That's one of my favorite songs by the way. I like it a lot. I already wrote it down. In fact, I was Ben Alec Anderson's favorite song. Joe Friday on my mind. I love the way some of these people facts me. Some of these imperious kind. I mean, I appreciate your facts as very much. We love them and the set of a butt. It's always like I can't believe. And that's exactly what it says. Jeez. I can't believe you missed Goge Grant wayward wind about 1960 or so. First of all, I was like 50, much earlier in 60. Right in our timeframe, I never heard from her again says Rick. Well, Rick. Suddenly, there's a valley by Goge Grant was number nine on the charts. He had two hits. So there you go, Mr. Smartie. Thanks. Thank you very much. But you're wrong. Also, here's one. It says two songs from the 80s. Sorry, don't know what the name of the band. Abercadabra Steve Miller band. Not a number one wonder. And also Angel is a centerful Jay Giles band. I wrote those on there. Oh, I wrote the whole story. Both of those groups had multiple orgasms and multiple hits. So I have no idea what they're talking about. This one goes on the left right now. I thought we were going to head of on there. Yes. What? Not yet. Look at what he did. I double-check. Great song. I'm barely other smash. Oh, she's been here. It's a cool part by the small faces. And that is a bunch of other good stuff on this particular one. Good stuff on all of these. But this is not a one-in-one. Your chair is British invasion. By 1963 I was shouts, needles and pins. And somebody else who certainly wasn't small potato's Ned Latsahits. So we never hear his music for some reason. Team pinning. Yeah. The fact that he also got a genius. He looked a little bit like Tom Walling. Now that big of it. Do you hear it? At least in the shower. Darling. I had to say that. But if we're on some Tulsa. And maybe this could be the best song of all time. You know. Oh, great. Very. And this is just a bad recording on this. It was recorded this story. You know that? Yes, it was. Yeah. Just to stay on track. If you can park with the last one we wrote on the last song. Right. I think you only can go to this song back from me. But some of all time it is. The quote. You're recording quality. Now that's all the else. Huh? That's all the beons. Moody Blues and Go Now. Boa, tell you. Makes me want it. So right now. Oh, another really good group. Traumload. In an even better group. The Hollies. Yeah. I'm sure like the Hollies. I like the Hollies a lot. Anybody don't like the Hollies the comment is. I had their greatest hit. The old Bernoulli. The old Bernoulli. You're being deported. You George too. See the girl with similar other fanglers and some in from the door. Now we got the animals. We got to go to this place. And a bunch of there are some groups on here. I never even heard of before. And of course the very very amusing. Herman's woman. He was thrown everything that would be his life. He was here. He was here. He was here. He was here. See there was so much great music. The problem is that if you live in South Florida you'll never hear any of it. That's the only problem as you got like your own great collection like we have. Like the foundation. This is then they also had a doofy of buttercup. So we have a one-year one. And we put Telstar on or what? That was on the first list. Okay. Because it is on here but I want to play it again. What about Alan Price? Simon Smith and his amazing dancing beer. How about senior black? Answering a piece of question. Is still a silver. And I say senior silver black. Anyone who had a heart. Anyone who had a heart. Anyone who had a heart. You better put that on there. Still a high spell that. See I LLA. Still a heart. Okay. What did him say? Anyone who had a heart. I just got to say. I know. He went away at a hard. Also I've got these pages from our one hit one-year website. And I took what I did was I took 1962. And I took 1990. See what I'm saying? So we have like a. Because if we do it all from one decade then like blacks out a bunch of old people out there. Especially the punks. I mean if you're like 25, when you say like when you're about 10 years old as when you start getting interested music about. Yeah about 10. So if you're 25 that means 15 years ago as when you started listening to music, popular music and whatever. And that makes you like 87. Oh, you're laughing. But it goes to sure how old we're getting. Really old. Ancient. Even Roberts getting up there. Get a little along in the tooth. But the fact is that if you start listening to 87, I mean what do you know about the, you know I mean let's see. Listen to magic or stuff like that. And nobody listens to magic. That's what I'm hearing. That's what Richard told me. Since we got that new PD and we're we're up Schmitz Creek without a paddle. Without it without a camp. So let's see 1990 on this page. D-light. And then again, I don't know any of these songs. D-light. Groove is in the heart. Yeah. Good. It wasn't around or not. Good. It was a good dance song. Good or not. It was like you know. That was a good. That was a good dance song. Here's a man who mumbles any waffles folks. I don't want to say it's good. I'll see if a breakfast mart de waffle house. It was fine. D-light. That's with three E's by the way. D-E-E-A-D-E-L-I-T-E. Put it on there. Do you like Groove is in the heart? I don't. If you played it right now, I wouldn't know it. You didn't you'd know it if I played it. It was all I was. Candy man. Not can boots. Huh? Only the atoms get here. That was like a credit card commercial. Not a good song, huh? I never heard of that. Perfect gentleman. Ula-La. I can't get over you. Don't know it. Faith no more by epic. Oh yeah. Yeah. Okay. Faith no more is the artist epic as the song. See, it could be the other way around or it could be on epic records, which I'm sure wasn't. Got it? Got it. Khyper and TikTak Toe. Never heard of it. Kalloway I want to be rich. I remember Kalloway shows you how well I am. I'm ancient. Not as old as mold, but I'm ancient. Kalloway I want to be rich. Never heard of it. I'm working. And was it good? Uh, no, but it was catchy though. Heh heh heh heh. Well, okay, if catchy, if catchy qualifies, because don't worry, be happy by bobbing me with firm. We did put that on there, right? Yes, we did. Okay, well, it certainly wasn't good, but it was catchy. Same genre. Yeah, okay, so, what did I just say? What was the name of it? I forgot already. Kalloway and I want to be rich. He's Polk Kalloway. Oh, with a K. With a C, with a C as in C you next time, Mr. Biz Marky just a friend. I remember it. And. Yeah, sure. Okay. V-I-Z Marky, M-A-R-K-I-E, no relation to Marky Mark. What was he with? What was he with? I want to be rich. Or maybe I want to be fat rich. You got his Marky and just a friend? Yep. Okay. Let me put a little line on my thing right there. Well, this is, you know, when I first talked about doing this, I thought to myself, this is a massive mammoth undertaking. I mean, what hit wonders, there have been like thousands of them. And then I thought to myself, well, it's a summertime. It's the dorms, it's the dog days. We can kill some good time with this. Plus the audience likes it. Oh, at least most of them doing it once they don't move to them. I got, I got 50,000 stories I got to get to here today, but you know, let's interspersiate with some good cram. Right? Absolutely. Knowing I love you so. Anyone. You know, I know I looked at that up because I have my yellow mark on my CD here, but boy, it seems to me, Silla Blackhead's some other hit. You know, I could be wrong, but capital records. I'll look it up again. Just to be sure, we want to be scientific on this one, baby. We want to get it right. It may not be good, but at least it'll be right. Speaking of getting it right, yes. Did we put this on there yet? Couldn't get it right. They didn't have any other hits from this, but they. What the hell is this? I'm actually a blue band. Oh, yeah. I qualify, doesn't it? Well, for now, I'm going to have to look it up. So I can't think of any other hits. No, they did. I love you. It was number 12. Really? So guess what? Yes, what? Mr. Smarty pants. What we know is great, and that's unmatched. That's the Armadillo Cafe. Well, I remember when they first started out back when I was on Zeta. And they used to sit over that crimp relay. Oh, God, I thought to myself, this is just like dying and going to heaven. And all of the food they sit over was spectacular. Well, the good news is back in those days, they used to be in some little bum fort place over on TV road extension. And from the outside, it looked like, you know, so a lot of people probably missed out. Although they did extremely well. They became extraordinarily popular, which is why for 14 years in a row. Armadillo Cafe has been listed as one of the top. The most popular restaurants in all of our county. And other in a great even better new location, that's on University Drive in a pizza lot of plants right behind here. One imports were cities were phased to be between 5.95 and Griffin Road. Right there on University in Davy and boy, the food is out of this world. Try the appetizers like the Tequila Grill Trimpa with corncakes or the Temporal and Princess Conc. Only the best ingredients in all their goodies. Then order one of their terrific spinach salads, if you like, would blaze pecans or the pistachio-crested mozzarella salad with lemon-vaziled dressing. I'm not going to go back to the on-phrase that I can't pronounce. But I will tell you about the pancier de la Tale snack or with roasted peppers of the Seabass with sweet corn and vio glaze. It doesn'ts and dozens of mouthwatering on trays all kinds of neat unique things on a menu and for dessert the desserts will be a perfect ending to a phenomenal feast. Try the Armadillo Crayne Brulei like I said it's the best in the world or the warm chocolate fitters covered in hot fudge. Hopefully by this October I'll be have lost enough weight I can try that right on the year. Okay, they'll number you then. Yeah, they will. Warm chocolate fitters covered in hot fudge. Doesn't that turn my makes my inside warm in the fuzzy. Call the Armadillo Crayne for reservations 9.5.4.4.4.4.4.4.4.4.4.4.4. It's smoke free by the way with plenty of free parking and a compliment replaylay park in 2. Tell me that you'll send you by for the feast of a lifetime at the Armadillo Crayne. This is the way. The show in March of overnight times for trey you have six. You a-you a-am. If you blow too much you're in trouble. Deepa, die in a ros. Check through cell vents to the promises we have the sensation center in Malibu, California. After admitting she was addicted to liquor and painkillers. All right, groups settled down on cigarettes out please. Now who would like to begin today? How about you, Diana? I am not Diana! I am Miss Roth! And I ain't nobody's opening it! Let the little white chubby girl go smell like wild turkey! Now Diana let's just get control of our emotions. I am Miss Roth! And who the hell are you? A die, recta! You're trying to direct Miss Roth! I didn't listen to Alipacola! I sure is telling you, listen to you! Ain't no mountain high enough! Diana, take a deep breath in and out. We just need to get to the root of your problem. Your my problem, I'm funny little man! Stop looking to record at me! This is awful! This is more painful than we call an endless love with L'Anail Richie! How long is this gonna take anyway? I got my curling iron plugged in back my room! Yes James, you have something to add? I am feeling a little intimidated by Diana! Well, get in line little Mexican man! You can slide in, wrap your hot Mary Wilson! Wrong now! He's all down! He's all down the road! 10-03-5-60 WQM happy Thursday to you! So here's all kinds of stuff coming in on the faxes! Rico Swave by Gerardo, and I just played that the other day! You played it the other day, but I don't think it ever made it on a list. Good! Well, I thought you liked Gerardo. I do like Gerardo, but that don't make it in sing! I thought he was Rico and Swave. I like Tam Hunter too, but that doesn't mean I'd put young love by Tam Hunter, and I wasn't yet some other hits, and he couldn't sing for Kram. A Brownsville station smoking into boys' room didn't we check that out or what? I don't remember. Ah! Ah! God, I just put the book down too, because I got... And it's interesting how many of these that come in, and I look them up in a group head like 700 hits. You know what I mean? Brownsville station also had kings of the party, so... Sorry! Thanks for the try. Here's a list that's like a mixed bag, some of them are right in some of them are wrong. This is not a list of them. This is going to be an arlarist. Got it? Okay. Double shot, swing in the day, and double shot on my baby's left. Mark it down. Good song, by the way. Another one, but we already had this. But this work time will put up. Ted Newgeon and the Anboy Duce. How come this didn't get a lot of votes? I don't know. What's wrong with you people out there? I say it again. A lot of you votes have got to taste in your... Right, go! You're going to be right old. Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! You know, for my money, this is right up there with the best of money. Yeah! Yeah! You don't like this? I heard it too though. Ah! I don't like that guitar. It's sour. Commonest deaf comedies to name you are... Like Ted. Is your name of the center of your mind? Now this wasn't a one hit wonder. But I like it. You'd like to hear his dance. I do. And it's a spitting. Yep. And what about the babies every time I think of you? I like it a lot. I used to have to play that. How about the chance? The key doesn't matter. The key doesn't matter. Oh, here's the one hit wonder. Mark it down. One of my favorite songs of all times. Like the way I'm theme song. Yeah. We send that out. We dedicate that to Greg Ryd today. Got it? Last by the liquor boxers? Okay. How about... This is the one. Moments love on a toy street. Not a one in here's one that is get ready to market down. Got it down. Working too hard. The seats pushing too hard. See it's good that we got to that got all these discs because now and then poker Bronson this stuff. Because now you can write down stuff that we're actually going to chance to hear to be First-ear memories. Like, I hate listening. I like to, I'm embarrassed back then. Thomas Dolby. There's a language in my future. How about my future so bright I got to wear shades. Tim buck 3. Tim buck 3. Put that on your tooth. Huh? Okay, I get it about a long and scale of 6,000. And certainly for all our disco fag, friends. You know, he's been isolated from civilization for so long. Let's see. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Let's see. Thomas Dolby, she blinded me with science. That's it. That's it. That's it, that's it. Mine too. Choose one big trick here. This is a distinguished simulator. That is a history machine. The magnetic field. From one point to the one point it has 7. And then they got snap I got the power and Of course they had oops up and the rhythm is a day to so that one out of two isn't bad. Okay, even pie cod didn't bad 500 Here's another one that's got three out of six which is also 500 time all that be by the outsiders Which I had that here somewhere eventually would be good to it if we feel like it or not No, but they had other hits also the raspberries and please go all the way which I love that song and I liked the raspberries, but no they had other hits I don't like Mondays by the boom town rats. They might have another hit But they never made that never made the top 40. They didn't have any songs made the top 40. How did they like that? Now here are the three for the list Chickabomb by daddy do drop Got it. That's with two hyphens in it. Chickabomb Daddy do drop one talk over line by brewing ship. I thought we already talked about that. We talked about it I don't know if it ever made a list. No, it did not one talk over line brewing ship. Lee and How could we have forgotten the cool jerk by the capitals? Good way that's OLS capitals So there he goes. We're a brewer in ship Lee Yeah, my car brewer you can take it back to Lee Boy and boy Parking Stanley Madeline See George got very upset when I play this this morning because he says it's not the original cut It's not this is not the original version Robert will verify it. It was the first video ever played on MTV Yeah, but the same It's real Rogers one hit one hero That's a brewer I don't know I already should make candy you're so dad. I'm slow trying to write these legibly what were did I get brewer and ship Lee when I was a fact Was a fact that's right. Oh, yeah, listen cool jerk the capitals. Yeah, get with it Or here's been me shaping by the five Americans, which I do have that here, but they had other hits you run my mind by the we five We already had it We already had it on the thing. Yes, yeah, but we never played it though I'd like that hello, Bonna hello, Fata by Alan Sherman Get serious That was already under it lost Whoo this is some project man. I'll tell you that right now. Can I at least get to like a little a bit of this little bit of that in between all this music stuff For example from the CBS news website John Askcroft Minister of Fair writes CBS news dot com's dick mire He says who needs terrorists when we have John Ashcroft to scare us out of our pants The way the attorney general detonated the dirty bomber case this week completes his metamorphosis from a common press hogged with genuine fear-monger That askcroft insisted they had a scoop all the other terror warriors Miseries Mueller wolfwitz and Thompson and make the announcement about Jose Padilla aka Abdullah al-Mohaijir in a patty performance from Moscow shows what a camera-moth askcroft is That askcroft overstated the threat of the Padilla plot and of dirty bombs as weapons and mass destruction shows with a grieges clarity how welling askcroft is to use scare tactics to grab headlines control the news agenda and make himself look good In his Monday statement askcroft said an apprehending al-Mohaijir as he sought entry into the US We disrupted an unfolding terrorist plot to attack the United States by exploding a radioactive dirty bomb By Monday night my colleagues Jim Stewart was reporting that FBI sources were backing off askcroft's assertion That there was a specific developer real plan to use a dirty bomb in the US by Tuesday morning the deputy of fence secretary Paul Wolfwitz The administration's hardest hardliner was telling CBS news that I don't think there was actually a plot behind some fairly loose talk And al-Mohaijir's coming in here obviously to plan for their deeds by Wednesday morning Whitehouse sources were telling US today that askcroft had been chastised for overplaying the Padilla plot On Monday askcroft also said that a radioactive dirty bomb involves exploding a conventional bomb that not only kills victims in the immediate vicinity But also spreads radioactive material that's highly toxic to humans that can cause mass death and injury in truth while dirty bombs are extremely dangerous It's an exaggeration to say they'll cause mass death and injury the conventional explosion that initiates a dirty bomb can cause death and destruction The immediate vicinity of the blast of the effects of the radiation that is spread that our long-term and very uncertain Perhaps the worst effect of a dirty bomb our fear and panic askcroft did his part The crazy thing is that all Mohajir does seem to be an actual bad guy and al-Qaeda's act of interest in using dirty bombs It uncutably is a success that he was apprehended askcroft didn't need to exaggerate the threat and scarce more than necessary to get some credit for that success This is a pattern with the attorney general in October Askcroft presented over two general organs about impending active terror in his October 29th warning He said the administration's concluded based on information developed that there may be additional terrorist attacks within the US and against US interest over the next week Askcroft was gently criticized then for scaring not calming in a way that didn't make a safer or more prepared The same was true in April when he put another hastily arranged road announcements at Stiam and Pittsburgh to warn that banks and northeast could be terror targets It's important enough that there is no specific threat to any specific situation Ascroft said we're not asking the banks to close the origin people to stay away from banks So why bother to make the announcement? Well, it was a slow Friday and a good chance of leading all three network news broadcast The administration's taking heat lately for timing its news making the further its political agenda President Bush proposed the new homeign security cabinet agency just as Congress was starting its own connected dot hearings And as the FBI whistleblower was preparing to testify the hearings continues the pediatopla was unveiled Minister of Prop again to airy fly sure hates to hear stuff like that Look he said these very few people who want to make such an outlandish political accusation Represent the most cynical among the most partisan and they're not to be taken seriously go ahead Are you call a son patriotic? Personally, I think fly sure should be proud of his team's agenda control prowess They kept the whole man security agency announcement a secret they tended to eclipse a negative story Is it to give proposal more momentum in Congress? That's called politics or governing or statecraft Democrats and reporters shouldn't be shocked and a White House spinner shouldn't ride around on their high horse But scaring people's another matter and it's turning the Department of Justice into the Ministry of Fear Right CBS news is Dick Meyer 1014 at 560 WQM if you're a fear that your mattress is headed you're not gonna good night sleep and you're waking up feeling like crap and you're back as all sorts of a day Get yourself a great mattress because what a difference it makes in the way you feel when you called dollar mattress Deliver right you do or when you want them to be there the best mattress that money can buy they got Simmons and King Coil Seely Surda you've heard all these top names will they got them all and they've got a deep select to be one two So they never give you the old bait and switch and substitute with some off-brand or some actress that really don't want And when you do business with dial a mattress and call them at 1 800 macros don't forget you picked today in the tour window for your delivery It's almost unheard of any day seven days a week when you come to be there as opposed to hey just sit around on your ass all day And maybe we'll show up like most of the other companies do you pick the time like noon to two on Tuesday or one to three on Thursday or whatever How do you want and also they give you that 30 day in home comfort guarantees you can test a new mattress the only smart way by sleep and on and out with some sales Whole standing over your shoulder. So pick up the phone right now just like I always do I guarantee you they won't let you down There was to punish job for you in delivering and putting together one of the great mattresses you've ever put your ass on call dial a mattress toll free It's 1 800 macros 1 800 mA TTR ES or check them out in the web if you like it mattress doctor We're here 6 3 on spot 20 5 60 2 a and what is plate those retreat? Hi folks they paid here from over big beers house economists That's right right now. We have a great sale going on so make sure you get in here and get your hands on one of our great packages Now if you're not sure what you need your wallet. Don't worry about it We have some great sales associates down here fake Peter's house economists So let one of our final days give you a hand doors open at eight don't come to assume But hey don't hold back because we are blown all my wooden merchandise out the door over here at big Peter's house The condom now folks don't worry about slip or sales tactics and get my heart sale I'm baked beat and you have my word for not dead your here and so slide on in here to fake Peter's house Accountants and grab yourself a handful we're located on highway 69 next to the happy Calgary 19 at five sixty wqm Autized of the stuff the crap is pouring in now it's beginning to crap this facts this costic facts that you sent Yeah, you do realize what this is from don't I sure do this is the radio groupy fact. Sir. I know Neal you're getting so lazy first of all just to be spirited I don't even know I'm rather than his palm, but it's just so amusing the amount of work I put him in between check it every one of these things in his goddamn book I said he with a four book of rhyme this guest today and then spent like an hour just checking and rechecking and making sure who's not A nice I'm getting lazy right taking these silly polls every day is no excuse for a radio show Why did you talk on hit take on heavy issues like Sean Hannity and Bill O'Reilly right if I if I wanted silly I'd listen to the monsters in midday and I did to a yeah, this is the radio He does nothing to that because he facts is all day long about that. That's all he factors about is about this radio show Why did you get a life ass? Okay, who signs it how are today and believe me you ain't no more Howard? That's the one who's always right about all the rumors about the twitchy channels gonna do this and right here's an Other cost the castle Who writes hey you friggin goofball you've missed all these and this is a chronic facts you by the way trying to be a smart ass all these great number one hot The hit one is for example. He's got this one Oh and first of all these great number one hit wonders Uh-huh. I saw it. Oh, I see well at first of all we already looked that up before the show blue sweet hooked on a feeling was not the only hit I'd to write the news to sweet had another hit well I had something Jesus do I have to do it again see what I mean the same lazy this is a good to be a pain in the ass now I'm about ready to drop it and a book to Archie blyer Blue sweet Yeah Never my love was number seven They're the top of the association just like they ripped off DJ Thomas He had some other good ones on here, but we'll get to him. Okay, just put it back in your pants mr. Hanchun Here's another facts informer and snow. No, they had other hit Just got paid Friday night. It says not sure who the artist name was well the artist was Johnny Kim Lasweta called birthday suit so the answer that KLA 3 AM eternal Yeah, better big dance hit was it? Yeah Sure was that's the name of the group KLA KLA Okay, I remember KLA I've been on that here's Keith are we ready in the dumb by the way? What KLA I'm looking to the Okay, I'm not putting anything on there unless we look it up No, I'm I'm being taken the lazy way up and not talking about the heavy issues like Sean Hannity and what's in the bill or Riley? In fact, how come you're not listening to bill or Riley? Much of one we're ready to open the norm can't asshole He's on the light bulb and proud of the answer being that he can't hear the light bulb because this guy's in Orlando What am I looking for KLA KLA? Oh, yeah, well guess what what The other game eternal and justified and ancient huh KLA featuring 10 me one at reach number 11 on a chart So the answer is sorry sorry mr. Whoa Now that I have this disk on here. I guess if I was well add some of these on your list since you got this a role in so heavy duty Okay Oh, I apologize to the audience for playing like even a few seconds of this sorry Yeah, bye bye Bye bye Terry by by yeah, not here seasons in the sun by Terry jerk Terry Jax I should play a little bit of Jim Stanford, you know Huh, what's wrong with Jim Stanford? I love Jim Stanford. He had that TV show for Bob Yes, and a bunch of answers. This one doesn't qualify five years in snakes. But it's worth one way Yeah, very little want to see that trousers snake like the rocket saw baby I apologize for them rebe doing that who did the original on Jim Danny don't know Female recording artist it was on a black label. I had to record. I guess I have to look it up huh See if this bookway less than 400 pounds. I guess it's good exercise while you're looking that up I don't think we've had this on a list yet. Are we gonna use this? Because I don't think they've had any of them Baker that's who it was 1957 How's that a one hit wonder? I don't know if any other hits that they had cherry ball cherry Are we I thought we already put that on there? We already put that on there and discussed you're not keeping up Mr We already put that on or discussed the fact that it wasn't whoever a bulk of Ryan said it was it wasn't who bulk of Ryan said it was that the discussion We had but I don't think it made it to a list play that funky music while cherry Already been through this mister with number one for three weeks so put it on list and quit the dick and around okay get with it Get with it while we're listening to this Yeah We're Darren's your rock and roll hoochie coupe get that on there got it now we already had this one on the first list I believe David S6 and rock on had a full two or three but I thought since it's on here. Might as well give it a shot I guarantee a bill or Riley won't be playing this today. You can bet your life on it You can take bill or Riley and a lope with them okay you asshole up there no end if I wanted to take your radio and stick in the your act Oh mass radio groupie. There's nothing in the world worse than radio groupies. They make me cute Rock on David S6 excellent song This was not a one hit wonder, but why sure like an George was like an animal you can seem like this all of them Stingers wheel forget it already star I don't think I remember it Oh We better get your us see as we'll straighten that if you should don't know That's like a bevel from the song a little bit. I don't know the song You don't know this song mark 74 I was in boy listen listen I would I'm not they don't qualify for that reason but if I would have said that was the Beatles people would have bought it, you know Or something I think that was the Beatles. I think it was the holly's No, no holly's don't sound like the Beatles the searcher sound a little bit like the Beatles lies Yeah, I mean the Nicarboccus I'm exactly Nicarboccus and lies on a little bit like which is on our list We'll put together a damn heavy duty list today, Mr. I'll tell you that I didn't stay away from the margins again. I'm sorry Eric will get it straight now. Okay. Don't tell him short even though he gave me that bogus one Whatever what he gave us this morning. I looked it up in his full of crap. I forgot. Yeah, whatever was your full of crap Eric and of course we need that much 1026 at 560 WQA and hey this morning is a matter of fact speaking of being full of crap. I shocked your I just In fact, you know something I should have saved it for it You'd have been a bit of a serious that you'd have been a bit of a bit of a bit of time did I should have saved my volume and such a short period of time Hey, if you're tired of hassles with your cellular service Tired of that 50 dollar month plan that you thought that you were buying which winds up cost you hundreds and hundreds of dollars each and every month of your sick of that Then get on the team with team cell tech at cell tech communications They are your authorized next-tail representative for over 25 years cell tech's been providing cell Florida with a best service They take away the hassle from dealing with the cellular company not to mention that gigantic road-task expense right now next-tail shared rewards plan allows you to share 4,000 monthly minutes with free-end coming calls for only 54-90 9 so Tax-god-a-sto penis-selection by the plans no matter what your budget with most including free-end coming calls nation-wide long-business Color ID voice mail and Next-tail's unique direct connect to a radio feature So whether it's one phone or 45 billion take it for me in our own Spokmon J-feetler who's got his hand in everybody's pocket self-tuck communications Your authorized next-tail representative is the only smart way to go call 1-800 cell tech to today and get yourself connected That's 1-800-CEL-TEC-2 for sound tech communications keeping 10-jumped was adding the world's greatest every distance Sports radio 5-60 QAM Now on game board Great the weekend sleeping a video game Wow wrong when all you go to slot now all the wikers link goodbye. Oh no, it's just as annoying as the TV show wrong goodbye wrong goodbye Goodbye, I hate it Game Boy you are the wikers late and well tonight That's 31560 WQAM This is what I have to contend with okay don McLean bye-bye. I'm a Samurican pie First of all the name of the song is not by by it's American pie secondly. He had several hits right Vincent a tribute to Vincent Van Gogh member Vincent yeah castles in the year Dradle Criting which crying which we should number five since I don't have you. I mean what were you talking about then on the same facts is is can't remember the name of the song Don't turn around as wide and as soon as I saw ass wild and maybe think of George ass-wide Sounds like the name of a porno movie they're thinking of Dirk Kacer base ace of base did don't turn around No, I don't turn around as the name of their song but yeah I thought they were thinking of something else I thought they were thinking of Dirk Commissar I don't know but it didn't make sense to me and if that here's a good one. It's valid pop music by M Yes 1979 so put that on your M in pop music boy this is getting there you go any better spell as a white little spake but it was a daddy mostly daddy like that was it yeah what is to it's almost inspired me to play Louis McGelver's because you have it there it is to what's your name mose d'Ane's to word well no it's not her name is a group obviously mose d'Ane's it's not that she she's this k and Christman you think that a spikting like that would be right up your alley wouldn't you? mose d'Ane's vocal group from billbouwus spain siblings amaya is ascum and arroberto amazaga with the Jose yurian Carlos rebody and the haviera something I would eat fondred letters there from a spani out on a one you don't know it you don't know the real spix how about glory of i lower branagan oh do you say i don't know you'd have to look it on and how many we got here today we just finished one page well how else we got she also she had a whole bunch of his lower branagan Jesus and glory of gainer now I didn't even have to look that up i will survive glory of gainer must have had any trillian hits wouldn't you think i don't know about 80 trillion she had plenty i'll guarantee that back in those disco days glory again was a huge glory gainer i like i said you had two hits i will survive number one for three weeks and never can say goodbye how can i tell you know that so again the answer is thanks for the try but not kind of weak okay i guess that this i want to make sure i get all of us from these discs you follow what i'm saying of course and then of course the ones from the boat i'm writing but i i never even got to the one at uh okay right after the buckles no never got to that if you got the buckles on there yes video killer radio star what about wall the murky how about Larry Murphy how about glory Murphy what do you say good and complain about a medley of Gordon Murphy's it's because he never had any on that back a fifth of eight totally okay that takes care of that disc oh this is this is just too much too much for anyone man to have to undertake this it's a gigantic undertaking okay getting back to nineteen ninety two in a room and wiggle it did we are discussed and we did not discuss it and i don't know if any other hits by that no no it's it's it's it's not my one hit wonder list i'm just asking should it be it's sucked okay jane child don't want to fall in love Robert's notting i don't know it notting one yeah i remember that song that was a huge one hit wonder okay jane child that's with a d not like cha le like some shards or talk jane child don't want to fall in love got it got it shine hit o' Connor nothing compares to you didn't we discussed that discuss what and i was just amazed that you only had one hit i guess that was after she shaved her head that she kind of like and said all those two things about the pulpit pissed everybody off okay put that on her shine head SI any a d synaid shenato Connor nothing compares to that's the number two and letter you know we already did the divine was and i touched myself that was on yesterday Michael pen no myth is that his real name or is you know that song nope mic a line of miles in black velvet yeah big okay there you go a line of your high school and no to ends to else a l l a n a h miles m li s a line of miles black velvet how about jian i'll see you in my dreams don't know it okay mellow a s man mentorosa don't know it lightning seeds and pure don't know it faster pussycat house of pain okay like it and put it on there all right so ho hippie chick yeah put it on there that's all capital letters by the way s o h oh so ho hippie chick and lastly from 1990 you crew if you were mine don't know it don't know okay so that takes care of the uh that let me cross off that page she's you how many pages there must be at the senate the one website hundred about forty five thousand so that will also takes him from sixty and sixty two now how many more can you put on there well i have started another page so we can put another page full oh really really let's go because we haven't got any from sixty for the old parts like me because the nineties music but there was no music in the nineties basically when you can write down to it except the course for ninety eight degrees oh sorry Robert he gets ready oh I think seventy six silver and wind bam shangling there's something good intellectual at the bill or write a crowd can relate to uh wind bam shangling you ask holes got it silver at it um oh and of course George is favorite in fact George is definitely both for this oh damn it's all pretty act all pretty saying did he look really good oh no but we had one here don't give up on his face what show is he on David's soul car ski and hutch oh and did me die or have some horrible disease or something no the other guys wiped out oh don't give up on us David's ways I bet you that gets a couple of votes you'll see they like David's soul especially the faggot's gonna get a couple jeans on David Dundas I'll see if the eating center the quarter young and done Daz that how you'd be saying that way got it got it jeans and then of course could be the greatest song of all time if he asked me little bubble gum for there Alan Dave Alan Ode who sounded like Danny Asman over Dini oh when you hear him you'll say hey he sounds like Danny Asman hey that's what he does Danny's a little bit I don't know what he looked like I think he was possibly so we'll move on to the next one you got it I would cover Angel Alan today here he goes honey they be the memory of his big one wanna fly now the theme from Rocky July 77 15 years ago yo a tribute to stupidity I tell you that's what's wrong with America right there is God didn't slice the loan and people look like suck his ass and think he's like he is to what white people is to what like who would be like to black people will Smith 20 till boy I couldn't have come up with the better one if I tried 20 before 11 at 5 60 WQ we got the mad dough the angry puppy the hostile hound coming up at one hey go over in the studio between 37 and then we got the big lot of big stuff from animals agree who's a great guy knows nothing about sports he'll be on from 7 to 10 then we got any k in the gambling show 10 and 2 in the dirty boys join mark overnight where they'll be safe between 2 and 6 it's big enough to be in safe if you're fat and you're looking to go into a supermarket and you want to buy some stuff that you actually can eat it's very difficult in your conventional supermarket because most of the stuff that is loaded with calories and carbs and hidden sugars no kinds of crap but that's why the lights of west book is such a refreshing change of pace for fat people because they carry thousands and thousands of product up on that weight loss program whatever it might be they got supplements vitamins die books everything you need to lose the pounds that are killing you that are putting you into an early grave you like also carries the biggest selection of big reproduct like pancake mix bread cookies cheesecake brownies muffins and eclairs they also carry low carbon sugar free products like pasta sauces ketchup crackers candy champion like chocolate their famous carbola ice cream they got some of the best pasta sauces in the world by the way they're delicious and very low in carbs so head to the lights of west book and try before you buy taste anything of the store for free before you make a purchase and if you want just charge the rest of it to pd lany you can call 1-877 low carb or check out their website at lowcarb.com visit the store soon and stock up on all like good low carb gooddy stuff at the northeast corner of blades in 441 in bokeh and please tell me that old Neil and pd lany sent you by the lights of west book a most extraordinary store your they play like man and they look like women coming up tonight on inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story we take a good hard stiff look in the start of she made us laugh as only a decrepit incontinent old person saying something suggested can she was clearer color the old lady who said where's the beef what i liked was it where's the beef could be about a hamburger patty but it could also be about a man's private parts tonight's archive interview clear talks openly about the devil and tondra contained in the you know where's the beef could be something you'd say about a man's penis clearly Clara was not unaware of how the phrase entered pop culture you could be talking about he is crouch snake yes Clara pillar was as feisty as her unscreen persona could be a reference to his rod are you swinging we need his lizard his nodding bishop uh uh okay that's enough Clara because the soldier is poor so hard i guess stify this wait did i see that's my favorite one clear a power we had hope she would shout at the stereotype of the elderly as horny half seen a lot of jobs but well what are you gonna do it's a big juicy stopping with look at show this tonight on inside the line 1046 and 560 wqa and but this is really uh astonishing what you just see me Robert discovered the um results of the vh one survey on one hit wonders yes and you've facts me the top hundred so i'm gonna have to like revise uh i guess we'll have to put Rico swababai gerada on there because then we also was that popular okay i'm not gonna give the results of this because then it like influences our result but i'll keep lying on of these and we'll also have to add some of the ones that uh like the macarena how come we talked about that i talked about it on it i we didn't take it seriously well we better start taking it seriously mister macarena by low-stil Rio you better get there on there right now or else okay got it now let's see got how sage lot who let the dogs out by the ba ha men hmm great music we must in that great music no and what about oh yeah with this is only hit yeah i think you started looking at all of that kiddie poem right after you recorded him he had other songs surprise did it make it the de-hits let me look up here a little okay because what's all this vh one the one the it probably slotted just like both of my effects we got to think about them of course of course had a whole bunch of hits besides hang on so yeah i didn't know i loved you well number 35 so guess what here it off kill it sorry now i saw that on this list i i perused it real quick this top 100 so close to sure they don't know they're asked from their elbow we better we better look very carefully and cautiously at the thing from v a they might be using a different chart yeah there it is right that's the number 47 rock and roll part two by Gary glitter and i'm gonna put like an asterisk next to it okay because they're full of crap but in this interesting looking at the results of their thing how well because you were pooping the other day yeah yeah i don't believe it i think yeah well guess what they like it hey just goes to tell you it's people like it i didn't say i agree with it but they like it okay it's like you like we would you rather can he sing one lick sometimes i feel of god to run away i've got to get away big song soft to sell and to softer love and tainted thing now here's list a c i just don't have the time to make sure i'm not gonna stop the show when like starting uh i'll put those aside i'll be searching this afternoon i'll look up into book there's 80 million difference on here and i don't want to like uh because i got to get to my crap here man Rick deranger and his brother with a mccoyce hang on slopey now has the distinction of being weird ounce producers is boka but uh what does that mean mccoyce hang on slopey was not the only hit so guess what boka so thanks very much for your efforts and a lot of great stuff that you said but i would say like about 60% of it was not one hit wonders but that's okay don't feel bad about it and what's this other long list here that was sent wow and didn't we already just do Thomas do me and she bought him who would say just we do it it's on our list we just do it but this is a good list though and we just put on there a little slow still reo and macarana and we just put that up yes Terry jacks season's in the sun yep just put it on there mpop music just put it on there yeah oh loop baga mboh number five hey how could we forget that oh loop baga he was from hunger i mean hunger you're somewhere like that right David sold and we just put don't give up on us baby just put it on there you put it up the copying us you better put mboh number five and then it be okay uh aqua barbie girl what i see that there's a problem with that yeah they got no problem is that they had lots of hits in europe and i don't know how many of them were released here in this country i guess if i looked in the book huh yeah i just i don't want to take the time to do all the stuff because it's not very simulating it looks to be what and they didn't have a hit with that now they also had lallie pop here now that i like aqua see you haven't seen the videos you'd like i saw it you didn't like real and that's okay i got about her bald headed friend of goofy look okay here 60's now how much more you got time for not get to like do you want to show so we can put this list together we get it up on a thing how much more were me got thirteen more lines thirteen more lines folk maybe ojl b over and he can help you with some of them like about twelve like it doesn't thirty dozen get off my coke okay sixty nineteen sixty i be three and yogi never heard of it do you hear that nope low lead a sailor your name is the sea never heard of it nope run hold in a thunderbirds love you so uh never heard of it here's one the fenderman meal skinter blues put that on there the fenderman don't you remember the meal skinter blues no well i do hollywood our girls alieoop oh we don't have to have that got to have that two novelty records under can be that they like their novelty records look how good that the turning japanese music again the hollywood our giles a rg y l e s alie dash oop bob lumen let's think about living let's think about loving corny corny let's you know people like that remember that nope you remember bob lumen let's think about living nope oh my god we're going to put you back on a rubber raft if you don't watch it let's still have it you got it on there Billy bland let the little girl dance never Billy bland nope don't remember that song let the little girl dance you got to write there in the studio somewhere here is one that definitely needs to be on air and uh what that sour note and rosy and the originals and angel baby holy Toledo as Rick we were what say if he weren't dead rosy and the originals and angel baby speaking of Rick we were a bit too busy if mo was any Rick we were you know uh he's good he's good at that not too good anything else please good at that he doesn't smell like uh and they know he's funny though he doesn't smell all that cheap perfume Larry Hall and sandy i'm a radion and sandy i'm any member Larry Hall no i don't either here is definitely uh here's my vote corny's lead pretty little angel eyes how many times so i talked about that and you're i'm not sure that's right look it up while you're looking it up what was it after holy would argos i never heard of before bob lumen let's think about living no wonder what about Billy bland what about him you got it i do know look the little little girl dance do you're asking me about ones that are like four back you better uh i'm behind yeah that's obvious let's see corny's lead i'd love to put that on there but i'm not really positive that he didn't have any other hit pretty little angel on that to me that's a greatest record i was ever made correct i was it very good well i guess it should be if it's on this list this is the uh website that was uh did you get hurted like a little angel maybe got it corny's lead pretty little angel eyes got it was clifered maybe sitting boogie never heard of it nope bob more mexico that's that sucks cokomo aziminer yeah get that on there cokomo aziminer it's one's wrong uh cokomo is the group aziminer is the son and we're not putting the beach boys in cokomo on her they may have wanted to other slightly better hits trotion del and this time i remember this time i treasure chandel yes i would put it on there put that of course i spul chandel aziminer d l l very man with two ends who put the bump in the bump bump absolutely who wrote that very man he did write it any song it so you should like him very man in the jarmel is a little bit of soap Nick Lawrence's favorite song are we put that on there yeah of course the contours do you love me oh gee now we're getting some really good high spell jarmel jr mls rhymes with smells so they could probably use a little bit of soap the contours do you love me everybody remembers that the one that had that great stop there in the middle you know what i used to do when i was a district he and back then we were playing records of course and you'd reach over and of course you hope he didn't like not the needle off but you'd reach over and you'd like grab a hold of the record you know why you're playing we're doing right long pause and so it was like about a one and a half second pause you'd make it in like a ten second pause oh i love doing that Larry finnick it in dear one i don't remember that Joe Henderson snap your fingers did no Johnny summer's johnny get angry put that on there Johnny and medley of her smake how much of you got left one more and one more bruish and l and hey baby and we're hey baby no yes you do yes you do just playing hard again okay and i didn't know what to see her uh c-h-a-n-l as in channel three and then i got these other ones i have to check out thank you very much now we can get back to a needle that doesn't important stuff to make that one asshole happy wow yeah that's a lazy way out you smuck got all my feel like i just ran 25 miles with would i win star should probably play war to make that one guy happy this audience likes it soft and they like it tainted they like soft still and tainted love to do next number one by a million miles on the first one we did on whatever day it was Tuesday hey let's only gonna do this another one six seven months six seven years we'll do it as long as they're still good stuff out there that's the barometer we'll do it as long as Robertson drawing it he likes it because you don't have to take any calls although of course you know we might we could get takes some calls haven't bond with some of those people are calling them morning sure like it's just as well i think they told us the phones aren't working right now i got all my dots so do i but the phone isn't working i think they're aha so even if we wanted take phone calls we could not that i want to but i just mentioned it and passing in fact you know something folks we really wanted to put you folks on here today and take a lot of calls but we decided not to cause the phone screwed up you believe it no you're right 1056 at five sixty wqm when you shop for quality footwear two very important things you're looking for our good selection and professional service you might get taken care of but everybody's looking for price they want excellent quality and are nonbeatable price that's why so many people by their shoes at brandy's where you'll find the world's largest selection of men's women's shoes the best service in town and the best prices in the universe top quality names were not taught we're talking about not some off brands that you never heard of we're talking about the best brands in the shoe business like rock ports s a s spary timber naturalizer and lots more and whether humongous selection you know no matter how big or small even if you got gigantic size 13 or 14 feet like time welling they can still fit you out they'll stick it on there in the shoe too and the brandy's is open daily nine to line Sunday's 10 to five you'll find them at 12 90 north federal highway and pop at a beat so if you want a phenomenal selection all the top names in the shoe business and on the double prices every day this is the place for you and don't forget all this wicked brandy's men's women's rock port pro walkers only fifty two 90 this week only well black and that banana man you can count on that we daisy one on sports way you'll buy sixty q a m a it's how it how it how it David coming up tonight on inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story we take a good hard and stiff look in the start of their success welled up like posseside a pimple then burst like the pops sit they really were sending a blast of oily bodily fluids smacking against the mirror of short term fame they were the fix well we couldn't have known how right we well when we came out with one thing leads to another the fixed lead vocal aside curtain explains the law of causing effect we had a big hit song we made a lot of money we got later luck and then we put out another record the f***ing tight we went broke couldn't get laid to save our lives realized we gotten on a rear from getting laid before we took jobs and convenience stalls started drinking threw up i mean threw up a lot when in the rehab realized we had to do something got back together and now we're okay playing one thing leads to another at county fairs for all the losers it like this back in the 80s the fix if you must do what they did at least try and cooperate to getting laid part it's a big juicy sobbing with look at show business tonight on inside of the line level two at five sixty cumin are the interesting thing about that is i did bother looking up in a book to fix yes and they had one two three four five other hits not as big as one thing leads to another which has number four was on for thirteen weeks they had saved by zero the sign of fire are we ourselves sequence separation and how much is enough how do you like that huh red skies are standard fall we're not hits no they were great i've just gave it a list okay so don't argue here's a bad news for the artsy farcee crowd by the way designer bill blast dies at 79 boy bill blasts who dressed the likes of nancy ragan and barber walvers while shattering the parasentic fashion world with youthful creations that mixed in match chic and casual has died blast i yesterday this home in washington can't get a corn to joe little us of the little spune of a new millford con a friend of the designer hellin ohaigens had blast out of cancer with seventy nine it's a great loss he was an extraordinary man in a great designer said foreign malice the director of the seventh uh... on six a fashion organization which produces new york's fashion week blasts is sense of line color and style took him from a sketchy's desk to the helm of his own seven hundred million dollar a company in a career that's pan six decades and came to define american style and you all when you think of american style don't you think of bill blast all the time i do not he designed clothes for a host of famous women including first ladies and actresses who pay from eight her bucks for a sweater two thousand dollars for an evening gone blasts at a design for the woman not obsessed with fashion who cares about clothes but has a career family home and other interest i love it's close because they're comfortable verbal and pretty rag in the former first lady once said how come she never warning them the show has had that same stupid little red dress on at bitch just say no tenancy ragan okay she comes up to your ankle by the way nancy during his career blast expanded to a design men's wear swimwear children's clothing shoes jewelry and furs is denied designs were known for crisp elegance and simplicity made from beautiful fabrics with sophisticated style each individual pieces calculated uh... attempt to entice women to enter their wardrobe designer to the ap and nineteen ninety seven the woman i know have a great and have a great yellow money i'll go out all the time or closer to three years old they buy new things to add to what they have blasts who never married uh... one women over with his designs in his term in the list of this one of the best rest men in the country new york fashion guru nann kempner once and i found love with him like every woman he was warm friendly intelligent and tell me she was good looking all right by the way speaking of that i told you on biography channel the other night us all the story of a what's his name that faggot uh... name that faggot from uh... Montgomery cliff okay and guess who is always trying to fix him up with dates not with women but with men and this goes back in the early fifties list haller ha so she's been a fagg for uh... on zagman as long as we can turn back the clock she's been fixing up fags all is tailor i bet you she didn't fix uh... fixed up michael jackson with bubbles wouldn't surprise me this is a great story somebody just facts in the far get to my forty five thousand pages of catholic church stuff that that why yes we're seeing it is doing all her stuff today the dirty bishop conference that was uh... the bishop conference right when i first looked at that thing on the uh... they got the big blurb on the screen there to get you a get your attention i thought it's a church sex club and it says church sex crisis but at first blush it looked like church sex club and i thought yeah alzright detroit a tywan is man who claims to have castrated about fifty people was caught over the weekend with human testicles in the refrigerator is suburban Detroit home may not a committed any crime police say yesterday i think most people have no at least a separate set of testicles in the refrigerator don't they always good to keep extra always good to have a spare pair lieutenant Bruce Smith of the opar police department said the twenty nine year old man was arrested early senator after he surgically removed the testicles of a michigan man was later arrested a local hospital with severe bleeding what a surprise but would be doctor was really shortly afterwards however because his patient has to be castrated it was a consulting adultsmith says we're waiting for a determination from the prosecutors office to what if any charges of the medsmith said authority said they had no clues to the motivation behind the operations however many of those seeking castration do so to satisfy a sexual fetish accredited doctors are unlikely to perform such an operation performing instead of words to patient to seek counseling rather than mutilation Smith said the tywan easeman and the u.s. on a student visa and claim to have performed about fifty castrations in the u.s. and his previous home in australia his latest patient a 48 year old man from the upscale Detroit several Birmingham went under the knife on his kitchen table after the operation of two men shared a pie but when the Birmingham man started laughing you noticed he was bleeding in emergency medics were called they were having pie said Smith referring to a post operative dessert the two men have been sharing before the medics arrived at the scene they were having like a little hair pie the testicles found in the man's refrigerator allegedly belonged to a Canadian man who had been operated on a few days earlier in the back of advancements said he had a the Birmingham man apparently contacted the uh... unlicensed surgeon to one of at least two sites on the internet promoting voluntary castration there's a group of people out there that are interested in this and having it done and have it done and talk about it Smith said of the websites it's an unusual case let me say that said Smith it's the first i ever heard of anything like that or anybody around here that's ever heard of it how do you like that back from Birmingham is she gets his nuts cut off uh... and refrigerated of course chilling yeah always good to keep my nice as a gentleman bobbert probably thinking if she would just put them on ice grand jury probes twenty four abuse allegations saint louis grand jury's investigating allegations of sexual abuse against twenty four catholic priests part of a prob that began with the arrest of a defraught clergyman and marcher prosecutors said the state panels been unable to pursue complaints against ten other priests among who have died circuit attorney Jennifer joys at yesterday joys declined to release any information about the twenty four priests including if they're serving an active ministry she said most of the cases happened so long ago the grand jury's facing a cold evidentiary trial a a trail rather and the glitches with the statute of mutations they are just allegations joys said there were no charges whether or not they pan into out into charges or indictments remains to be seen the sent list post is patch first report of the news on its website yesterday in a statement the arts dicey's have seen louis said that to acknowledge none the allegations have been substantiated in other developments three brothers allegedly abused by a miscecipy priest filed a thirty nine million dollar lawsuit naming the clergyman and the dicey's objection including bishop William Hauke and former vicar general Bernard law oh yeah I think we had the yesterday anyway yes the brothers claim the abuse continued after the allegations were reported to law now cardinal of the arts dicey's a Boston or a national scandal in gulfing the church emerged earlier this year in Detroit prosecutor sent statues to limitations of the factors of prevent authorities from charging eleven priests in the arts dicey's of the treacherous abuse three of the priests have died said Oakland County prosecuted a vigor cica and another case the alleged victim to cladical operate a grand jury issued subpoenas to the arts dicey's have lost angeles ordering church officials to turn over the first now records of three priests under investigation for all that sex abuse district attorney Steve Kooley turned to the grand jury after arts dicey's lawyer refused to release the documents on the reverence michael steven vaker michael wempy and david grand adino through them to calling themselves the friends of wickland are trying to raise money to be paid part of a former molyarchy art bishop rember wickland's four hundred fifty thousand dollar settlement with a man who accused him of sexual assault grew up in the old out nearly three hundred letters to their friends since forming the group friday each asked for a thousand dollars but the group was a set that he amount like eight or nine cent so that gets you up to date and of course they're holding their meat and balances we speak other defense was ones in american society they are saying this of the priest women religious and lay ministers who built vast expanses of the social service infrastructure of this nation and contributed to some of its most glorious uh brother look at all those geckys there man are you on c&n nope hop on it right away on channel fifty four there on your cable hop on fifty four man what a bunch of geckys i don't think even build blast ever saw so many guys in a dress in the same place rest in peace ten past eleven at five sixty w q a m you've heard me talking about a big one speaking of the priest convention air how about the haven't been one for yourself that's right in just for sure months you can have a big impressive paycheck if you're not burning a crap if you're making like uh robber's making about two bucks an hour get the yourself a job or even start making some real cash the demand for certified computer professionals is through the roof pick up the phone and call a folks at past rain toll free eight six six fast rain because summer classes are forming right now as i speak and if you call now you can be certified in a brand new career before summer be over past rain offers micro south certified instructors for convenient locations including that brand new campus we've been talking about in job placement assistance day and evening classes too and for those individuals whose job was affected after nine eleven fast rains and operation paycheck training provider call fast rain at this toll free number one eight six six fast rain or check them out on their website at fast rain dot com and like i keep telling you that can have you certified and ready to start making some serious money in a brand new career has soon as in four months from right now so column today you have nothing lose but that crappy a no money job call one eight six fast rain and be sure you don't miss really pop a drive that What's with him anyway? He's a where-looking dude that looks like a retarded Michael J. Even though that shack is a big dude. When he runs up and down the court, he looks like a buffoon. He says he's a naplate or rapper and a thorough poet. Yeah, that's what he thinks. But he's just a goof that plays the hoop with that jackass Kobe. And every time I turn on my TV set at my place, I see the shud he's got that dope be-look on his face that shud guy. Shud guy! I can't help but laugh at him. Every time that dummy makes a rap CD, no one buys it. And if this eyes were any closer on a stomach space, He'd look like a down-sim-jump kid that dribbles to ball with one eye. You can get it in a Cinderella by my dad when a kid hits it in selectively. Best of all that stuff he made from cigarettes at high five 60starn Security. Most of all, degrees pitch and auditors, Dynid funeral mass, notorious mob boss John Coddy will be in Turdon-Abroman Catholic cemetery alongside his son, but his family was denied permission to hold a funeral mass for the convicted killer. Coddy responsible for at least five murderers during his bloody reign atop the Gambino crime family, will not receive a mass of Christian burial of ever an end-ru of a curry, Chancellor of the Dynisies of Rupon, said yesterday. Instead, Vacari said in the one sentence statement, there could be a mass for the dead sometime after the burial of John Coddy. Coddy died of cancer Monday to prison hospital in Missouri of the late 19th century, but the decision on the massacre that was made by church officials after the Gaudy ordered murder of his Gambino predecessor, Big Paul Castelano in 1985. Castelano's family received permission for a private mass after his burial, but was denied a funeral mass within the body of the church. With the body in the triad, like that, otherwise they don't want his body inside the church. Maybe out on the step, on the stoop. But unlike Gaudy Castelano was also denied burial in Catholic cemetery because of his life of crime, Gaudy's remains removed from the Missouri prison on Tuesday for their eventual return to New York and his family which has been splitted by federal prosecution. Two of his brothers has son and ex-son, Laura Jald at the time of his death, another brother and an nephew were under indictment. Coddy will end up in the family muscle team that holds his son Frank who died in 1980, age 12, when he was accidentally struck by neighbors' car. Members' neighbor that we talked about, they got murdered? Yes. Mysteriously, John Favara. The Muslims in Saitan John Cemetery in Queens were an assurment of mafia figures found their final resting spots. Those buried at St. John's include Carl Gambino, Carmine Galante, Vito Genevase and Charles Laquiluciano, and of course, D'Avito Colione. Once there's an aspen to not say why Gaudy was deemed qualified to be very in the Catholic cemetery, in addition to Castelano and Gaudy, the church is denied a funeral mass to other mobsters, Galani and Gaudy under boss Frank the Tico. At issue as a church precept called scandal, the idea that by granting a funeral mass to someone who lived outside church teachings, the wrong message would be sent to the church faithful. Oh my God. Thank you. That's the conference in Dallas by the West School and I right now. But I guess I guess you must be listening to the show in one earpiece. It's just bad timing from the die right now, okay? Because the world is watching real close. The denial is not a judgment on the deceased lifestyle since the church believes that only God can make that determination. So that's the excuse for taking his money. But when I started to say before I read that was in reading all of the New York papers except the times, of course, which is too stud, I didn't read anything about the Goddien the times, but the post and news day and daily news. Every columnist and most of the stories were like, they liked him. Right. Does that surprise you? Because he was a snappy dresser. I bet you're bill blast. That's probably why Bill just finally gave up, you know? Give up the battle. Maybe his best customer just died. In Howard, this is by Steve Dunlivian yesterday's New York post and it's just amazing to me. He says in Howard Beats, the colors are breadbite and blue of the best flag in the world as revered as much as motherhood. Under that flag stood 14 year olds Brian Sakko and Mike Fauci clutching a $15 spray of flowers. The boys, students at MS202 left a simple note in the flowers, sorry for your loss. Sorry, Mr. Of course, this was on a corner of 160-1180-50 Howard Beats where the boys were going to drop off their respects to the Goddien family. Brian, no, I never saw him. My grandmother once pointed out a son John to me. All I hear is that Mr. Goddien kept climbed down. Out of the mouths of babes. They brought their offerings to the Burgat hunt and fish, bloody Supreme Court of Goddien's rulings. Richie Goddien, John's brother, came to the door at 150 pm and was extremely polite and was proud that this neighborhood was so patriotic. His older brother, Pete, a former sanitation worker, wouldn't talk to me because he's in the slam. Outside the club again those wonderful flags of the US sent by well-wishers, but Carmine Romeo said something that struck me with stunning irony. There is no better flag than that, but who works behind the cover of that flag he said. The same people who believed known felons like Salvaturgrafano, these people behind this great flag promoted Gravano and did this to John Goddien. Now before you think I start thinking I'm a website called JohnGottieSimpathy.card.com forget about it. Goddien had a new time because the bureaucrats who are high behind that flag said so. If I were a judge and thankfully I'm not, I would have given John some jail time, but locked in a tomb for life and led him to die like a dog where he's giving more scot with his fingers to the arms of his loved ones to say to her, he knows who's talking to him. This is a disgrace. Guard's taking written notes from Goddien to say to his wife he loves her. This is a disgrace. Those people who hide behind that flag is that justice for which we love that flag asked Carmine Romeo. Romeo had paced in a dollar bill to the door of the hunting fish club and he said that dollar represents how generous he was. I left change underneath that represented the poor people he helped out. When a woman was burned out of her apartment, he got a renewing and paid for redecoration in rent. John Goddien's steering generous was bigger than New York bigger than Hollywood bigger than any one of us. He said, Now while I think Carmine's going overboard, what the hell would we all be doing if it wasn't for the John Goddies of the world, we'd have newspapers that focused on the stepper or steppered wives. What would the De Niro and Pachina McCapollons grow sazy going to do? The fascinated by these good fellows, although they may be bad fellows, I asked Richie what's the best memory of John Goddie. I was lucky enough to be his brother, he said, Richie old son, your brother was a wise guy, but I'll miss him too. Right, Steve Dunlavy in the New York Post, they're just amazing to me. Yep. We like, we like the mobsters, man. We like them. We're obsessed with them. I don't care what anybody says. Yeah. We weren't happy when sunny Goddien on a causeway. The Pelelemo says, what is bad hair piece, you know? We're gonna like that. Oh, you're pissed off. That's right. We like the Coyote family. Because they were family. Right? Right. And Mavacoyote made a hell of a pasta. And some ends of me to hell of a sauce. First you've got to throw in your sauces and the sauce and you need balls of wine, your sugar, cut the crap. I like that one. St. Tina says, cut the crap. He's still in the sauce. Itless and Flamens are couldn't keep all that weight on without being a good Italian cook. You know that. Right. And of course you got to you got to bulk up a little bit because you'd have no longer ID how long you're going to have to go to the mattresses. Huh? I guess you can always get take out from Luis in a Bronx. More on that story we've been talking about in Tontan Mass. You know, these have a dog track in Tontan Mass. I'm on if they still do. I'm at your the beast would know. A stone called Adel Burrow cult leader admitted yesterday that he intentionally starved a son to death over an excruciating 51 days in 1999 to fulfill a twisted religious vision that he now says was wrong. This is the latest on the story about the assholes that starved a kid to death. It was a product of a lot of mistakes in misunderstandings between my wife and I, Jacques Robito, said of his reason for sticking to the bizarre prophecy that led him to sit idly by as a son Samuel's side slowly of malnutrition. We're in past court appearances, Robito's been defined in arrogant, sprouting anti-government propaganda declaring sovereignty. Yesterday he was contrite and humble. He choked back tears during three hours of testimony in Tontan Superior Court during which he accepted full responsibility for his 11 month old son's heinous death. Remember those cookies heinous heinous heinous? Hmm. The buck stops with me. He answered flatly when asked by prosecutor Waltershe if anybody also the cuff forced him to stop feeding his son. Robito, a 29 year old graduate of North Adel Burrow High School explained that his wife Karen was distrutt by their son's weight loss and wanted to feed the boy but it convinced her to adhere to the deadly plan because the group thought they were following God's orders. Kind of sounds like our friend there in Texas. What those are named a killer five kids? Um, yeah, that's when they forget. Yeah, that's right. What's your name? Yeah, my robbery. Yeah, yeah, and Ray Yates. Thank you, Robert. And her husband was the nutcase with a religious crap and talking to living living in the trailer and all this other crap God, to involved in that friend of yours there. What was his name? Mike Warniki. Mike Warniki. Warick, whatever the hell is name was? My reaction to it was that in order for me to be a good father and a good husband. It was my time to be strong in a situation and to follow through on whatever it is that God was giving us at that time he testified in chilling in chilling the tale that we call how the boy went from being a healthy and chubby baby Learning to walk to any mobile wafew whose bony appearance sick in his own mother He began losing weight, Robert O'Sedus, face became thinner. His cry wasn't a normal baby's cry was more like that. Yeah Didn't have the energy to cry Before Samuel's aunt Michelle Mingo handed down the bizarre vision from God the tabard been eating crackers Cheerios yogurt and applesauce In addition to being breastfed quoting scripture, mingo 37 told a second March 199 that God was upset with Karen Robert O'S vanity and wanted to put around a high protein high high-fat diet What have I always told to the religious people are the crazy people Oh God was upset with her vanity and wanted to put around a high protein high fat diet Baby God's been in touch with Bob Atkins, you know what? The vision also called for her to drink a gallon of almond milk every day and to feed Samuel only breast milk But because she was pregnant she couldn't produce enough milk in nourished the boy He ground his teeth, Robert O'Sedus on final days toward the end he would often bite down on Karen's nipple at times his eyes would roll back in was head His skin on his chest changed to a dark color of it getting a white chalky substance in his diaper. Oh God Sick sick like I said the more religious they are the sicker they are Take your religion and shove it take all your goddamn hoax pocus and your Bubba myses and stick a more limo and shine but leave your all arrest of us alone and any of these Religious nuts who are row are reproducing like that they should have those kids taken away at birth. You know it right away 1126 and 560 you know some oldio might couldn't have heard of me know I'm probably wouldn't have saved them but couldn't hurt and It's off Florida where it's either raining cats and dogs or it's 175 degrees or both Oldio might as a product that will make you feel your best and help keep you in good health in spite of the environmental dangers Oldio might as a soft yell capsula contains pharmaceutical grade olive oil along with so a lot of other good stuff They got vitamins in their and minerals and robles to promote health for all different parts of your body They have one product that helps your prostate once specifically for your heart one for your blood pressure and your cholesterol Oldio might's got supplements to promote health in your circulatory system your digestive your inner Consisting your skin and bones even your mind all using the benefits of the best olive oil under the sun and oldio Medi-God products for men and for ladies out there real an imaginary as well old imes available all over town picks him up today and start popping it It's at Walgreens Whole Food Markets Navarro Pharmacy and Sedanos as well or you can call us number toll free and answer all your questions about what it does and how it works And or just a kid call oldio-medid one 866 O Leo made that's one 866 O L E O M E D and you can order their products right on their website If you like at olio-med America dot com Which is tap in there? I give up which is happen want me to hit it now But I'm here is what just happened here. Oh You know what what during look at that Look at and stick it once upon a time there was a charming young bachelor A forced be with you searching for the woman of his dreams Baby a little Jedi love and you need and 25 women trying to prove they're the one Think you love when one man is involved with more than one woman There's found to be trouble you've been John at least I'm the same species Maybe four eyes who will they choose all of my 12 breaths are real find out on all of them. I want to bachelor Okay, I love the pretty to it 560 QM here's a effect. Could you please tell us if G. Hot Rock is on Book of Brian CD Oh, because it's not a Book of Brian, but it's a Bruce ear rock and I thought I'm thinking about it now. We didn't do anything with that last year did we? No Don't you think that when we do the best of this fall that we should put some of that stuff on or especially that one sounds like a great idea I'm sure Bruce will be glad to have us put it on there. I think maybe and maybe not we'll find out Can't question anything to ask now. I'm looking at a lyrics basically got the thing up there Which of these one hit wonders was the best and I'm looking at it and he's got like one word. It's got question marks You see that one right? That's because I forgot to indent and he loses things at ice two is by mosa. Ace M O C E D A D E S M O C E D what is it? Mosa. D A D E S one more time. That's enough. Mosa. That is at a stew I'll play it again if you want. No, okay. Well be you know what an undertaking Speaking of undertaking that was a bad lead into this story so to pull it be up there momentarily I think we got a pretty good list today, you know I like it and it covers a lot of territory from the early 60s Is Danny Gallauden would say a lot of territory Yeah last night was watching a little bit of the elieves and the red wings from what happened? You was at 70 At least one that came nine to three by the way nine to four something like that Will bill he would end any Gallauden and Canadians and leaves from a million years ago Anybody care about that? No, because no, but and guess what so Robert tells me this morning the Robert's failure retired officially now is that correct? Yeah, so Does that really make a difference now? Did you just do you have no hockey team anymore down there you got Steve Lys and Roberto Lwongo and you got Roberto Lwongo and Steve Lys. That's about it More goings. How are you? Are the monkeys Close enough. Fatter be couldn't stick it in the Atlantic Ocean okay in the puck either More bones found as leave the investigation continues a Grand jury invested this is from USA today a grand jury investigating Sean relieves homicide and whether representative Gary Kind of obstructed justice in the case has hurt from the congressman's top aid police also have found more of leave these bones Mike Lynch, conducts California based chief of staff answered questions Friday in front of a district of Columbia Superior Court Grand jury Beth Wilkerson Lynch's lawyer said yesterday He cooperated fully with the investigators and prosecutors and answered all questions in a candid and fourth right man or Wilkons Lynch last year publicly denied content leavey were having an affair a month later Conditone investigators that he and leavey were romantically involved according to police sources So does he have any credibility this guy? No, no The grand jury earlier this year subpoenaed condits to testify however some clear whether the California Democrat ever did Last fall the grand jury subpoenaed documents from condits office including telephone message slips and calendars Federal enforcement officials have said they're examining whether conditone's aids as other women will Led Zeja had affairs with the congressman not to cooperate with police Conditone's aids have denied attempting the silence anyone right and Marie Smith a flight attendant alleged that she and conditone had a ten month affair that condits out to dissuade her from talking to FBI investigators in the leavey case Smith also was said conditone is an intermediary's try to get a designer false havada David denying that they ever had an affair Conditone is not denied in affair with Smith, but has said he never acts to her to sign anything that was fraudulent meantime, of course he's gonna admit to that because that's like a major crime right that's a felony right Mean time police searching the area of Washington's rock Creek park where leavey's remains were discovered last month a found more bones Hey The medical examiner told us that two small bones no more than two inches long are Consistent with other bones and leavey's foot said sergeant Joe Gentile police folks woman the spokesman the abadda The bones were found on Monday a Footlong bone found Tuesdays being analyzed by the medical examiner Dr. Jonathan Ardenjain Tiel said police searching the area now are being helped by train volunteer searches from the FOP Artors the people of Cogga are house-nast for money the FOP That's them yeah, the FBI crime labs also continuing to examine twisted wire and leavey's shin bone That were found last week by investigators hired by her parents and of course I'm so sick you know I've got a bad mind because I'm thinking of you know the shin bone connected to the Tinkin that because shin bone is just not a word that you use a lot You know as soon as I came across that word shin bone, I'm thinking of that that's a terrible thing Can I do the knee bone? Yeah, to the hip bone hip bone connect to the I mean she's dead now it's not like not gonna hurt her feelings or anything and the leaves don't live anywhere near a South Florida said they're not gonna hear the show. They're not listening on the internet right now to the tasteless knee-a-rider show I probably wait and for Bill or Riley to come on not Police were criticized for not finding the items during a weeklong search of the park after leavey's remains were found made Twenty-two by a man walking his dog police also served the park shortly after leavey this appear last year But police chief Charles Ramsey's acknowledged searches didn't go over the general area with the reins of a found Arden examined the original rings which included leaves clothing and termi-t-t-t was on the side They still haven't got any idea how she was killed who'd done it. They don't know crack And how come I couldn't find any more about that robber Blake thing about the LAPD maybe botchin that thing I'm real curious about you know what I think they suffer from I think they got a bad case of botchillism Because the LAPD botch is every guy damn case that they touch they just can't get it right and of course You'll be ecstatic you'll be squeezing yourself you'll be so excited if he gets off like on something kind of technical It will be ecstatic yes you will I might throw a party. Oh, it's time to vote Now let's see. I'm sure not voting for Debbie Boone and you light up my life. I'll tell you that I don't know what I'm focusing. I don't know this this is a tough list Friday on my mind the easy beats. That's one of my Nick or Bakkers and lies Oh The pressure is too great. You know what I can't stand it Oh Oh wait wait people I love you. How come we left off the word you off of people? I love it since I love must have been lost in the margin. I don't know hey Eric it was lost in a margins and I'm the song by people as I love you. That's just I love huh or maybe I love that's all I wrote because I was writing so fast And he actually spelled most of that is right. Nice going there at his two I'm better vote on here get this thing going you know, but I just I can't make up my mind How about seasons in the sun and Terry? I guess not I guess not The seeds pushing through our that's a possibility. I'm not gonna tell you what I voted for by just I just the I just done it. Did you do it? I'm thinking about it. No, you're thinking about it. Okay, now I'm clicking it. Okay, it's on or you can vote The coast is clear All right, I voted Okay, let me see what comes up Oh, I got some votes on there already. Nick or Bakkers and lies has got a pair V light and grooving a heart is got one Fay a mother's only a couple of votes under just one up this second this moment Conference debating bishops accountability Face with the biggest candle can front the catholic church in the US about 300 bishops from the throughout the country conversion Dallas yesterday and began unexpected debate about whether they're punished bishops who protect sexually abusive priests And you'll notice that the victims now after those meetings yesterday they're pushing them a lot farther than they wanted to go Which is good. They're holding their feet to the fire so to speak Bishop, both in Gregory president of the US conference of Catholic bishops will not predict how bishop might section themselves and did not set any specific proposals But he said he expects the issue to be debated as the bishops discuss a new Mandatory national policy ended for betting and responding to instances of sexual abuse of mine is by priests Conference later strongest suggested that the draft policy released ice week will be toughened by weeks end The question of accountability of bishops is a burning issue and I have every reason to believe that Particular topical receives significant debate Gregory said I clearly agree that topical be a matter that needs discussion The nations' vishops have gathered at a hotel in Dallas for an extraordinary meeting to discuss an extraordinary crisis Over the last six months since the tales are reported of how the arts dice is a Boston Transfer to Reverend John Gigg in despite knowing he'd been accused of molesting boys the scandal has engulfed the nation's largest religious Anomination the church is moral authority and financial strength have been threatened and advocates of reform from the left and the right of enclimoring for change as in now The churches decline to release overall statistics but lawyers news papers and interest groups have estimated that as many as 1,500 priests Amalested children in the last five decades and many bishops have failed to remove those priests from the ministry and they all should be in jail The ones that are still alive put them in jail right now do not pass go do not collect $100 do not get one free molestation all of them in goddam jail And you know something they can probably have a pretty good time in there. Well, big huh Depends on who's in there with maybe they can put them in like in one of those adolescent jails huh And they're probably probably be volunteers. They probably be lined up to be in there on the inside So to speak 20 till noon is 560 WQM Tom Laman is doing it again. He's always doing it. He's a busy guy It's how it's 2002 neo-rojors kneel deal blowouts say also stop by haliponex GMC and say hey Tom what's at all about You'll find it of course in the same great place where they've been taking good care of people and making great card deals for over 35 years 134 a one sub-dixie highway that's on US when across from the falls So right now the big neo-devil is going on where the lowest sale prices marked right on the invoice on All 2002 cars and trucks in stock and you can choose either 1.9% financing or up to a $3500 rebate Check out the complete line of GMC SUVs including the envoy hoated by motor trend as SUV of the year and see the all new vibe Why you be there times got the power of a sports car or just a fraction of the price and when it comes to dependable pre-owned car Thruxness UVs as always how let's got a unbeatable selection of those if you were turned on for credit by any other card dealer Anywhere and so forward any place else have no fear because how it is here though work you deal It's the 2002 neo-rojors deal blowouts sale going on right now at haliponex for more information You can call the neo-rojors kneel deal hotline. How many times to give me to say kneel deal in there about 45 kneel deal 50 one triple eight five three four forty two eleven that's the number to call one triple eight five three four Forty two eleven they are unbeatable and heliponex GMC where they are There's We night's in ten on sports video five 2 a m why the teeth damn it. I'd kick my own ass outside Congratulations better than yours Repn Hall 5 regions better than yours. What we like about in best type of our boys and where address 5 regions better than yours. Why you really should get out of the middle? Why you really should get out of the middle? Why you really should get out of the middle? We have no respect to the poor women. Drive a cab to make a living 5 regions better than yours. I really just have to enjoy the movie. Hey burning. I really ought to better man in every younger home. And then you want... Get out of the middle... My Railroad Show Overcomes the B ciao! We've got my city miniature grarah. We've got all the details that the Green Blouse Remark Fife hated. Ladies and gentlemen, today we've got the Gold Miguel Palpo. hoe andoningston OH MYLING MINE REWISION SPOGER better than your relationship. My religion is better than yours. We now endorse a father you like full of Russia's new ideas, my religion is better than your life. My religion is better than your religion, my religion is better than your orders. We wear ties and ride our bikes and get through very lots of wives, my religion is better than yours. My religion is better than your religion. My religion is better than yours. We don't want to use our race, we're mindless when they operate, my religion is better than yours. You know, I don't want to say we look like a little lady. We've got to be your son. Now who's so spell to like that with ease? It's not right by the way, because there's people voting continuously and it's very tough. Very tough one to change it while people are going. But he did change it, but it's still wrong. Oh, it's ITCH, it's Y-C-O-O. He's the one. Oh, no. It's he who park. Still my fault. We had two ease on here in a first place, because George is a little bit, and I we got Iki, well, he'll say hi to you, how you spell it, he who. I just got through a tell me. I know, but who knows that. H-Y-S-I-O-O-O. Oh, if you don't know, yeah, X. More fun to get. No, it's not. It's really pretty similar. That's a great song, right away. I just mentioned I didn't vote for, but it's a great song. Somebody just passed this into us from the Washington Post. We never realized that representative Bob Barr, the Georgia Republican was so despised Bill Clinton that he demanded his impeachment. Before the monoclevince key scandal was such a delicate hot house flower. While it turns out that Barr was deeply hurt by all those slings and arrows during his 1990 ordeal as a Republican impeachment manager. Barr was so wounded, in fact, that he's filed suit and watched in federal court against the former president, Fint and Loyalist James Carvelle and politically active pornography Larry Flint, seeking compensatory damages and excessive 30 million dollars for loss of reputation and emotional distress and injury to his personal property, allegedly caused by these three, whom Barr claims conspired to hinder the plaintiff in the lawful discharge of his duties. Oh, my God. When Barr's normally media friendly lawyer, judicial watch president Larry Clayman initially declined to come out of lawsuit, we sense that something highly unusual was a foot. The suit was filed very quietly back in March, but didn't come to light until yesterday when Flint issued a press release. Maybe Barr, who was mummier today, thought the publicity wouldn't help his top primary race against Republican John Linder and other Republican incumbent in their firstly redron congressional district. Defended Flint, Flint, meanwhile declared this time, Barr has kicked a wrong dog. Defended Carvelle told us to call this suit frivolous would be to elevate the status of frivolous. Clinton's attorney David Kendall said the claims have no legal merit and will be defended vigorously. In due course, the strangely medicine claim and said, I know which to comment on the substance of the case. However, it is serious and a congressman is confident of prevailing said the right wing asshole. How do you like that, huh? What a pussy. Yeah. Oh, he's going to sue me now. Focus on the family, uh, judicial watch, all these right wing wacko groups have got all these very goody two shoes sounding names, you know? All bunch of fascist maniacs. I look what's our pulse got to about how to use the chain. I still got a spelled wrong. You see, who park will get a right? At least we got a couple that is right anyway. Contours, do you love me? He's got four. Thomas Dolby, she blighted me with science, which you laughed and scoffed at that. Yeah, that's got four type or number one so far. You laughed your ass off at that. Speaking of music, Harold reports two musicians have filed a lawsuit against Brittany Spears claiming that two songs on our multi-platten and second album, Oops, I did again, were based on a two-day road. Philadelphia, songwriter's Michael Cotrell and Lawrence Woonowski, WNUKO, WSK, how do you say that? Don't you? Lawrence, Nukowski, claim in the lawsuit that they wrote recorded and copyrighted a song called, what you see is what you get in late 1999 and submitted it to one of Spears representatives or consideration on the future album. The song was rejected, lawsuit says, but the musicians claim that the 20-year-old pop singer later released two songs, what you see is what you get and can't make you love me that were virtually identical to the song, May 7, the lawsuit filed Friday in US District Court in Philadelphia named Spears, Zomba Recording Corporation, Jive Records, right under 10 in group and VMG music publishing, a call to spirit policies was not... returned immediately returned. How'd you guess? Oh, I just lucky. The liner notes for Upsided again credit both songs to several writers and producers that share on studios the Swedish Recording Studio that also wrote hits for the Backstreet Boys and Stink and the Anxious Canadian Celine Dion. Oh, brother. Speaking of music, Guess who's making it comeback? Vanilla Ice. The King is making it comeback. There's no hyphen in itchiku, by the way. For Eric, he keeps changing it. It's all drawn just followed by the way. Don't play, Eric. I didn't tell him nothing about the hyphen. Yeah, there's no hyphen. There's no graphen and there's no hyphen. It's all one word. You've got it spelled right now. Just take the hyphen out and you'll have it. Nice going, Eric. Oh! Oh no! Yeah, that probably was the problem. A dance remix of a little less conversation which pressling performed in 1968 film, a little bit of a lot has been drawing brisk sales and heavy radio airplane Britain since it was released. There's a single on Monday and the King is back. Even dead for 100 years and the King is back. They can't keep him down. The recordings expected at top of British singles charts the next week, breaking the long running tie between Pressley and the Beatles for the most number one hits in the UK, which currently stands at 17 apiece and RCA spokesman said, Guess who's going to break that by the way. Very soon. I give up. Westlight. You were... I'm just telling you. I'm not asking for a commentary. I don't care whether you like him or don't like him. I'm just telling you they're going to break the record. Okay. Soon. The original version of the song reached number 69 on the West single's charts in 1968 and failed to chart it all in Britain. And that amazing? In other words, it was a stiff. I don't even remember it, do you? No, not at all. A little less conversation. But the record books will contain an asterisk as the new recording takes some liberties with the songs originally performed by the King. The updated version of a little less conversation adds a minute longer electronic introduction. Smask personally vocals with new rhythms and beats and extends the song with dance loops and techno tracks. Oh yeah. Talk about phony baloney. They can do that with any song. Sure. If you hear the first man, in fact, it wouldn't be surprised that Disney's going to start playing Elvis now. At least to be good variety from that same 20 songs he's playing. If you hear the first minute of the song, you'd have no idea that Elvis, it sounds like a techno song, says RCA General Manager Richard Sanders. And when you hear his voice kick in, it's like, oh my God, that's Elvis. Oh my God. Oh my God. Yeah, like that. Sanders says it marks the first contemporary remix of a Presley's music allowed by RCA, a unit of Bertelsman AG's a BMG. RCA owns rights to the original master recordings of Presley's entire catalog, the spokesman said. The six-minute plus recording, six minutes plus. Yeah. I'll boy, we could kill some good time with that on this show. And guess where I'll be able to hit it no doubt. Amsterdam. You must be psychic. It says the six-minute plus recording is the work of popular Amsterdam based DJ and producer JXL. He was licensed by RCA and Elvis Presley and a prize is to remix the song for the soundtrack to Nike's $90 million worldwide ad campaign tied to the World Cup soccer tournament. The full length remix of three-minute version edited for radio and the original version of the song or all contained on a single, which is due for released in the US on June 25. Boy, I'm sure going to go out and buy that right away, aren't you? Right now. June 25, that's only like a lesson two weeks away. The original song also appeared last year on a soundtrack to the hit movie Ocean's 11, which star George Cloney and Brad Pitt, who's still looks pretty good but still can't act. What that was that movie, I saw a little bit of within the other day. The river runs deep. Boy, that's right. Craig Sheffer was in that movie with Brad Pitt where he played his brother. And Craig Sheffer by that time had gotten a terminal case of the agrees and his eyes were not only like bloodshot and like rat cool eyes, but like his whole face was coming apart, Craig Sheffer. Yes. The river runs and the river runs through it. I'm a big of a horn. The river runs through it. I think that's a river. Robert, Robert, Robert, Robert, Robert, Robert, Robert, Robert, Robert. Robert, Robert, Robert, Robert was in that movie. Now he directed it. Oh. Well, anyway, to make a long story short, Brad Pitt dies in the end. He falls in he's a swimmer. I mean, he's fishing and he dies. I thought he got killed by the bear. No, did he? I might have been a different movie. Presley's likely return of the charts again this fall on RCA. Really this is a one CD collection of 30 of his number one hits to commemorate the 25th anniversary of his death. Oh, gee, I didn't realize that. This falls the 25th anniversary of Elvis's death. The album title Elvis 30 number one hits is due out September 24th in the US. I hope you mark and he's dates down on a calendar. Right now. He died August 16th, 1977, a Memphis Tennessee age 44. I'm going to say it again. Anybody who goes to Grace Land is an asshole. He needs a life needs mental help. Then it includes all those guys who called in about what we do it about four years ago. Right. Never forget that show down there on the second floor. When the phones weren't working just like today's matter. If I can't wait to have four and a half years later, and if phones are still screwed up a QM. Now they're working because I see one is lit up. Right. See that line number two. Hello. You got the pot open, Robert? It is now. Hello. Hello. Hey, this is probably a sea. I was going to take one call today. They had their chance. 156 at 560 WCM. Here's a number to call 9 549168880. The number I put in touch with Jeff Cohen and the food experts over there at the pizza loft. The world famous place. Jeff Cohen is the masterman to come to putting the other delicious Italian goodies and giving you big, big fresh portions at affordable prices. Every Monday is lasagna night at the loft. Every Tuesday's eggplant. Thank you by one of these dinners on these nights. Get the second one for only five bucks. The first day kids eat free with the else sick and sea Jeff's famous magic show. Thursdays like tonight it's bite night at the loft. Come on. I'm motorcycle. Squirt's score. Jeff will come out with a cloth. By one dinner. Get the second for app price. Pizza lofts got combination dinners. I can try a little bit of this little bit of that and maybe and get some of those great garlic rolls. Man those are just I wish I weren't diabetic for many reasons. But especially so I could just eat like dozens of those. The best garlic rolls in the world. Three different kinds of great pizza. All kinds of way to Italian chicken dishes and veal and seafood. Calzone, super subs. Jeff has got an all for you. Because the prices are so reasonable. You can take the whole gang back again and again. The pizza loft the brown original brown location is. On university drive right near Amadelo Cafesamette or Fettkitty corner behind Pierwin imports between 595 and Griffin Road and the pizza loft Plaza with acres of re parking and the brand new location will be cornered up hill and sunrise and plantation. Opening the end of the summer. Did you ever tell us when? Nope. Well go to pizza loft and say hey Jeff. Don't worry, she's halfway a 6-3. I've supported you 5-16. You weigh in. Well now I do believe it be the one that will now work. The songs are bow. My education grides. It's a sleep all day. And my home room bites. One time I woke up. From started taking tests and then I think I took an hour. I think I took an SAT. And that's about the time I said enough for me. My TV was somewhere near point 3. Or no, I want to watch a TV shows. What the hell are REST SATs? My friends say yes, I should be in my grades. What's my grades again? What's my grades again? Yeah. The later on on the bus home. My teacher called. Former cell phone. She told my parents all. She said I thought I'd feel I knew that this was gibberish for me. And that's the point when mom and dad just loved me. I said what teacher said just good. That's ugly. I thought it comes. To me, I'm gonna get those A-Z and B-Z. By hacking their computer C. What's my grades again? What's my grades again? Jeff. You. Probably the same after you're, what is it? Two minutes after you're 12. I'll put them together. We'll get whatever you want. So here's a fact. I'm a little bit off the beam here because of this one facts. And I had to look it up. Again, somebody very emphatic, very emphatic. I wonder what story they're talking about. Is hearing a story like that makes me sick. I almost had a trainer radio off the bass. Oh, it must be about the A of the baby's baby. It made me sick also. But then he writes on your faith. No more question mark they had. Hits midlife crisis, which still gets radio played. How can they be a one-hit wonder? What about E-Z? They need to be removed. Well, guess what? No. No, they're going to be removed because you're wrong. Faith no more had one-hit epic was number nine in 1990. They had no other chart hits. None. Zero. Is anybody due to? Ready for that? I got it. We talked about it. Rock group from San Francisco. Faith no more. I mean, the other songs may have been played on a radio. You may have liked them. But were they on a chart? No. No. So sorry. And how come I never mentioned this? Shocking. Because I saw it on TV, must have slipped my mind. McDonald's had spam to the menu. Did you see that? Yeah. But only in Hawaii. Sure. It's big there. The 78 McDonald's restaurants in Hawaii are adding a new menu item. That's as much in American icon as the burger chain itself. spam. Oh. I'm getting a joke. I'm just thinking about it. Couldn't say it. God. The idea that there's there's servant something that comes in a can. More than 3,000 portions of low sodium spam. Spam, scrambled egg and rice were serving a single day during a test run of the meal. According to Malani, O'Kazaki. That's right. O'Kazaki McDonald's local marketing manager. I'm not sure why it's taken so long. O'Kazaki said of this fan breakfast, which he said is offered at no other McDonald's in the world. Only in Hawaii. So I guess they want to keep the population as big and porked up as as so many of those sumo looking guys are. And women. Porky. Give her see those. What do they call when they have those those? They have those those blue out kind of those shows they put on right. Almost all of them are like turkey. I'm not saying there aren't a lot of beautiful people in Hawaii because there are, but they don't get involved in those shows. But they like their porcupine over there. They're busy getting laid. They like their pork though. M&M has received death threats from supporters of Osama, Yumama Bidla, the corner reports who say M&M may be getting a little too quirky himself. I guess. The video for his new hit single without me shows the rap singer making fun of the terror warlord by wearing a beard and robes and dancing around as binge-shady. His joke is believed to have offended been laden's al-Qaeda networking, US intelligence agency informed M&M that a bounty has been placed on his head. A source told the Daily Star M&M has had no choice but to take the thread very seriously. He has hired more professional bodyguards to protect him and updated his own security system. He's even consulted with a specialist in counterterrorism of what precautions to take. The Detroit stars often court in controversy with references to sex drugs and violence in his songs. In the past, he's been convicted of curing concealed weapon and claims to take ecstasy while on stage and believe me it doesn't help. He still can't sing a lick. He may be can lick it, but he can't sing. And an oyster the crap out of me. I don't know about you, but he an oyster the crap out of me. He's buggy. He was, you know, in the beginning he was amusing. You know what I mean? He was amusing. Like weird ale, kind of amusing. But as time wore on, he became more and more obnoxious and more and more like, hey, we don't need to see him no more. I rather see Afroman any day. Huh? How about Eminem with an Afro? That sounds good. In fact, he may soon get one from the sound of it. Thomas Dolby, she blinded me with science as number one with the, well, see, just a so sprite out. Huh? I'm sure just a spite me. 103 votes on a poll. And it's so sprite out that we got nobody other than Yine so far. Debbie Boone got five. Well, does that surprise look? It was number one for 10 weeks. Somebody must have liked it. Yeah, but I didn't think we had those people in the audience. Maybe we have five women, listen, I'm sure that no man would vote for Debbie Boone and you let up my life. No real man or even me. Contour is, do you love me, got seven? The small faces, it's a coup-park spelled right. Oh, has got the six. Rick Derranger, rock and roll, who she coup has got five as does Debbie Boone and you let up. And the buckles and video killed the radio star. Even though we don't have the one in George wants me to. I got news for her. What, what you heard is what you get. I'll find it. I'm going to go out and buy no more buckles. Okay, if you want to download it and steal it, I mean borrow it. That's up to you. USA today, Judy Kean and Lawrence McQuillen right today. The announcement Monday that US officials had named and lived Del Cuita terrorist who would plan to explore a radio-like of Dirty Bomb and USA. Mesh neatly with President Bush's agenda. It came four days after Bush proposed a homeland security department in his cabinet and says that 10 days after he began describing a doctrine of preemptive military strikes against countries that threaten the US. It seemed to add impetus to his argument that Saddam Hussein must be ousted before Iraq sells weapons of mass destruction to terrorists. But some people, especially some Democrats wondered Tuesday whether the arrest announcement Dovetail a little too tidally with Bush's agenda. Those questions were fueled by the fact that the announcement came a month after Abdullah al-Muhajir's arrest may 8 and by reports Tuesday that he had no radioactive material, no concrete plan and no target. Other than that, he was pretty dangerous. It would just be interesting to know why any particular days chosen more than a month after the fact to make an announcement, especially announcement of this magnitude said Mark Millman, a Democratic pollster, of the Democrats in Washington said the same thing privately. Bush's stage managing a public pronouncements to serve his goals is a technique every president's used. Trying to dominate news coverage remind voters that he and fellow Republicans are leading the war on terror is a perquisitive of a day presidency. White House spokesman, Eric Flesher said Tuesday that the Dirty Bomb threat was not overstated. It was described accurately. He said it times like this. The initial reports immediately lurched to the worst case scenario. Flesher said the timing had nothing to do with Bush's announcement last week, but they proposed Homeland Security Department. Attorney General John asked Proptoon to answer your response from Moscow, where he was meeting with Russian officials on unbelievable the matters. We have have disrupted an unfolding terrorist party said. It wasn't long before Bush and his top kids were making the likely between the arrest and the administration's priority is on the war on terrorism. Grave threats are accumulating against us and an action will only bring them closer by President Cheney said in between heartbeats. In the speech Tuesday in Kansas City, Bush said these shadowy terrorists could hook up with a nation that's got weapons of mass destruction. The nations that I label the axis of evil, the evil doers. Late Tuesday administration officials said ask Proptoon to the Dirty Bomb threat, providing a reminder that message management can be tricky. If Bush has seen is trying to gain political edge from the threat of terrorism, Americans could lose confidence in him. There's enough of a pattern that this administration despite protest to the contrary makes political calculations every day, and says was this one, I can't say. He says Bush was screening the impression that he's playing the kind of Washington games he pledged to avoid, it may come back to Hanabies says. Americans, however, are not disenchanted with Bush, pull a show that three and four are proof of the job that he's doing. And he was said that ACNM Gallup poll last weekend, one in three said they thought the timing of Bush's announcement of a new home-on security department was based on politics. Similar numbers said the same thing when President Clinton ordered missiles for us against suspected terrorist targets in Afghanistan and Sudan during the monocle of Bluinsky scandal. Jim Estimberg was a deputy national security adviser to Clinton to prove the Bush's plan to create a home-on security department, doesn't care whether politics played a part in that decision or not. He says, whatever gets somebody to the right place to do the right thing, that's a good thing. Okay, you make up your own mind. If you have one. Remember that Abby killing? Yeah. Oh, you ought to see this guy. Here's, here's, wow, yeah, that's not fair. Picture of his drivers license. Everybody's picture on their drivers license. I never seen anybody look good on their drivers license, of you. Yeah, me. Too bad you don't look good in person. I know. I wish. The man who killed two monks and wounded two others at Roman Catholic Abby before killing himself had been upset with the church over his divorce, the AP learned yesterday. See where looking for a reason, right? There you go. Investigators have been struggling to undercover information about 71-year-old Lloyd Roberts, Jeffress, as they search for a motive and is attack on conception Abby, a role monastery in Northwest Missouri, in conception. Jeffress first victim, brother Damian Larson pleaded for his life before Jeffress shot him, Abba Gregory Poland said yesterday. He said, no, no, and Jeffress just plugged him with a rifle Poland said, just like this like that. Jeffress daughter and brother said he'd been upset at the way he was treated by the church after his divorce, a source posted investigation told the AP on the condition of course of anonymity. The source didn't know when Jeffress and his wife were married or divorced and could not elaborate on how the church allegedly mistreated Jeffress officials were trying to locate his former wife. The Abby about 90 miles north of Kansas City, we opened yesterday, bells at the Abby's Basilica Twirl told at 8.40am Tuesday, exactly 24 hours after the bloodshed began. The bell sounded once for each year that the two slay monks had been there. The Reverend Phil up Schuster spent 51-85 years at the Abby, Larson 64 had been there for 32 years. Well, a lot of strange stuff going on, including that confab in Dallas. So this is a tough question. What is the best way to handle this for the good of everybody? Also, we're more fun of it, but that is still a no-how many priests may actually be in that situation anyway. Is the Abby from what you're looking for? Are you believing that you lied to me with science crap with 14 votes? No. No. I think I might even have just taken that one off of there when we get through with this poll. I mean, that's just ridiculous. Fubba does pass noon at 5.60WQM. You've heard me talking about getting yourself a big one. Everybody wants a big one. Men, women, they want to have something big, like a paycheck, of course, it's probably one of the most important things, one of them. In four short months, you can have a big paycheck and you can start making enough money to live a life. The demand for certified computer professionals is through the roof. So pick up the phone and call it a good folks at fast train, ask away the answer on your questions. They'll be extended to talk to you. Call one, 866 fast train because summer classes are forming right now. And if you call now, you can be certified in a brand new career before summer's end. Fast train offers you Microsoft certified instructors for convenient locations including that brand new campus in Kindle. We'll be telling you about job placement assistance. They need me classes too. For those individuals who job as affected after 9.11, fast train is an operation paycheck training provider. So call fast train at 866 fast train now or check them out on the worldwide web at fast train.com. And like I said, only seconds ago, fast train can have you certified ready for a brand new money making career in his little four months. So kiss that dead end job of yours. Good bye and get you some real life. Call fast train today toll free at 1 866. What is doing? The show in March, you overnight time sports radio 560. You a, you a, yeah. Who's guys? Smile and pour you five six. Who tell you Q, M. Who tell you? Look at who that is. Everybody look at who that is. Turn on another look at who that is. That is where the sea waves. These are racing waves. Race around, let's guard that in all days. Driver that never wins. That is where the sea waves. Now she here on your kids. They call me Mr. Reels. One day soon I will raise my rocket, FED. Or where are you, maybe? You showed a fan today. Or how the three of you wins the race? Or where are you coming in and 30 of this place? Well, you earned yourself some wins on the plane. Don't get that on it from house by the date. I'm not going to take that chance. Not if you need comedy lands. That's why you don't go out with me. You wait too slow. You can't keep it. Well, I may be slow on the street, but I show beef as dumb as me. They call him Mr. Reels. Folks are defeated in the 60s. WCM, the man dog will be on a one hand kid three. And we got well after that. I think maybe you're making another premature evaluation. Just like you did with the soft cell and tainted love. Because if you'll take a peak at VH1 and their top 20, one hit wonders. Guess what's in there? Now you tell me that you don't like this recording. No, I'll get the real one by the time. I've heard you on my wildest back in 52. Like a winking tent and tuning in on you. If I was only didn't stop you coming through. And I... They took the credit for your seconds and finally... Guess what? It's not even close to 10, but it's a horrible remade. Well, as we bring in a real one, you know what I should have done today. Because at the beginning of the show, if you missed a beginning of the show, I played the entire winner from yesterday. Which I thought was pretty damn nice to me. I played tin the lisean of boys are back in town the original version. But I didn't play any of this. Which I was pretty damn good, so I'm a little bit suspect at this point. The tribute to tin lisean with artist from Azios Born and Alice Cooper and Foner and Bad Company. And it was like an original, but it was adequate. Huh? I give it about six and a half. On a skill 93, it's okay. But the original is always the best. Usually. Try telling that to podcast and over the original is always the best. When will it look like that? That was when I saw him at the song, Ress Mall that night. Look at that. She blighted me with science 16 votes. Vicki Siuravans turned the beat around, turned your meter round eight. Small faces, itchy, couparts got eight. Oh! That was a good idea. I was so happy with that. And how come I just took the disc on there when we got Vicki Siuravans in honor? Let's pump her up a little bit. You're not going to like that. Why not? Because it's disco. It's a fag song. Who said I didn't like disco? Well, I don't know, but it's a fag song. Yeah, well. The fag song. The fag song. You're music. Ah, that's because we make most of it. Either sing it or produce it or play it or deal with it or write it. Dance to it. Dance to it. Dance to it. Listen to it. Design the chorus to people dance to it in. Yes. Stop like that. Come to beat around. Up to it. Here's the fag song. Turn it up. Fight down. Up to it. Here's the fag song. Up to it. Up to it. Here's the fag song. Up to it. Okay, that's enough. I sure wouldn't get my- I mean, I like it, but it wouldn't get my vote. You know, and this list, this a lot of really good stuff on this list. And neither would the Thomas Dolby get. I mean, not even close. Wouldn't even cross my mind of vote for that, you know? But then again, there's a lot of people out there with bad taste. We already know that. We can't help that. Five held in shoe bomber probe. Paris France, five people have been detained by French police for questioning over their possible connection with Richard C. Reed, the alleged transatlantic shoe bomber. Reed is currently awaiting trial in the US for allegedly trying to set off a bomb hit in his footwear during that play from Paris to Miami on December 22, 2001. The five suspects reported by the AP to be two Pakistanis in three North Africa owners were detained after an operation in Paris yesterday. They've been questioned by Couture S. Binau services the direct- What is it? Direction day last surveillance they tear at Twa. Of all what they know of Reed stay in Paris. Don't get me started with the French. The interviews are part of a broader anti-terror investigation presided over by Judge John Lewis' Brewer. Reed was overpowered by past years in crew while we all know that. Okay, so they got five assholes in the custody and they're grilling them. Hopefully they're beating the crap out of them too. Torturing them things like that. There were so much to civilized to be doing. Well, that article I had a couple weeks ago about the country club that we're running down the Reggitmo. That just crossed my ass. You ought to be threatened to burn out their eyeballs, you know? Okay, with a magnifying glass. Now, seriously, they ought to be threatened to do, I mean you name it. Sudan is picked up a member of an al-Qaeda terrorist cell as believed to have tried to shoot down U.S. plane with shoulder-fired missiles in Saudi Arabia. U.S. officials told CNN yesterday. The officials said the man a Sudanese national expense and time in Saudi Arabia claimed to have penetrated security to the highly guarded Prince Sulton Air base and tried to fire a missile at U.S. military plane. The FBI should then intelligence bulletin warning of the potential targeting of commercial aircraft in the U.S. by terrorists, armed with shoulder-fired missiles after investigators last month concluded al-Qaeda's mutton tried to shoot down U.S. military plane at the remote desert base. On May 10, CNN reported the discovery earlier in the month of an expanded Russian-made S.A.7 shoulder-fired surface-to-wear missile tube and parts inside a security fence at Saudi base. An official said Wednesday they believed the man was responsible for them. Two weeks ago, CNN reported a May 22 FBI bulletin that said, subsequent investigation suggests that the discoveries likely related to al-Qaeda targeting efforts against U.S. led forces on the Arabian Peninsula. U.S. officials would not say whether U.S. law enforcement authorities had access to the detained man or where he was being held. In other words, they're not saying nothing. Meanwhile, in Dallas, they meet their whiffless, useless and unloved. I do like that, huh? I mean, this, if there was ever such a thing, the definitive dog and pony show, this is it. This is exactly what's going on right now. It's called CYA, baby, covering your big fat pimple ass. And how far do we have to go to try to make it look good? Like we really care to cover up this goddamn child molesting, fat club that we've been going on here for like the since the beginning of recorded time. Since the first voice stepped forward to be counted. Speaking of that, speaking of counting, New York Times, big article today Roman Catholic Church faces questions about finances as if they don't have enough other problems. After spending the past six months, fending off accusations that had covered up allegations of sexual abuse by priest, the American Roman Catholic Church now faces a new wave of scrutiny about how its finances are handled particularly because of the large and confidential settlements that DICs have reached with victims of that abuse. In other words, Hush money. Payoffs. In fact, some big donors to the church are leveling the same sorts of complaints that the abuse victims and their supporters have made that a church run in such secrecy for decades needs to be more open and it's decision-making and more accountable for the consequences of those decisions. Recent reports of accounting coverups most notably in Milwaukee and Palm Beach, Florida have only drawn more attention than the inability to refusal of any dice used to disclose where their money comes from or where had has gone. This is shelter in the therapy continues to go for them. 26 past noon at 5.60 WQAIM. Older men suspect that a new product more and more people are popping it in their posts because it's the best way to get all of one of your system. I mean, you can smear it on your feet. You can bring it out of the bottle. You can smear it on your food. But the best way to get the purest olive oil on money can buy is just pop a couple of olive oil made capsules in your posts. And only you might have got a complete line of capsules. Now for different parts of your health. It contains vitamins and minerals and urinals. While the also has the best olive oil on the face of the globe, to help block a set of different aspects of the body. They have one product to help your prostate. One for your heart, for your blood pressure and your cholesterol. One to promote health and your circulatory system, your digestive, your endocrine system, your skin and bones. Even your mind, all using the benefits of pharmaceutical grade olive oil. And only you might have products for men and ladies as well. Pick up some olive oil today. You'll find it at Walgreens, Whole Food Markets, and Varro Pharmacy and Sedano's two. We're just calling them and ask away the answer all your questions about this exciting new product. Call 1-86-Oleo-Med. That's 1-86-Oleo-Med. Or to their products right off their website if that's easy before we do it. Oleo-Med. A PAUSE. Sheway and neon. God. I used to think that I could not be home. I'd take what he quite as a storm. Jesus Christ. I know, being here is a fast, a carping field. I thought this grass is on the plate. Can feel you if I can see it. And I can do it if I just believe it. Then there are much more hits. I'm a big pet a fire. I believe I can touch your light. You can see it on video tape. Don't hear a more than touch the rage. If your parents from home. You see me running through that open door. I'm a big pet a fire. I'm a big pet a fire. I'm a big pet a fire. I'm right. I'm very, very happy. I couldn't get long out of QM.com. I'm playing the two-edivist ball trivia challenge. Weekly prizes include. Go for four at Chulos. The grand prize will be a trip for two New York Ovalinity Weekend. To see the Marlins and the Metz. So log on and start playing at WQAM.com. So hey. Yes. Want to hear that all this song? We got it? That remix. I'll put the bride inside the play. Oh Okay, that's enough. Yeah, didn't it a lot of noise is what it sounds like to me. Uh, just a lot of noise with like Elvis mumbling in the background American Jose Padilla accused of plotting to detonate a radioactive dirty bomb in the west Trabler was central Asian country in April looking to buy radioactive materials packest any intelligence It government officials said today The officials who spoke of course like everybody in the world audition event and himity said at least two associates of Padilla Now and custody in Pakistan and if the I agents are questioning them at an under-scoz location and hopefully beaten them Silly One was identified as Benjamin Osmodmo Hamlin, but officials would not give any of the nationalities The official said at least a half dozen American cities were believed among the 300 al Qaeda suspects What is it? At least a half dozen American citizens were believed to be among the 300 al Qaeda suspects hand over to US by Pakistan in the past six months The hunt for the Brooklyn-born Padilla 31 also known as Abdullah al-Mohajir began after the arrest in March of Osama, Yamama been allowed to lieutenant Abu Zabeda the official said to be discurately in the west custody and spill on the beans Padilla apparently had been assigned by subated to explore the possibility of causing maximum damage to Americans Intelligence officials said also on condition of anonymity We had received information from the FBI in April that some al Qaeda men were planning attacks in the US The same information was shared with us by the CIA and in ten weeks long efforts led to was arrested So to senior government official who spoke under the condition of And in the city good guess Authorities began to track Padilla and early April after the FBI provided photos of the former Chicago gang member to Pakistan's Viage and see inner services intelligence officials said the ISI Using false documents and aliases Padilla traveled to one of those Central Asian country in April the official said they wouldn't say how long he remained in Central Asia You're who we contacted the official said Padilla return to Pakistan left for watching late April early May for Zurich Switzerland US authorities have said Padilla may trips from Switzerland to and from Egypt before flying to Chicago where he was arrested may eighth Pakistan officials are expanding their search for more Padilla associates in the deeply conservative Tribal there is along the Afghan border where many al Qaeda fugitives are believed to have taken refuge the FBI's particularly Interested in finding five Arab women seven children and several al Qaeda men believed that close contacts would Zubweida and Padilla Pakistan resources speaking on condition of anonymity said US and Pakistan agents raided and Islamic clerics home in the northwest frontier province this week Looking for the women in children, but didn't find anybody yet. They're looking and Yes, the leader of a pepper pines mosque said yesterday that the alleged dirty bomb plot wasn't hatched in Broward County Thank God and assertion backed up by federal agents who said he tini Jose Padilla Contacted al Qaeda operatives after leaving the US in 1998 wait till you're the last sentence in the story You'll pee in your pants. I want to make sure that there's nothing like that going on here Said Moalana, Shafayet, Mohammed prayer leader read Darul al Um Islamic Institute I just like a clean operation. I don't even want to smell things like that around You don't want to smell it Padilla is the third terrorism suspect linked to Darul al Um he studied a caran there to other Broward Menacuse this year with plotting a bombing campaign in South Florida worshiped that Darul al Um one of about 20 Muslim mosque in Broward and Dave counties, but that Mohammed said is pure coincidence We are the largest Muslim congregation in South Florida, Mohammed said I think people may want to use this as a scapegoat We don't tolerate radicals were a peaceful group The only common factor among the three is that they just passed through our mosque Mohammed said Federal sources told a herald on Wednesday that while Padilla was clearly involved with the South Florida Muslim community It remains unclear when he turned from moderate Islamic beliefs to an extreme doctor in the land to allegedly plot a bombing The difficult part for us now is to end of course You do realize he became a Muslim while he was in jail. No, it did not. Oh, yeah Jose Padilla became whatever the whole he was now. What's his name? Amashmed Shmeckal whatever he is the difficult part for us now is to determine which of the many people that came in contact with hold those views Let alone whether or not there are links to al Qaeda ones or said the FBI's found no connection between Padilla and the September love of the high jackress several of whom lived in Broward County All the evidence that the World of the Qaeda is from his trips abroad ones or said But he is interested in Islam was apparent when he worked at a Davy Taco Bell in 1992 Following his release from Broward County jail where he served ten months after a road range incident his former boss was Mohammed Javad co-founder of the school of Islamic studies of Broward in sunrise Javad said when Padilla told him he was thinking about converting he advised Padilla to look in the yellow pages for an Islamic center He didn't tell me when he and his girlfriend Sherry Maria Stutz converted, but I learned they had accepted Islam into their life Javad said he seemed to be a joiner and he was poor He worked at the Davy Taco Bell Do we know where that is? No In 1994 Jose Padilla basically became known as Ibrahim following hearing before Broward Circuit Judge John Fushianni at the Kordhausen for Loderdale Padilla prayed and studied at the rule Oluam from 1995 to 97 Mohammed remembers Padilla as Ibrahim no longer the trouble maker of his earlier days But a quiet young man who always wore the traditional Muslim scarf favored by Palustin and leader Yasser Amafar A photograph released by the school shows Padilla posing with friends a red scarf draped over his head a schmatha as the Chinese call it The headdresses the type you see in Palestine You don't see it in the US Mohammed said Padilla tended to send her to morning sessions for the recently converted after wild just disappearing from the scene Nine men and three women made up the group women are not uncommon for the Pembroke Priests It's due because of its liberal bent Mohammed said and here comes the here comes the best part of this story Who ever did whoever did what they never did it here Mohammed said people know they can't do any foolishness here And I'm thinking of myself right like the 19 hijackers They can't do any foolishness there in South Florida Right I think he was referring to his mask I see I didn't know he wore one maybe knows the long-ranger Oh, I got a great story about mass by the wild save it for tomorrow You see that story that you've asked me about those British kids that did the whole month. Yeah, and they forgot to make holes in their masks only the breads man only the silly Yeah, it's great so come up with something like that God almighty All your people listening to England by the way. We love you, but you are silly make no mistake about it And by the way though the hey if these amazing things called dentists 21 and and an even more amazing thing called a toothbrush and toothpaste Even an Amsterdam we got toothpaste in the supermarket at Albert Hein Albert Heine We got toothpaste. I actually they don't even sell it in England my bother 21 till one and Jim Maddog managed time at QA. I'm here's a simple question for you for simple people If somebody offered to give you to hand over to you several thousand dollars in cash in the next few years Would you take it everybody in a audience will say sure why not? Which makes it really for us to pass up a chance to refinance or buy a home at just 3.95% There's a fanty made program waiting for you a 3.95% for both refinancing and purchasing of homes think about it just 3.95% And all you have to do is call financial group a digital free number 1 800 940 53 63 That's 1 800 940 53 63 We've more specific you can get yourself a hundred grand with payments of only 475 bucks a month or you can get 200 grand with payments of only 950 bucks a month you'll save yourself thousands of dollars and be downright full of this to pass up a chance like that So do the math and do the next logical thing get the details by calling financial group toll free. It's 1 800 940 That's 1 800 940 53 63 There were an equal housing lender credit restrictions do apply and rates are subject to change if you wait Goldie Goldie All right, this is G Gordon Lydia and they don't come any worse than new Rogers You Was the one He likes to put his lips together You give a good old bloke in the summer time when the weather is high You can hit the beach see some as and buy in the summer time you got women You got women on your mind Records there's some nice behind go out and see what you can find If rubber can you spin there's a lot to review and a nice D string got lots of a few check it out They are man that brunette making my tongue hang through the side It's because her time it's holding up a terracorty five We're just normal guys. We're not dirty. We're not mean we just love the girls and see in their crease in the summer time We go check and we go check in out the scene Scan the summer time finding duties finding duties on the beach Come along with me season GT T's Make me so happy when the summer tea I got women. I got women on my mind Yes, the girls are nice. We're in those bikini smaller size With a hot hot fun surely you took me before you rise Come along with me season Tata Tata Tata Tata All the Tata Tata I hate that song ever see the a movie judgment as we're in Brugue Yes, I did now I'm watching out of a quorum. I and they finally took a break from it But it just goes on and on this church sex club crisis thing. Yeah, and it reminds me It will be like if you would have taken the Nazi prisoners in Nuremberg and turn it around and let them conduct the hearings You see what I'm saying for themselves right Then they wouldn't have needed those headphones right. That's right. They could just sit there or could I think that's that? This is like the fox guarding the chicken coop Did you get in the way she talks about how this caused so much depression? Oh, get out of here you're simpleing faggot you. I mean, who are these people kidding? Evidently a lot of people Because their millions of obedient Catholics out there very duly obedient and brainwashed who are just the dying to be Conned They're they're just hoping for the best Yeah, put one over on us. Okay talk to good talk and put on a good the face and Like I said the other day after the life of me I cannot I just can't figure it out I mean I could understand if this was a religion that Preach things that most people believe and do see what I'm saying The Hino but in most Western societies almost everything that they preach flies in the face of People's values in there in the way they live their lives don't make a bit of difference In fact, I don't think anything to do with beliefs at all They just like a way of life. It's like I'm a member of the club and I'm not getting out This is this is who I am and what I am. This is my club like like the FOP like the Elk's like the American Legion same crap God, it's amazing to me response of all snacks. Yeah, exactly when you're gonna start being missed priest Boy, oh yeah, this this one's the his name is misconduct New York state provis ministers deals boy not more this from news. They have focused on transfer of long-element properties from charity to herself and daughter Boy, just just keep pouring out your money folks a sucker's born every minute and Attacks for you suckers what they like the best The New York state attorney general's office is investigating real estate dating's of an amonyville minister It's another one of those amonyville horrors. It sounds like the me who collected more than five million dollars from suffocality to run homeless shelters for nearly a decade The Reverend Kerry Wilson operated a network of eight shelters for suffix department of social services Providing housing for hundreds of women in children before the county terminated its contract with her last month An April news day reported that Wilson charity new life Christians mission ministries incorporated Allegedly wasted millions in public funds through questionable real estate transactions stretching from filth and alphi at a suffocality Some of which had placed a group under federal investigation They're in top a spokeswoman for attorney general Elliott Spitzer confirmed that his office also is examining the charitable organizations activities Not the agency as this pinion subpoena records from Wilson he declined to elaborate further Wilson. He has been a decline to comment sources for media with what the probes say State investigators are interested in the transfer release three properties on long Island from the charitable organization Two Wilson 57 and one of our daughters without getting proper approvals from the state Within the past three years the charity sold an amonyville home to one of Wilson's daughters for $10 And transferred to other homes to Wilson for $10 each public record show federal and state laws regulating non-profit groups for bit Texas Event organizations from taking actions that benefit in sighters in a previous interview Wilson said she'd use your own money to buy the houses for new life right Just keep pineapple given your money out okay to these chisters give it over to miss Cleo these these got a good sense of humor Give it to Bogreff and she needs it. So whatever happened with that deal. We got an ongoing thing there. I guess nothing new about it I think she might just have an ace in a hole in that hole there, you know Who a Man accused of kidnapping and killing 70-year-old Danielle Van Dan used the word we While we counting a trippy claim you took a loan right after the girl disappeared a tape of a police interview Played yesterday this trial shows are you familiar with this? No, little slip of the tongue. I think oops David Westerfield described this little place we were at during the February fifth interview Danielle disappeared the previous weekend from her home two doors down the street for moisture fields Her body was found February 27 along a roll road east of San Diego They'd Westerfield 50 a self-employed engineering charge with kidnapping murder and possession of a child pornography He's pleaded innocent could face the death penalty if convicted. Oh During the interview West of your toll police. He hardly knew Danielle if you brought her in right now I would recognize her from ten other kids. You said I could make a comment about that before taste Westerfield gave police a detailed account of a weekend trip to the beach in desert and What and desert and desert? That's right there in San Diego that began the morning Daniel was reported missing He said he was scouting for places to camp with the Zelt's son and a toll police. He was alone does this sound weird T. We asked his perfect normal for me Where's the field also described a brief encounter with Danielle's mother Brenda van Dam and a neighborhood barfibre First the last day Danielle was seen live at her home. He said he was drunk I don't remember getting home. That's how bad it was you said on the tape He showed no visibility motion as prosecutors played the tape in court prosecution testimony is expected to continue through the month And then we'll fries ass 1250 at five 60 WQM 10 minutes before the gym manager show If you wonder where your hair went outside your mad dogs done in I have much hair left either Really? No, no, I don't either of course in our case what difference is it making know But you younger guys out there you guys don't want to look better And you have in years maybe you'd laid like once every couple of years here's the answer for you Charles Alfieri who's a Hair big shot for over well over 25 years He's been doing it for guys He's appeared as a guest on good morning America the donation. He's known all over the world as the guys got the best Hair system going in any price the natural hairline system Charles been helping the famous and not so famous look the best for all that time and the reason of fame People are rich people go to him is because no matter how much money they've got no matter what price they're willing to spend for no amount in the world Can you get a better look in system than the natural hairline system because it looks real like real hair like it's going out of your scalp Not like some farm animal died in your head So if you want to get yourself a great look in a headache here again and look better when younger than you ever thought you could again call Charlie tool free There's no obligation. He'll show you just how much better when younger he can make you look call 1 800 321 2413 That's 1 800 321 2413 and be sure mentioned my name because I'm not too in about so often regular cost of that natural Hereline system if you do 1 800 321 2413 or look him up on his website at childhood The banana republic baby only in Miami Why do people think I'm gay why do people say such things assuming I like things I think why do they think I'm gay? If I really get the holes why do they think I'm gay? Oh I was totally handsome guy. I'm drunk most after news It's not up your business. Why I like show two It's all the rules. Let's make me gay People think I drive us to why do they think I'm gay? Oh This dude here's no welcome John why do they think I'm gay? Guys in the gym they can't cope They're afraid to drop the soap why do they think I'm gay? I One bit family I'm a man named Man Let's not check it in a sin to be Oh Let's all tell me why Why Why do they think I'm gay? Why Why do they think I'm gay? How come these six or five six do you think I'm a big opponent? I didn't say it. Oh, I thought you said it. I thought that was you on a little bit of thing. I think you're seven How come my pole is disappeared on my web shop? You looking at it? What a bit of it's reloading Yeah, mine was reloading too, and it just like vanished. It disappeared. Is this disappeared? Is this disappeared? Yeah What's going on here Eric? Oh my god, this is like a major contest. It's like a catastroke. You know what? We get right to the end of the show. We're swinging along. The votes are pouring in on that thing and all of a sudden like It just disappears off the face of the globe. How is that possible? You don't think he's like retooling it. Do you? I don't know. What? Shocking. Well, he's working on it. I'm sure. The jury that convicted Kennedy Cuss Michael's scakele of murder last week was improperly And blamed by gruesome photos of the victim paired with Scacles' comments to an interviewer as attorney argued yesterday. The verdict should be thrown out in a new trial held Defensive or Michael Sherman argued in papers filed in Stamford Superior Court. This was a case in which the prosecution used cumulative graphic and gruesome photographs. The verdict.