50-7% of the people had one answer that was right, you know, and saying there were two of the three answers that were acceptable, then that's not as bad as it looks on the face of it. Even your own people disagreed with it, well that's too bad. Because many of my own people are full of crap. Anyway, we asked yesterday should have guessed the national before submit women much later on, I got little peace by Rudy Marzco and that because they're not backing off. Those militant pitches, those dikes, they're not backing off. But any of you should have guessed the national before submit women, no it's a private club, three of them, 36 people said that, 43.2% in other words, into private club unless they want to get in. Then of course, different story. I don't care, golf is crap. That was an excellent response to an 86, 36.8% and the correct answer, yes, they're discriminating 153, 19.7%. So anyway, speaking of American Idol, which I'm sure George watched it in St. Kennedy last night, all two hours of Ponderous Boredom, not a second of it. Neither did I. Now to shame, so how do I talk about it? Well, I'm a Matthew Gilbert who writes for the Boston Globe, I got 50 different reviews of that show last night, including a great one in the national post here in Toronto, but it's too long, scathing, just ripping and scathing. And isn't it great that TV continues with their originality? Yeah. You know, this Simon Cowell who is a caustic, bici brits is the key to all these shows. First it was Ann Robinson and now Simon Cowell, you know, biching people out, nasty, British caustic assholes, which you know, I guess it's being redundant. Yeah, but he's a snappy dresser. Is he really? America crowns Kelly Clarkson, it's new Idol. I was reading quotes from some of these broads out there who haven't only have no lives at all, and that there was saying, Oh, Gene, how are we going to do? I mean, we devoted our whole summer to the show and it was like the centerpiece of our lives and what do we do now? I'm thinking to myself, isn't it sad? Maybe they taped it. So many lifeless assholes and so little time. And keeping with the spirit of last night's drawn out American Idol finale writes Matthew Gilbert and the Boston Globe, this review should begin with a repetitive series of commercial breaks from that cola company, that car company and that clothing store. Then it should delay gratification for a few more paragraphs with an A&Top five lists, clips from two months of auditions and of course, Sudo Aranakwit from Brian Duckelman, such as the intensity here is only getting intenser. But instead, let's cut to the chase. Kelly Clarkson, the girl next door with a big city voice when the competition that is consumed TV viewers this summer, just as the first survivor did two summers ago. Just as finally arrived at 9.51 pm after almost two hours of bluster and build up, when Duckelman and co-host Ryan on pointless secrets, finally proclaimed Clarkson the first American Idol. A Texas native Clarkson 20 took a majority of the 15-thed mid-invote that received 2-in-it along with the blessings of all three judges, for prize-able include an RCA recording contract as well as other career-making benefits. Runner up just in Rarini, he of the Annie here in the Come On Eyes, was exceedingly gracious about his laws-hiking Clarkson and saying, no one deserves it more than this woman. Projecting the slick happiness that has charmed his supporters, including a flirtatious Paula Abdul, Rarini was articulate and playful throughout the finale, even while his voice showed signs of wear. Clarkson, on the other hand, was spying and fine singing form, but frequently at a loss for engaging in small talk, answering sequence, quarry about a expertise and with the flustered, I didn't really think about it. Aside from the crowning of Clarkson, the highlights of last night's episode were the two live mid-leads by the 10 finalists, the songs first from the 1960s and then from Motown became, I wait a minute. Isn't that kind of redundant there, I wasn't Motown, not during the 60s? Became the sort of vocal squirrel of Hansard come to respect him as young, Neo-Soul Influence pop singers. Their voices lie to notice that they've been guardling with oil, but at least their medley's mourned is tedious as the can fillet that pet enough most of the two hours the kids at least had some a spark to them. And filler was a generous word for much of last night's finale, which is more like a brightly lit advertising vehicle than a proper TV episode, along with the many commercials, including Fox's relentless promotion of its false schedule, that were add featuring the idle finalists that were designed to look like part of the show. These ads were especially troubling as they further blurred the line between entertainment and commerce, even survivor hasn't sold its contestants to its sponsors yet. Throughout the night, the co-host promised us that the winner would be revealed after the break or unless then an hour. If you were smart, you would ignore them in two days sometime after 1945. So in other words, they melted till like nine minutes before 10 o'clock and then finally, which of course was there, but he knew anyway that she would have won. Right? Indeed. How did the, uh, the, maybe they had them in their summer, but how do I have to get this story out of yesterday's Boston Globe? Is it supposed to the Sun settle in the hero? This could be the most important story of the week. Florida City Commissioner has wallet and pants stolen at gunpoint. Are you familiar with this? No. See? That's because you don't be the Boston Globe, Mister. Pomp and O' Beach. City Commissioner Ed Phillips didn't lose his shirt playing cards this week. He lost his pants. All right. Phillips had a head home and his underwear after being robbed at gunpoint in his own district Sunday night. The stick up follow the card game with friends. Phillips said a car pulled up with two men wearing ski masks. One wave to gun in the other force to mend the head over their pants in their wallets. The robbers got away with the clothing and all the money inside the pockets. Phillips said his wallet contained about 50 bucks. Now he says this number one issue is fighting crime. Good. Ed Phillips up there in poverty. Oh, it's good. Go on, baby. Boston Globe. How do you like that? I didn't see it. All of course, I don't read the book. Oh, and guess what? The, uh, Peter people, your favorites. Yes, indeed. The people for the ethical treatment of animals. They just had a blurb on there. I, it's not on their website yet because they're very slow. And I guess they have to give you some reason to watch Paul's on. But at any rate, they just had a blurb about the Peter people are now showing ads and they showed one of them. They showed the picture anyway, not the whole way. And, uh, it's, uh, a guy with a huge public stick and out. You know, the shirt is like I above and a big public in the neighborhood sticking out, which could be almost anybody in the Western Hemisphere. And, uh, the message is you'll have to pay for two seats on the plane if you're like this. So go vegetarian. Oh, yeah, that works. Isn't that incredible? Is that amazing or what? You know what? I don't know what, Finn vegetarian. I don't know any vegetarians. Well, back in the old days, like when I worked at K. 18, I used to do those horrible boring nutrition shows. There was one guy who weighed about 80 pounds soaking my tall, real skinny. Look, like, I could buy a crane on a bad day. And this guy, he used to eat garlic by the, by the pound and have garlic, bread. Oh, my God. You can't get with it. What did the yard do this guy with all like, swooning? I mean, just, and most of the real, uh, you know, the fanatical nutritional people. That's what they're like, you know, they stink. And the pita people stink too. As much as our love animals, especially dogs, the pita people should only rot. There's a special place in hell for them. Especially the ones that are like attacking the Oscar Meyer Weenermobile. Right. Leave our Weeners alone. Okay. You idiots. You morons. You. And giving it a bit. That unhappy meals. Oh, look at this. It's really police discover carbaman or than Israel. It was not unusual. Shocks. News alert. And what is this news alert business that all the new stations do? If it's breaking news, then it's something new supposedly. But news alert just means that we're hatching the same old crap we already know. Right. There are desperate. Anyway, here's our poll question today. And I got a lot of good stuff. And let me first. Should I give the website first? Oh, yeah. Oh, you got to. The article I read yesterday by, um, Cheryl seal. And I have more of that. There's a five part series that thing about the smoking gun. The 911 evidence that may hang towards WB to five parts series. And I'm going to read just a couple of short pages from that today. Plus one other article about God is a is big on commerce or something like that. By some other authors. But in any rate, the website is news insider.cjb.net. And not only are her articles on there, but the news insider is great. And there's some of the articles on that. You're right now that are a little far out. And you'll say, oh, this is pretty far out. But nevertheless, you pick and choose and whatever you want to believe that's fine. But at least it's a. Wrath of fresh air in terms of really, and boy, you talk about well document. And she's got like a little bibliography at the bottom of her. Uh, each article you go girl exactly. She knows her crap. Believe me. Anyway, news insider dot cjb.net. And you might want to check out that news insider website a lot. Because there's some really fascinating articles on it. Some interesting stuff for people who are interested. I guess not the American Idol crowd, right? Well, no, I don't think that people who watch the American Idol are going to be checking out the news insider or our website. But you never know. There's room a little variety. And I'll mix it up a little bit. Anyway, here's today's poll question, which has nothing to do with any of this stuff. Which of these women do most strongly think is a beard for gaseolobirdies? I don't know what prompted me to do this. I have no idea. Just it just struck me. Which of these women do most strongly think is a beard beard in quotes for gaseolobirdies? J.Lo. Anacornacovah. Britney Spears. Now, the only reason I'm putting her on her is because of just an ticker bell. Lisa Marie Presley. Uh, Brook Shields. Janet Jackson. All of the above or none of the above. Have we got all the bases covered there? I think so. I think we did. And by the way, go vegetarian. They're going to make you pay for two seats on a plane. Dirty and like seaweed. Fubb minutes after nine at the Pita people are some of the worst. They really are next to the next to the God squad. The Pita people are right in there. Right. Let's eat them. In fact, you know something to them, it is a religion. I don't know. That whole thing about don't eat no animals. I like that nice juicy steak. Oh yeah. And you know why I like eating better than that? I give a view. Mmm. Nice baby cow view. Mmm. Why love my feels? See we're back on it again. And I'm not even a view lady. Feel chop. Oh yeah. I might start taking calls again if she'd call. Not. From a chapter nine at five sixty wq a.m. Let me tell you again about how you get a high paid career going being the computer professional. There's an engine jobs out there waiting for you. The question is how do you find a good school. I get you this skills to help you accomplish all of these things. What is only one school that's got fork and vinyl locations all over day and brow are including their spiffy new one and candle. There's one school that's got certified Microsoft instructors. Convenient day evening and weekend classes when it's convenient for you. There's one school that's got full time job placement to parmode over 30 years and with this school you can complete your program get certified in four short months and start making serious cash instead of working in some dead end job. Like so many of you are doing right now. That's cool of course. You know by let's say it all together fast train. We've been talking about fast train till it's coming out of my nose. So get off your butt pick up the phone and call our friends at fast train today. Be sure and tell them that old Todd Drek. Todd I make it a lot of cash. I don't do a goddamn thing for it. Drek. One eight six six fast train. That's one eight six six fast train or check them out on the web at fast train.com. My life and law says it's for 235-65. You wait a week. I know that the Lord even loves Neorodron. At 5.60 WQAM we just can't seem to get the morning show right. So once again we softly advise about our crackhead chicken hop consultant that we apologize for that too. And now 5.60 WQAM proudly presents the Morgan David show. One and no. That's a good question. Do you know who I am? Morgan David. Yeah. That's good. Kishe. I forgot who I was. Is that your name again, Felchis? No! Downby! What do you can call me, Kelby? What is this, Shia? Mark. Mark. What a fake. Two shalties. Mark. Take it back. I've on fish Nova. I'm on fish Nova. I can't add it here. It's about you. I've got me coffee. I've got the punch card full here for schoolguins. I've got a free cup. Devil, wait a minute. I'll be supposed to talk about sports. Oh yeah. And I've been telling you about the time I had lunch with Joe Peppetone. How about that? How are he cane? Shuffleboard team. I don't got that no more. She's spent. Since they got rid of the rocker board. She's on Collins Avenue. Oh, it's a good thing I bought the No-Major on rules. Woohoo! We'll see the cards. Yeah, Dragon Band, Dragon Band. Yeah, no, no. I got you, Crak, baby. Bam! Woohoo! What was that? I slipped my wig. Phew! It smells bad in here like tochi. Damn. So, buddy, say we do a nice remote from the festival flea mark. Sounds good to me. Yeah, they got a lot of nice punches, man. Okay, let's go. Okay. Perfect. Yeah, we need. I can use another vacation. 917 at 560 WQM Board. Liz Taylor's going to run away with this. And I was relaxing to put her on there, you know? Huh? I've run it for Lisa Barit. I did too. So we got two of those three votes. He's got, Liz Taylor's got seven. The poll just went up there on theorages.com. Liz Taylor seven, we're talking about Beards. Rooksheels too. And, fact, I want to not start here in Toronto that one day. She had a nice beard. Perfect. But the one I'm talking about. So, Salmon Rushdie, who also has a nice beard. I'm sure the people who watch American Idol don't know who he is. They probably think that's what you're having for Luston A. Salmon Rushdie. Close. But anyway, the Freedom from Religion Foundation, quotes has a quote from him on this blurb that you facts to me this morning. Speaking of religion, speaking of the God squad, he said, in India as elsewhere in our darkening world, religion is the poison in the blood. Where religion intervenes mere innocence is no excuse. If we go on skating around this issue, speaking of religion, the fashionable language of respect. What is there to respect in any of this, or in any of the crimes not being committed, almost daily around the world in religious dreaded name. Can't imagine why the Iotollos upset with him, Kenya? No, why he put that spot on him? Right. He's got to hit out on him. See, he wouldn't have a spot on why if he just be vegetarian. That's what the Peter people were telling. I had a fight one last night. Did you really? Druggy. Anyway, Saturday, October 6, 2001 in the Guardian. Oh, a Brit paper in the Guardian. Let's get back to life for what Salmon Rushdie. I'm not going to read the whole thing. There's just one pair of one or two paragraphs. I'm going to read. Above the article, it says, let's call. Let's get back to life. How do we defeat terrorism by embracing our everyday lives without fear, right Salmon Rushdie, was had to balance his own security and freedom for more than a decade, since after the Iotollopot that fought war on him since he didn't want to crazy about that book. Anyway, in the midst of this, he says, terrorism is the murder of the innocent. This time it was mass murder, meaning 9-11, to excuse such a atrocity by blaming US government policies is to deny the basic idea of all morality that individuals are responsible for their actions. Furthermore, terrorism is not the pursuit of legitimate complaints by illegitimate means. The terrorist wraps himself in the world grievances to cloak his true motives. Whatever the killers are trying to achieve, it seems improbable that building a better world was part of it. The fundamentalist seeks to bring down a great deal more than buildings. Such people are against to offer just a brief list, freedom of speech, a multi-party political system, universal adult suffrage, a kind of a government, Jews, homosexuals, women's rights, pluralism, secularism, short skirts, dancing, weirdlessness, evolution theory and sex. These are tyrants, not Muslims. Islam is tough on suicides. He says, who are doomed to repeat their deaths through all eternity, however, there needs to be a thorough examination by Muslims everywhere of why it is that the faith that they love read so many violent mutant strains. If the West needs to understand its unabomers and Macvazes, Islam needs to face up to which bin Laden's. And it goes on like the entire article. See, I would tell George before the show instead of finding a specific website for a lot of stuff. If you just do a search, like do a search for a salmon rasty, which is what I did. And you'll find all kinds of good crap. You know what I'm saying? I don't you say. You want something good search for it? That's my model and usually it pays off. Anyway, so speaking of Cheryl Seal, like I said, the article out of our right yesterday, which we had 80 million calls off the year and all around the place for people a lot of nowhere they could find that. Let me say it again, newsinsider.cjb.net. Because that article first appeared in the news insider. It's called smoking gun, the 911 evidence that may hang George W. Bush, and this is in the first part, just a couple of pages that I didn't get to yesterday. I don't have time to be the whole thing, as I said, it's five parts. Although, you know, something may be a will. Maybe you've to mood strikes. Okay. And I'll tell you right now, I was wrong about our strike against Iraq and 911. That's pretty obvious, because Congress, you have to look into that later. But they're going to vote on it in October. But they're going to prove our resolution. Although, you know, he's still never know. And the other thing too is it's still down, even though it's September. It's early September. It's still like summertime, hotter and hell. And one thing we don't want to do is fight a summertime war in the desert. Anyway, she writes, Cheryl Seale, at the very least, Bush allowed 911 to happen. But the evidence indicates his guilt involves more than just a huge, intentional, sin of omission, and this now seems certain. So it is also for, from altar also for many to watch him, Cheney, Congolese arrives in their PR army, try to sell America yet another big lie, that they had no idea such a thing as 911 could happen. They could never have imagined it in their wildest dreams. They had no specific warnings. There was nothing unusual about the summer, 2000 more mornings, etc. etc. Adnauseum. I've compiled some material that clearly shows that the above-litany is blatantly arrogantly false. But first, let's hold a preliminary hearing in the court a common sense. The sea through a wall of propaganda and determine what's really going on. One must tune out the spin completely and take a good objective. Look at what has been done and what their parties involved have to gain by their actions. Let's look at the well-documented facts. First, when Bush writes in the other top-oresh mice, through the skirt of the warning on August 6th, Bush is a approval rating that sunk to just 49%, this is the red zone for a president, asking any political expert or presidential historian, hit 45% in impeachment may soon loom on horizon. Second, Bush's actions throughout his entire life show a clear and consistent pattern. Without exception, he's always chosen the path of al-benefit himself and his corporate friends the most, and will do so in the face of even the most outraged criticism. Third, the stolen election of 2000 proves that Bush was willing to participate in a very daring, very large-scale crime and pursuit of power. Fourth, Bush's father approval ratings won from shaky to astronomical, within a month of declaring war on an evil terrorist leader back in 1991. This blessing could hardly have been lost on Bush's junior. Start a war on the emotions of the public can be whipped up to a point that will push presidential approval ratings way way up. So given the above-fact as evidence, what do you imagine a self-serving man who has faced no serious opposition from Congress? The press or the American public would be likely to do? A book he would most certainly lay out that Bush would stand aside and allow an event like 9-11 to happen. Another action that must be considered in the cold hard light of day is Bush's behavior after 9-11. He sees, upon national fears, work that intensifying them and immediately, without waiting for Congress or serious discussion with other nations, call for an attack on Afghanistan and a global war on terrorism. At the same time, he worked through John Aschcroft with stunning swiftness to this mantle of civil liberties. These are not the actions of a leader who wants to keep his nation calm, reassured and standing tallness principles in the wake of tragedy. These are the actions of an opportunist who knows from watching his father's presidency that the window of opportunity for consolidating his power will be narrow. Bush seniors approval rating high lasted only a few months. Should I read that again? Bush seniors approval rating high lasted only a few months. Last, why would Bush admit having been warned about 9-11 in the first place? In the corporate and political world, this admission is a strategy that's been used over and over by creeps to our guilty of huge crimes and know the heat is on. But confessing to our lesser charge, they try to draw the heat away from the main more dangerous issue. Can't lay the head of Anderson and every criminal is ever copped or tried to cop a plea bargain, have used this ploy. If Bush were innocent of any complicity in 9-11, why should he make any statement? It's always the guilty you feel the need to make statements. I am not a crook, I never had sex with that woman or above how about that the role of tobacco industry CEOs who lost more than none of the new that the product was harmful or addictive. Therefore, based on the evidence, I would say we have a phony president who's guilty is hell who knows that someone has the goods on him and is breathing down his neck. He's gambling that by making preemptive strikes while he still has control of the media, he can spin a protective wall against a round himself. Thus, we have Dick Taney appearing on 5-19 on Meet The Press being interviewed about the 9-11 flat by his friend and neighbor Tim Russert. Yep, that's right. Both interviewer and interviewer we live in the futile exclusive, Caroloma suburb of DC, where houses started around a million dollars. In fact, on the same program, Russert had the arrogance to even mention how he seen his buddy out taking the air in his new It's Scooter, how cozy. And this is what's being served to American the name of a free non-is pressed. You got a problem? Just pick up all in the press, or until I'm a question you want, him or her to ask so he can spin them in just the way you want. Russert asked Taney how he responded to charges that the information existed in several reports would show that a world-trance entertainment attack was a possibility. Taney responded incredibly that reading all those reports word his concern, there are just two darn many of them. Russert left his ridiculous response go totally unchalleled and unqualified. Here are the questions that are missing. The questions are real journalists would have asked. So then Mr. Taney just what are your criteria for a report that's important enough for you to read? How do you prioritize what you read or what those under you are directed to call your attention what reports on this matter did you read? It's insulting to America's intelligence that such questions are not being asked. It's like a grand jury that refuses to ask a murder suspect questions like where were you on the night of such and such? What was your relationship to the victim? But instead says well here's what we heard from the police that someone thinks you may have killed someone. Go ahead and explain yourself don't worry. We won't interrupt you. We ask any time comfortable questions and by the way, your good panel lives down the black volunteer to serve as jury foreman. Here's one last fact to consider. The GOP spent $40 million to pursue an ultimately mirror at this case against Clinton that involved dilling an intern and some questionable real estate deals. Since Bush took office not one dime has been spent out by Congress to investigate Taney in a secret energy dealings. Bush has stolen election, Tom Delay's boiler room scans that have built doctors out of millions. The mysterious wild trading of a American in the United Airlines stock the week before 9.11 were running of the other crimes that were far more serious than Clinton's offenses. Meanwhile the GOP so we could have spent millions to investigate an office romance has worked overtime to block the initiation of any serious investigation into the biggest crime to have ever been perpetrated on American soil that claimed nearly 3,000 lives. Wake up America. So here I'll seal. 9.27 at 5.50 PM. Wake up and go to see Tom Laman, the HALIPONIACGMC. He's always there got a big smile on this pussy even if he don't like you. Like me, you know, I'm not so sure he really does like me all that much but he sure put on a good act. In fact he likes me so much he's created the Neil Deal at HALIPONIACC, so I guess he does. Save big bucks and all Pony Action GMC's in stock. Just mention you heard me talking about the Neil Deal on this show and he'll go nuts. Stop by HALIPONIACGMC. They're in the same great spot they've been doing it right by people for over 35 years which in South Florida as you know is a major miracle. 134.01.6. You highway that's US want to cross from the falls where right now as I speak. Air V vehicle is marked with the lowest price and mentioned the Neil Rogers Deal and you'll find out it's not the lowest price goes they'll knock it down even lower. And while you're there take a peek at the complete line of GMC SUVs including the on-boy, voted by Motor Trend is SUV of the year and the all new vibe SUV that's got the power of a sports car. They'll treat your ride to help. They got a dependable selection of great pre-owned cars, trucks and sport utility vehicles and if anybody else has turned it out recently for credit not a problem at health I'll get you a deal cut. So get you the Neil Rogers Deal right now at HALIPONIACGMC open every day seven days a week for more info call 305-238-4040. That's 305-238-4040 for HALIPONIACGMC. They be professional great. survive in local f stations國 radio five sixty 28 & CDC's though dział Rangers born Sing's Madonna I'm a little late, I'm a little late Oh, we're the same kids, you're the new kids You're the new kids Oh, I'm in love with a beautiful stranger Oh, oh, we're the same kids Oh, I'm crazy for you You'd be crazy if you didn't get Kelly-Itsborn Sing's Madonna, Barfax, so separately I'm a tear-wee, you're a woman I'm a tear-wee, you're a girl She'd do me the best, I've had a 932-560 WCM Now this is from Roland Wach and Washington, you just passed me Yes, as the factors are stuck in here I'm purring in the background, hot and heavy Bush has a word for it even if the dictionary doesn't He sure has a way with word, doesn't he? Oh, for a man un-tumbled by the need for linguistic purity President Bush had passed even in his selfiest That Azy sought to portray President Saddam Hussein as a scheming and evasive dictator Decouring that Saddam had crawfished out of previous agreements with the United Nations, Mr. Bush accused him of stiffing the world In doing so, Mr. Bush appeared to be an embedded a word The verb to crawfish is unknown even to slang dictionaries Although it must arrive from the crawfish or crayfish or freshwater Crustation According to linguistics experts, such evocative use of the word as a verb as grown in recent years in the US to describe someone who backs out of a position Asked about the President's use of the word Larry Flasheris spokesman referred to a broken Iraqi commitment to the Sarm adding, this is what Saddam Hussein has tried his best to sloth out of as President put it to crawfish out of. Mr. Bush went on to say that he would use him to dress the United Nations General Assembly next week to call upon the word to recognize that he is stiffing the world. In this context, the President of Mancheting or Dupling the world and American who has been short change were completely vernacular being stiffed. But it may be wise for Mr. Bush to rethink his choice of words before he dresses the United Nations in New York on September 12 and he is a part from threatening to pledge the simultaneous translators into meltdown, such language feeds the image overseas of Mr. Bush as a hopelessly in our ticket. Trigger happy cowboy won the Tony Blair was it pains to say this Wiki regards his appearance. But it's not the first time that Mr. Bush's very diverse with his home sponge choice of words to articulate and to articulate pivotal moments in his presidency in the days after 9.11 Mr. Bush referred to the nine of those 19 hijackers as those folks when talking of al-Qaeda he promised to smoke him out and he was the famous lapse in the folks you read a week he demanded Osama bin Laden dead or alive. Which we don't even know if he's dead or alive much less have him dead or alive. But nevertheless, he's your answer to the word, don't he? He's a real cow. Let me just say this to you. You don't think in during the break. So Congress is going to vote in October. Pastor Berzel Luzin to give him authority to go ahead and shoot up Iraq and go after Saddam and the evil of Duers. Now, once you election, I remember. Oh, remember. I'm my birthday. You remember November 5th. Well, if they pass your resolution saying early October, I'm just thinking out loud. You know what I'm saying? I don't want to say that they would exploit that situation and invade just before the midterm elections. I think it could backfire. You think so? I think so. You think that the public is really all that bright? Not bright. It's just that nobody really understands why we need to go do that. Oh, by the way, Lynn Samuel's. I forgot, you know, Booker came in last week and he said to me, Lynn Samuel's is just obsessed with it. Which we already know then. You know, Lynn Samuel's from WBC News. Talk to you later. Yes. And she just backs this and it says, I don't know why she addresses it to Booker Brown. She's also obsessed with him. She's called he hangs out. He's here and he hangs out. You know how, you know how, screw in is obsessed with most back. Well, Lynn is obsessed with the book as ball spots. So don't worry that that hairpiece book. She won't like anymore. We refer to that ball spot as his head. She says, does Neil know about WWWW. obscure store dot com and has some really good stories. I know he would love. My site is not funny. WWWLINSANUALS dot com. Okay. Thank you, Lynn. I've got those right over here. See, I'm, I think, what I'm going to start doing. Because, you know, a lot of the stuff you find in New York, well, the York Times got pretty good stories. That's not a good reason. I'm the York Post. Boston Harold. Globe is got good stuff. But a lot of the stuff is kind of pedestrian. You know what I mean? I know you mean. I don't like the Cheryl, whatever her name is. What was your name? I had to hear a second ago. It's the one with the seal. Cheryl sealed. It would have just flat your arms and make like a seal, boy. Let's see. Here's the book on the article, shocking the bush wanted to stop the publishing of the book. Oh, and look at that. Break down. How America's intelligence failures by this September 11th by Bill Gerts. They wanted to stop the publishing of it. Well, that's great. I'm going to go out and pick it up today. The world's largest bookstore right here downtown. I don't know what that is. Oh, yeah, I got the alanto story. Thank you very much. Boy, do we, you know something we need about 10 hours today? I know. We need about 10 hours. Here's the editorial today's Palm Beach. I've had you something. I used to make fun of that paper. Probably because it's a cox paper. We used to work for cox in the, you know, the book. I have to ask. But nevertheless, Palm Beach Post has got some pretty interesting stuff. Including stuff you won't find in the Harold of the Sun Sentinel. Very often. What a shocker. Yeah. Here's the editorial today. It's short. It's Regiers of Pologists. Two days later of support for Jerry Regier from the Republican Women of the Florida House is as newsworthy as a testimony of two Bill Clinton from Hugh Hefner. Governor Bush's mistake in choice to become Secretary of the Department of Children and Families came under criticism for among many other things, having his name on writings that chastised women who work outside the home. The 11 female GOP House members, none of whom works at politics from home, signed a letter in which they called news reports of Mr. Regiers record debatable, and said he should have the chance to run the agency that under Governor Bush has gone from troubled. To dysfunctional. Representative Sandra Merman Republican at Tampa chairs a committee created to investigate DCF, made it a point to say that the governor had not asked him to send the letter. So did the governor. They said it makes you believe that he did. Either way, Representative Merman would have more credibility if for recent actions hadn't shown that like the governor she puts politics first. In May, Representative Merman praised the panel of Governor Bush's act with political allies to give him cover after the William Wilson story, bro. Representative Merman made no serious public criticism of former DCF secretary. Patlin Kerny even though Mrs. Merskerny's need your policy of removing children from home is created a crunch in foster care. Representative Merman at first claim the governor Bush had provided all the new money to DCF in fact most of it came from the federal government. Unable to erase Mr. Regiers record Republicans are trying to spin it. This attempt failed. Editor on the Palm Beach post today. Short sweet to the point. I'm, you know, I'm getting more excited about what's his name bill. What's his name? Oh, Riley. No, our candidate for governor Bill. What is it? Make bride. Say it again real fun. Make a big bride. I know what I'm saying. Bill McBride. I think he's a, you know, you know what the best thing he's got going for him? He's not Janet. He's not Jim Bush. Oh, well, that's who. Yeah. And he's not Janet. And I think we're both right. He's not Janet and he's not Jim Bush. Both of those things were heavily in his favor. And he's a little boy from over there in Tampa. Yep. We had walk in London and I like good old boys. Florida likes good old boy. Yep. And Tyler has the good. Bush really in a good old boy. He's, you know, he was born with a silver golden spoon in his. Correct. And he's never worked a real solid day in his life. He was to write in that family. That family and the Kennedy's. Although the Kennedy's at least. I will say this for some of them because most of our scumbags. But some of them at least, you know, they go in and do some real good public service. You know what I'm talking about? They have a social conscience. The kind of. Right. That's right. And even if they don't accomplish very much, at least it looks good. Even if they are a bunch of hard dogs didn't start charging. Try to start the piece core. I don't know. Well, he did. Look it up and look up. Sergeant, driver on there. Okay. And he ran. Who didn't he run with? He was vice president. Okay. Would monday. Was it. You're asking me. Like I was a child. Was that what's going on? But who was the vice president? He's your candidate with the dokaca. Wasn't it. Wasn't it a little dean? Look at a. Geraldine Ferraro. Oh, Geraldine Ferraro. That's right. How soon they forget. Next we're going to be playing music from the godfather and the sopranos. Remember that business? You know something. She have totally put her out of my mind. She's going to be talking. Good plan. I wish I could. Faded it. And you know something I like her for that. Go on. Yeah. You're a little bit. No, no, no. I'm going to get a break. Okay. And let's put this little trophy guy who's against the death penalty. Oh, look at. I just see me in the tank. And what was the guy's name? Reggie and I reggie jack. So what was the guy's name? Was him. It was a baseball player. The guy that he led out of the god out of jail early and killed all those people because of the laws and mass attuctions. That's what killed him. He was way ahead of the polls against Bush one. And then that Willie. Willie. Willie who? T-Rids. Willie T-Rabs. I think that's what it was. It was Willie somebody. Somebody will know. Anyway, another death wish there by the Democrats. Twenty till ten at five sixty WQM. How tell you one thing? If your carpets look like they had a death wish some time ago. And they're well on the way to their fulfilling their desires. Here's the answer. Drive concepts. They'll uppercom up and revive your carpets and make them look just like brand new. I keep talking about this for years and years and years over twenty years now. I've been talking about drive concepts and guess what? I've been using them in my home for that period of time. And I'll ask you this question. If they weren't doing a spectacular job in my house. Sponsor or not. You think I haven't keep coming back? No. Of course not. You think my mother would use him? My picky aunt would use him with all her money. She could afford to have anybody in the world. But the bottom line is drive concepts are the best. They make your carpets look sparkling, vivid, vivid and massive. That's right. And the price is always right because they give you a written guaranteed price before they start the job. None of these per room scam deals. None of these tack on to the end of the job. A written guaranteed price before they start the job. Your carpets drive a couple of hours and you'll have an amazing look on your posts. And drives concepts also doesn't unbeatable job cleaning your furniture. Your drapery. They do spot dying fiber protection. Carpet repairs. In plant oriental rug service for your vanimal oriental rugs. The odorization and complete water damage restoration if you have ever flood. Nobody does it like these folks. You'll find out if you use in the first time you never call anybody else either. In Broward called 954-37077-78. 954-37077-78. And data pump beats its toll free 1-800-248-5071. 1-800-248-5071. Clean today. Entertainmentite. With dry concepts. The world's alive and local. Be a species 560. The re-usoleurs. How cute we are. Dumb Jack. Music. Every got 10 days of new season morning. We have a yellow light at the night. They have so good to hide. The yellow light. But if you lay it tight. With green and paint. Kind of the blue, blue, blue. Like the yellow light. The night. Look for a pretty yellow light. And that's why. We have a yellow light. Kind of explain. Kind of a blue, blue, blue. What do you like to do? What do you like to do? Which is better than with the dead of your hands. And two don't go too. Ooh. And data pump. They want it to turn the light. As a yellow light. They're nice. But they get the light. Kind of the light. We have a yellow light. A blue light. Every got 10 days of new season morning. And data you are going. We have a yellow light. But everything. But they get the light. We have a yellow light. A blue light. Every got 10 days of new season morning. I'm just making a wild guess. If I offered to give you a million dollars in cash and small bills. Could you tell me under what light we are today? The specialtions. It's only like six days before the anniversary of 9.11. Does anybody out there know what light we're under? No. And time range. You ain't doing too much today. I thought that would be like on the crawl. You know how you have the station logo in the corner. Right. That's right. And along with the temperature and albaca. The other stuff they put on the crawl on the bottom. And all the say today is an amber light there. And then you can't put amber light because amber is with the image and get a little light. And one of the corners is like the light. Right. That's right. Just show us the color of it. And for those of you are color blind. Just get out of the bed. So somebody at WL one of our chronic factors gives me answers to both questions. Sergeant Trevor Rain with George McGovern. And you are absolutely correct. Boy, I'll tell you. It seems like just yesterday was 1872. It's 30 years ago this year. 72. And Willie Horton with the baseball player. See you wouldn't know that because you're a hard-ass anti-sports fan. Willie Horton of the Detroit Tigers right fielder. Asked her any hard-well health side. I remember the Willie Horton days because I'm an old fart. And I'm proud of it. Yeah. Willie Horton was the guy that got out under jail or on early parole. Axe murderer. And then we're going to boot you up a whole family or something. And the do caucus. And then what's that came out of it? I can just tell you how I'm going to say. I'm going to say a new. I'm going to debate with him in Bush one. And he said, well, I'm against capital punishment, but I'm tough on crime. And it was all the spring and sniggering. They were kind of niggardly. Anyway, Rich, packed you. You know, you're a good guy, Rich. And I appreciate this article. Did you see how small the print is in this article? It looks just like lines. And he's also tell Eric to put the link on Charles seal on your site. There's no e on the end of seal by the way. Rich, I don't want to correct you. You know, you're a great guy, Rich. And you sent us a lot of good stuff in the Boca Brian can't stay. Who isn't a poor Harvey Junior can't stay? Whatever. And Boca Brian's a little pissed off too, would I rest the two songs I like to you keep giving them. So at any rate, he also says in today's episode, this article, which I'm going to tell you. I'm going to try to read this. You know, when you go to the eyed doctor for your annual eye exam or however often you go, when you get to be like me and you diabetic you go over here. And I mean, if I can read this, I've got to be one amazing old fart. I'll say that right now, if the audience could see the print, how does this happen by the way? You know what I'm saying? Because I print stuff out from the hero all the time. Don't know. How does Rich Packers computer print something out that's so small? You follow? I give up. Maybe it's just, maybe it's the pretty, maybe it's a little thrifty. You know what I'm saying? Or AKA Jewish. And he wants to save on paper on fact paper. So we've got everything like scrunched way down on his printing setup. Anyway, I'll give him my best shot. And we already told her by the way to put this year. I'll see you link on there. What's the name of that thing? Don't. I have a mental block on it, damn website. God, dammit. I got it. He was in the theater.cjb. No, it's inside. Okay, dot cdb, cdb, cjb, cjb. That net. Cheney unqualified to champion Warren Iraq. I got to get to my thing about Canadian Senate panel or just legalization of pie. Oh, in this strange that it seems that where I have these studios, and Amsterdam, and now where Canada is on the verge of legalizing pie. Is not a strange coincidence when I don't even spoke it. That is. Seems like kind of a waste. I think that often. Maybe we ought to like just bring you up here and send me back down there and send you to Amsterdam. Okay. No. I've just said maybe. Cheney unqualified to champion Warren Iraq. I'm just trying to brave up to see if I can read this. Austin Texas. Excuse me. I don't want to be techie or anything. I who wrote this. Oh, Molly Ivins. Great. From Texas. One of the Bush Nemesis. Excuse me. I don't want to be techie or anything, but hasn't had occurred to anyone in Washington that's sending by President Dick Cheney out to champion and invasion of Iraq on the grounds that Senator St. is a murderous dictator or somewhere between bad taste and flaming hypocrisy. I can't believe I'm reading this seriously. I wish everybody knew it. It's good to see the size of this print. And you don't even have your magnivision reading lenses. Not yet. When Cheney was CE. Oh. Of the old buddy that he from halab. The or see I can't read it. The oil. Oil. Why? Oil field supply firm. What what pages this on? Because I can during the next break. I can download on myself. And it's not going to be print like this. This is this is unacceptable. It's in today's hero that's Demali Ivins got so much beyond the op-ed page, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Because this is this is just too. I mean, I got to the first sentence and I'm very pleased about that. But I'm it's just too much of it. You know, as bad as I bumble and fumble through much of this stuff. Because when you're reading stuff for four hours times, jika. It's not easy to do without bumbling and fumbling and stumbling. You know what I'm saying? Tom, little Tommy. Now that I'm not curping on the south forward to seeing and about how the driving sucks in the humidity is bad and it rains like crazy every day. You know, I'm talking about a little Tommy who still has it discovered that there was a goddamn reading book in the spring. He's kind of like he's kind of like Greg Reed with your brope bonus. He's like 10 days late and $15 short. That's a little Tommy jika. So just ignore it. You know, the fact that there was a story there. I'm probably crunched and said this stuff anyway. The sports shows are waiting sucked anyway. Long history though. Right. And so they don't have it. Him or Kevin Bastard. Because I'm sure Kevin Bastard had the information. And the only reason that jika should feel compelled the spirit of somebody should compel him to write it because he was the doubting Thomas. Oh, well, Rogers is biggest challenge. I still had that call article over here. Yeah, he's going to write another column about how Ronny was. Yeah, well, at least I can talk about how Ronny was all the guy at the end. Time. I have a comment in my hand right now with Tom Spatface in it. For he sure got fast based on his old age. Didn't it? With his fat based push. Probably too many females up there in a guy named pressboxed caller. Let's see. WCM will be coming for Boba. This contract talking about tomorrow's show moving to nine. Aim to one PM not only out of the market but out of the country. Rogers is successfully reinvented himself several times. But as latest reincarnation might be as great as challenge. He'd be hit by Boba. Uh, my essential acting is the voice of his audience. Complaining about South Florida's weather and traffic is neighbors. His merchants and doctors and coworkers. Most of that will be lost within thousands of miles away. Let me ask you this. I was there for a week last week doing the show every day. What was the difference? Other than my fat push was there. What was the difference? The difference to what? Now I'll tell you what the difference was Thursday morning. We didn't have the internet. There you go. Yeah. Have I ever lost the internet here? No. Or an Amsterdam? For one minute? No. No. By the way, wasn't Thursday morning. When was it? It was Thursday. Day. Oh, that's right. I understand. Corrected. An entire day. Thanks to our good close personal friends at Bell South who suck the big one. And I don't care if our buddy Jeff is listening. You guys suck the big one. Jeff, we like you. But we think. But your company blows. I have Bell's in Pateco here. No problem at all. No sweat. Every day's right there. Want to click on something? It's there immediately. It's there like lightning. Like grease trick and lightning. The only thing that ever slows it down like everybody else is that guy named Span, which I have an article on that later. Come to find out that the people are claiming to like eliminate Span. Yeah. They're spamming. Rogers argues he can keep up with South Florida 5. The internet and the fact is that local newspapers. But it's difficult to get an accurate fix on the mood of a community at second Ann. Rotami Jika. Right. In the two weeks he's been in Toronto. This is way back when. What was the day of this piece? This piece of crap. Give any idea? No. Well, obviously it was back in the middle of March. After I've been here doing two weeks. Rogers program has changed in noticeable ways. He spans in an inordinate amount of time, which previously might have been devoted to Carping a local scene, reading newspaper magazine articles like this one again. Tom. Also was producer and Phil enjoyed Rodriguez has become almost an equal partner in the broadcast. Which is ludicrous. You don't speak one word more now than you ever did before. Not one. Not one word. Maybe Rogers is priming the end. This is got to be. I mean, all the idiotic things I've read in this South Florida Sun Center for the Ford Law and whatever it is. That's that rag. Maybe Rogers is priming the pump that Rodriguez do the show with him calling in his Do-Wim takes him crazy. That's the orment WQA. That last part is right. It is crazy. It's beyond crazy. The station. But I'm just going to take that paycheck. They're going to keep sending those pay checks. And I'm just going to call in every now and then when I feel like it let George do the show. You're talking about you idiot you civil and you vault in a geek. Got to see you. And then when he cut we the first rating book the entire book the entire spring book I was Out of town except for like the two weeks I came back. One week in April when we can do and we still kicked out on a show. It's about the fact that rest of the station was in the crapper that happens. You know, we can understand parts of it. But this time right one single word the correct is there. No, because that would make him look bad. So we just assumed that the people who listen to this show there where you know about it. Nobody else better find out that he made a glaring error. I mean, wouldn't it be a lot more interesting for me to be sitting down there talking to a bunch of morons. Hey, it is a douchebag and talking about how the driver's suck. You know, I mean after 26 and a half years time what is there luck for me to say about the soft floor to scene. And as far as missing the pulse of it, I was there for a week. I kept searching for a pulse. I couldn't find one. I couldn't find one. I can walk outside here. I can go out on a young street, which, by the way, is the longest street in the world. Did you know that? You told me that. And I can go out to anywhere in, when 10 seconds. No, I take that back. I can walk to, I can get on the elevator and go down and lobby on my building. I take that back. I can put on the monitor here. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. I can sit right here. In fact, let me turn it on right now. There's the door. There's the door in my building. The inner door. Okay. And there, here's the security camera. Look at that. There's a guy right there who's under the age of 100. Pretty heavy. But nevertheless, kind of a few of the people in the building. That's why I'm here. In 10 seconds, I'll find more living and breathing people than I will in that whole week that I was in South Florida. How many times have we done that test? Why tell you, when your car driving on 95 or on 75 or on a turnpike? It just looked at your left and looked at your right. Look around you. Does anybody under the age of 100 or anybody who doesn't look like they just crawled off of an animal? Not very rarely. Very rarely. And then, of course, you get in a vague county. Any white people around? No. No. I mean, not that that's bad. You know, I mean, not everybody can look in places like... In my country we have no need to go. Like that. We got a lot of sparks, it's just one of those things. Ninth fit and mammal likes it otherwise you'd have no colors. Ninth fifty. How come my clock over here on the web page is 927? This is going to be a long show if Eric... That's 956 on 9. On the web page? Ninth is 92745. I'm not... But you're not... On the home page? On your... Neal's page? Wow. 956 at 560WQM. Macris Shopping. I've been telling you about this for a few years now. And I'm right. This is one thing you can debate anything else I tell you. You've got to be full of crap to go out there and stop for a mattress in your car. Why are you doing that? Because first of all, you're going to waste a lot of gas. A lot of time, you're going to help the pay for some big fancy fancy stores overhead by help pay them for their rent. But if you call that a mattress, who doesn't have that big overhead, you're going to get yourself the best thing. You're going to get yourself the best deal all the way around. Just call 1-800 mattress. You'll be immediately... If not sooner, connected to an expert bedding consultant who's only job is Tokyo. But the best brand name mattress is Nunbeatable Price. They're not selling lamps one day. And so far, the next... And then maybe mattresses once in a while. And believe you me, they know their stuff. They'll hook you up with exactly what you like to sleep on. And the top brands in the world, they got them all. They got surdates, silly, Simmons King Coil. They got kings, they got queens, they got twins, they got whatever you want. And when you call that number, you pick today in the tour window any day, seven days, wait for delivery. When it's convenient for you when you're going to be there anyway. Instead of sitting around waiting all day praying that somebody shows up. And Dilematch herself gives you that unbeatable 30 day in home comfort guarantee. So you test it out the right way by sleeping on it up to a month to make sure it's the right one for you and your back. So if you want to start getting a great night sleep tonight and every night for years to come, pick up that phone right now and call Dilematchress 1-800-MATRIES 1-800-MATT-T-R-E-S or check out on the wayabedmatrix.com. The wayabedmatrix is the best way to get a good night. We're a sports video 5-6-1-A-M. W-W-A-M. W-W-A-M. Hello, this is Albert Gendelier. For years I've been shopping in the Husky section of Ginole, I mean I was born 14-pound six-hour-sis and I've been growing ever since. Okay? I'm 5-4-8 anyway, you want to measure me. But I am not alone. And now, we might throw a horizontal and we challenge people if they're not big as crisis today. No one uses North Can't Flynn in the 99th set menu. I'm talking about Dilem and just be now on the charges for two seats. FYI I've started fracking for a guy about two seats. Here's a deal. If I'm going to pay for two seats, I want two of everything. Two movies, two meals, two times sky-mole catalogs, and especially two bags of peanuts. And this is not negotiable. If I'm the man, it's cannot be met. The way my fellow men of birth will start preserving only ILC. So you're a real people, not being able to get it out like you want. So view, are exceptionally large. Join me in my fight. Pick up one of our brochures. It's a picture of our celebrity spokesperson, John Gallo, Luis Fainac, Howard. You can get them in any of Mario's big and tall stories. Because don't forget, all male creators equal. Even if the width of their bites weren't, thank you for your support. You're welcome. Hey, the Peter people are going to be really pissed with you. Better go of vegetarian. It's 10-01 at 5-60WQ. But yes, what I just did. Farted? And beside that, I printed out this story from the Harold Molly Ivan's column today in the op-ed page. I'm going to ask you a question. It's a very nice big print. It looks beautiful. Just like all the other stuff I printed out. So now you can read Halliburton. Hey, Rich, you better get with it, baby. Let's see, which of these women used most strongly think is a beard for gay celebrities? I guess the holiday mob is going to be the crank vote because that wasn't getting anything. And all of a sudden it's got 23. Elizabeth Taylor 23, Lisa Marie Presley 13, none of the above 10, Brittany Spears 8, and a corner hole yet eight, Brooke Shield 6, Janet Jackson 2, and JLo has got none, which I find that highly amusing. To me, she's, I didn't vote for her, but she's certainly one of the most suspect. Since her first husband turned out to be a gay dancer or something like that, and then her second husband was a peed diddly, and then she, the third marriage's last about about a week and a half. Right? I just, you know, I could be wrong about that. Anyway, Cheney, CM still not going to get to my pot story here, but I'll get to it. And then we got the monk thing and Cheney won't release energy papers. We need a 20-hour show, okay? But I'm sure that our entire audience who was busy watching American Idol last night, I'm sure they wrote all of this stuff. I'm sure they wrote all of this stuff. They're probably being Tom Jick's column. You know what, Tom's writing about today? I give up. Well, it's not really an article. It's the cooking show schedule. I'm serious. I want you to go right now on a Sun Sentinel website. Seriously. Okay. Click it up, you on it. I'm getting there. Sun Sentinel. And then on the left hand side, where you're like scrolling the menu. You got it? I'm getting there. Jesus, is that thing slower? What? I have to hand. You got it? Alright. Sun Sentinel. Do you want me to spell it for you? On the left hand side, where it is loading. Where it says columns? What do you mean it's loading? It's connecting the host, looking up host. Oh, come on. You see what I mean about Bell South. Few people. If I click that on right here, it's on it within a half a second. Like it should be on a real conb with a real, you know what I'm saying? It's a real high speed internet connection, where it says channels. Columns, columns, not channels, columns. CoLUMNS columns. Am I going too fast for you? No, I just don't see that. Okay. I'll get on it with you. Okay. Let's do it together. Let me swing the mic over here by my LSE. SunSentinel.com. I just clicked it on my list. And there it is. How long did that take about a quarter of a second? Yeah. On the left hand side, it says news. Got that? Yeah. South Florida Nation World Cuba. Columns. Columns. Have you got it? Nope. It's in the channels list. He says. Okay. There it is. You must have a different menu than I got. How's that? Well anyway, if you got SunSentinel column, I got news columns. Okay. Features column this. Tom Jicka, TV at radio. Put that on. Okay. I'm finding it. Oh, this is just unbelievable. This is, I'm never coming back. I am not coming back to a new neck. I'm serious. I'm not coming back to a new neck. I'm serious. I'm not coming back to a new neck. Okay. And what is this first one say today? September 5, 2000. What does it say? What does it say? It says TV cooking shows schedule. Absolutely correct. And this is a guy who's writing about how I'm lost touch with a soft Florida scene. I thought you were. Let me say this to you Tom, because I don't have the physical paper myself. But it would seem to me that if this is the guy who's the TV radio writer for the SunSentinel, what should he be writing about today? What every other TV person in North America, not just America, but including up here in Canada, what they all wrote about today. And what was that? American freaking idol last night in the the winner and the two hour blow job and an whole thing. In other ways, since I also thought you were kidding about his new picture. He blew up like a ball for the twice the size of the old picture. Right. Red, red in the face. Exactly. So what I mean, if you want to find out about the cooking shows, there's what Tom's got for you. But he should be writing about was that Fox show last night American idol. That was a two hour blow job. Well, I'll be side that. And doesn't have it. Now I could be wrong. You in fact, maybe you want to get the SunSentinel. Maybe somebody there in the building will bring it to the lifestyle and her team, whatever they call it, lively parts. Because I could be wrong. Maybe he did write that if if he did, it's not on a website which anyway. What today's lifestyles? I have that. You got it? Yeah. Is there a column in there about American idol? How about Eric Idol? How about idling the engine? Which is what we're doing here now. It's starting to piss everybody off and play on the audience. Nothing. Nothing. I just got a little Tommy. But I sure am very concerned about the TV cooking schedule. Cheney unqualified a champion where I knew rack rights Texas is Molly Ivins today. Austin Texas, excuse me. I don't want to be techy or anything. But hasn't it occurred to anyone who watched in the sending by President Dick Cheney out the champion and the Bayes never rack on the grounds. That's not a moustain is a murderous dictator. Is somewhere between bad taste and flaming hypocrisy? When Cheney was CEO of the Worldfield supply firm Hallebert and the company did 23.8 million dollars in business with Hussein, the evil dure prepared to share his weapons of mass destruction with terrorists. So if Hussein is the world's worst leader, how come Cheney sold him the equipment to get his dilapidated oil fields up and running so it could afford to build weapons of mass destruction? In 1998 the United Nations passed a resolution allowing a rack to buy spare parts for its oil fields, but other sanctions remained in place and the U.S. is consistently pressured to UN to stop exports of medicine and other needed supplies and the grounds that they could have dual use. As the former Secretary of Defense under President Boosty Elder, Cheney was a particularly vulnerable position on the hypocrisy of doing business with Iraq. Although in 1991 after the Gulf War he told a group of oil industry executives that he was emphatically against trying to topple Hussein. Using two subsidiaries, Dressor Rand and Ingresol Dressor, Haliburton Helpery built Hussein's war damage doyl fields. The combined value of these contracts for parts in Equimals was greater than that of any other American company doing business with Iraq. Companies included Shlombur J. Flowster, Fisher Rosemont, General Electric. The act is through foreign subsidiaries or a show he associated companies in France, Belgium, Germany, India, Switzerland, Bahrain, Egypt and the Netherlands. In several cases it's clear that the European companies did no more than loan their names to American firms for the purpose of dealing with Hussein. Iraq then became America's second largest Middle Eastern oil supplier. The story was initially reported by the financial times of London more than two years ago and since it's been more extensively reported in the European press. As we've seen in the case of Harkin Energy and many other stories, there's a difference between a story having been reported and having attention paid to it. A distinction many journalists have trouble with. Thus the administration was able to dismiss the new information on shady dealings of Harkin as old news because not much attention was ever paid when the old news was new. When Cheney left Haliburton who received a $34 million severance package, despite the fact that the single biggest deal of his five-year career there, the acquisition of dresser industries turned out to be a huge blunder because the company came settled with that business liability. On the campaign trail, Cheney often claimed that he'd been out in the private sector creating jobs, the first thing he did after the dresser merger was lay off 10,000 people. Haliburton America's number one oil services company is the nation's fifth largest military contractor and the biggest non-unim employer in the US. It employs more than 100,000 workers worldwide and does more than $15 billion a year. Haliburton undertainied dealt with several brutal dictatorships including the despicable government of Burma. The company also played questionable roles in Algeria and Golabaznia, Croatia, Haiti, Samaghan, Indonesia. Haliburton also had dealings with Iran and Libya both on the state-ported departments list of terrorist states. Haliburton subsides a subsidiary Brown and Ruth the old Texas construction firm that does much business with the US military was fined $3.8 million for re-exporting goods to Libya in violation of US sanctions. If you want to know why the Democrats didn't jump all over the store and make a big deal out of it, it's because, as usual, Democrats are involved in similar dealings. Former CIA director John Doich is on the board of slumber Jay, the second largest rural services for Makhir Haliburton, which is also doing business with Iraq to subsidiaries. Americans have long been aware that corporate money is consistently corrupted to most of the policy and favor of corporate interests, and that both parties are in thrall to huge corporate campaign donors. We are less accustomed to connecting the dots when it comes to foreign policy, but there is no more evidence that corporations pay attention to anything other than profits in their foreign dealings than they do in their domestic deals. And Ron, as usual, provides some technical examples of just how in different human rights American companies can be, Haliburton's dealings in Nigeria, would say that right? And partnership with Shell and Chevron provide another such example, including gross human rights violations and environmental abuses. No one is ever going to argue that whose state is a good guy, but Cheney is not the right man to make the case against him. I've never understood why the Washington Press Corps can't remember anything for longer than 10 minutes, but here at hearing Cheney denounce who is saying is truly, he has a break time, right? Molly Iván, thank you, Rachel Pactor, because otherwise I wouldn't have seen the article, and did I do myself a big service by a printing it out like in print that somebody could read with the human eye? Yes, man. I'm serious, if you did see, you saw the side of that print? There are, there are ants, or at least there used to be before Steve came, there used to be ants in my occasion that were bigger than that print. Molly Iván, it's no wonder she's the vain of the old bush mice, do you know? Anyway, Canadian Senate Panel Urges Legalization of Pot. All right, a Canadian Senate Committee recommended yesterday that marijuana be legalized. I'd like that. cannabis should be from here on legal and restricted use of the Canadians' consues of the consumer or not insecurity, said Senator Pierre Claude Nolan, a progressive conservative party member from Quebec province. He spoke at a news conference announcing the final report of the Special Committee on illegal drugs which he cheered. The government should give an, now, wait to hear this line, okay? Let's go ahead. I'm waiting. We're talking about the Canadian government. The government should give an, this, do anyone convicted of marijuana position under current or past legislation and erased their records Nolan said? All right. How do you like that? I like it a lot. What a, you're the, a politician in America talking stuff like that. I don't think so. No, no. Cloned him. Domestic and international experts and Canadians from every walk of life told us loud and clear that we should not be imposing criminal records on users or unduly provoking use personal use of cannabis Nolan said the committees are fortally considered by lawmakers. Evidence indicates that cannabis is less harmful than alcohol and undermines the idea that smoking pot leads to harder drugs. The committee said the report recommends the legal age for possession consumption as 16 said Dave Newman. Committee spokesman will be regulated by similar way alcohol is 16. Oh my God. Nolan said make no mistake. We're not endorsing cannabis use for recreational consumption whether or not an individual uses marijuana should be a personal choice that is not subdupped criminal penalties. But we've come to a conclusion that as a drug it should be regulated by the state much as we do for one beer. Hence our preference for legalization over decriminalization. Which which legalization of course is a much greater step. Yes, the report says the appropriate level of THC and marijuana for recreation will be 13% THC is the main act of component of cannabis as some of you might know. By accident, of course, by doing research. Right. Many of the products illegally on a market now have a much higher THC level he said. The committee also recommended a revision of the regulations regarding medicinal use of marijuana. Legalization would ultimately result in less recreational use of marijuana. The panel believes it would also take a load off the criminal justice system and hurt organized crime. The report said gosh all of this makes so much of a goddamn sense. The panel also recommended that laws on driving on an influence of alcohol drugs should be amended to lower permitted alcohol levels to 40 milligrams of alcohol per 100 millimetres of milliliters of blood and the presence of other drugs. Especially but not exclusively cannabis and would admit evidence from expert police officers trained in detecting persons operating vehicles on an influence of drugs. Senator Colon Kenny, a liberal party member from Ottawa who's the panel's deputy chair said no one on the committee wants to see an increase in drug use. No one said the nation's minister addresses will take a look at the report and determine what does the government wants to put on so just by the agenda. And I bet you don't have to say do crispy cream that is. I'd be like that. 10 13. Oh, we got to write time on it. And I was going to Eric. I think that happens automatically on mine or something. 10 13 at 5 60 WQAM. Let me tell you about pizza loss. I'm excited news coming from our good post personal ponytail friend Jeff Cohen was in the studio was it Tuesday. Yes, he was in there Tuesday feeding the troops and telling us that the brand new pizza loss in plantation will be opening. He said seven to 10 days so any day now keep your eye peeled. Okay. That's what Marcy says over their wall greens keep your eye peeled. She'll have a look out on it for you. Pizza loss though still going strong in their regular broder location where they how long have they been in there now? A couple years for four three four five six. Yeah, 100 and getting bigger and better all the time. There are university drive and a pizza loss. Plants right behind peer when imports. Kitty corner the armadillo cafe and of course between the five ninety five and Griffin road. That's a tough stretch by the way, you know. Yes. So you want to maybe cop the end, but you'll find what you get there. Tons and tons of free parking waiting for it. The pizza loss and of course some of the best child you've had in a long time. It's very, very reasonable prices. Everything made fresh. The kitchen is sparkling clean. You can eat off the floor in fact. You're probably seeing Jeff doing that when you go in. They have delivery for you too. They got delivery and take out and catering for the lowest five bucks per person. Call 9 5 4 9 1 6 88 80 9 5 4 9 1 6 88 83 different kinds of great pizza. Unbelievable garlic rolls. Audio Italian favorites all waiting for you at the world flaming pizza loss. And don't forget the brand new pizza loss. Navihlum sunrise right behind Walgreens opening any moment. Hi, I am not a Nazi. That was funny. Cheers. Want to know while you find her. Someone who is so repulsive inside of a face and maybe you just want to hear. Look all the cheese we've been eating. She's our lives, garlic and gaming, they're the things she hurts. That we believe. I hope I've destroyed the 20 years in federal prison. Like a rabbit. Close the key. I ride. I hope I've destroyed the 20 years in federal prison. Are you sure? But I'm sure that she's so how unboundedly. We're captured. So much is lots of fortune. Inside a trading cost of millions but I was so proud she'd have saved. It's a big mistake. Pick up a lie that her attitude changes and not to send them. But you're prudent through it all she just keeps making food. I hope I've destroyed the 20 years in federal prison. Like a rabbit. Close the key. I hope I've destroyed the 20 years in federal prison. But I'm sure that she's so I'm unboundedly. Can I see that five six years? Guess what I found out that I'm back here. But I went a little slow on the up to you know. What did I guess Monday right this week? I started doing a show from here again. I forgot all the good stuff I got here. I'll probably be put off by my plan just a little bit of this bit. But you're a like her that much. You're like her what she sings in English. I like her. Great. A lot. I think she's. She's. Oh, great. She really is. I think she's. I think she's. I think she's. I think she's. She's. I think she's. Oh, so. Oh, I thought go ahead. Right. I'm better. Oh, where have I. Oh, underneath your eyes. There's an anniversary. There's a man. Okay. That's an option. Care up. But she is. She's green. Let's see. I just clicked again. What's in these women? Do you most strongly think is a beard for gay celebrities? Elizabeth Taylor 31 all of the above 27. Lisa Marie Presley 20. Oh, but she just sign colleges. You know, yeah. Oh, that's instant. Uh, none of the above 11. Britney Spears. Nine. How do you like that? That's kind of interesting. Anyone on a y? Do you want to know Brittany got the nine votes? I don't want to. One clue. Bye. Bye. And a corner. Jay was up to five now. You finally came to your senses and Janet Jackson three out of 120 votes. Who's Janet Jackson supposedly doing now some fruit cake? Which one is it? I don't know. It wasn't true. It was on or somebody. Obviously. I don't know. Anyway, let's get back to business. You know, I get the feeling that that could be wrong. But I have the feeling that is of yesterday. We kind of like turn the corner. At least on this show. And of course, the rest of the station, like I said, now that football's back, no markscuse is now. Let's start really getting into the high gear. We screwed around during the summer. I had my long bustmans holiday, my big, you know, do a two day here or a Thursday. There. We sit capped at the time. We said, didn't enjoy very much. But you know what I'm talking about. Now it's get down to brass tax. You know what I'm saying? I don't hear saying. I think when I read that article by Cheryl Celias today, at least on this show, that kind of like turn the corner. And now we're getting down to brass tax. And even I even thanked Rich Packard. Which I thought was incredible seeing the size of the print. That's the right. I mean, how do you how do you do that? How do you, um, maybe I should have straight to fit kind of thing. Shink, shrink, if it one page if you're real cheap. I don't want to say Rich Packard. You see, but I'm sure that Paul Harvey June, would have be with that. We don't take his boring calls any more. Well, I tend to want to think, for no other reason that just on that, it's good we stop taking calls on his show. No comment. Paul Harvey June, your good close personal friend. I mean, he got so podress. Now this story, if this doesn't frost your ass, which I told George before the show, and he was almost speechless. In fact, I think that this story requires. It's out of hand. From the field as a left of a certain chance there's a city that he can't in life be acting. But justice department acknowledges that a it's in an email to Louisiana State University's biomedical research training center to immediately cease and assist from employing researchers Stephen Hattford on department funded programs. You know that person of interest? Yes. Hattford is one of several people under scrutiny by the FBI, the investigation of last falls deadly. Oh, I see. I wasn't prepared last fall is deadly. And track attacks. Five people including two postal employees died of anthrax. Hattford's not been charged with any crime, though. The statement by assistant attorney general Deborah Daniels did not explain why the department sent a strongly word at message August 1st. LSU placed Hattford on administrative leave the following day if fired him this week as we at ODS today. The department has not been involved in any decisions made by LSU with respect to Mr. Hattfield's statuses and employees at the University of Daniels said much of the funding for LSU's national center for biomedical research and training where Hattfield work comes from the Justice Department University official said. Following that? I got it. Much of the funding for LSU's national center for biomedical research and training where Hattfield work comes from the Justice Department University official said. The Center House prepare emergency personnel for bioteiro attacks. Hattfield and expert on bioteir wisdom threats was hired around the first of July. LSU officials said that the decision to fire Hattfield was unrelated to the government email which they said did not reach top university officials until Wednesday. Earlier this week LSU Chancellor Mark Emer told CNN that the decision was based solely upon the university's long-term interest citing the need to protect its academic integrity whatever it had that means. Justice Department officials request the anonymity declined to defend sending the email. Former officials said that the decision to send it was made by the Office of Domestic Preparedness based on their own criteria. The Bund. The Rastag which not see Department of the government that they just invented here last few months sent that out. The Office of Domestic Preparedness, whatever the hell that is. But the officials had no information on what the criteria were or what the Daniels was even aware that the message had been said Daniels oversees the Office of Justice Programs which includes the ODP, the Office of Domestic Preparedness, not to be confused with the orifice. Following all of this? Never heard of that office. Hattclosin the serving has had those spokesman tools CNN the head of the first her to email yesterday. He complained that the Justice Department had given LSU no reason why it should terminate his employment. It would be nice that the Justice Department would give us a reason as to why it didn't want Steve Hattfield working on his project. He said he's one of the country's top-by-of-defense experts. We need him protecting America. We don't need him on a sidelines right now. The message was written by Timothy Berrish who is acting director of the ODP reports to Daniels. It was unclear whether Berrish cleared the email before sending it or whether was prompted by Attorney General John Ascrod's comment that Hattfield was a person of interest to answer acts investigators. What was clear the official said was that Berrish did not consult with the Justice Department or FBI Criminal Investigators conducting the answer acts probe. The controversial email directs that Louisiana State University Academy of Counterterrorist Education immediately sees and assists from utilizing the subject matter expert and course instructor duties as Stephen J. Hattfield on all the Department of Justice funded programs. Boy, do you see a lawsuit coming here or what? Yeah, just I mean, I mean, just gigantic. Daniels appeared to offer a partial depends on the message in her statement last night. It is his specific condition of our grant to Wallace U that we maintain management oversight and control. Stephen J. Hattfield served as a subject matter expert on bioterrorism and was one of the primary instructors used in LSU's training program, Daniels said. Clause and tool CNN the actions by LSU in the Justice Department should spur all Americans to ask some questions and he is. Absolutely correct. Where is it that the Attorney General gets the 30 to point an accusative to a finger by the citizen without leveling any kind of formal charges? Where does the Justice Department get the power to get a man to run out of his job clause and be asking if the Justice Department has some evidence on Steve Hattfield then by all means charging but quit destroying his life. Boston said God damn it. Jesus. 1027 at 5.60 W to QM. Do you know I didn't even cross out the last break? See, that's unusual. That's very unusual. I don't. That's because we need seven hours today. We don't want to win print on that football talk, don't especially are good post personal friend. Mad dog and by the way, I know that Johnson's name is Hudie Mad dog. You hear that in the beginning, but show yesterday when he said please uncle Neil is the first name to get it right. It's not Billy Bob. That was a joke. That was like a little sarcastic Mad dog. I know you asked Jackson. I was you're not quick on the update. Who the Billy Bob Johnson? Is that okay? The asshole from Augusta. Anyway speaking of great places. Well, Augusta's great place. It's beautiful. They just don't like women. Hey, at Brandy's day like women. They like men. They like children. They like everybody who wants shoes. Everybody who's got feet. That's right. Brandy's will say the best election to great shoes. I mean they got them all. They got all the brand names like rock ports. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. They got a very special experience. Seriously, when you got bad hemorrhage, you got a lot of people have to sit on those rubber ones they call those. A rubber ring that doughnuts. They do very good. They do call those doughnuts as a matter of fact. Crispy cream. In fact, in crispy creams, they got a special section in the back for people who are painted in the ass like moe. I was just going to back. A rubber dinner was telling what's your name and a good fellow. They're over there, in the back. They're right around the corner. They're right around the corner. I don't think so. I got to go now. They're right there, right down there. And they're right there. A woman received counseling after having. It wasn't that good of a movie, but it didn't have its mold. I'll say that. And had some great moments. It had some place to garlic with the razor blade. Yeah, it's nice when it hits the head. It had its moments. I'm making it in the story or not, is the case may be. A woman who received counseling after having a sexual relationship about 30 years ago has sued the Roman Catholic Dines. He's a Syracuse for 20 minute bucks. You go, girl. Oh, and look at this, Victoria Love 48 of Rochester, who received a 17,710 dollar settlement from the Dines season 1993, is the fifth person this year to sue the Dines. He's that just in Syracuse over a sexual abuse by a priest. She was married five times, said her lawyer Frank Paulice Kelly. She can't maintain relationships. She can't trust. She suffered throughout her life because of this abuse. Paulice Kelly filed a suit for love in states of cream court in Anandagga County Wednesday. The suit also names the Reverend William Lorenz. I wonder if he's related to Jim Lorenz does the color on the same verse games. I hope not. He does a good job, by the way, with Rick Jenner, you know, Jim Lorenz. The suit of Amethya Fathboy does. The suit also names Reverend William Lorenz and Bishop James Moynihan. He's probably in a relationship John Moynihan. They used to work on QA. Remember him? Sure. Do you? No. Yeah, you do. We probably even have a jingle when here somewhere. I bet you, let me look under the jingle. I bet you're not a boy. Oh, like I said, you're quicker than I am. They asked us in spokesman Daniel coming to the post standard of Syracuse in Thursday's editions today, meaning that the DIC said not to serve with the suit was unable to comment. Nobody wants to comment at anything. The suit claims Lorenz was a guidance counselor at the former Oswego Catholic High School of 1970 when he began a decade-long sexual relationship with love who was then Victoria Vinyl Moore. Love alleged he was a minor when she went to Lorenz to talk about a fierce by a foster parent. Instead of counseling her, the suit alleges he got her truck and had sexual relations with her. They continued to have sexual relations in his car in a church rectum ring until late 70s the suit said. The suit also relates that a defendant's conspired to conceal Lorenz's criminal sexual conduct and the fraud and parishioners to protect predatory priests from prosecution. How unusual that is. Diosisted officials learned of Lorenz's relationship when love contacted a church official in 1993 that ICs paid love that over 17 grand for counseling and set Lorenz to St. Luke Institute, a psychiatric hospital in Maryland, one-ahead permitted Lorenz to resume parish work in 1995 in O'Nightah after express the hospital cleared him. Oh yeah, he's okay now. The suit said that ICs breached the 1993 settlement by allowing Lorenz to return to the ministry and by failing to keep the agreement confidential. The settlement in which love re-ealies the diocese and Lorenz from liability was void because it was obtained under false pretenses the suit said. How do you like that? Nice young lady from Rochester screwed up for the rest of her life because of this fondling priest. At least that was a woman this time. I was just going to say at least now we're getting to run on women. There's probably really pisses them off over there at the channel 7 because you know one of the things it's written in their contract. It's channel. I know. We're not talking about women. See I got to that one first mind. I got it. Thank you. Got time. Anyway, how's that pull coming speaking to women? Which of these women do you most strongly believe is a beard for gay celebrities and boy they're sure are some. Well, they're have to be, you know. Sure. Elizabeth Taylor 42. See I would not have voted for her because I consider her to be more like a flag hag as opposed to being a beard. I think maybe our audience needs a little instructions to the difference between a flag hag and a beard. A flag hag is just somebody who constantly surrounds herself with gay people and gay causes like list Taylor is always done in between fainting spells and the fats of fit and popping pills. Right. As opposed to like a beard who is somebody who dates and even mirries gay people to make it look like maybe just maybe. Oh, you think we should have had Nicole Kim and I was just going to say that. God damn it. Too late. No to two late? No. Okay, man on the air. Okay, put down that goddamn croissant which without the egg. That's what I used to get. I used to get them like with cheese with no egg. That's good because I hate egg. Oh, I like I'm like, I'm like, you know what I'm like. I tend to have a whole man. That's croissant which is bacon and cheese or ham and cheese. Hmm, I could share go for one right now. Yeah. There's a burger king not too far from where I'm going to jump out the window and go get some. You know? Anyway, list Taylor 44 all of the above 32. Lisa Marie Presley 25. We're going to get Nicole Kim and on there. On the above 15, Britney Spears tied with an accordal hoardia 11. I'm surprised that we have 11 people out there as sharp as I am. That an accordal hoardia. She ain't fooling me with those tree trunks legs. I still think she's a die. I only hope. Work shield. Of course you hope. Work shield six. J.L.O.5 and Janet Jackson's on the bottom. She be having five. What? Probably one of those. So that's he is the best, Amy. My life and love. This is Fort Real 5. 50. You wait two a. Yeah. See, today you're f***ing kidding me. You're riding around with your windows down. I'll set up on the show right now. I've been waiting for a vacancy in the hotel. I'll talk about men, tell your penis swells. How fast they run and how good they look. And pass along tips for your polquita book. Hello, sportsmen. What's up about pretty well and well we're not going to. And elders group. And my voice is higher and higher. So I start sounding like a son. I don't. Talking about family men. And loving it. And some side issues like where are all the rider trucks? Remember those housey on days where the rider truck? The smell of musky will be blanket that glides so well with eating a sandwich. Cruising along in the afternoon. Talking about ignorant sporthold tools. I've dropped single dangled their balls like a bell. And about how good their juxtap smells. Yeah. And let's talk about women except to say, he's got a nice patch of real estate. And then are I doing picture key? What do you believe? Like a pink dog that he's a stupid? I have on the line. My old friends are bra. That's bra. That's bra. No. No. Sorry about that. I meant six free. Back there. He's so fucked. I heard that this is the old, three-color-on-hole trick. They're not schooling anybody's polish. I don't think that's kind of aggravation. I'm like, plenty of money. Don't even need to give. So blow it up your ass my friend. If I can sit here in the box and wear my car. Get to take a real man to do a radio show and wear a tie. OK, you got to get your Johnson straight mad dog. 1045 at 5.60 WKOM. Two pre-sipin' it in the deposition of refused to answer questions by a lawyer, defending and at present his monkey cues of killing an anonymous campus of a religious academy. This is in the St. P. Times today. No less. Hold it across the academy's two highest officials. The Reverend Abbott Gregory went and his assistant. The Reverend Damien Jibot. It both their fifth and the member rights on Tuesday. I want to be related to that Jibot crowd from, what's the name of the show? The young and the horny. Oh. Is that the name of the perfume, the cosmetics company that they all work for? Jibot? Something like that. But that's a bad show. The priest was scheduled for questioning in the case against 20-year-old Michael Leio something co-fell. I note that first name, I had trouble the first time. I was or something like that. No, Nick Kilo. And the Kylo Coffell. Very good. A Ukrainian national who was charged last year with the murder of sister Michelle Lewis. The non-spotty was found naked in her home at the school in Kendall in Kendall. Oh. And Heidi congested Kendall. They police say co-fell was put in a sit confess to the March 25th, 2001 stabbing of Lewis 39, telling him she had been verbally abusive to him. He's also co-polished at a minute in Jibot sexually abused him and accusation school officials vigorously denied. They'd prosecute her on their own investigation into co-fell screens of abuse by the priest. No one's been charged. Other novice monk denied being molested by the Holy Cross administrators. Lawyers for the priest had co-fell's look to try to use the allegation to argue co-fell was psychologically damaged by sexual abuse. If the state continues to believe that father rabbit and fathered Damian around the suspicion of wrongdoing, fathered Damian, then would be malpractice for an attorney to allow them to answer questions. They might be misused against them. Mel Black and Richard Hirsch attorneys for Wetton Jibot said in the statement, the priest will only answer questions from the state that attorneys be saying. Father Damian, that's an omen, isn't it? Father Damian, how's that intercom deal coming? Oh, yeah. To miss the show yesterday, there are hot and heavy rumors about intercom, which is the fourth largest radio broadcasting company in America, and who had gigantic second quarter earnings away up by the way, which is unusual in a down economy. Rumors about them buying out because in 2002 years ago, one be asked to us, of course, and also one known to the SAC because they are they for God. But what was it? 500 times I got it right here. Enormous amounts of bees lay stock. And we've got to talk nice about them because they might be on us pretty soon. How much was it? I forgot right now is my story about here it is somewhere. Boy, you know something I'm going to have to start getting like what's your call? It's file folders. Yes, I just got too much crap playing around. There's my Tom Brady sports illustrated sitting prominently displayed. I don't Tommy. Let's see, beesley's here. 785,000 plus shares of beesley between April 17th and December 27th of the year. 2000 unbeknownst to watch and the SAC. I just mentioned that in passing. And the main line in that article, their main lineing, beesley continues to talk with intercom and other companies about being bought a person familiar with the situation said. That's from Reuters. So there's a very, very solid chance that it might be true. Are you like that, huh? I like it. You shouldn't be saying that because you might not get the rest of that bonus. I mean, yeah, whatever, what difference does it make? Boy, Denize Killing Fathers says sex partner did it. Now I'm sure you've been watching court TV. Yeah. And CNN and MSNBC. Yeah, they're not going to call it MSNBC anymore. They're going to call it the MSNBC. To see if they get the Jew would use the tune in. Yeah, we give you the MS on the news. You think it's going to help? No, no, especially if they had that fat guy in there. He's Jewish too. What's the name, Jerry? I don't know. I don't know. The big fat lawyer. And notchman. You don't even know who the hell I did. You know what? Notchman means in Hebrew? No. Nelson. Ah. Ah. Notchman is Hebrew for Nelson. And I have one question for you. Yes. Very self. I do like that. You're talking to him. Very anyway. Boy, Denize Killing Fathers says sex partner didn't. 18 age boy was accused of killing his father. What is it? A real neighbor with whom he was emotionally and sexually involved. The actual killer that he and his brother reluctantly agreed to take the blame after being coached on what to tell authorities. I still say a fry all three of them. Just to be sure. Sure. Alex King 13 and his 14 year old brother Derek are charged with first degree murder in Arson accused of beating to that their father, Terry King in their home, then setting fire to the house in the small Pensacola community of Cantonment. Both of them tried as adults. I'm sure I'm not pronouncing that right either. How else would you pronounce it? Canton man. If convicted of first degree murder, the voice based mandatory penalty of black and prison without parole the maximum penalty for Arson is 30 years in prison. The two boys whom prosecutors say used a bat to kill their father initially confessed to the crime. It's not always easy to use a bat to kill somebody because they have a tendency to fly away. They later recanted their story saying it was a friend Ricky Chavez 40 who threw their father. That's what Bellalagosi told me. And a rare moment of candor. In a rarely-gallonewed Chavez was tried for Kings murder before a different jury last week and the bird vis under seal until the voice trial is over, no relation to a sheral seal. Chavez is the night killing the voice father. Alex King told the jury Wednesday that Chavez was the one who beat his father to death he said he and his brother were Chavez' home last November when the killing took place. Chavez said there had been a fight between him and my dad and said that my dad was dead. He said he'd killed my dad to protect us, Alex said he said my dad never would let us live with him, Chavez never would let us go. He said my dad would have killed us before we let us go. During a light blue dress shirt and tie with his hair neatly cropped, ugly Alex showed little emotion as he spoke about his version of a VNT as really extraordinarily ugly little kid. Well, yeah. The little one? He extremely ugly. Not that that makes a difference. But since you're picking on Chuck for being ugly, I would say that Alex, by any stretch of imagination is a hell of a lot uglier than Chuck ever would hope to be. Asked how he felt when Chavez allegedly told the news Alex said, I was kind of angry that he kept saying he had done it for me. At one point he said Chavez left to burn down their house where their father's remains inside when he came back he said that there'd been a fire and that the fire hadn't burned up everything. It was then that Chavez said he couldn't go to prison and then began pressing the two boys to confess to the killing Alex said it was saying that if we took the blame, we'd get off himself to fence because we're juveniles. Alex said, I believe the kids, you know. Sure. Don't you? Absolutely. And this reminds me of the New England. What was her name? Her name was Smart. Pat Smart. Pam Smart. Yes. Then I remind you of that. Sure. Because she had the kids killer husband because of the use of the right. Maybe together. Have a good time in here, honey. Didn't you get married to some dike or something else? I was having a lot of bad things. I was having a lot of bad things. Oh no. And you didn't get to see it? I tried video or say web video at six and WSBK asked whether he and his brother immediately agreed to take the heat he responded to sir or sometime before we agreed to take the story to take the blame. Chavez then coached the boys over a period of about two days just to want to tell authorities he said we were talking about it almost constantly. Alex said he kept going over it until we got it all right. And Alex announced he smoked marijuana that I was dead was killed in the weeks before the killing. He and his brother ran away from home to live with Chavez. He said he planned to stay with Chavez until he was at least 16. He said his father did not know about the relationship with Chavez. Which in this story for some reason, what is this from from CNN? They neglect all of the sexual details. I was on and on all the pad polling. Yeah. A lot of pad polling and a lot of just plain polling going on. Alex also worked out telling other juveniles the detention center that he and his brother killed their father. He also said he had not smoked marijuana that he confessed to police. Like I said, I believe Chavez. I don't believe any of them. The prosecution also pressed out like the mother family members during Jihaz visits and tried to convince the boy he was not involved and that it was Chavez who was responsible. Alex responded, they said something to that effect. Earlier yesterday the court heard the boys confession tapes. On one of them, Derek said he was the one who beat his father death and his recliner. I made sure he was asleep. I got the bad. I hit him over the head there. I hit him once and I heard his moan. I was afraid he might wake up and see us. So I just kept on hitting him somewhere around ten times. Give her a take. Give her a take a couple of weeks. So there you go on you court TV fans like George his wife. Now you got something to really chew on. I'm sure that's not again now, right? Probably. Oh well, we don't know where it is on here. On there. Yeah. Court TV. Yeah. Try 44. No, Disney. Oh. Wow, I'm close. I got little kids on there too. That's a Tuesday's letters. Ted, do you hear the story? They had a big breaking news yesterday and from Massachusetts about the letters, least would suppose an anthrac, no, I did not. Proliminary test of a white powder male that not belongs to 11 police departments and with a Boston more negative or anthracs and the maelings appear to be a hoax. A top state health official said, late yesterday afternoon. This is on, oh, this is on CNN. You're right at the end of the right now. What is that trial? I told you, we ain't kind of anybody we listen. Sir, I don't do it on a full time basis. The FBI has launched their criminal investigation in the matter to find out who's behind the maelings. Oh, yeah, I'm sure they're going to do that real quick just like the maelings from Manu Jersey. Our observations of the powder indicate there is not any potential risk associated with this powder said Ralph temporary the director's state public health department lab or the test of being performed. This appears to be one of many hoaxes that have been perpetrated. The letters were sent to 11 police departments all in Essex County. Each was postmarked in North Reading in the county and dressed various police chiefs. There was no return to dress. The envelopes contained a single sheet of paper with black September tattooed the top and a few grams of unidentified powder said temporary. And FBI experts also examined letters to assess whether there's a credible threat. He said. No reason to believe that this presents any risk whatsoever and should not cause concern among the people who've been exposed to it. He said health officials had conducted rapid tests on three letters to reach their conclusion further test are being conducted today to determine exactly what it is. Like maybe armenam or baking soda. That's always good at all. All the members of the assholes that we're doing the crank stuff after 11 after we start getting the answer answer. Oh, yeah, we're worse because it's funny. Yeah, because it's really funny. Oh, yeah, it's a panic. And everybody called the hazmat people out there in a fire rescue and crossed the taxpayers thousands and thousands and hundreds of thousands of dollars and get everybody into a sheer panic and have everybody in your community where it all happens to be crap it in their pants. Yeah, really funny. I think what we really found out at that point is if we ever doubted that there were billions of assholes on loosen this country, trust me what I tell you. There are my fault. This is for Real 5. Fifty. Fifty two. Two. Yeah. What's up, Rydian? Don't have dirt. Coming up tonight on inside behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story. We take a good hard, still looking to start out. They were a band from Boston, a place where people talk funny. They were two Tuesday. Yeah, it was our freaking manager that blew it for the band. Two Tuesday singer-songwriter Amy Man. That accent of his. That damn Boston accent. I don't know what she's talking about. The band's manager, so we look all rightly, spoke to inside the behind about, well, I've got the thing that you didn't figure it out. I met the freaking band in the bottom. I can mod. They were wicked pigs. I figured it wouldn't happen, they could stop. We drank about a quarter of the, I got freaking ham and signed a paper. So these accent was so impossible that soon began to jeopardize any future record deals for the band. Tonight, we'll play exclusive hidden camera video of soys meeting with a warning about this record executive. Yeah, I'm here. I thought the band would kill Tuesday. And telling you, they're going to go wicked five. It's not going to be hard at all. I got them so far. It's up, not down. I can't caught. I'm throwing a potty late on Saturday at the bottom. I have to be as. What the f*** did you just say? Huh? Oh, hey, listen, you got some quadits for the pack and meet only my cast packed out. They animatically, what? Till Tuesday, reamed by a regional accent. It's a big juicy shopping went look at show business tonight. I didn't find a behind. And you're absolutely correct that's the way they speak and watch them. Okay, you can't understand a goddamn thing until you've been there for like a few months. Love it all, why did five, 60 WQM? David Sanger writes in the New York Times today, making case to hit first. President Bush's declaration yesterday that he would seek the approval of Congress to outside him who's saying a monitor to an acknowledgement that he cannot proceed alone and that he needs to move quickly to try to resolve a rip within his administration with many of his fathers, cautious advisors, and with his reluctant allies. But yesterday, some more than just the joining of a great debate over how to deal with the man who was Mr. Bush put it so bluntly is stiffing the world. Implicitly, Mr. Bush's agreed to engage the company in the discussion over a fundamental change in America's national security strategy. His doctrine that perilous times of force the U.S. were sired to right to launch preemptive strikes against any state that could put weapons amidst destruction of the hands of terrorists. After Pearl Harbor, the invasion of Kuwait, President Sock congressional approval to strike back. Mr. Bush seeks approval to strike first because 9-11 taught him that any other strategy may be too costly. We're in a new era, he said, adding, we spent a lot of time thinking about how best to secure our homeland, even further. And this is the debate that the American people must hear must understand. He said, and the world must understand as well that its credibility is at stake. Any resolution of proving preemptive action could set a precedent that could be used in a variety of other conflicts and will almost be certainly seized upon by the nations, maybe trying to incite confrontation with Taiwan or Indian that's conflict with Pakistan is they pursue their own agendas. So winning is probably opposed a huge test of Mr. Bush's leadership first in Washington then around the world. His aide acknowledged that the first task is to answer those senators former generals and older generation of national security experts who ask why there's such urgency to confront Iraq now. Vice President Dictanear, you last week that he's now convinced that the Iraqi leader will develop a nuclear weapon fairly soon, word that seems to suggest new intelligence to back up the administration's insistence that there's a little time to spare yet. So far, the body language of administration officials who just knew evidence is scant, and by all accounts, defense secretary Robisfeld offered little new evidence that a closed or meeting on Capitol Hill yesterday afternoon. I'll read the last part of that again. And by all accounts, the defense secretary Robisfeld offered little new evidence that a closed or meeting yesterday afternoon. There's clearly a case that sat him as a threat senator Carl Levin of Michigan set after the meeting yesterday. The question is whether he liked the North Korean leadership who have had weapons of mass destruction for years, but are so interested in their own survival, there's no reason to think they would ever initiate an attack. Mr. Bush's task we've been more complex over the summer when he remained largely silent on the Iraqi issue that meant that the debate was dominated by a parade of television skeptics, led by generals who played key roles in the Gulf War 11 years ago, and sober-minded veterans of the First Bush administration led by Brent Skowcroft and James Abe Baker the Turd. Both men agree that Mr. Hussein is a menace who wants to dominate the Persian Gulf and its oil, but they suggested that there was a right way in a wrong way to house him. Mr. Skowcroft, a former national security adviser who famously once had him who's saying during the Gulf War, that the use of weapons of mass destruction would bring about the end of his country set the terms of the coming debate with this observation about his old foe. He is unlikely to risk his investment in weapons of mass destruction much less his country by handing such weapons to terrorist to would use them for their own purposes and leave bag that is the return address. Mr. Baker followed up for the warning that there was a right way to topple Mr. Hussein as the steel edge of an international coalition. But that means taking a path, Mr. Cheney, another administration-awks consider a dangerous waste of time returning to the United Nations for approval of a quick-rallion-vasive inspection with the understanding that further resistance to inspection would provide the justification for an immediate overwhelming military response. Hopefully, before the November elections, the public hearing of such arguments clearly stung Mr. Bush's team in an interview yesterday conglies arise. Conglies arise. The national security adviser decided to take the critics on by name, but she argued, our critics seem to take the position that if we don't father him, he won't father the world. That's not an approach we can take. Anybody who tried to predict what Saddam Hussein might do as spreading in dangerous water, he invaded his neighbor's twice. He gasged his own people. He tried to kill a former president, his ambitions of class with our interests before and I'll pass with them again. Mr. Baker's position which appears to be shared by Secretary of State Powell may yet win the day. That seems to be the agenda when Mr. Bush meets the British Prime Minister Tony Blair on Camp David on Saturday. I think it's gone on everyone that he can't stand up in front of the United Nations September 12 and say it's our way or the highway, said once in your head administration official, would not be great and you can see him doing that, can't you? It's our way or the highway. But that doesn't mean he's willing to pursue inspections it's up in the year. Mr. Bush's aides are clearly aware of the risk ahead on the road he headed down yesterday. The first challenges to resolve the differences in the administration, something Ms. Rice argued would quickly happen once the president decides what course to take. The second is to persuade Congress for a to vote for resolution that gives the president a screen of hand as possible and not necessarily just with Iraq. Administration officials in the Congress will find a difficult reason, especially if they can arrange a vote before the November election. The third challenge is to win over traditional allies of express grave reservations. That process begins this weekend with Mr. Blair and in planned calls to leaders of Russia, China and France, but other leaders of NATO are staunchly opposed. Germany's Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder said he would not support an attack even if it had the blessing of the U.N. You know what else he said? What? It's a lie. I am not a Nazi. This puts even more pressure on a president to make the case with a kind of persuasive political speech that Churchill and Lincoln were so adept that that Elliot Colony professor of Johns Hopkins University. There we go again with the George W. comparison with Weinstein Churchill and now with Abraham Lincoln. The two of our great Jewish or leaders of ancient history. How do you like that? Don't you? When you look at him, don't you think of Abelic and Winston Churchill right away? Right. All the time. If we could just give him a good story, you know, like Weinstein used to do. Of course, you don't do the drinking anymore. I'm Churchill did. Right. Massachusetts man who played Santa Claus at Ramsey House dies. You know, this is first we had the reciting where that guy died. Right. And now this guy died. So this is just more, more, more fodder for Robert the back. The Santa Claus that Mommy said was the one that didn't. Right. This is more good fodder for Robert Stack, more unsolved mystery, shooter main unsolved forever. A man labelled by John and Patty Ramsey's of possible suspect in their daughter's slaying has died. Bill McRennel who had been hired to play Santa Claus at the Ramsey home was found date of a heart attack. Mummy at his home in Mashedby Massachusetts, as why I said he was 72. Police sources said they never considered the former university of Colorado journalism professor as a serious suspect. McRennel was investigated because he played Santa Claus at the Ramsey home three years in a row. His last appearance came two days before John, but he was found dead in 1996 murdered boochered. John, but he's death also resembled the plot of a play. He and his wife had written before the slaying. A photo he's collected here and handwriting samples from the couple in the first few months following the killing. The Ramsey's called McRennel's a suspect in their book Death of Innocence. Are we going to go out and get that? Let's get a right away. I am going to go out and break down by Bill Gerrard's T.E.R. T.Z. Howard Merckas intelligence failures led to November 11th. According to whoever was the fact me, one of our regular facts is the boochered is, booch wanted to stop the publishing of this book. I'd like that. Anyway, go back to this story about four of McRennel's who's dead. Jan McRennel said yesterday that her husband's involved in the infamous case, scarred him and forced the couple to move to the small town in Cape Cod after over 30 years in Colorado. Mash P. and never heard of it. Did you? No. Again, never been. Never been to Cape Cod? No. Boston? No. Framing him? No. Dore Chesta? No. Thank you. Salem? No. He was just so devastated by the mirrored anyone would suspect him. McRennel's big heart made him a popular instructor with CU said fellow professor Doug Kasper. See Tom Jick is right. You're talking a lot. I'm sorry. Some of his students kept relationships with him in terror lives. He said McRennel's fascination with Santa Claus began after his retirement. It wasn't that John Wayne Gacy also fascinated with playing Santa Claus. Clons. Nobody also he did clowns. He also played Santa Claus. I didn't know about the Santa. You better get with your John Wayne Gacy trivia, Mr. We're going to stick you right in the crossbow. Well, I do have the trading cards and paintings. No. You and Mr. Ego. Good. McRennel's fascination with Santa Claus began at a maze that you remember that. Begin after his retirement from the university in 1992, according to his wife. He loved being Santa. He loved the little children and the rams he caged destroyed his career and just devastated him. John McRennel's B.S. He loved that little girl. There was a very sad thing in his life because he had been a little loved children. It was the happiest part of his life. When the couple moved to Massachusetts in 1998, the grandfather of six instead filed his time, a field is done at should say it does. Helping the other day, local senior center. How do you like that? Here was a good guy like him. He liked old people and now he's dead and patty killed him. And the rams he smeared his name and the cinnamon would deep punk from which he never recovered. A memorial service with scheduled Friday mass attucious. A service in Boulder will also take place later this month. His national be scatted in one of his favorite Colorado mountain getaways. And of course the rams he would say that's what he wanted to do getaway. Oh, well, what's his name? Rudy Martsky. Who writes a very weak column on the sports on TV in the USA today? First you know Rudy Martsky? No. Hank's always quote Rudy Martsky. I think Hank's too fond of Rudy. And he rightfully so. And his Hank on the day did I give the schedule I haven't done that yet. Have I? I just got too much stuff here man. We got a 30 hour show of Marathon on a special day. I know he's on. When you relax I got a right in front of me. We got the mad dog at one who better get his Johnson straight. Hank. Look at that. Hank's got like a full well as full as it gets through in baseball season. He's got three to six three five but. Be no cook from five to six. If there's one thing we love. It's old be no not well. Why does he put him on? I'm going to know Hank's no dummy. It kills an hour. See that's our model. Me mad dog and the hump or that's our model. He's got a lot of work as little as possible and get paid as much as possible. And you know what it's working. Oh yeah. I was at work. I love it. Marlins on deck 6.35 right after Hank and Bino. And then you got the Marlins at the mess. What they sure got across last night is anybody here. 11 to 4 I think. F. 7 10 for his pitch. Eddie can't be baseball and Joe and Mark the dirty boys overnight. Don't forget Joe Costello Saturday somewhere. I'll give that again. I guess I better do the break and then we'll do the Rudy Marcky thing. Because he says women's groups not letting CBS off the hook over the matches. I'll use sexes pigs out there. You see the women's groups are obnoxious. They're disgusting. They're a bunch of bull dives mask rating is like real women. Which I always resented. I mean if you're lesbian fine. Be a diek. Stand up and be a diek. Don't pretend to be like a woman's group. If you're a real woman's group that's fine. But if you're a diek group. You know it's like gay men. Okay. We have groups. We have this organization and that one. We're fangs. Okay. This business of pretending to be like some kind of a feminist group when you're a hardly feminine. You know what I'm talking about? Do I know? Like what was your name Gloria Steinem when you called her feminine? No, no, no. Good God. I mean she's about a feminine as Janet. Well, maybe a little more. Not too much. How does that pull come and speak in a woman? Which of these women do you most strongly feel is a beard for gay celebrities? Elizabeth Taylor 53, all of you above 46. You know, she's a very personal celebrity. None of the above 16. And according to Horio 13, Brittany Spears, Brittany's got 12. And the only reason being, bye, bye, bye. That little fruit cake. Work shields eight. J. Lo is up to eight. Janet Jackson six. And the cool kid that who just went on there. She's already got a pair. The cool guy's got a little pair. That's what Tommy said. But he's probably never saw him. Oh, he just. That's a he. I've gone from actually once upon a time like him. You know what I mean? Of course I know what you mean. You had him on the show frequently. Or at least more than once. I had Tom Cruise on the show. I thought you were talking about Tom Chica. Tom's dick is doing the cool kidman. He might be doing what is she doing? Rubbin is bald spot 11 13 at five 60 WQM. Here's something I don't know if it's going to help your bald spot. But it can help a lot of other parts of your health. All of you, Matt. Here's the best way to get really pure olive oil in your body. Because you don't have to shmir it on your food around your armpits. Or anywhere else, even on the bottom of your feet. Because all your medicine soft-tailed caps will contain pharmaceutical grade. I'll have oil best you'll find anywhere along with vitamins and minerals and Robles to grow and help for all different parts of your body. To make one capsule for your prostate. Once specifically designed for your heart. One for your blood pressure for your cholesterol. One for your circulatory system, your digestive system. Your endocrine system, your skin, your bones. Even one supplement to help your mind and black. I've talked to a lot of you and believe me. I couldn't hurt. And don't forget, all your medicine has got products for men and you ladies out there as well. Only a month available. All over South Florida picks him up today in Walgreens at Whole Food Markets at the Barrel Pharmacy and Sedanoes. And if you want to get more information about Oelio Man, I bet you know the number by heart right now. I sure do. It's one eight six six Oelio Man. Be sure to ask away. They'll be happy to answer all your questions about what this great product can do for you. And we're to put it. Call one eight six six Oelio Man. And don't forget, you're in order to products off their website too. Like if you're a shot in who watches Oprah and Jenny Jones. Call just check out Oelio Man America dot com. And Jerry Springer. I have a local beer piece of five sixties. There ain't you though yours. Oh, you way. One smart loom house. And and and and can't catch me huh. And one cat that won't give up. Get better believe you a little furry but I can. That's what you said in the last movie. Slow pull. And you've got a summer movie full of adventure. We are going to get you a little pink sized roadie. We're friends. Come here until he worked that cats appetite into a fray. Come here. Yes, it's even more fun than the first movie with an even better ending. Gotcha. You know, he wasn't too bad. Just need a little salt. Don't miss. Stuart nipple coming this summer. Yeah, nipple on this. It's 11 16 at five 60 WC. Look at the nice comeback to markets making. You realize that after they found out that Bon Jovi rang the opening bell. That the market was thanking again. You think that they got his ass. It was down like 200 points to the doll. And I was only down like what is it 66. I'm like that. Let me take a look at the down game with down 88. Oh, like I said, 88 could make a kick. There is no curtain. Pop pop pop pop pop pop pop. Maybe we have to go out and retest those loads again. What do you think? Right. The next day down 26. But it was a lot worse earlier. And I'll let me get back to CNN and Christian. I'm on poor who's talking about how to pop. Never stole a free train. The Holy Father. Boy, do I. I, you know something. I don't hate many people. But I just, I don't hate her. But I despise that bitch. Christian. I'm on poor. So, in case you may say there was an assassination attempt on. What's his first name? Mohammed. No, that's not his name. Karzai. Is it? I don't know. Well, we don't care what they were holding. Mohammed. He looks okay. Mohammed. Karzai. What a great name is this week. The moment of beard. He's a president of Afghanistan. And he, uh, he's okay. I also want to Governor of Canahar. But he's okay to. Women's group. Not, in fact, why do we have to Governor of Canahar run against the ambush? Okay. Anybody at this point. Anybody but bush. That's going to be our motto. ABB. Anybody but bush. Work on your abs. Rudy Marcky, right? CBS decision to, uh, televised next year's match is won't be carried out easily. Not if the National Council of Women's Organizations keeps up its campaign. They have at least one woman admitted to the story. Augusta, George, National Golf Club. And all him good old boys. Yahoo man. Who the Yahoo Johnson? Or is it Glybub? And Martha Burke, who has the six million member in CWO, isn't about to throw on the towel on this high stakes game. CBS will broadcast the match. Do you see the CBS vice president Leslie and Wade said. But Burke said that will not deter her, including CBS among those she puts pressure on. I plan to appeal to CBS that they should not be underwriting an organization that discriminates. Burke said Tuesday. It's my belief that the shareholders of parent via com customers and even their employees will applaud a decision not to discriminate. Though 87% of respondents to a CNN SI com dot com pole Tuesday said that see they had even a much more lapsided. 87% of the CNN slash SI dot com pole Tuesday said that CBS could continue to broadcast the matches. Burke is about to turn up the heat. See that's those sexist sports nerds. Good. She was told that CBS believes it has an obligation to the public to carry the masters. Plus of course a lot of Mark golf nerds too that want to see they want to see tiger. Well guess what? 12 years ago you wouldn't have seen tiger with a guy. Because there were no schvarts is allowed. Okay. You bigoted assholes you. ESPN's Mike Greenberg said Tuesday of the networks would leap at taking the masters of CBS dropped out. Burke said she doubted CBS could tell about the tournament in the face of NCAA role pressure. Look at what happened to the sponsors she said. I've read some reports that CBS doesn't make money on the masters without those sponsors. If they're hiding behind the responsibility of their shareholders they need to make the public aware of what the arrangement is with the gust of national and how they're going to generate money for the network. CBS said the arrangements with the gust of national puts it at break even but doesn't make them money. Production costed about a million and a half are covered by the club. But Burke said there's more than money at stake. There's another cost here. The public image and how these CBS folks run a network. Corporate responsibility goes beyond financial responsibility. We've heard a lot of talk about corporate responsibility lately. This is a very important issue. Including from some irresponsible asshole. Neither ABC nor NBC would comment Tuesday on the masters. CBS makes it clear that although the masters is now a non-money making event. The value and prestige is in calculable. Much of love that. It's in calculable. But CBS and the tournaments sponsors are the victims of all guests in the national chairman who he Johnson's narrow-minded and trench stance on a prickly situation that will only go away when the club follows the rest of the American major golf world and admits a woman. If the member will invent all of them for saying that his discrimination is not good for the sport, pat them on a backing from the board to our regular business. Burke triggered this battle with the letter in June urging the club to admit women. After the controversy at the 1990 PGA Championship at Shool Creek and Burma's the PGA Championship at Schuel Creek and Birmingham, Alabama, the PGA Tour US Open and PGA of America which conducts the PGA Championship all institute and policies that forbid discrimination based on race, creed, gender, color or national origin. Augusta National Private Club remains the only club that host major US tournaments without an open membership policy. Unlike in 1990 when then Augusta National Chairman horde hard on a hardened, headed off a stormer protest by quietly admitting an African American member before the 1991 masters, Johnson drew a line at admitting the first woman. He often said the club might someday admit women but that time table will be ours and not at the point of a banet. Can you just see this Yahoo man? Can you just in picture him? Yeah. After he falls out of the tree and drops his banjo seems to have also threatened by women. Yeah. The good old boy struck you up there and they don't want no damn bitches in there. Johnson stands placed master's sponsors, IBM City Group and Coca-Cola as well as CBS, and the awkward position of being associated with the group that refused to do the right thing in the 21st century regardless of the laws protecting private clubs. Burke firmly believes that Coca-Cola indicated would pull out and city group was wavering, so Johnson was forced to make a preemptive movie dropped TV sponsors here for 2003, meaning that Augusta National would have to eat the $7 million plus cost of running next year's masters including CBS production costs and he signaled to Burke that women's membership at Augusta National would be a major cost to live. I didn't know golf was the other US religion she said. How do you like that huh? Pooody Johnson man and Rudy Marcki rips him an ass. Nice gone, Rudy. I don't care what the man says. Rudy's okay in my book at least on that comment. Wait to hear this. Why are you giving a little a little load on him this? An article in a British scientific journal suggests the party drug X to C may not be dangerous and that report that it affects could be imaginary. The British psychological society magazine, the psychologist, three researchers, two from Liverpool and then one from California. Criticized studies into the drugs effects. But that's going to make my friends an Amsterdam feel better, you know, because they're always getting the blame for like spreading that crap around and kids dying in the revo over there. They are. They're not even just rude. Amsterdam is great. The only problem with Amsterdam is in fact it's a lot like New York. Great cities, it's just a lot of the people live their assholes. Studies have reported that the tablets popular with him were talking about X to C. He popular with young people attending raves and nightclubs caused long-term brain damage and mental problems. And in fact right here in Toronto a couple of months ago seemed to me there was a story about some Qdudide after taking X to C. But maybe it was mixed in with booze and stuff. Well we'll continue with the article. But the new article criticized the research and accused researchers of bias. We're talking about this saying that causes long-term damage in the mental problems. The article was written by John Cole and Harry Sumnell of University of Liverpool that is a new article and Charles Grubb of the Harvard UCLA Medical Center in California. Cole is an expert in cognitive neuroscience and Sumnell is a postdoctoral psycho-pharmacologist. Both work in the University of Psychology Department. Grubb directed the hospital division in child and adolescent psychiatry is a leading US expert on child and adolescent depression and adolescent drug use. Their criticism is focused on several areas of existing research. X to C is said to affect brain cells that produce the mood influencing chemical serotonin. But it is matter of fact instead of eating chocolate and candy and stuff how much is pop in some x to C? No I'm sorry. Just a joke. Bad joke. What's now what the supposedly does serotonin your brain? That's what it does. When you eat the sweets and stuff and it comes you and pacifies you, indeed. And that Cole, Cole Sumnell and Grubb said any changes involved the generation of nerve fibers which can be regrown and not the brain cell bodies themselves. Some research only reported positive results in a neurodegative data. Thus minimizing data that suggests X to C has no long-term effects the author said. This suggests that hypotheses concerning the long-term effects of X to C are not being uniformly substantiated and lends to support the idea that X to C is not causing long-term effects associated with loss of serotonin they wrote. Because many people participating in the studies were self-selected from universities, the article questioned whether they truly represented the general population. Given the high media profile of long-term effect of X to C, one must question whether the participants are coming forward to confirm their fears about any adverse reactions they may have suffered the authors wrote. Studies on animals often involved in injecting them with large doses of the X to C chemical MDMA but routinely failed to find changes in behavior of MDMA three out of three animals. Even when the recines have damaged the brain according to the article are you following this following it? Okay. The authors noted that many psychological problems starting at lessons that X to C users often took other drugs and that some of the reported symptoms mirrored those caused by staying awake all night and dancing. And if I was like getting dizzy and like woozy and stuff like that and passing out a nonstop not drinking enough water because they're charging a $10 for the bottle. Passing out into pool of your own poop because you've been drinking all night. Most community-based studies have failed to find a definitive cross-in-effect relationship between X to C using associated problems they wrote. Perhaps most controversially they suggested that X to C's long-term effects might be I retro-genic. I thought I was the only person in the world who ever used that term on a radio. I don't even know what it means. I retro. We back when I used to do those shows those awful horrible shows with guests. Dr. Bob Mendelsen, Reston Pace, who was a great critic of his own medical profession, he used to, in fact, in his books, chapters and chapters about I.A. Troogenic diseases which are once caused by the medical profession in hospitals and by doctors. I see. It says perhaps most controversially this suggests that X to C's long-term effects might be I.A. Troogenic or caused by a physician's manner or treatment. Like I just said, we're concerned that the long-term effects of X to C could be I.A. Troogenic because researchers in the media are discussing a hypothesized cause and effect relationship as if a were fact they wrote. The article was counted by three other X to C experts writing in the psychologist who dismissed the idea that these assumptions were made. So I'll pick it off for you. Good luck to you. How is it illegal in the States? X to C? Yeah. Oh yeah. Big time. What do I know? I mean, it's available as aspirin, so I'm just asking. It is of course if what a stupid question if a warning illegal why would they be smuggling an infant right in from the Netherlands, right? Right. Probably to make some cash. They need the money. Okay, they're much less less less over the what do you want? They got to deal with their drugs. That's what it's all about. Booze and drugs and women and guys. 1127 at 560 WQA and VIP sportsbook Gary Sarnerman and this guy speak of Amsterdam. What a segue. I always follow into a bucket of cramp. I follow into a bucket of something that looks like Gary Sarner smells. Why he just ain't sending me any copy like everybody. Why should he be any different? You know? And how is the skipie deal with all those Brian accounts he inherited? The skipie. No. Did that his name? Yes. VIP sportsbook.com. That's their name in a chit time for me because I've been telling about him for a long time with the same steel copy that Gary Sarner just won't change. VIP sportsbook.com is the only sportsbook to be endorsed by all the industry watch dog groups since 1996. Actually, I should cut him a break because this copy says eight one and that's of this year. And suppose to all the other stuff I have for my doesn't mean it's new. Oh, no, it's not. The casino time news recent issues says you can look but you won't find a better overall sportsbook than VIP sportsbook.com. But maybe you'll be looking for more than just a world class leader. A world fastbook that offers 24 hour VIP service and the safety of a leader. How about this? How about the highest parlay odds anywhere about to 2001 minimum of that to only five books and free with draws 24 hours a day and a 15% cash bonus and a new first deposit. Now, this isn't some general book located in some growth test place like Okatomi. This is Dutch based VIP sportsbook.com or Pohoki where you're treated with class and your money is safe. Sign up online and get you a 15% cash bonus added to your account or call them at their toll free number 866 VIP bets. It's easy to get started. Just go to VIP sportsbook.com and don't forget when you do sign up online you get that 15% cash bonus. Be a winner if you have a sportsbook.com punch to your brain and your heart's content at VIP sportsbook.com where you be the VIP. That's it with no pay. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. So clear. That's better. I'm 13 to a 5.60 WQAM. Did you decide that before? I beg your pardon? Have you ever played that before? Sure. How can I forget that? It's me. Maybe you worked there. Maybe you're on vacation that way. Here's the facts from one of our chronic facts. Todd and Hollywood is okay. Will Rogers or Lenny Bruce have said I never met a duck. He's been Lenny Bruce and look what they did to him. I don't like it. I don't know. I'm not a big duck person. I'm not saying that all the other way. I'm not saying that all the other way. People are a little like his. In fact, that's why I spend a lot of time in Amsterdam. They need all the help they can. They need all the fingers they can. Not going to get my no. He says his voters for the Wiggen sisters. All I could write is a birthday party pony. He says, but don't tell my dog. Whatever that means. Now, here comes the most important fact of the day. Do you want to know why? I think I might know. Is it about that book? Yeah. Yeah. I appreciate this because our audience out there and believe you me since the format changed. I mean, I, you know, got a lot of stuff here to fill up a whole show. But much of the good stuff I get comes from you folks. I mean, you know, how many hours are there in a goddamn day? I keep the look at that asshole that facts me that one day about taking the easy way out by changing the format of the show. Not taking those great calls right taking the easy. Do you have any idea how much we're how much part of a. I'm I'm just. Yeah. I have an idea. Yeah. You have an idea. I mean, I used to just rule in and show up like, you know, half hour before the show. And sit there and talk a bunch of assholes for four hours. And that's what the new Roger show became. Now, throughout today, I'm going to go out to lunch. I come back in here, my on a guy named Internet. I'm checking this paper. I'm checking CNN. I'm not, I'm not quite about it because it makes it in my opinion for much better show. But the bottom line is the easy way out. Give me a freaking break. You moron. Hey, let's talk to Joe on a mobile. I mean, that's the, you know, that was okay. It's time. But believe me, for this kid, forget about it. No, no more. And I hear those in our tickets come back to call, you know, the rest of the sports nerds. And I said to myself, forget about it. And now, of course, that football season is here. The humper, I'm out there to like get him on a straight narrow path again. I hope I can get back there in time to straighten his ass out. Because he's letting the callers again every day. Not just on Fridays, like he was going to do. Remember we had a discussion about that. He said you're right. And his ratings went zooming back up again. Now the all week long. Hey, what do you like? What's the idea for get about it? Man, that is the most terminal as soon as I hear one of those. The pot here goes off and, you know, that's it. I'm back on the passions again. I mean, that is just garbage. And in selfish, that's one thing about the callers. All we said, they have their own agenda. No matter what you're talking about, they have their own agenda. So they don't give a crap. I mean, having a discussion with you, whatever their self is thing, they want, they want, they need, you know, let's go. The rest of the audience don't give a crap. Anyway, so this book that this, this, Factor was recommending and he's, Factor's a lot and a good guy. He, he makes the effort to refax and say, Whoops could be wrong. And then he's got some excerpts from the book. And he also saved me 20 bucks. Probably more than that Canadian, hey, Canadian, the dollars were 64 cents. Oh, my god. Break down by Bill Gert's G-E-R-T-Z. Forget about it. I mean, unless you were right, Winger that wants to rob me of course, you won't sign courses. Now, I'm not defending, of course, I'm not a robber or any of our Carter any of those people. Oh, you know, now where's Carter going now? Oh, he's going anywhere. He just came out with some kind of a statement on the Iraq thing. You know, somebody should put him like back on a peanut farm and say, Jimmy, you're a good guy and ever stole a free train, but go away. Just like you noticed how much his trip to Cuba, uh, uh, developed revolutionized, I would say, even more than what the Pope did, right? Of course, you know, nothing plus nothing is still nothing, but never less. So anyway, here is the blurb. Here's the breakdown on his book from Carter to Clinton. How liberals gutted hamstring and bug-roll US intelligence, leaving the door wide open and tear. And I'm reading the, you know, and I'm not debating any of these points, but it's obviously written from a real extreme right wing position. And then the endorsements on it at the end are from very moderate people like Jean Kirkpatrick, Ed Meas, and Richard Pearl. Oh, yeah. So I think I'll pass. I think I'll pass, okay? And the book review says that the engrit investigating side sources in the Pentagon and the CIA and is able to track the path of terrorism, the USA said commentary of Clinton's leadership shocking. And of course, there's no question like I said that a lot of that stuff is true, but as we just said it was all Clinton. It's all those liberals, man. I think I'll pass on that. I think I better things to waste my eyesight on. Like, rich packers, teeny tiny facts is would be good. Don't forget, Joanne Joe Costello, this Saturday 11-1-Fey Singular Wireless 2299 Pots daily on a Coral Gables. Stop by for our usual crappy QA and prizes and register to win tickets to watch the Marlins play the expose on the 18th from the QA and Scott O'Sqabox, which the game is meaningless, but nevertheless you'll be in the QA and Scott O'Sqabox and get a chance to do stuff up there. Just like Brian Schmutz, remember he did in the Scott O'Sqabox in the Mac and the McAurina. Of course, I'll always remember. Right. And so will he. Anyway, New York Daily News says New York's top officials and nervous airline passengers blasted security breakdowns yesterday that were uncovered by a daily news provider for across the country. New York senators tough Schmutz and Swirl Ray Clinton vowed to investigate the news findings, charging that transportation authorities to fail to make much needed improvements. I'm extremely concerned by the Lamps' Center for Security Identified by the news Clinton said yesterday, things have to be tightened up Schmutz. Let's do the tighten up. Remember that song by Archie Bell and Drill. Book of Brian does. Hey, let's do some more one hit wonders. Not. Not right away. Things have tightened up Schmutz. We're told that he knew after it supporters able to pass security check points for 14 flights over the Labor Day weekend carrying contramen including box cutters, razor knives and pepper spray and carry on bags and check luggage. Clinton demanded that transportation authorities provide answers. His dialies weapons were able to make it through security systems that were supposed to be significantly upgraded since 9.11. As Governor Patak in Mayor Bloomberg also called from Proonerport Security passengers at Kennedy, LaGuardia Newark Air Force, three of the 11 spots breached by the news. We responded to the papers findings with fear and anger. Fear, anger and loathing. Keep doing this until they wake up, Kenny tights, shifty eight of Queensland's urge to the news as he waited at a JFK for a flight to Florida. Oh, go back, Kenny. Don't want to go there. The most powerful country in the world is the most latched in security in Kenny, you are. Absolutely correct. At Newark, Ron, in Tilia, 51 of San Diego who was on route to Vermont, rubble, the security guard should be on the unemployment line. Joe Pesteros, 63. What was the thing about falling off the turn of truck member that line? Yeah. And that's exactly where most of those people came from. The use for security, they fell off the turn of truck. Joe Pesteros, 63 of Tampa, said in the Guardia, their lapses are blatant. But argument is only so much that can be done with our violating the Constitution. And my surprising, get weapons through. No, he said, I'm sure if you intend to get weapons through you can. Well, great. Go back to Tampa. Puts. At City Hall, Bloomberg said federal authorities are not doing as much as they need to do. It's one thing we go to pass along, allocate some fun stuff to fix in it. It's quite different to go out there. Do it and maintain it. But tacky puts to the state would go beyond what is required by federal authorities. The governor added that the news pro-shared service, the less no federal authorities, we would just urge them to learn from this experience, do whatever they can. While the guards X-rayed and hands searched the news carry on, carry on bags, none of the counterbanned carried by reporters was found, none of it, none of it, none of it, zero is if any due to. The four airports were the 9-level terrorist boarded planes, Newark, Boston's Logan Airport, Washington's Dullos, and Portland's International's Headport and Maine. All failed. The other airports tested were the Guardia Kennedy Chicago's O'Hare, Los Angeles Las Vegas for the Loverdale and Santa Barbara California. The nation's airports are trying to meet TSA and not, oh, I got a story on that. November 19 deadline? I guess what they're saying. I'm not going to do it. I'm going to have a story on it. The agency said yesterday the news findings underscore the favors of an aviation security system inherited by the federal government last fall, in other words, that somebody else's fault, war's, ringen security measures, including requiring all carry on and check and loads to be screened will be implemented in coming months. The reality is Americans have never had a higher level of security in the history of aviation said Leonardo Alcivar, spokesman for the DSLR. I mean, that's that's our moment at his enhancement, okay? And Norman Edd about away is an asshole, a major asshole. In fact, you take him. There's a poster children for this administration. Him, Tom Ridge, the old cheesehead, Tommy Thompson, and then of course, Hermon Gering Jr. John Aschroff, they're the poor and of course, condolisa, the poster children for you got in charge now, the people who stole the election. Am I doing something like I'm being like a little more stringent about this because I'm certainly getting more and more pissed off? No, that really. Oh, the name better start. It's 1040, it's 1040 in the central time, so don't do that. I don't know that. It's 1140, time is a waste and maybe we've got the mad dog coming up at one. And then we got Hank coming out of three in the studio and then of course we got Bino with Hank at five. And let me tell you about how you become a high paid computer professionally. Get yourself educated. Educated like me. You heard me talk about the large number of jobs that are waiting for you out there. The question is, how do you find a good school that'll help you accomplish this? Educated like Todd Drex, educated in how to do nothing. Now, but at fast-ranging they teach you how to do something. Fast-ranging is the one school that's got four convenient locations all over the day and Broward, including Bluewood and Kendall. Fast-ranging is the school that's got certified Microsoft instructors, convenient day evening weekend classes for you. That's convenient to your schedule, whatever it is, in between your drug deals. There's one school that's got full time job placement to Parmad over 30 years experience. And with this school, fast-ranging can complete your programming and get certified in just four short months. We're talking hands on training so you can get out of your data and job and start making some real bucks. And then really, well, you know what kind of a business you want to be on. Get off your butt, pick up the phone call fast-ranging today at 1-8-6 fast-trane. And that's 1-8-6 fast-trane or check them out of the web at fast-trane.com. And that's 1-8-6 fast-trane. And that's 1-8-6 fast-trane. And that's 1-8-6 fast-trane. And that's 1-8-6 fast-trane. And that's 1-8-6 fast-trane. And that's 1-8-6 fast-trane. And that's 1-8-6 fast-trane. And that's 1-8-6 fast-trane. And that's 1-8-6 fast-trane. And that's 1-8-6 fast-trane. And that's 1-8-6 fast-trane. And that's 1-8-6 fast-trane. And that's 1-8-6 fast-trane. And that's 1-8-6 fast-trane. And that's 1-8-6 fast-trane. And that's 1-8-6 fast-trane. And that's 1-8-6 fast-trane. And that's 1-8-6 fast-trane. And that's 1-8-6 fast-trane. And that's 1-8-6 fast-trane. And that's 1-8-6 fast-trane. And that's 1-8-6 fast-trane. And that's 1-8-6 fast-trane. And that's 1-8-6 fast-trane. And that's 1-8-6 fast-trane. And that's 1-8-6 fast-trane. And that's 1-8-6 fast-trane. And that's 1-8-6 fast-trane. And that's 1-8-6 fast-trane. And that's 1-8-6 fast-trane. And that's 1-8-6 fast-trane. And that's 1-8-6 fast-trane. And that's 1-8-6 fast-trane. And that's 1-8-6 fast-trane. And that's 1-8-6 fast-trane. And that's 1-8-6 fast-trane. And that's 1-8-6 fast-trane. And that's 1-8-6 fast-trane. And that's 1-8-6 fast-trane. And that's 1-8-6 fast-trane. And that's 1-8-6 fast-trane. And that's 1-8-6 fast-trane. And that's 1-8-6 fast-trane. And that's 1-8-8<|en|> 61-8-6 heart and that's 1-8-7-6 fast-trane. That'sOST2 certainly how they live in those Fineries of Jude's times-208 had or lasted more than 1-6-8. In정当 the time that we became really strong-stucked like from earthish attacking one-to-one- Eles to unbelievable... Performing with a different looks of broad-inho cleaner with a tight-fledging We don't want to have too much fun. Do we want to have too much fun? No, that's why we have more round. Make sure we don't have too much fun Grumpy old man anyway here we go Hang on tight Coming up tonight What is that? Oh, that's right. Let it go to the next track. Well, I was good though. See a false start false start Let's try it again. Now, what was that one I was had coming up there? It was Almost almost feel like playing that There's a false plan And here like a little bit of phasing in your can't remember When Loving things that won't stay on And they'll come out They'll take my turn They'll be in the night off Where you are the way All I find are high Right in the end Where are you I'm going to leave your home There's no reason Excellent So anyway, this thing you just backed me I find is most astonishing. All I'm really shouldn't have a funny Charles Elmore of the Palm Beach Post is writing an article about how it's more Howard David And once a comment for me in response to what he made about me He tells this guy I told him something in confidence and he used it on the ear And he can only be referring to the comment about you. He did the right thing and he backed off In terms of getting you fired Okay, I don't know what kind of content he has never ever said anything to me since we've had so little conversation anyways Never said anything in his life to me That he said oh strictly confidential and don't repeat this He's next. You know if you say something in confidence that means you're telling somebody don't repeat this Right I always make it a point to say something like that Right, there was nothing in confidence He told me that right to my face which was an admission that he tried to get your ass canned That's all I need did everybody in the building knows that he tried That's really threatened to walk out if they didn't fire your ass Which I had to work feverishly for weeks and weeks and weeks to keep them from firing your ass I got that message on my answering machine on my voice milk from Greg Reed Oh great book by the way congratulations all in by the way I'm decided to terminate your drug regus So there's your answer Charles L. Moore. There's the answer for you. He never told me anything in confidence and the man is full of crap as usual Just like all his other outrage when he first came to town. He didn't go after Bill's in for a job I'm a he takes it very pretty. Yeah, this guy is just a tragic tragic There are no words to describe him and like I've told you and I really mean this. I have never encountered a person And I use that term loosely like Moh Howard in my life I don't I think after they made that mold they burned it. It's something with it There's nothing like him. Thank the Lord So you know that reading that thing they you did the question from that writer and pombie It's enough to make me play one of those bits now, you know, I probably want He's actually an Irish to me today, Mo Oh, don't mention this Goldie You're not gonna get raped again today, I am old. Yeah, you know why? Why is that? Oh, because rapes not funny But I ain't gonna be a mean man normal If they think that's funny, that's fine by me. Wow, you really changed your way I thought get about it. I'm putting over all the old no-fig Newton leaf. You have a nice day of power nice my cuttley friend Hey, Mo look out for that truck Oh Mo look like a shapeless pile of gold You There's your my respect. I told you I wasn't even told before that master who's with my shoes I don't want to say I'm glad outside of the National She mucky wasn't dead It's a mahaya Oh, how would they just say this again? Oh, how would they just say this? Oh, how would they just say this? Oh, how would they just say this? Oh, how would they just say this? And by the way Charles, I'm always another guy's name at the Palm Beach post Yes, maybe you'd like to talk to some of the other people at QM And see if they even get honest answer out of them In terms of what they think about Mo and how their relationship is But nevertheless that's your business you're writing the article At least he's writing something as opposed to Tommy over there at the Sun Sentinel Who's too busy writing about the cooking show schedules for the day that's his idea I don't know where you would teach you about. I so thought you were kidding And if you if you go back to that Sight where his calm is and they had the list of all of his past counts That's a regular feature of his So the two things that he's got on there this week has claimed to fame was last Sunday He had his usual and TV book his questions and answers Which I still think he makes up the questions and puts in the answers and early some of them And the other one is the schedule for the cooking shows today And that's it You had the goddamn American idol final last night that was watched by 80 trillion people Even the Lionel Curre, about it was a big story You got the stuff that's going on at QM You got the thing that happened with a conflict between you know which Jim Sarnier wrote about that But here's your got supposed to be right about the media You have the thing with the I don't want to go into it Everybody knows what I'm talking about the thing with party radio and power There is so much going on in this market and this man just is totally oblivious If he if he would pay as much attention on what he's supposed to be right about as he does the daily racing form Maybe the people who read a son sell will know a little inside stuff what's going on in radio and a market But then again, they can listen to the show and find out Thanks Tom never thought about that Speaking of airport security I told I had these two other things Yes from CBS news a test of guns in the cockpit Source to say the Bush administration plans to adopt a small scale test program of a arming commercial pilots And it turned about from its previous opposite to the idea we want to move forward in a limited way So to senior government officials speaking on the condition of an enemy of course to see whether or not based on fact guns with further security The administration said to be modeling its trial plan along the lines of similar proposals that circulated in Congress this summer Once our plan would have armed as many as 1,400 pilots about 2% of those flying A source says the administration is on the brink of an out there with a student they're getting close In fact look at there he is not so hard at not helps the plane is returned I want people going back to work in America What do you say instead of a hard ass? Yeah, that's what I heard hard ass While the tails of the plan are still being worked out by the TSA owners normal ed again He's got his ugly finger in there and other off officials to basic framework for limited test programs Been essentially drawn up details on how many pilots could participate in the length of program have been fined lives yet the government source said Adding that the cost liability in training issues are still being worked out Maybe we can like make a schedule and show everybody in America and all over the world which pilots on which flights are going to have those guys Okay, just to make sure that it's meaningless Transportation under Secretary John McGaw who headed the new TSA in a we until July I said to me he would not allow pilots to carry guns We enforce cockpit and armed air marshals provide enough protection against terrorists who try to take over a plane he'd be saying The responsibility the pilots control the air craft McGaw said the use of firearms and border US aircraft must be limited of those thoroughly Travellers along forcement our position is made that the cockpit make the cockpit as safe as we can control that plane and get it on the ground Having thousands of armed pilots in your ports would mean thousands of weapons that could follow wrong hands from us at the time We just don't want to subject to transportation system to additional firearms. You said but the house in July voted 310 to 113 to allow commercial policy carry guns giving me proposal momentum and TSA Secretary Norman that has said soon after when he was re-examining the issue The airlines have generally opposed plans to our pilots while the pilots union and the NRA Of course, it's thanks to its proposal and I do two-smetrific Don't you? Yeah, huh? You don't want your pilot handle money don't fly anywhere anyway, right once the last time you flew anywhere What decade was that last decade? Airborne trip I guess Oh, that's a long time ago. Airports will meet security mandate. Don't forget that Chicago trip It too very close together flights on there the trip up and then when they see that fans right after the show. Thanks a lot Disney Well basically they didn't want to like spend money to keep the underlings in their Chicago That's my opinion. I'm like Disney. Airports won't meet security mandate. This goes back to that three before If terrorists ever again targeted US aviation the threat is likely to be centered right in the belly of an airplane security experts agree a suitcase Bob presents the greatest risk yet as CBS news correspondent Bob or reports four months before a year and deadline requiring that all check bags Be scanned for explosives most luggage is not being screened now the nation's biggest airports warn There's no way to meet demand date without major disruptions Jeff dig in chief executive off surradalist forward their ports said they're not enough time money or space to install the 60 bomb scanners He did the scan the 55,000 bags take each day We have a very difficult time understanding how that's gonna happen at this airport and at the same time not create very long lines And really adverse impacts on our customers. He says in stead screeners will use small explosive trace detectors and crowded ticket lobbies to conduct invasive searches for bombs The protocol calls for about 60% of the bags actually be opened in some patients has taken So that would actually take place right here in front of all other customers most major You must airport spaces similar crunch because the TSA is nowhere close to having enough equipment or manpower nowhere even close To meet the deadline the TSA needs you let 100 TTX bomb scanners 56 hundred handheld traced detectors and 22,000 screeners So far only 240 scanners have been installed 1200 detectors and out in airports and only 175 screeners have been hired of the 22,000 that they need Right now we're thinking they'll probably be 20 to 30 airports where we won't be able to meet the December 31st Deadlines as norm maneta Puts an edu who's promised to move past in your through security checkpoints in ten minutes and see Tans searches of those airports will cause big delays and may take an hour and a half to hours to do what he says That's why airports in passenger advocates now are pushing Congress to delay the December 31st Backspaning deadline and of course based on the New York Daily News on an experiment What difference is it make if they go check this stuff anyway? They open up some of those bags and still didn't find a goddamn guns I just think it's an impossible dream says Tom Parsons who runs bestfares.com Unless Congress backs off person says chaos will rule the airports It's gonna be an aggravation. He says you think we had long lines before I think you're gonna see an even longer lines Airlines say they simply can't afford that with flights and passengers off 10% is your losses could top five billion Until security holes like an adequate baggage cleaning is are closed the US aviation industry runs the risk of losing even more It says CBS news.com 1157 at five 60 WCM the man dog come out for one Macru shopping like I keep town is stupid. Don't be stupid because a lot of people on this station don't like people or stupid like George If you want to be smart pick up the phone and call my good post personal buddies at dial-maters I've used them several times over last several years and that's the only way to get you a great new mattress 1-800 mattress they give you more than just great service They give you an unbeatable selection of top brand names. They got the best brands in the universe sorta See these Simmons King Coral all the top names you've heard of and you love and no store can match their selection Or their everyday exceptionally low prices a lot of stores give you like a big sale And they give you a baton switch and they wind up giving you a mattress. You didn't want in the first place Now with dial-maters. They have exactly the type and the brand that you want in stock and ready for just about immediate delivery Any day the week seven days week in the tour window as convenient for you when you're gonna be home So forget about running all over town forget about sitting on your ass all day praying that somebody will show up Do your mattress shopping the smart way with dial-maters and don't forget about that 30 day in-home comfort guarantee to it's unbeatable Pick up that phone right now and I guarantee as soon as tonight If you like you'll be sleeping like a baby with a big smile on your post your back and all you will be feeling better call 1-800-MACRUS 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S or check them out on that worldwide wicked web at macros.com 5-6-U-A-A-A Hi, this is Dave Goldstein, but you can call me Gellby whenever I'm in town I listen to wait a minute. I am in town. It's the 12th of a hour That this is former bus president of the United States Al Gore I have recently spoke my head out of the shadows of oblivion to take potchoss at the president I have reappeared much like Pucks the Tony Phil the Groundhog creature that reappears each year to determine whether or not we'll have an early spring I wish it to be known that it was I who was responsible for saving the lives of those nine miners and pencil lenia over the weekend I had asked the media to keep my name out of it as not to appear a spotlight hog. However, I feel the American people have a right to know the truth Here's what happened Upon hearing of this unfortunate accident, I raced to the scene I lowered myself into the mind using an old Ron Popeo pocket fisherman and some bailing wire Down, down, down into the depths of darkness I sank never thinking of my own safety but rather of the safety of those man on the ground When I reached the miners they said to me, hey, you're the garden vendor the internet, right? I said yes We all had a mic's hard lemonade which I brought with me down into the hole and then we've sat around and re-enacted the fart scene from blazing cytles I thought you should know the truth And now much like the groundhog creature pucks the Tony Phil, I'll flank back into the darkness of oblivion until I am needed again This is the allegor Sleeper hero Yeah, well let you know I'll don't tell her it's 12.15 60 WKM are big noon to one hour 246 votes on the pool Which of these women you most strongly think is a beard for gay celebrities Elizabeth Taylor 65 all of the above 55 Lisa Marie Presley 36 not only about 22 Brittany Spears 17 and a corner for the 17 J low be having 10 now She's in double digits 10 adjacent and Brooks shields each have nine and a call came in and just got on list here moments ago She was already got six what a shame she was not there right from the beginning, you know, she might get more run for their honey Man with 16 guns arrested in DC speaking of gun nuts the man was arrested yesterday afternoon in downtown Washington after a cash of weapons of winning ten rifles and six handguns was found in his car law enforcement sources said The man whom sources identified as Jeffrey Kloochay, no relation to NHL gold tender Dan Kloochay has not been charged yet and will probably face a court appearance today probably In fact, he may be in there right now Kloochay is in secret service custody has been questioned the sources said a woman was in the car and she was detained as well The car was a rented Chevrolet Cavalier sources said, oh, the alert to locate the vehicle man was thought to be driving first came from the new port New Hampshire police department Tuesday night according to one law enforcement official It was just after the man made comments about need to go to Washington to get things straightened out What are the search for the vehicle became public and Philadelphia after local media alert reported police communications describing the vehicle Getting straightened out That's what Michael on the doing Vegas to was that buy him out you buy me out I buy you out. I was making my bones. Why do you are banging cheerleaders? Plain is a attorney say victim still considering churches settlement offer this in stark contrast to the story we had yesterday Which turns out to be as usual since it came from the church officials another lie liar liar your robes are on fire This is from the Boston Globe of course The attorney for the alleged sex abuse victims of the frock priest John Gagan said Yesterday that reports of a tentative ten million dollar settlement between the Boston Arts Dices and his clients are premature a premature evaluation Yeah father to a news that were problem with that score court in a late morning news conference yesterday Attorney Mitchell, Gerard Bd and said there is an offer of ten million dollars. There's been no acceptance to call it ten they would be inaccurate He said his eighty-six clients were considering the proposal body to climb and say how many agreed to it many have signed many have not signed He said the Reverend Christopher coin a spokesman for the arts dice is refused yesterday to confirm the bottom of the settlement offer But said the negotiations were moving swiftly on both sides and we're pretty close to a deal. Oh, don't you love. Oh Just just a verbiage of that makes me want a barf. We're pretty close to a deal How much how much is it going to cost to share it see now if mole would have said to me how much the you know, we can I pay you how much will I pay you? To keep this quiet Eight bucks that would have done it We're taking a lot more than that okay see here's the guy I'm interrupting the store, but I'll get back But here's the guy who comes in and thinks he can go around and back stab and he's gonna manipulate and he's gonna throw his way around You know, he's a big shot and he's gonna get you fired and he's gonna and and nobody's gonna know about it See the best part of the thing is one of the reasons that muffles in a rubber room for solar is because they never even told him about it Oh, no, Mo had nothing to do with that right so in a moment of weakness in a moment of rare candor He leaned back in that chair and said to me and certainly not in confidence Yeah, you know why George is still here because I did the right thing I'm back to off Which is an admission that he was the one as if anybody's not ready to know that but here is the smoking gun right there He backed off So he actually thought he could do all this manipulation around there get you as part and nobody would ever know how it really happened As if I'm gonna shut up about it See when you start messing with my people, Mo that's when it gets on a year along with all your other Hanky Panky What the hell was I saying? I don't know I forgot there's no settlement at this punk liberal working tour that he said the barren Christopher coin This doesn't mean we're stepping back from it. It just means it was a little premature to be reported in the media as such right it was the media's fault Right the previous the less the media may be worth as much as 30 million was announced in March But the Archdiocese backed out in May when it's finance council rejected that they backed out Good Christians that they are good law biting good the truth telling a cat looks that they are they backed out We changed their mind The new offer which has been approved by the finance council has made late July before the sides went to court to determine whether the earlier settlement was binding Said laws attorney J Owen Todd Here a meeting is as judge Constance Sweeney to enforce the earlier agreement which called for the Archdiocese to make payments to victims ranging from 10 grand to almost a million bucks a piece Swing that encouraged lawyers to settle before she ruled on the first offer Here a meeting said those amounts will be reduced proportionally or about two thirds under the new deal summer. Let us a victims would still receive $10,000 While the victims themselves would receive approximately 25 to $320,000 Very very small amounts for screwing up people's lives. It's not all about money contrary to what some people say your obedience said my clients just want closure They want to get out with their lives. Close your robes father people are starting to talk Your obedience said one possible meaning obstacle is that some clients want to be allowed to make victim impact statements in court Describing how the abuse is affected their lives the agreements involved some 86 plaintiff 70 who are allegedly abused by diggin and 16 relatives of victims who sued the Archdiocese Potts have your obedience 12 minutes any morning, but all the one of the plaintiffs that agreed to be ten million dollars settlement But your obedience said yesterday that was not true not true all plaintiffs must agree for the deal to be finalized So who do you believe you believe we are sticies? Oh, you believe them Don't think so then what you call just a slight credibility problem your dices is first of that one there in Boston and Cardinal Allah Who's still there? I mean the fact that he still there is just mind boggling it's just astonishing they don't take their marching orders from you The people the congregation Or the law or the law because in at our stices he'd be the law more ways than one I've been holding this story off and I because it's been here the bottom of my pile and it I told you before the show This has got to get on before I forget about it. UK and this is perfect for them too for the brits UK marks public toilet anniversary. This was day to August 14 So I've been sitting on it for a couple of weeks the total for it Count of the past but embarrassed by the present Britain marked the 150th anniversary of its public toilets Wednesday, which year whatever Wednesday That wasn't August amid warnings the public conveniences disappearing from its streets Burying the shield Hamlet and tried and of a of the National Symbol Britannia model Michelle Lebatrow Later giant penny against the ratings of a subterranean lube and central London near the spot on Fleet Street Where Britain's first public toilet opened in 1852. I wonder if they also had available dispensing machines for fleet animals Wouldn't you think? Well, I don't it in the lube or in Louvah finger they have coin up tampon machines public toilets. I know that public toilet traditionally cost the penny views And the spend of penny became a common expression for going to the lube Well worth it a twice the price I'd say because direct fleet street toilet is now closed many others are following in Amsterdam They don't have what they call a I don't know not that kind of it's not like a real toilet They just had those things where you stand and pee like a surrounded by a real Huh, it's a stall a urinal stall. Yeah, but I mean it's surrounded partially by a green I don't know some kind of a screen thing, you know green screen a green screen And of course if you really want to get a good look, there's no problem 47% of a public convenience is in England cities at post since 1995 according to the audit commission last year There were 5,800 public toilets in England month for every 8,000 inhabitants. Wow The number of public toilets in the UK is limited in declining especially for women who have happened about half as much provision as men to start with To clear a greed and academic from the University of the West of England is studying public toilets Well, that's great. And that's something what do you do when you're academic work? I study public toilets. Somebody's got to. Yeah, somebody's got to check out the craft Yet it's men not women who've provoked a debate about an adequate provision because of the growing incidence of street urination I see so they must be talking about the same things Because obviously the women need like a full full service job. We'll just see you know right But when we're talking about the one for the men they might they must be the same public toilets We're introducing the 19th century to stop the spread of disease through public following Public following that a baseball term. Yes, and many of London's Victorian lose our graceful structures Tiled underground chambers in circle by iron fences and crowned with arches or purgillers. What are purgillers? Don't know. Remember that there was in Tana Restaurant, Kala Purgillot. I have no idea what that is. Many are not padlocked and resting while others have found a new life as cafes, flower shop theaters and I clubs Public toilets are an important element of creating accessible sustainable cities greed shed But a lot of authorities take the view that they're too expensive and too much trouble to maintain We'd said Britain's neglect of its toilet heritage contrasted with a restroom revolution in East Asia All with that God, I'm gonna have to be going there Singapore's governments declared clean public toilets a hallmark of a gracious society And last year hosted a world toilet summit Oh You see if I would have missed this story you never would have known and nobody in this audience would have unless they were there So how do you spell purgillers? PERGOLA House would you spell it? Come on. What do you say? Oh, you're finally here. I'm finding it. And what does it say? Well that's right. I forgot you want to. I can't believe how slow that thing is. That was embarrassing. The little thing before we went to the Sun Sentinel. And I was reading Tommy's schedule for the cooking shows and you were still trying to find the columns. So what does purgiller mean? If you found it? An arbor or passageway of column supporting a roof of, oh, here's another words, Trellis work on which clining plants are trained to grow. Oh, how lovely. Wouldn't you like to take a real heavy dump in the middle of a surrounded by that sounds very inviting to me? Man, I think I could just really let out some anyway. Singapore's governments declared public toilets a hallmark of gracious society and last year hosted that World Tarlet Summit. The city of Suwan South Korea so proud of its futuristic lose. It builds itself as a city with the most beautiful public toilet in the world. This is not from a British paper, by the way, it's from Newsday. And yet they keep using that term, Lou. The British Tarlet Association lobbies for better bathrooms and it's Lou of the Year Awards recognized excellence in public conveniences. Oh, man. Authorities in West Menstu, the Central London Burrow with a country's busiest public toilets. How do you say that? Lester Square, or is that light sister? See, that's like Worcester, but I'm not the Britannia holiday. The Lester Square, Lou, serves more than a million customers here, has devised ingenious ways to combat street urination. The Burrow has set up open ur urinals in busy tourist areas and plants to introduce collectible urinals, invented in the Netherlands that can rise out of the sidewalks on Friday and Saturday nights. How do you like that? Leave it to those Dutch, baby. They know their crap. And their cheap. And that's where the term came from Dutch street. Did you know that? We were talking about that. Oh, yeah, I think you are very astute about that. That's about time. Twelve minutes after noon at 5.60, WDQ and by the way, somebody tried to get George Fire. Not too long ago. I heard that. Here's something that's good for you. Oh, we are mad. Maybe some people on our staff could use some of certain accounts that are hurt their mind if they have one. But it can help yours. All you might have got supplements for all different parts of your health. They just a little capsule you're popping your push. It's got the best olive oil you'll find anywhere in it along with vitamins and minerals and Robles. All kinds of good stuff in those little capsules. Easy to take. And they've got one for your prostate, one for your heart, your blood pressure or cholesterol. They make one for your circulatory system, your digestive or your inner consistent, your skin involves. And like I said, even your mind, all using the benefits of pharmaceutical grade olive oil. And only a little bit like I keep telling you over and over again makes products for men and for ladies too. Hey, skipy. How about some coffee, baby? Only a measurable, all over town at Walgreens. Go see my friend Marcy there. It's sunrise in downhill. Ask your how about some olive oil medicine. One's then do pizza loss. But right over there. We're on pointing. Whole food markets tomorrow. Pharmacy in Sanano's has it too. If you want to get more information about oil. You're mad. We're outshaking by it. And what it can do for you. Just call their toll free number and they'll explain it to you. Call 1. 866. That's one. 866. Over your men. And you can order their products out there. World famous website too on the net at. At. AudioMet America.com. My life. And local. This is 42560. 22560. How are you David? I'm Mr. Mouse. What the hell are you doing to me? What do you mean sir? Why am I reading in the paper? You're going to put a Disney theme park in Brooklyn? Well sir, we're just scouting locations. Jesus, I'm scouting CEOs. You are killing me. But sir, we've done what New York City Times Square. 20 seconds. Hang on. Raymond. Raymond. KELOLB OF WACILE CLINER. Raymond. Get the bluebird on here. Okay, boss. If it's. I'm sure. Look what we've done. We've made down Manhattan. 42nd Street is incredible. I want publicly. I support it. But you took all the porn away. You're telling me. I'm going through Gamma's. Calm like pets. We're just scouting areas. Calm down. Let's go to the butt. Month. Don't tell me to calm down. We've got lucky with Lee Low and Stitch. $128 million. Now you're trying to ruin the whole minute work. We're kind of programming on you running. Hang on a minute. The three, two, three. Raymond. Yeah. You're got bluebird crap all over your shoulder. Wait for yourself up for heaven's sake. And hang off the module, please. Look at you, folks. Good. God. Sir, the network is fine. You're going to cut New come up with American Idol. Good. God. You're still running James Bob movie. There's 60 years old. Why don't you just put steam box rolling on and be done with it. Please, though, it make a couple of damn dollars. Well, the movie division's fine. You mentioned we were in Stitching now. We have the new M.N.I. Chumman movie coming all the way to the summer. Oh, I think that's fine. What the hell does that mean? Stop sign yield. Stein. You're going to start swinging some of these titles past me. Please. I was like, what did you want? Raymond. Raymond. Raymond. Raymond. I know you can't hear me. Raymond. You're still running a bargain for him. He's a nutbox of run for the day. Raymond, take that bull car for you. All right. Isaac. Yes sir. I'd be very careful. The next time I started my car, why were you? What do you mean sir? I've got done with you. What? I've done with sir. I've put hand on stone in your job. You're terrible. I'm sorry. They're not put on limits in there. I'd be like the president of Disney Remus. Oh my. What a wonderful day. Get on a hurry and talk back. The uncle remis just as I know what. Now what was that the song of the song was? Was that the name of that movie? That's the one. Very good. What a memory huh? See now anybody who's not an old fart like you and me doesn't even know what that uncle Remus thing is all about. And the blueboard on my shoulder. You have to relive that. There's a bluebird on a high. Huh? Just really do that. Don't forget, uh, Bray rabbit and Bray Fox. Bray. Bray bear. Era back last warning to Bush. This just didn't hardly be seen in just what? And the tar baby. Are you starting in again? Are you a swore against the rack would open the gates of hell in the Middle East. Airblee Secretary General Amir Musa speaking of Mickey Musa said on Thursday today. Speaking at the end of an airblee floor minister's meeting in Cairo Musa. The airblee Secretary General Amir Musa heard the rack to allow UN weapons inspections to resume in a bid to hit off a US attack. But he warned. No airb comes where it looks to have any strike on any other airb country. Well, wow. The statement comes today after President George W. Mechini members of Congress to discuss a possible US action against the rack. The US accused of rack of drive above above. The claims are backed by British Prime Minister Tony Blair, who's to fly the US for talks with Bush and can't save it about a possible military strike. Musa said US threats risk in claiming a background of First Rights and anger over the ongoing. Israeli Palestinian conflict and actually against the rack with the general opposition of the world. I believe would lead to serious repercussions in this region and perhaps beyond he said. There he goes. Nick Bride gets backing on Reno turf. Lengthy article should I go with it? Well, you can hit the highlights. No. I don't want to hit the highlights. I want to do the whole thing. It's worth less than two. I. Bill Murray is from the hero. So must be really. And guess what? The print is like normal size. Unlike rich factors that's like condensed real way. Can you imagine how much money he saves on facts paper over here? He must be Dutch. I thought he was Jewish. He must be Mother's. Few Jews in Netherlands. My landlord ain't too happy about it. Bill Murray, bribe burst out of the final battleground of his campaign for governing yesterday achieving celebrity status in the South Florida home base of Democratic Party, rival Janet Reno. The one time small town high school football jock learned a little yiddish, ship Cuban coffee and little Havana, evaded talk of alien Gonzalez on Spanish radio and chanted across town with Haitian American leaders. Reno also in Miami campaigned among her course supporters of blacks and seniors and appeared unfazed by her rivals in Rhodes in her hometown, where she was elected state attorney five count him five times. The pride has got no intention of winning the majority of votes in the region on Tuesday. Nearly to overt a Reno blowout by convincing on the side of voters, they should consider him rather than the more famous US attorney general. They're talking about being a date in South Florida. Ultimately, McBride strategist hoped to win or Reno's percentage lead in South Florida just 60 to 40 percent and advantage small enough that a presumed McBride landslide in several North Florida would have known him the nominee. Miami date is the battleground. McBride, a Tampa lawyer told a crowd of supporters and his arrival at Opalaki airport. His best weapon in Miami is date county mayor Alex Pingu Piccania, a Cuban American Democrat who on Wednesday officially handed his political machine to McBride for the primary final six days. He's the best chance that we Democrats have to recapture the government's mansion said Pingu Piccania, who's on a short list of people in the rise considering for a running mate, shooting win the primer. All we can only pray, take him with you, plays Bill. Well, Pacquiao, I'm a DNOJ. Reno, meanwhile, defended her turf yesterday with appearances that they mostly black Miami Jackson High School, where the principal hailed her as a hero. And recent days, the former date state attorney has seen a 30 point lead over McBride dwindled away virtual tie, a men a large TV ad campaign for McBride. Have you seen any Reno spots? I saw a spot rip in him. I guess that was a Reno spot. Written in what? No, ripping him. Oh, you have seen one? Yes. No, that was a bush spot. Okay, then I haven't seen any Janet spots. I haven't seen any either. Of course, I'm not there. Reno's also watches her party established in C. Thomas right. I can't keep track with it. Reno's also watches her party establishments more aggressively to push her down. Would US representatives, co-correne proud of Jacksonville and Elsie Hastings of Florida, Dale Vacking McBride, and New endorsements coming yesterday from Fingerpickania, and US representative Bob Buxler of Volca Raton. Reno said she wasn't surprised by Penelis endorsed and loaded with her dispute over the alien custody case. The mayor's had some issues in the over the past. She said, I think that's fairly obvious. Reno, who drove to Miami on her final red truck tour across the state before the primary, maintains that McBride's endorsements below little to little. Will do little to little to dim enthusiasm for her campaign. This election's been about contact with the people themselves. That's what'll count you said. This election's going to be one with the voters. But as Reno, of course, blacks and seniors in an attempt to salvage her campaign, McBride's border moves on her turf since strong signals that she'll have to fight in south Florida for the landslide she needs to make up for her rival's popularity farther north. McBride, and wouldn't you think like Cuban Democrats, which there aren't, you know, there are some three. If they're not going to vote for her, they're not going to vote for Democratic. Anyway, I said, Cuban Democrats, I don't think they're already six. McBride, or Reno, will have left the rubber rival, states entered her derailed drones far behind in the polls. Jones campaigned the Dave Browden Palm Beach County yesterday visiting news paper at a two-year board appearing on a radio station, talking with two Democratic groups and they also said, who the hell are you? McBride's strategy to see is stop and stop for it is a critical juncture once been a slowly developing but carefully constructed approach to winning a Democratic primary. Rather than competing head-on and evoked rich predicts as stronghold of the party, McBride first built as credibility elsewhere, while the backing of organized labor and used TV ads to catch Reno in the polls. We could have spent hundreds of days and millions of dollars and sought how many resources in trying to compete for South Florida said, Robin Rourer, Paul McBride's campaign manager, but we've slowly built a foundation and we're reaping the rewards of that foundation. The rewards were huge yesterday for Manu's Rob Scherwine began his campaign. He didn't even register in the polls. 9 TV cameras at the Pingu Piccane Endorsment, 5 TV trucks preserved in the coffee at the little of Annelenmark for Cyrestron and the world treatment for a friendly Spanish radio talk show host. McBride's campaign also showed the kind of scene-or-reason friendly to him is because they hate Janet. Right. McBride's campaign also showed the kind of organization seen in the region lately only from Governor Bush, two private plans carrying the candidate in press corps and a care of an of SUVs shepherding the entrepreneurs through busy streets. We're actually who's heavily Jewish. This rich would be, you know, safest to ran in Florida for a plan that he's backing McBride for one reason. I want to beat Jeb Bush so badly he says. People know Janet Weiner well, respecter we said, but I want to tell my constituents that I now know Bill McBride very well and he can beat Jeb Bush. Nice going there Bob. Amen. We're actually got a laugh among the overwhelming. We Jewish cried when he welcomed McBride into the Mishpahah, he had his for family. Oh, why do you realize that this weekend is worth your shone? No, I didn't. I can't we got you. And we got you him, Kipper. Come on. Yeah, this is where I did. I believe is Russia. Sean, a happy Jew. A New Year. The most intriguing move with the day came from Pingu Pakenio, who's entry in the free offers, a less than silver reminder to one decided to put American Democrats of Reno's role in the alien affair. The mayor who addressed the crowd at Ophelocchi Airport in English and Spanish spent today with McBride, translating for him on Spanish language radio WQBA and escorting him to Versailles. Penalist in the orphan is a bit of a gamble from a bride who in the past weeks is pulled even with Reno and the polls along. The Democrats still remember the mayor for his absence during the 2000 presidential election, nearly lost by L. Gore. I did well outside of Miami, I remember his threats to the five federal authorities, if Reno ordered alien return was farther in Cuba. A new Harold Paul, likely primary voter shows that Penalist wins high marks from 54% of Democrats, but among non-white Hispanics McBride's base, Penalist is not so popular, winning approval from just 45%. The issue appeared to be a vex McBride, and as repeatedly whether Reno made the right call on the alien, he declined to answer and asked for ways to evade the question. Aaaaah, who? That kind of thing. As his standing rises in the polls, McBride's come under increasing criticism from Republicans who produced TV ads, questioning his record is managing partner Hollywood and Light Law firm, McBride countered with a new ad yesterday that extolors newspaper endorsements and asked, why is Jeff Bush trying to smear him? McBride told supporters they should judge him, not him, the GOP ads, but other factors. Judge me by my friends he said, and there you go. I think he's got a shot, what do you think? I think he's got a shot. Good, let's vote for Bill McBride 40 or 50 times, okay? Janice, he's a good guy, we like a rollot and she looks like that. He's a good guy. Yeah, what's wrong with that? Janice is a good guy. No, I got to do my brush, you're sure nothing, and I got to do some alien stuff. Ali, how much about that? Yeah, I got to play some alien stuff. I just got to talk about alien. Oh, I got to do an anniversary or something. When it's not an anniversary, we got an anniversary coming up in 60s, okay, I remind you what it is. 1226, how's the full come? We up to 300 votes yet, pretty, I don't know. Maybe they don't like this question today. It's my more of that gay banter, you know, they don't like that. Which of these women do most strongly feel is a beard for gay celebrities we asked today on our pull on neorodges.com? Now, if we got a link to that, what is it again? Newsiders.cjb. Who's inside it? Don't give it out, see, because then they won't look. We want to have a link, is he putting it on their today? Come on, Eric, get with it, okay? Stop with it, he's in the middle of an extended branch. It starts at about 9.45 an end of two. Then he works on his afternoon snack and then dinner in their house starts around 430 am here. Which of these women do you most strongly think is a beard for gay celebrities? Elizabeth Taylor 79 for what she makes me sick, you know? Yeah. All of the above 63, Lisa Marie Presley 39, Liz is running away. Namity above 24, and Aquina Hoya, 18, Brittany Spears got 17, Janet Jackson and Jelo with 11. Brooks yields with 10 and Nicole Kim and Zolenevyn on her for a lot. Twenty seconds? She's already got seven. A VIP sportsbook.com. I bet to that name sounds familiar in the stale old copy probably does too because Gary Sarnas full of crap. Hey Gary, hey, listen, why should you tell me the truth you were tight with Greg? Hey, listen anyway, the name should sound familiar because VIP sportsbook is the only sportsbook to be endorsed by all the industry watch dog groups since 1996. And by the way, that guy that looked like he went Amsterdam, he was a real ass old Gary. Because you know, times do his reason issues as you can look, but you won't find a better overall sportsbook then VIP sportsbook.com. Maybe you're looking for more than just a world class booked it offers 24 hour VIP service in the safety of a leader. How about this? How about the highest parlay odds in the universe up to 2001 minimum of best of only five bucks and free but draws 24 hours a day and a 15% cash bonus end of the year first deposit. Now, this isn't some jungle book located like in Miramar. It's Dutch based VIP sportsbook.com where you're treated with class and your money is safe. Sign up online and get a 15% cash bonus end of your account or call them toll free if you like if you prefer at 1-866 VIP bet. Easy to get started. All you have to do is just log on to VIP sportsbook.com and don't forget when you sign up online and you get that 15% cash bonus. Be a winner at VIP sportsbook.com or you are the VIP. My life and local this is 4305-620. They're back. Your favorite Jewish rock and roll the stars your band. It's Russia, Shana, with their famous digital them stock hop at the synagogue. My love and back and forth is this a 10-day party. I love my band. Yes, Russia, Shana and I as reformed to bring you 12 kosher cuts of hop and Hebrew ideas. Let's go! Isn't good for you. This album should be in every orthodox rockers collection. Rolling stone gives us five stars of David. It's our Wonderlander, but in the day who wrote the book of Jones. Stock hop is a synagogue, you from Russia, Shana and I. Available in all record stores, we'll put price when you get here. So, pass on to this album. 22 at 560WQ, I'm happy Thursday, Tua. Jim Edith's coming up on a clock. I'm desperately looking for that story from that website, which I'm going to use it tomorrow. You know what I'm talking about? No. Yeah, they're what about the Goddess a business man? Oh, that's not like that. Our here it is. God exists in God as a corporation. God's a capitalist by John Stanton and Wade Madsen from the news insider. I'm going to save that for tomorrow. I'll put it right on top of my pile. Okay. Good stuff. And at the meantime, you can read it news insider. What is it, CJB? See, Javi. Got that. And if you didn't get that, just go to our website and do the run on it. Judge rules in favor of Toppas Beauty. North Carolina judge said yesterday that Rebecca Rebels should be a lot of keeper. Tatlis, Ms. North Carolina, Ms. Rebels 24 resigned in July after Mr. America officials received an email from my ex-boyfriend, Tosh Welch, saying that we're compromising photos over. The judge says Toppas photos of Rebels that they exist are not a violation of our contract with pageant officials. Last week, the judge issued a temporary restraining order over returning the crown to Rebels is action today yesterday, meaning turn that temporary order in a preliminary injunction. It's not clear if yesterday's ruling means that Rebels will be a lot of competed North Carolina's representative and even as America pageant. The judge is ruling a factor of claim against the North Carolina pageant. She is a separate lawsuit against the Miss America pageant, which is scheduled for hearing today. Let's hear it from Mr. North Carolina, okay? Let's hear it. Toppas, who'd hell cares for crying out loud? They do, because it's a good family kind of a... Yeah, likely story, like the people. Like all the guys that are watching that, sitting about two inches from the screen. In addition, which, why would they be watching that anyway? He's been watching that crap. Dikes? No. The same women used to watch that awful show with Vesmeraman, whatever was it used to give? Was it a name? Was Randy Meron and Vesmerson, I'm sorry. What's that was the name of that show? What do you see of the way the Mint Coats as before you were born? Hey, what does it the same? Same women? Shuttings? Sight throughout Los spam accused of spamming. Remember I mentioned this earlier, I made reference, I made reference. Group asked the FTC to take action against unsolio. I was seriously. I was downloaded something this morning, I remember which story it was. And it just sat there and sat there and sat there. And I've had that happen before, and when that happens, it's usually that their spam coming. You know, right? There were a dozen, not one, not four, not six. There were a dozen pop-up ads that I had to get rid of. Do you know how annoying that is? Yeah, I know. A dozen. Now, how was it that they all come blasting at, are they coming from the same place? Not necessarily. But how is it that they come and seem to come in at the same time? Chuck comes. Chuck? He's a computer guy. They're all coming at the same time because it's something you do in your computer. It's when you click on a certain thing, it's all built into your computer. It's all built into some software that you installed that you don't even know about. That's what the whole shabang's about. Really? And you can't get rid of them? Yeah, you can. They stuff to get rid of. I installed it on a... Georgia's computer. Well, what's that? Let's go, man. Let's go. One of the good ones is ad aware, ADAW-A-R-E. Right? You installed it in your computer and it goes in there, it scans your whole computer, and it gets rid of all that crap. Excellent. Thank you. No, thanks. That's a lot of way after all, George. No. If it works, if it doesn't work, I mean, he's men. Well, seriously, it's annoying. Anyway, a new initiative by consumer groups to bring federal action against companies that's an unsolicited email, no one has spam was undercut yesterday when the groups themselves were accused of spamming. Honey, I like that. They're like the fox guy in the chicken coop and taking a little bite every now and then. The website, vantuspan.com. Oh, band the spam. It's all run, run to get it like that. I have an approval read and words when they don't run together, when they're like separate. Van the Span.com encourages internet users to share their spam horror stories and add their names to a petition to be sent to federal regulators. Even if an internet user chose not to receive email updates from the telecommunications research and action center, one of the efforts sponsors the website replied with a message, you are currently signed up for news and information. When notified by the AP other consumer groups that support anti spam causes decline to come in, but Adam Theor of Libertarian Keto Institute, which supports the rights of marketers to send unsolicited email, called the incident outrageous. They're being highly hypocritical here in attempting to encourage increased federal regulation of something and then turning around and doing it themselves, theorists said some people are supposedly holier than now, but are sinners themselves. Well, I don't agree with this position, but on that issue is right. After being notified by a reporter, track change the search to reply with a message, you will not get email from us unless you requested it when you submitted your story about spam. Track chairman Sam Simon apologize for the mistake and blamed that one of the groups web designers, he said people that did not choose to receive email updates wouldn't get them. The guy that put it up didn't understand it, we well Simon said. Track and other groups consumer acts in national consumers league, want federal trade commission to sue marketers that send spam without authentic return addresses, or send emails to someone who is opted out of receiving the messages. In the statement the FTC said it's concerned about the proliferation of spam, and plans to review the petition, the FTC has an email address, you see, at fTC.gov, where internet users can forward offensive junk email. That address gets about 10,000 such emails a day, the FTC be sane and marginable, the FTC shut down several internet marketing operations that use deceptive spam, in one case commissioner lawyer said the emails and ties victims of the paying 11 million dollars in hidden, hidden, hidden, and delivore and charges. Hey, I think we got a business on the side. Huh? Sounds good to me. By the time they have time to catch up with us, I'll be long going anyway. I'll be out of there. Of course, I'm already out of there. Like guilty. I'm already out of there. 21, 21, 21, 22, whatever it is to one we got the mad dog demanded to one hank, going to be on a three and then don't forget big. It's that football season again, baby college football, then the all dolphins on Sunday. Be no cook with hank and I cannot understand why them just a butcher an hour between five and six. He's got to be the worst. Oh my god. Then Marlon's on deck 6. 35 Marlon's in a mess 7. 10 first pitch. Any K after the baseball and my close personal friend Joe Costello and the very nice guy Mark Eisenberg. I don't belong on here. Those guys will be on with a dirty voice. Two to six. Are they are the dirt? Mother not really. Isn't Anthony the dirty boy? They don't get any dirty or in flight. He's pretty dirty. Really? Oh yeah. And what about my close personal friend Moses? Oh, that's right. We shouldn't mention his name a conjecture with that show. Should we? Oh, because daddy will get upset. I don't want to get his daddy upset. I'll tell you that right now. You'll stick with Sanchez on me. Hey, if you love your home, but you need more space. Here's the answer for what to what to be doing. Do 100 to other people be doing. Costrictly additions. Whether you're having a baby, need another room. If you're converting a car porter, patio into living space. If you just went into business for yourself, like maybe with the one of those phone deals. And you need the home office. Costrictly additions. There you're one stop shop, more space for your place place with an absolutely worry free approach to expanding your living space. Those no shows by the other contractors. When you do Venice with strict additions, and ain't going to happen. No one expected bills. No worries about the job not getting done right. And they take care of every single thing. They drop the blue prince. They get the building permits and handle all the inspections too. Strictly additions has got an easy five step approach to total customer satisfaction. Number one, called a schedule a free project evaluation to pull me at your home or a project estimator will determine the scope of your addition. Two, schedule a bit of a moment in their convenience. You're going to get a detailed proposal and an exact price for your work. Let me say it again. Exactly. Three selective finishing touches. Go to contract for review the design architectural drawings. And then five, use it back on your ass and relax as your dream edition moves ahead on schedule and with unbeatable quality. It's a piece of cake. Your strip additions are called a nine five four seven nine one eighty one hundred. That's nine five four seven nine one eighty one hundred. They're licensed. They're insured professionals who are really care about doing great work for you. Look for their at in the yellow pages called nine five four seven nine one eighty one hundred. Make sure and tell them at P. Lennie told you to call strictly addition. Five and a local. This is five six. The rest is on your own. You wait in. Translando El Pojo para acá. All right. So that will be this in Miami as part. They changed the name to alien parts of the location itself. And to a fine line. That's where the fuck's on. It just itself on Leverway. I'm gonna see the human chain in giant water right. Where you grab a true gorilla wrap. That's in your blood and up. To a micro-dede down. That's up to the human's little town. Underwater and drown in the background. You look so rough and slow. It's the biggest part you've ever seen. That's it. We'll make you roll the toilet clean. They'll find a lot of wrap. Like a big shock media star. And then a barge here at car. It's all about how important you feel with the rest. That's a country that's a job they can't afford. It's all about how important you feel with the rest. Go down the alien party. There's an alien here from the rope coach band. And rockin' music by Love and Ben. I'll let you grab Ben. Eighte to their death and an innocent raggedy blood. I think the rod is when they drop late planes. That human's ain't my army blood. That's morning, boy. That's up. And now Colley Leonard. And the limit for the only one part. The only thing I can do is to find part. Okay, here's the part where you've got a life to a hot sea, and you'll know that. You're rid of it. No. I don't know why he does that. I don't want to talk over it. I don't want to be interrupted. Yeah, but 1246 at 5.60 WQIM. This is not in the local papers. What is your name? Dana Kennedy, CA-NED1. I've never heard her before, but anyway, she writes in today's New York Times, Miami facing new challenge on gay rights. More than two decades after the campaign by the entertainer and need to bribe into over turn, one of the countries, first gay rights ordinances divided Miami and cast the cities a symbol of intolerance, voters will face the issue again on Tuesday. Conservative Christian groups have placed a measure on a ballot to repeal a date county ordinance approved four years ago, protecting gays from discrimination. But this time, the move for repeal is the met with outrage by many residents and city leaders who are not just opposed to it, but are actively campaigning against it. The battle over the initiative is hardly charged and being closely watched by gay rights activists in civil civil rights organizations nationally, but the outcome may be more measure of just how much Miami has evolved in acceptance of diverse lifestyles since the first measure was repealed. In a city often divided by race and ethnicity, a poll released yesterday by the Harold and local NBC tell a bit, I love that. And the local NBC tell a bit, see, they may not say NBC too, because New York Times, they're not going to give them any publicity, might I ask you, they suck. Found strong opposition to repeal measure and all racial lifting groups. They might not suck so bad if they didn't have old-footed bodies like ICE demons working there. We're trying to build an image of international metropolis, a bridge among cultures, but we would be saying, by the way, it's okay to discriminate based on sexual orientation, said Mayor Alex Pingu Piccini of Dave County, that would just be wrong. We'd be turning the clock back several years that's clocked with an L. Mayor Pingu Piccini has become so involved in the issue that he recorded a phone message that's being played to residents in which he urges them to vote against the repeal, just say, to repeal. Hundreds of other prominent Miami business of community and religious leaders, including the singer, Gloria S. Steffon, I always liked her, didn't we? She sent us all those things every year. Latin television personality Christina Sarlas, what is it, Sarlas Gui? And they are Sarlas Gui. Is that how come you don't know this, Mr. Speck? I thought we've been through this. The Latin TV personality Christina, and the mayor is more than 30 county municipalities, also support the notice discrimination saved Dave campaign opposing the repeal. Civic and committee leaders say repeal would not want to threaten the livelihood of local human and lesbians, but also the county's all important tourism and history of Miami's image as an international city that embraces diversity. Proponents of repeal led by a group called Take Back Miami, dating supported by the Christian Coalition of Dave County, other conservative religious groups, a bunch of Barbista and Gui, and says the ordinance extends on this is our protection to people with the Indian lifestyles, since getting the measure on a valid supporters become less vocal in face of widespread criticism. But Nathaniel Wilcox, co-chairman of Take Back, Dave, which was formed to support the repeal set of gaze. They're using a tactic of deception in order to get into government to force their lifestyle on people as a Christian child. I can't stand up and justify backing a behavior that destroys families. The ordinance was passed in December and and I did when Dave County Commission is voted to send a six to amend the county's anti-discrimination ordinance to prohibit unequal treatment of gays in housing and plummet, credit and finance and public accommodation. The night, the ordinance is simmering the one that had been overturned. At the time, there were two catalysts for the change here. One was the case of Matthew Sheppard, a day college student in Miami who died October 98 after was kidnapped, beaten and tied to a fence for 18 hours. The other factor was that date political and civil and civil leaders rallied behind the measure arguing that intolerance was bad for an economy that defended on tourism and a county with a sizable gay population. Today more than ever, beaches, trendy, south beach, sections heavily populated would gay residents to trust many gay tourist each year. Organizes of the repeal initiative and determined a challenge ordinance to was passed. Take Back, Miami date failed to obtain a signature zone of petition to get these to one about 1999. The group reorganized and gained the signatures needed. Some of them even were for real to get the measure before the voters next Tuesday. The group reorganized the national team. The group reorganized the national team. The group reorganized the national team. The group reorganized the national team. The group reorganized the national team. The group reorganized the national team. The group reorganized the national team. The group reorganized the national team. The group reorganized the national team. The group reorganized the national team. The group reorganized the national team. The group reorganized the national team. The group reorganized the national team. The group reorganized the national team. The group reorganized the national team. The group reorganized the national team. The group reorganized the national team. The group reorganized the national team. They were able toี้ and the group they picked to manage. Because we were able to manage. Because they were able to re-con Around FJ 25. Water 못 телering, waterivercheerful jimperージ higan our of the Doctor, Reverend Martin Luther King, and a picture of two men kissing. It said Martin Luther King did not march or die for this, and urge worshipers to vote and favor the appeal immediately after the fly began circulating. The King's Center in Atlanta issued a statement on behalf of Dr. King's widow, Corretta Scott King, calling for equal treatment for gay men and lesbians. Take back Miami-Date is also a planned and broadcast ad, and to its supporters that gaze our after-art children and echo of Miss Brian's grotesque artery campaign, which was called Save Our Children. Opponents of the group say take back Miami-Date is using sensational scare tactics to create support for another wise intensible issue. And on it goes. Good old Anita Brian, and Alvin Darts, and Bob Break, and all those other brothers in a groin. How's it going to be doing these days? Anybody seen it? No. Get the, she can't get two oranges to rub together these days. 1251 at 560WQM, if you're here, if you can't get two hairs to rub together, because you've got that big grotesque bald spot. Well guys, happens to the worst of us, and the best of us having to almost all guys, because God works in mysterious ways. So if you're here's gone down the drain, if it's just vanished, if it's blown away, here's the answer for you, a child's off-earies, natural hairline system. There isn't any kind of system in the world in kind of peace. That'll be a more natural, better look and system. In fact, it looks so great. Nobody will know what's not to be all thing, because unlike all those other mousey-looking pieces, you know who wears a bad piece? Did I see an antidewood that embarrassing guy? What's his name, Aaron Brown? Okay. You know Juan Parnava? No. He's got the nastiest red piece besides Bob Eisenberg that's ever been in take a look next. Okay. Come across. Next time you come across it for 10 seconds before you move next channel. Anyway, the near-ride special for the summertime is still going on a Charles Alfieri. Just mention my name when you call it to get 300 bucks out of your price. So for a pitons, you can get a look better when you're under than you have in years, which Charles Alfieri's natural hairline system. If you want a full ahead of here, if you want to get laid like once or twice a year, here's the answer for it. Charles Alfieri's natural hairline system. Pick up that phone and call right now 1-800-3212413. And then I should have bringing in and show you just how much better you can look. If you're going to get 300-3212413 or log onto their website, they're on their two lucky everybody else. Charles Alfieri.com. Oh, I'm so big. No, American I-O, I'm Bob. If you're clank-worth, you're up next. When I wake up in the morning, my hair looks bad. I look in the mirror and I look like my dad. I will have my mom and with the best I ever had, word, bitch. Randy. Oh, I didn't. Paula. You know, I feel like throughout the whole competition, I never really knew you knew who you were and now I do and crater. Crater? Crater? She clank where you were awful. Oh, no, you did. You were absolutely terrible. I feel like I want to actually physically hurt you. I want to wrap my hands around your neck and whatever it is you've done with your hair, which is just terrible. I want to squeeze your head until it comes off and rolls away at a bite of bone ball. That's what I feel like I want to do to you, Chiquonko. Now, the viewers made this degree, but I doubt it. That was an awful performance, Chiquonko. Next. And an awful good, too, you know? Yeah. How could I play that again? I don't know. Well, I thought it was timely. The thing was online, the broad one and the guy would eat. He was here. He got set away with a big smile on his post. I guess anybody who was on that show, you know, make out okay, right? I guess. First of all, with her marginal talent, I didn't see it. So I shouldn't say their marginal talent. Maybe some of those people are tremendously talented. I don't know. Americans haven't been routinely vaccinated for smallpox in 1972, but the federal government is debating whether a program should be restarted. Roll up your sleeve. The White House is reviewing my recommendations. Hopefully we'll have a decision in the near future, said, HHA Secretary, Tommy Cheesehead, Thompson. The WHO to clear its smallpox eradicated worldwide in 1979, but experts said they're concerned the existing virus from lands could fall into the hands of terrorists. I would say that the risk of smallpox attack is very real. Said US Senator Bill Frisper, Republican Tennessee, was also a physician. I would say the risk is increasing compared to five or 10 years ago and I'd say as a nation, we do remain highly vulnerable of smallpox is ever used as an instrument of war. Most Americans under 30 haven't been vaccinated. It's quite the amount of how long the vaccine protects those who have been. I got my vaccine. My arm is still shows me to, of course, that was 100 years ago. For example, lunch study found that 621 microbiologists in Maryland who received smallpox vaccinations between 1994 and 2000 was a precautionary measure. 6% remained immune from their previous vaccinations. Only 6 from their, well, they of course we know how old they are. But if they were microbiologist, they could have been like in their 40s and 50s. 6% that's not to be that's one out of 16. But who should be vaccinated with without a specific threat? Those should be exposed first when infected patients such as emergency workers or should all Americans be allowed to decide if they want to be vaccinated. This story acts. Every American should have the opportunity to make an informed individual choice to evaluate those risks. Plus those benefits to receive that smallpox vaccine for a said. But weighing the risk and benefits is complicated. There are a lot of people who should not be vaccinated with a smallpox vaccine to doctor Robert Belchey of the San Luis University School of Medicine who's worked on several smallpox vaccine trials. The logistics who conducting a large scale vaccination program or for talking on the order of millions would be enormously complex and difficult to conceive how we could successfully do it and. And the vaccine is riskier than most in concocts, serious side effects and even death and some people. The people like greatest risk are. Well, wait till you're this people have Xima. Okay. And I want with that. I thought Xima's like a skin thing. That's what I thought. Don't know. Huh. People who use noxema. No people have Xima. Noxema. People who have immune deficiency disorders, which of course is like me because I've diabetes. Most people don't realize that diabetes is immune deficiency disorder. Do you know that? I knew that. And I bet you've lied to those that to they have lied and those that because he's got type one. Um, people receiving cancer treatment shouldn't be taken it. People getting an organ transplant. People have severe complications from HIV shouldn't be getting it. People also are getting smallpox from someone who's recently been back to. I can you believe that people are also at risk getting smallpox from someone who's recently been vaccinated. Even vaccinated recently. No, recently. Well, good. Because otherwise, I'm not coming back. How about a full remis? How about that blooper? What do you think? Or that. In fact, maybe that's why the blooper is dropping so many deposits on our core remis is shoulder. I don't know. Maybe you don't like that bit as much as either. It just sends me an orbit. And of course, if you're not an old fart like me, if you don't know from like song of the South, you don't even know what that's all about. Otherwise, you like the Mickey Mouse voice. Venus. Anyway, the pool today. Are we almost at a time? We got time. Pulled a day on the, uh, diek. I mean, on the beard. I'm all confused. Dikes bearded. It's 304. 304 votes, which of these women do think most strongly is a beard for gaseol liberties. With 10 or 87, all of you above 69. Uh-oh, at least a more repressedly 42, none of the above 26 and a corner hole you 19, little Britney 17, J. L. 12, Janet Jackson 11, Brooke Shields 11, Nicole Kidman 10. Hey, Mad Dog, get your Johnson straight by the way and speak in of, uh, little Britney.