Some of the front-handed goals turns from a season for the Panthers and they leave pretty no one game it well as the next two y'all can in only y'all can in both I promote side to blow I four one-quarter two ball game for all I do you pretty he's got guilty within lying see that don't mention that just because what is name what do we do we are fine you're out squeaky we're fine look at cheese that won't stay on here's the land shake my firm and turn guys on but there's a place rather guys can hide it I can make guys grow grab your hide there's a side I can make guys grow with my body and booty but we're fair but we're close cause of such a cute it's one of those things I work for it's such a better yeah can't make you can't put it that's where they're you one of the things I work for but be inside your bag yeah be inside your bag trying to see the big one are the MTV Latin Awards sure how was that Cody? was that guilty? was that Zach? was that Zach? see well I think about three weeks ago Ashley mentioned my name when he was filling in and that guy that called Geldy this morning was right most taking a lot of time off or got it just started and you know me this one thing I can't stay this guy as you take too much time off hey did can't stand it but especially guy who's like new to the even though he's an old fart an old ancient codger although I do hear that when you get to be better with you you know a lot of time off lot along weekends things like that but anyway so the last two hours he's filled in you know there's no mention no no good nothing like that scared crapless man he's got them also intimidated in there even Zach Zach's going into a feeding frenzy now he's so he's eating with both hands seriously he's just shoveling it down is this place fat or what? not seriously she's here a one five MTV Latin Music video Awards last night I didn't even know what was on was it last night or at the night be better? last night Colombian superstar Shakira let all nominees with five awards in Chile and Rock Band La Lé one two prizes there's tonight at the first MTV video music awards Latin America you weren't watching it it's wrong with you no spick we got two of them there again say I'm about number no matter what whether it's Carlos and the Georgia Miguel we got nothing but spicks around here and then we got airy shoes we have no Jews in this building don't start don't you don't start with that crap again mister let's do a tally pali the award show aired live in Spanish and MTV Latin America and with English subtitles and MTV too out of the best music videos in Latin music of the Jackie Gleason Theater Jackie's rolling over his grave by the way that they're not spickening with him his theater Shakira won artists of the year video of the European-alarmist year pop artist year and best artist north north day and I would actually play the whole song if I had it here but I don't it's in Toronto so I guess I'll have to leave and drop and get it see ya La Le one two awards including group or duo of the Enrock artist of the year other winners included Colombian singer songwriter Juanis who took home a male artist of the year know who he is Juanis? I don't either Argentinian pop singer Diego Torres who won best artist southeast and Manu Chao Manu Chao who won alternative artist of the year two English language winners all thank God for that couple of tokens they threw in there included pink who won for international pop artists of the year and retouchily peckers who won for international rock artist of the year Rolling Stones open the event other performers included Carlos Santana oh Carlos Santana who joined with English language sensation Michelle Branch Manu and Shakira and it goes on all look at this nominees for video of the year where in Rican Iglesias Quira Ahiro Juanis a dios le pito Paulina Rubio all by the way so here's the poll Eric here's the start of my poll we'll get some other nominees I'm sure that we've done this before but this is one they like and speaking of Paul's man this George Paul there are few things in the world they could this audience has riled up positively negatively and then between his George I mean every time we take a poll that even mentions him in passing we get 80 trillion votes they're like feeding each other over the head to get to the god damn computer I mean what I'm at little spec come on out of my way I'm really wounded you not that guilty didn't promote the show it's time to get it on I mean even he's promoting it little twerp I'm glad you didn't get jugs of job you little backstabber and he was in here with that picture you know suck it around you're not fooling us guilty okay I sure wish I would have given them a different recommendation I sure wish I would have said well he should have got to look at that sack just brought some food in not on his shirt yeah on his shirt on his rectum he's a two-end man no seriously we got a tremendous response and I pull but anyway here's what we're going to be doing today who is the hottest of them all are you to this uh quite a while ago I don't know if we use that uh well that's what I mean well it's because you didn't do the kind of poll I'm doing I says I have to throw some gay banter in ah well I have to give everybody some way to vote for I'm not gonna vote for any of these broads who's the hottest of them all and we're not excluding anybody you know we always say well except for Brittany well let's put Brittany on there and see if she can cut the mustard especially now that she's got the hotstour George Peabosh oh man so that's to make me lose my respect for that bitch that's slut yeah I got that story here got a sword tablet crap today also we have some more of the uh stuff from what is it real radio oh actually we're gonna make that kind of a regular Friday feature to explain it all until people are peooking or guts out I like that last week did the audience like it well we don't really care to be honest with it take it or leave it no they liked it we had a good response and that well it's wrong with it just because it's for us all hearts who's the hottest of them all Brittany Shakira Christina Agalera uh Jalo pink and Riquey oh he's a lot prettier than most of those Tom Welling Tom Brady see there's the three uh bags for the women ice oh your mother for your mother Madonna and Paulina Roe why why are you putting Madonna on there why are you tainting because of that great flick that she just made well there's ten people went and paid to see it right in order to hold that too and bought her to the woman I wrote that story she is foaming at the mouth that Madonna tainted on her own re-maked it to be tainted her goods right oh never been in the movie that didn't bomb well anyway that's my list so far I'm sure leaving many outs so we'll take some suggestions and then when we get around to it then when we find a get around it we'll say hey Erica put down the sandwiches and a get to it you know that food yesterday was really great from prisoners but that business of you you know forcing those cookies I mean I was bad I'm sorry that's especially uh double the double death chocolate one that had the chunks of chocolate you told me you send the white chocolate and then they bought me a cookie that you right back in here after I said take these out of here now do it in the garbage and I pulled it out of there at force to eat it that was a disgrace it's time to get it off get out of here you silly old koot mr. bluster god as he make me uh he not here today and you know something it said but we miss him and I'm just making that up we really miss you mo it was like a part of our morning was yaked away yeah part of your morning sitting in there inductoring up all of stupid the comment oh jort yeah so yesterday's pull result while i'll do the break first because the pull result we have to like really examine and analyze and look at it upside down inside out don't just think we need to analyze the sniper for about uh 10 seconds I am it wasn't bad enough that we had all those non-stop all sniper all day stuff didn't I tell you but now they got to analyze and and you know who really should just go back home count as money count as blessings that he's still alive filled on a few I'm gonna tell you last night they had the John Williams Muhammad brother yeah made the round he was on several things at the same time so it was like somewhere on tape or else he's got his foot personality he was not with kani chink and he was not with donning with the same time right and he had nothing to say nothing and donny who's the great question because they had little tidbits they picked up and the most person in the money exactly I'm glad you got it that's exactly buddy wasn't true the thing for that uh his steps on crackers and honey yeah yeah I don't know what it's like oh it's an I don't know about that uh hole but I saw the meat steak boy that was just really special 10 minutes after nine at five 60 at that you may be honey might be good for but it's got a lot of calories it's got a lot of sugar to make your blood sugar go skyrocketing so instead of honey put the olio made in your post that's right olio made Mediterranean formulas are advanced combinations of stupendus pharmaceutical rate all of welcome buying with good stuff vitamins minerals and rebels other nutrients scientifically designed to provide natural nutrition solutions to help you support specific health needs look for olio meds three new formulas they have one to help you sleep one for weight management and then co-q 10 for your heart all using the benefits of the purest to find a stupendus the goody tooshiest best olive oil only meds an outstanding product it's available at public seconds and well greens if you like more info but what this does and where you're sticking call olio med toll free at 1 866 olio med that's 1 8666536633 get the honey chew yeah and you can also there's my check there we go Clarences here my main man which holds our hands up for Carlos got my check you'll get paid mister okay any but thank you sir and my get looks like that don't get any way can also order olio med off their website at olioamerica.com if you visit your nearest public and bi-anolium at product and data brown you can get you a coupon for a free all this makes my whole life larry co-care bubble head dog i'll supplies last don't forget to visit their sampling pavilion that's forstun ever started to when the dolphins are playing at home members of the dolphins who used to be pretty good pick up free olio med samples and start pop it in your post right away you be feeling about Hey I'm gonna give Ricky a whole. Okay. Thanks for the track's clearance. Keep him coming, baby. He is the best. You can't let my personality be. You can't let you make it. Unless the things in my head. And a sound song. I thought if you wanna take me. You're a slow. There's things about me. Everything can't know. No. I'm on your edge. I said I'm cheating. You should face yet I'm late. Cause you could go and chill in the sea when they eat. You get the free. You went to the present page. She was 25 but she's just a team. Perfecting. I've been my left, I'm free. Daddy called the Cosmise. My best, I'm perfecting. They cover half the children. They run on my scum. It's strange, my me. My book just hangs right now. Reckham. Of my show. She's underrated. She's your face. It's totally fine. You should be scared of her. Yeah, they're never holding stones. Grandfather, the dynamite. What a sign. She's looking fine. I'm a she. Let's talk to you five but she's just a team. I'm 17 at five 60. She's going to be getting eight million votes on this poll today. I guarantee that. Look at this. With a sniper TPP for TV Pro followers, Mr. Mark. Somebody's vaccinated the first 400 pages of this. All the experts on there. All the tech are talking heads day after day. Three weeks of this crap. Bup. Bup. Did any of them have a right? No. Could anybody have predicted even the crackers in the honey thing. Couldn't have predicted that either. Well, did he put his kids on a strange diet? That boy filled time to hang it up sweetheart. Bye bye. Oh, I look we even took a little beating on your polio today. I'm getting pout. Yeah, he is. Even on polls that aren't. Aren't even. This is early about him. Anyway, who's. Oh, look at. He puts the. Don't change the polio. It's weird heart. He puts on top. Who's the hottest? He changed the question. We still got that good as the result on here. Give me a little chance here. Boy, he he must be anxious to get to the south of the way. So we can get into a real feeding friends. You know what? Into a couple of branches. No, well, my what that was the question. Who's the hot? No, the question was how come George is rating sucks so bad this summer? That was the question. How come he embarrassed me and everybody else connected with the show? Even Carlos didn't want to come in here anymore. Till he gets paid. Well, let's you know what to come back Carlos. No time soon. Anyway, 1140 votes on air. You believe that overnight pool 1140 votes. Just unbelievable. Staggerate. It's just stick my name on there for good. People were like like I said having brawls at the god name computers. That should be a daily option. George sucks. How come George sucks so by and every time we have a pool on the show that has anything to do even peripherally with George. This is one thing I'll say they don't. They're either love you or they hate you. There's a little in between. And from this. He's a pool. Haha. See, because 18. Well, let's get to it. His shows are boring. 237. 20.7%. His show blows. All I can add to that was the battle was between. 2111. His show blows. I loved George. 210. So those two categories were like back. Well, 210 is 18.4%. Which is a lot better than voted with his. Measley for 1.5% on Wednesday. But I will say this. If that's 18.5% love George, that means it's another 81.6%. That don't love George. Don't we got Mo as a brutal lead in 153. I'm getting pal. Yeah. 153 said Mo as a brutal lead. And that's a good scapegoat for your crappy numbers. And I think there's something to be said for that. When you got that awful hour at eight o'clock, for his eight o'clock hour, I wouldn't wish it on Hitler. It was just it was nasty. It was weak. It was bad, Mo. Even though you ate here today, I'm getting pal. Yeah. It was horrendous. Uh, he's an anti-Semitic little spik. 76. Too much as talk 60. He can't compete with Howard sperm 53. That's not really that important right now because Howard's Bermes on anyway. So why even mention that? He can't compete with Howard or Rush 50. It was Miguel's fault. 48 Miguel did pretty well considering he just set over there and mumbled a little bit. 48 from a girl. He can't compete with Rush 22 and he mumbles 20. Was in last. And I was I see I'm not feel bad because that was what I voted. You mumbled. So there's the result out of 1140 votes yesterday. Tremendous a just gigantic total. Our poll today. Who's the hottest of them all? I'm sure we'll get plenty of recommendations. You can call them and we'll take some calls again today. Like yesterday since we had such a great time on a phone. Didn't we? Hey, don't make any difference to me. If that's what they want. If that'll make a little time, jica happy. You know, I want to be in touch. I don't want to be. I want to be carping about what's happening in the community. And I'll tell you one thing. Take it a few of them calls. We'll get more of that real radio and then read these promos. And we'll be out of here. We got so glad to make a promo. So it's going to take me half hour just to go through all these. Join my card. Lemonade and Joe Costello this afternoon. That's Joe Costello that you have some audience there overnight. That had those awful. You know, I'd say that's a one thing. You ought to feel a little bit better about the fact that you sure you sure just buried him. His numbers were invisible. Yeah, but that's overnight. That you that's it, but you don't understand. If you got anybody listening overnight, you got double digits. See, when you're overnight and you're the only local show in the market overnight, you should have 15 shares. At least at least a 10. But what do you what do you want? Well, I guess that makes sense. No, because it's a percentage of how many people are listening. If there's only a thousand people listening and you had 200, you'd have a 20 share. To percent, it's a percentage of how many people are listening. And out what time of the day it is. So, I mean, if you got the only game in town, you should have a humongous number, Joe, did he have a big number? No, no, he's got a tiny one. The previous book, they had a huge number. And he was picking on poor Olando Marais, said he had a tiny one. Well, let's see, what do they get? Let me look at these again. Just so I didn't make a mistake. Like we did that first time, you know, on the bonus thing, and boy, George screwed me out of a bonus. I'm so sorry. I guess I better work these summers, you know? Not. 1 to 5 AM, person's men 25 to 54. 700 people average person listening. That represents a 3.8 share. In men. See, he's got the same problem that you got. You think that all these, all the people are first of all, the people up overnight, young living and breathing people, most of them are up between one and five and a morning. You're sleeping. Okay? Anybody with a life, especially during the week. If the people are up are the insomniac, the art bell crowd. They don't want to hear some punk on here. Some over-sex, hyped up punk, talking about who's got the best ass. Who's got the biggest ass? Who's eating the most ass? Ass ass ass ass. That's their show. It's an ass show. God, damn it. Just ask me. I'll tell you. It's a freaking ass show. I try to tell nobody listens to me. See, that's one thing. Don't blame me for anybody else's failures because the beast, what did I tell the beast? Two soft amoric. What did I tell him? Stop it. It's 7 o'clock. I am the beast. I know what that end, of course. That's very unprofessional. He got booted right out that show. I'm professional. He got booted right out that show because one thing mobile won't stand for is unprofessional. I'm getting palleted well. Anyway, so many team plus what did they do overnight? Wond to 5 a.m. In fact, you know something like, I'm saying 1 to 5 a.m. They're on like two to six. Correct. And you look at their 5 to 6 hour, and that really... Close. Oh yeah. I wonder what I'm doing so bad. He's got no lead in. And there's nothing worse than a bad lead. I'm just asking us, oh. Look at that. 5 to 6 a.m. adults. They got a 1.8 year. 5 to 6 a.m. Many team plus a 2.9 year. And I just... It's, you know, I don't even want to go through all the numbers. They're just too embarrassing. I don't want to embarrass a good friend, Joe Costella. So like I said, join Mark Heart Lemonade and Joe Costella. The 7 and 3 to 5 of the publics on US 1 and Southwest 204 Street Miami. Stop by and say that Joe, how come you're rating sucks so bad? Will you stop talking about ass? Will you stop with that stuff a more sex talk? Nobody gets away. People are awake at that hour if they're on it. If they're all at the sex stuff, they're doing it. They don't want to hear somebody talking about it. They're doing it. What about always said, people who talk about sex the most out of ones when getting any. Just ask clearance. Stop by to win prizes register when tickets to the big race in November. What big race in November? What does that mean? The big race in November. I'm sure if it's something that interests you. You would know. It doesn't. Like some auto race. All the big breeders cup is this weekend. That's why hanks up there at Arlington in Chicago. Join George tomorrow 11 a.m. even analyze the races. Don't mark your program for you. 11 a.m. of our Bill Siddles Boulevard of Savings, Northwest 36. We just went to 27th of Avenue Miami. Stop by to win prizes enjoy free food or malanic city subs. Where I remember the difference and we liked them a lot but an eight no Quizz knows. Believe me. It's more like Quizz links. And then of course tomorrow. Let's see. Van hit the per- oh please read the card. They're promo separately. Like I said tomorrow's over. I'm going to read the card. Please read the card. They're promo separately. Do you know what? You know he used to look pretty good once upon a time. To least they're getting really old and moldy. And like 48 people. Look at that 48 said it was his fault. You're so suck this summer. Director Madonna film should be swept away as what she said. She said it. That's what he said. As if the critics response to Madonna and car which he's movie swept away. We're bad enough. It's already the front right next year's golden raspberry. It's not a good idea. As if the critics response to Madonna and car which he's movie swept away weren't bad enough. It's already the front right next year's golden raspberry words. For the worst movie of the year. It's I'd indirect your leaner wordmuller who made the original swept away. 1974 tells the Washington Post she now regrets a decision to permit the couple to remake her cult classic. Is that like cop classic? There's more than just eagle and reputation at stake. Here says wordmuller 74. She has plans to make the sequel to a version of plans that may be scuttled because of the ruinous box office performance of this new version which failed to clear $400,000 in the first weekend. Generally movies that you know that just come out there, mission and how many millions they grossed at the box office. This was so gross that it failed to clear $400,000. Not millions. I'm very very worried because that's a problem for me. Workmer let's tell the post. I've written a very funny story for the sequel. I'm very worried that maybe this is a disaster for me. I don't understand why the picture is so awful. She continues. She continues. Why did Madonna and her husband let it out? It's very crazy. Meanwhile the horrendous review is don't seem to be affecting Madonna's judgment. She started writing a film based on her life that she hopes to direct. The film will be a comedy about a very famous woman in the insanity of her life. She lives in Hollywood and is well-known but she's not well respected but I'll told the son UK. It's based on a lot of characters and people I know I think it's hysterically funny. Oh yeah. Talk about a legend in her own mind. No movies Madonna. That would be a great poll question. Who's the bigger egotist no talent Madonna or Moe? I'm getting pound. That would be a great poll. Anyway, so we'll fill out this poll here and get Eric or satisfy there because he's very upset about that. He wants to get it on their right away. We've got to analyze yesterday's poll. We've got to take a bunch of comments about when George fills in here today from people on the phone which we'll get to. What's wrong with that? Nothing. Talk about you might learn something. And then you'll be on vacation all night. And then you'll be on vacation all night. And then you'll be on vacation all night. And then you'll be on vacation all night. And then you'll be on vacation all night. And then you'll be on vacation all night. And then you'll be on vacation all night. And then you'll be on vacation all night. And then you'll be on vacation all night. And then you'll be on vacation all night. And then you'll be on vacation all night. And then you'll be on vacation all night. And then you'll be on vacation all night. And then you'll be on vacation all night. And then you'll be on vacation all night. And then you'll be on vacation all night. And then you'll be on vacation all night. And then you'll be on vacation all night. And then you'll be on vacation all night. And then you'll be on vacation all night. And then you'll be on vacation all night. And then you'll be on vacation all night. And then you'll be on vacation all night. And then you'll be on vacation all night. And then you'll be on vacation all night. And then you'll be on vacation all night. And then you'll be on vacation all night. And then you'll be on vacation all night. And then you'll be on vacation all night. And then you'll be on vacation all night. And then you'll be on vacation all night. And then you'll be on vacation all night. And then you'll be on vacation all night. And then you'll be on vacation all night. And then you'll be on vacation all night. And then you'll be on vacation all night. And then you'll be on vacation all night. And then you'll be on vacation all night. And then you'll be on vacation all night. And then you'll be on vacation all night. And then you'll be on vacation all night. And then you'll be on vacation all night. And then you'll be on vacation all night. And then you'll be on vacation all night. And then you'll be on vacation all night. And then you'll be on vacation all night. And then you'll be on vacation all night. And then you'll be on vacation all night. And then you'll be on vacation all night. And then you'll be on vacation all night. When I walk into the club, I was looking for a home. Maybe there's a dress, put down the back. So when people said that, I guess they could keep my class. I put on a shirt, it would see through. You could see my boots, and they'll play nipples too. Then I got a shirt, had no pegs on. We didn't matter if it went modern, see years gone. We were gonna dress up, but we didn't know that. We were gonna dress up, but we didn't know that. We were gonna dress up, but we didn't know that. We were gonna dress up, do that one. You think I'm gonna wear a coat, I won't. Even when I just saw my coat, don't hide a thing. Do I get mine, if show I don't. But I try to have it, don't want one. Even when I just saw it, my coat, don't hide a thing. Hello, George. I'm 32 at 5.16. Nobody QA. I'm happy, Friday 2. Our poll today, who's the hottest of them all? Brittany? Christina Aguilera? Oh, that would make me... Sick, but some of them all for that, because I got bad eyesight. J-LOC has a lot of people like a big fat. Racco-mass. See, there goes with that ass talking, look what I did for you and Mark. Pink? And Rikai? Tom Walling? Tom Brady? Madonna? Oh, and Paul Rubio? Now, who'd I leave out? I'm not gonna put like Mariah Carey on there. You put her other for the Crank vote, right? Would that one, Lart? Who? Madonna. There are people who think she's hot. Who? Both of the ones who went and saw that movie. Her parents? Yes. Is there a brother? Yes, and her make-believe husbands. But at any rate. Should I put the namoraya scary? She just got that one gigantic breast in the middle of her chest. It's better than the data. Okay, Mariah Carey, there you go. I'm not... look, because I put her on here, doesn't mean I think she's hot. I think she always thought she was one of the skankiest, most untalented sloths that ever came down to Pike. Yeah. And? I think she's hot. She'll get votes. And the more you keep throwing on, that she'll probably win the goddamn thing. Just because you don't know how to do pole man. You don't know how to do pole. You like you take your bring out the spotlight to flash light and you say, okay, all you... You even mentioned it. All your lunatics out there. I want to dick around with our pole. Here, here's the spotlight and you put it on the spot, you know? Instead of just reading the list. What am I like yesterday? We didn't have one Crank vote on her yesterday. Well, maybe a couple. The mobile votes. Now, not the mobile, so you kidding me? Those are the ones that they really feel strongest about. I'm getting proud to go. Good. And deserve at least so in the water he's not here today. He's probably going to rehab for a couple of days. Wouldn't surprise me. In fact, he'll give him a good place to hang out for a few days. Anyway, so that's the beginning of our pool and speak an amazing thing. And also thanks to our good friend Glenn and Iow. I remember Glenn from Iowa. Sure, that listens all the time on the internet. And facts is just good. So, he facts me 400 pages about this thing about the TV feeding frenzy, Alzheimer's, all day, which we'll get to. Thanks Glenn. Good stuff. But here's some of the best stuff I've ever seen. The moosey man has got his own fan club. I love it. They all got together. And we got our chief moose fan club. You can go to chief moose.com. And you'll find it. And there's his picture. Look at that says moose sighting. Yeah. Moose tracks. It says we love chief moose. We love him so much. We want statues of everywhere. Did you know that the lions outside the New York Public Library were nearly moose. Theater Roosevelt was ahead of his time. We want more moose. Where do you want chief moose statues? Tell us in our comments. And that goes on. On Hollywood is already thinking of making some lame CBS movie of the week. In which a characterization of chief moose with figures or kids. I put it to you. If you were casting the part of chief moose, who would you give it to? It says my vote is for Dennis Hayesburg of 24. He looks the part has the gravitas and charisma of truly embody the moose man. But can he say together? That's my question. I guess that's what the audition will be. And this goes on pages and paste chief moose name. Person of the week. Time is declared Charles a moose. It's person of the week. Needless to say this. Accolade is a whole week overdue. And these trouble times. Chief moose is the foremost champion of the battle between good and evil. He's a powerful positive role model for our youth. Okay. So I got it. We have 40 pages of that. This is a very disturbing piece. Team thought Brazil was playing when he pulled gun. And then Carlos comes in here. See he's picking up right from the same mistakes we're uh, you and your making. He's been a bunch of stuff and worked. That's for me. Well that's from you. Yeah. I apologize to Carlos. I thought it was much too soft and more cringy. But if you're going to use your George and Joe, they're not funny. The quotes below are come, this is, uh, things over here to the STD clinic. I have reasonably my penis was exposed to LSD when I eject you way to have flashbacks. Well that wasn't one of the funny. Oh, my hair is falling out on the sun hurts. My crotch. I went to a party had a few beers woke up in a closet later. My face stuck in my thing hurt. My last period looked like meat. My balls feel soft and mushy. Oh, I know somebody like that. I'd be messing with these nasty women from Minnesota. They didn't tell you they got something less. They mad at you. Oh, that must be cheap. Moosea dad. They don't tell you unless they got something less. They mad at you. I thought I was they be mad at you. How am I supposed to do latins? It's smelling like a dead fish. I got the dripper. I have had sex with my daughter's fiance and induced with lice. I'll feed the little raw down there. Scabs on my butt. I'm losing my mind. I'm releasing semen when I take a crap. That's nice. Doesn't say where it's he's releasing it, but nevertheless. I was poked. Oh boy. I was poked in the rectum with the infected finger of a 70 year old homosexual man. Rectum. The tell like a finger we said. I live at the VA and my roommate has a girl as girlfriend from Minneapolis. So were they throw ticks at me that bite my neck and when I pop the source. They smell like, oh, I'm not reading that. No, juice. I'm not saying what kind. Can't you put that swab in further? No, well, that's okay. I'll save the rest for later. Because they're so good. This is disturbing. Teen thought Brazil was playing when he pulled the gun out. West Palm Beach. Denora Rosalice yesterday. She thought Nathaniel Brazil was playing around with the when the 13 year old pull a small handgun from the pocket of his denim shorts and pointed it at a teacher. He just playing around. Rosalice said she realized the gun was real when it went off. And English teacher Barry Gruno fell to the ground. It's like a gun that little kids play would like these to play cops or Zala's 16 told jurors in the fourth day of a civil trial against the guns distributor. Gruno's widow, Pan Gruno is suing Valor Corp, claiming the gun Brazil used to kill her husband as an unreasonably dangerous weapon and Valor could have made it safer. Gruno's asking for $75 million 25 million for herself and each of her two young children's. A turnies for Valor Corp maintain the gun worked as it should firing a bullet that hit Gruno after Brazil pointed the gun and him and pulled a trigger. That's the way it's supposed to work just like that. Yeah. Very effectively. And now he's dead. Valor attorneys instead cast blame on the school for not providing enough security and an L-more McCray the family friend who kept the gun in a dresser drawer unlocked and loaded before Brazil be stealing it. They also fault Brazil now 16 and serving a 20 year prison sentence not nearly long enough for seconded we murder he's expected to testify in the civil trial. During the criminal trial last year, Brazil said the gun went off accidentally and that he only wanted to scare Gruno who wouldn't allow him to visit with his friends in his classroom. Right. Anybody believe him? No. And it's amazing though that there actually are those, it always happens with OJ no matter who. You knew it wouldn't be too long before we got some dark, complicated folks who are same like there's something racial about this thing with the John Williams, my Hammond the Schwartz whatever his name is and an effuer of the steps on. There is. Yeah. We don't you know it was the crackers in the honey that did it. Oh, made in both crackers. That's why they done it. Can you imagine if that's all you ate was cracker none of your blood sugar probably be higher than Eric's and probably be like can say tilt on that machine. Does Eric take his blood sugar by the way? I don't know. Well, there's only one way to tell for sure and that is for the prick's on the tips of his finger. Look at all the prick's on the tips of my fingers. It's true. That's the only way can we really sure. Anyway, it's twenty before ten. We're going to start taking some calls and a bit get some work of things, names, nominees for the pool. I'm not voting on this yet. Now what? Did he leave Tom Brady off of this pool? Get whether Eric you idiot you maniac. Put down the goddamn burrito sweetheart. By the way, the food yesterday from balance for life was outstanding. You know that. I like mine. Now they're actually bringing me the right stuff now. The good stuff. I think they were giving me like this stuff. That's why I'm so excited. For a couple of days just out of general principle. Just because Troy's got a good sense of humor. What did I do with my pool? Here it is. I think he left several off here. I guess he wants me to read it again. Brittany's your Kira Christina Angolaera. J.Lo. Pink. You don't have any of them on here. And Riquey Tom Welling. Tom Brady. Madonna. Polyna Rubio and Mariah Scary. Kind of scary to me thinking about that. She's nasty. And boy can she sing or what? She is bad. She's a wailer. Used to play for Hartford. 19 before 10 at 5.60 W to Q. You know, I don't want to get out of this morning. That's not just in this copy. I really didn't. That's why I've been yawning all morning long. I just, I don't know. I think two three days a week is enough like the mad dog does. You know, by maybe three days. Anyway, I had a good night sleep though on my bed. I could have slept till noon. That great bed from the folks at Dala mattress. If you woke up this morning feeling cranky or like you didn't sleep at all, then do the smart thing. And call like I always do 1-800 mattress. That's the number for Dala mattress when you talk to these folks. You'll be guaranteed a great night sleep every night for years to come. Dala mattress carries only the top brands in the world. They've got them all. Seely, certits in King Coral. And every size in every comfort level, which means the mattress you want is in stock available for immediate delivery. Recently, they set up the lovely Miguel with a new bed. He's love it. And man, he has screw on his brains on that thing. He's doing it. The folks at Dala mattress did what they said. They would no BS no excuses. No baton switch just a comfortable relax nicely from a gal for a long time to come. When the crew from Dala mattress got to Miguel's house, they set up his new one. Took away his old one and the mattress too. Don't be tempted by stores going out of business who can't deliver. And don't forget now through the end of the month. Another week, or thereabouts. Dala mattress offers free delivery. You can get a free Dala mattress delivery in just two hours or any given to our window. You provide depending on where you live. Don't forget now for limited time delivery is free. So sleep like a baby like me and Miguel do. Many, many miles apart. Call 1-800 mattress right now. 1-L-M-Sheries Dreamin' About Me. 1-800-M-A-T-T-R-E-S. I hear even screams out my name in the middle of the night. 1-800-M-A-T-T-R-E-S for Dala mattress. Brand name beds for busy people. 5-L-M-A-T-R-E-S. 5-C-C-C. 3-L-M-A-T-R-E-S. 4-L-M-A-T-R-E-S. 4-L-M-A-T-R-E-S. 5-L-M-A-T-R-E-S. 5-L-M-A-T-R-E-S. Alright, welcome back to the Howard David show where we run a clean family diet for what you call it. They are show here. Stop! No homo talk to acquiesce like that you fag kite that follows me. I ain't gonna make this thing at the Amistate Sufi salesman. What are you doing? You remember when he told the kids that put their hands in the parents' thing? Oh yeah, did they do? No, we're gonna talk sports here. With a little humor based on the comedy styleings a Jack Boom Boom Carter. Oh yeah, fuck! Say, ate it a beautiful day in paradise, huh? Damn it, dice! Why sure, pedited in New York? Uh, yeah. Oh yeah, yeah. Oh yeah, you're from New York, right? Yeah, I'm from Canasi! Alright, pipe down. I just put my wig again. So, when you come down here for? Well, I had to be signs of this right here, this is paradise. To Steve both night, I can't say I trained a Miss New York. Why? Don't you want to go back sometime? I can't go back. For come! Well, they told me in no uncertain times. Let's not get it that out right now. That sounds familiar. So, why, yeah, you hear the news? Huh? I said, have you heard the news? No! They're gonna suspend that little hustle hole, y'all. Oh, hey! That's right, they ought to let that little spit bastard go! What did he do? I just don't like him, man. Ain't that good enough? That little little little tussle, you think? Are you arguing with me? You know who I am. I got the power of great greed behind me. My integrity. I want to fire him all! I don't really ask you! You're fired, too! Get out of my place of business! I say you're a place of business! Why you? Why you're a sicker! Ow! Ow! Ow! Ow! Ow! Ow! Ow! Ow! Ow! I'm getting pounded. That's $0.5,6WDK Qualcomm. We sure miss him, hear this one out? We really do. Because when he's in a building, the People are Westwood, one by the way, tell us that, Noah is very sensitive about his bad tooth pain, number one, about his pupic he's overhang, number two. So whatever you do, don't be talking anymore about his bad hairpiece and especially about his ponds. Don't be doing that. Wasn't that Eric Ast challenged characters name and shit, yes. In fact, have you ever seen him, Erica, strotted together? No. Same hairpiece, I think. Here's the facts from one of our chronic regalists who go to qm.com and click on host, click on their email. All photos do not match the host profile. See, we can't be responsible for the qm website. We're having enough trouble being responsible for hours. Now that Eric and Boca Briner talk can spirit or stuff behind our back. PS most pieces lovely. Well, that's good. See, and you're picking on him again. The people at Westwood once said, do do that. He's very sensitive about those things. And he gets very, I'm getting pound up tight. Let's take some calls from suggestions for our poll today. So we can round it out so we can go and go and actually did your old names on their eventual, I think. You think I should try to vote it. I don't know why he's, you don't need to facts to two measel. Listen, he's obviously listening. Let's see who my votein for. Tom, I'm sure not voting for Aaron. How'd you guess? I am voting for Tom Brady. No, you're so good. He sure got Tom welling beat. Hands down your pants. I said Tom welling. And let's see, there it is. Tom Brady. Oh, you said Tom welling? I know. I'm not obsessed with Tom welling. That's what you said. I never said that. That was just stick. That was a radio stick. OK. Tom welling is, he's OK. If you really see one thing about people on TV, I this may come as a great shock. Like what was the guy that played super, Clark and Lewis, Lewis and Clark Dean Tane. Dean King. He, if you look at him closely, looks more like Steve King. I mean, no, he's got, he's got bad Zitz. He's got like, he's got Mark. Talk, Mark. He's got that nasty, like almost like a James Woods completion. He's a good actor. And he was good at that tag movie, whatever it was called. So it's not like personal. He's good. But from a distance. And if you look at Tom welling, if you watch that close, I mean, if you get up, like real close to the TV, I've tried that. He's just, he's OK. He's pretty good. Norma said he was gorgeous. And I'd be embarrassed to be saying that. If I was like a high priced lawyer in Broward County, like Norma can't, I wouldn't be saying any guy was gorgeous. But at any rate, I see people all the time, not here, not in this town. But I mean, like in real living and breathing places, who look better in any of these people, male and female, including Brittany. I see females look, and I know that's so no Christine, clean and pristine and just quick cleaning pristine like Christine, is that what you just said? No, he's obsessed with Christine Agalera. Let's get him some help. Okay, no, one of the audience has turned. I like that one. They've turned on Unie, he had such a terrible awful crappy summer book. But let me say this about her. Yeah. She really has get out. That's the bad way, Christina. Get out out. Yeah, she'd be talking like she'd be from the get to. Oh, I never would turn on the audience. I've got all that. That one was when she did the movie of the video that they, oh, well, at the riddle. The movie on Roo. Yeah. Oh, you would talk about somebody over playing the video when I was in Amsterdam, both in the spring and in the summer on every one of the MTV's and on the ones DJ TV and this one and every two minutes was that guy they move on Roo. Oh, brother, just enough to make you want to gag. Yeah, knowing song, very annoying number one and number two annoying bitches on there too. Like Christina. I mean, was there anybody that looked good on that video? No. I'm going to select that angel mama that pink. Pink? Yeah, we are compared to Christina. She's fantastic. Well, we'll see how many votes she gets. Look at that Britney's off. This is up already. Well, that's good. We can't wait to add to it. See, I know he wouldn't wait. He's in a hurry today. Don't understand. It's brunch's time. It's Friday. There's 6, 70, 5, 60, pound, five, 60 on the AT&T line. Anybody wants to nominate for our poll today who's the hottest of the month and also wants to critique George's summer job? Let's find out why he did so poorly. W to Q a n. W to Q a n. First call of the day and they got the radio cranked up with channel blaming. Staying it along time to get around to it. Hello. Hi, George. Yes. Hey, it's Melissa from sales. Before do you remember me? No. George, you remember Melissa from sales? Sure. I did. Okay. Okay. Listen. I just wanted to add. When you are, you are on the air. Oh, no. Yeah. I wanted to find out how I can get that song from Afro Man because I got high. Or because I got high. Is that what you want to say? Yeah. That's what I want to. Is that like, is that the name of it or is that what you're, why you wanted? Well, I want it because I want to hear it. Well, George, make you copy of it. Oh, okay. Oh, wait. Who worked? Can I? Oh, you want me to play today? What time? Now? Like right now? Like right now? Like as soon as you, your early as can be. Well, are you, are you taping right now? I will be as soon as you tell me to. How about, like, write it 10 o'clock? 10 o'clock. That would be perfect. Okay, Melissa. All right. And George says hi. Hi, George. Hi. She don't want to be on the air though. Well, that was, that was for a two at his wasn't it? I don't know who that was. She was in sales here somewhere. Hey, Melissa. He hasn't got any idea who you are. I did was here a female voice and right away. He's a radar went on. Yeah. It's got a skirt on. It's got. Yeah. It's got something on. That's about she's probably very lovely, Melissa. I don't know. I have no idea what that is. Well, you know, are you? Are sales people at all these stations man? You know, they come and they go to end. And we got to be evolving door. What's his name? What's your name? He's husband. Scott Schwartz. He's here for about two or two minutes. He said, I'm getting out of this place. Yeah. He left here screaming and yelling. So this is an insane Assam. I was just reading the accations on there. I see John penis wrote me a really emotional note on there. My birthday when they put the sales people brought me that gigantic picture up there. Oh, yeah. He also do strange things coming out of screw-in. Right, though. I don't want to talk about that on the air. So we'll play all of me for get to play that. Afroman right at 10 o'clock for our good friend Melissa. Whoever she is. Who's the WQAM? Is this pot on? Yeah. I think they're smoking it. WQAM? Yeah. Yes, sir. Hey, what is the rating for that poll cast to homeowner morning? He's all bragging about how great he is. And I'll cast your homeowner. Yeah. Let me take a peek. They got anything because they got, you know. They got a thing. Well, here's the men 2554. That's their target demo. Let's see how it sperm had a 9.4 was number one hot 105. They were tied for a second, but they dropped like 2 points. Good. They were tied for a second. They dropped like 2 points. Good. They were tied for a second. He's an asshole. Yeah. And hey, his Tampa Bay still the only undefeated team in the NHL. What's with that? I know it's frightening in it. I'll keep talking. Yeah. Okay. Don't do that. Good thinking. That was a good call. He said hockey talk in the ran away real quick. That was more than enough. Zeta had a 5.7 time for a second. Last time there were a second all alone with a 7.7 in the spring. So they dropped a couple of points, but seems like everybody dropped and I'm somewhere not going to knock them for that. Okay, Paul. I'm going to be fair. What I deal with the numbers. I don't let personalities get in the way except in the case of mo. But, uh, now he listen. We gave the numbers out accurately. Whatever mo God and his numbers word is bad as we had hoped. I mean thought they were going to be. Everybody in the building is down and maybe that's why everybody's a little bit down today that we saw the R by our yesterday. Even muff was kind of like, you know, he not that too pleased. We were hoping like for maybe ones, you know, like job threatening kind of numbers, but didn't happen. Now wait till the next book. Oh, and Tom Jick, let me say it again. The next book comes out in middle of January. Okay, Tom, write it down and your goddamn diarrhea. Okay, write it down and have somebody tell you, remind you, poke him aside. He just can't get it right. Well, he's too busy with those cooking show schedules. You know, that's heavy duty stuff. WC, I am. George report by all that. Not he ain't going to be on. I mean, one word out of your boring mouth. We had him what 45 times yesterday this asshole call. Go away from a go away. And thought about go away. The man just go away fat. WCOM. Yeah. Yes. How's it going? Okay. How long you think it's going to take for the South Florida tie to come into this sniper thing? The South Florida, what tie in? Yeah, I'm sure there is one, right? Okay, well, when you get it, let us know. The South Florida, no, I'm not going to die. It's got a point. Don't be given like a winsing look. They're all these around to say. What he's trying to say is that every time some grow testing happens, always the trail comes right back to this town. The ugly nasty smelly trail. Maybe this is where he got the gun. Maybe this is where it was manufactured. Maybe this is where he bought the crackers and honey. I don't know. But I think this collar had a very good point. And you're given like, see, that's another part of the reason that they don't like you. It's because you're too hostile. Give these people a chance. Okay. They're doing the best they can. It's not very good. But at least they're not calling and saying, well, we go out this weekend. We want to really kick some ass. We want the kids to win by 90 points. And really, because it's going to make me feel like a real man. I got news for you. People are called top shows. The right nothing's going to make you feel like real man. We're sports, we're in the old five six. You a.m. Don't go. We're the other part. Yeah. I was going to clean my room. I was going to clean up and find the room. But then I got on. Oh. I was going to go to class before I got on. Come on. Check it out. I could have cheated and I could have passed. But I got on. Oh. I was going to go to court. You a. I was going to pay my child support. But then I got on. No, you went. I. I. I. I. I. I think I got, I think I got. Think I got. Think I got. Think I got. Think I got. No, no. That's. That. I wasn't. You're it. But I was. Oh, I'm serious, man. I was. I was going to pull. Right over. Stop. But I was. Oh. No. Thank god. That's. Yeah. If I got. I'm gonna make love to you I'm gonna sing I was gonna need you Oh Now I'm Jacket of And I know why Yeah Yeah He's gonna go He's gonna go He's gonna go Oh, no, no, no, no, no I'm gonna spill my inside your life Yeah, he goes like a heart Yeah, he goes like a heart Yeah, lost my kids Yeah, he goes like a heart I think we're a thing that's never seen Been on the sidewalk And I know why What they did for you Yeah, he goes like a heart Yeah, he goes like a heart Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Almost stopped singing the song Yeah, he goes like a heart Yeah, it's called baby Oh And you know what The Still one I know how much you think I'm high Are you right I片 Stay calm What the hell Are you doing well, doesn't it? This brought in those numbers and you're going to be a shocked when you find out what the who killed a summer book What new numbers do we have the monthlies oh week the weeklies Guess who killed a summer book? Right September with the last four weeks were killer, but that was for the whole station The whole station went into crap right that month So you don't have to feel quite so bad although in the numbers that clearance gave me she I think Maddie Bell doctor these To make you feel better make me feel better Me feel better. He hates me. Oh, that's true But I don't know because the numbers that clearance gave me if you break down a month to September We had a real strong month in there in our show But maybe that but that doesn't include Maddog because let's see one to three We got all of Maddie Bell went crazy. He brought me how did Maddog do one to three one moment please in those last three Where? Now three six he went way down. That's after an eight five See August this for third had this wild jug and a hand-canned and eight one Maddog had an eight point five was number one in the August that's incredible me All the way in a six five and July nothing wrong with that and an eight five but then August of three six Oh now us and Mo Mo had a four two a four two and a two pay I two two Okay, I'm going to four two or two and a two six Oh, but the two six I mean a whole station in September. I think I think I think that was the ethnic waiting that they did or no It's something. I don't know I have no idea what that means because according to our clearance We had a big good September. Well you've always had arbitrant doesn't know how to sample this market anyway In the July that was your first four weeks You were number four time would say to with a 5.9 and none of them were that and men 2554 Second four weeks of 5.3 and here you thought you had that terrible August this doesn't make any sense no doesn't this doesn't make any sense at all These numbers don't match the numbers in the book Or the numbers that we've got to your extrapolations that we have for the trends at all not even close So somebody here ain't getting the job done right a fig tree finger right now and then in September at a four seven But everything was like chopped way down in September for some of the CMQ. Oh CMQ FM was number one in September What is 6.7 share? We didn't have a Chinaman's chance because Chinaman don't speak no peek at a pony And we were a time first we were fifth for the 4.7 in September So the book was destroyed by So I have nobody to blame but myself or not getting that bonus can't blame George so how do you like that folks? I sucked in September not really I thought it was fantastic in September. I thought it was sensational. I thought it was simple anything anybody buying it? No, I had a good time Anyway, so how's the pull coming? British got 24 Shakira's got 20. I like that J.Lo's got six Christina's got four Tom Brady three Paul or Rubio's got three Mariah's scary's got three and Tom only two nobody else got it and I got any Whole bunch of faxes here now Where'd you come across Paulina Rubio by the way? What do you mean where I come across her? I didn't come across her Here's a fax from Jonathan who says I'm a 25 year old male who moved to San Florida almost two years ago And I've been hooked on you show ever since I got here. You're definitely right about this place There are very few living and breathing people under the age of 100 absolutely correct Jonathan Anyway, it says I heard you play a bit quite a while ago. It says something about stuffing your face kind of like Neil does Huh? I don't know if that's exactly how it goes but something like that. I don't hear it a once thought was hilarious I haven't heard it since could you play it sometime? Maybe he means we like to eat a lot that much loisting? Okay, is that it? That could be I don't know Thanks for a great show, so Jonathan. Well, thank you Jonathan We hope he gets some diaries because I sucked in September Yeah, I ruined the summer book. Does anybody believe that? Oh no, that's what it says in those numbers mighty belgamy Says I had a 47 and George had five so I guess that means more vacation time for me Let's put George on a lot more is what I would say I'll have a lot more Let's see we happen to the we what we what happened the archives shows. Ah, here we go with this stuff again Please put your daily shows back in the archive. Thanks to Espan. Bookably can't do it because of the conversation That's on huh? Unceltired of that. Yeah, we can't do it. Leave us alone Let's see sniper Florida tie in Malvo Attended Cyprus like high school on a west coast to Florida see there you go you ask I was a guy at it. Is that his death was is that his name Malvo the kid? Yeah the Jamaican kid What's that Paulina Rubio? Oh, there she is right on a cover a pio But what is that? He has stuff magazine He's stuffing it So we attended Cyprus like high school on a Florida west coast Let's see your last caller was obviously not up to there in the sniper info. They're already as a connection Arizona won the 17 year old went to school in Fort Myers It's too bad and real sad about the thanks for calling maybe she was on the few cool folks down here right It's too bad and pretty sad you're right But we got to keep moving on and spread of the fact that we're done we're finished on a show September was a grotesque month For everybody I'm not interested in seeing all your naked broad pictures near okay See that's one thing about me. I don't sit in here holding up a bunch of naked pictures of Tom Brady Of course, I don't have any I'm just astonished you found it because she is hot Paula Rubio hey I recognize a hot chick I'm not afraid to say that it's not gonna threaten my homosexuality I don't feel like a worried about that your strain see let me tell you right now about all these damn Supposedly very very heterosexual guys who pretend that they can't tell a good looking guy The only thing that means is the minute they say that they can't tell that it means that they're in a closet That's what it tells me because they're afraid if they admit that they recognize that a guy's good looking. Oh, oh Faggot that's that's what that's all about I mean you look at this like you look at the steak on a plate okay You're where there's two plates. I'm one plate. There's a beautiful delicious revise steak another plate There's a big elephant here. Okay now which one looks good? Which one is what if you're a vegetarian? Oh brother and what if he crackers and honey all day? No, when I said that he was a vegetarian and he crackers and honey and they both went crackers have an empty Oh there's a John mail phone right there is father on a phone from Jamaica Yes What he'd be saying This is We thank you very much for your time Leon areas and see an end strike again. That was great that was sensational. I love life good Golly Miss Molly that was spectacular Oh Poor Leon he doesn't know whether the scream or say Kirby pocket of Gary as well. We talk about that later on. Okay. We'll be listening Leon not Wow I'm at it's after 10 at 5.60 WQM. We're gonna take some more suggestions for our poll. I don't know Maybe they just won't be any and this doesn't that many hot people are wrong right now Should have put your girlfriend on there to Jessica Simpson now no no You're right. They just start that many see whatever happened to those fun days We had I was thinking about this yesterday. It was great days when we were watching MTV and TRL all the time and had all those And that was a lot of fun and then everybody said oh yeah nasty and we start eating what they are they took over the The schmuck from TRL what tells his name Carson Carson daily oh brother In fact, we'd like to shoot Carson daily Two three times daily. Well not this only in the foot not anything life threatening but he just makes a sick Hey pop at a park is where it's a get away from all the depressing stuff that's going on get out to pop at a park tonight And he night three nights a week wins the Friday and Saturday first post time don't forget early post time 15 and what more could you ask there's free general parking free club house admission free grants and admission every afternoon and night And tonight it's CScape night pre-priced rise to win one of 10 trips for two on the CScape casino dinner cruise plus The $11,600 final the CSGO escape planning pacing series tomorrow night Saturday It's the $376,000 floor to breeder stakes finals for two and three year olds plus the 19,000 For the dollar final they fall debut pacing series There'll be free prize drawing to a one of five trips for two airfare included to the Crystal Palace Hotel Casino and Anasaba Homens also tomorrow is the tracks annual Halloween bash with a custom contest for children free goody bags for many horse rides and more And don't forget every Wednesday night is dollar night You can get you a draft beer hot dog soda large pretzeler popcorn only a bucket piece Pompano park awesome offers full card simultaneous in every day seven days week starting at noon Featuring highlight harness and turbo racing action from all across the continent Pompano park is happening tonight in tomorrow three nights a week Wednesday Friday and Saturday post time 715 p.m Pompano park on powerline roges the black south of Atlantic Boulevard The man who year Lucky the backlash we like to probably like to not give you like to be blonde Like me like I like I'm getting counted. 1014 at 560WQM happy Friday to it. So the numbers come out of turns that George, it's a good thing this worked out this because of Maddie would have had these numbers yesterday. Then the voters, you know how much of front running phony's a lot of people are. They pull what it turned out so much differently. Yeah, right. Yeah. Everybody would love George. Oh yeah, George is where the show is at. Neal's old hat. All right. Reading on the air. We heard enough of that old bag. George is where it's at. We like that ass talk. That's what it's all about. So George is going to be on for the fact I'm leaving right now. I'm like a looking for it if Mo can do it. Why not? How can I do it? All this old guys. Take a nice long weekend. Get that a lot of here. George done fine. Mad Dog did great for two months and all of sudden in September. And of course that was only when I came back on. Oh, see, what did I come back here? No, that was in October. That's right. Am I right? Yes. So I was in Toronto all September. That's because he'd asked part of the problem like Tom Jickus. I was out of the bush. Yeah. Although in April, I was in Toronto all month and I had like a 10 and 11 share. So just figure it out. Is there any way to figure this out? Oh, we don't understand it. We don't get it. Yeah. They got that big Texas hat up there. And I guess they must have reached in the wrong ascent of it. And picked the numbers out. WCMQFM was number one in September in September. And September. Is anybody in their right mind, believe it? I don't even know what the hell they play. Do you know what they play? We said with themselves. You're asking Carlos, right? Yes. That's the reason. He hasn't got a clue. He doesn't have any idea about that or anything else. Not sure. There's, uh, we don't know what they'll play and Maddie Bell. Hey, Maddie, stay out of here. OK. Quit doing me so many favors. But you're bad news. You know what? How bubbly he was about this? The, the ratings not see. That's what the muff calls him now. The ratings not see. I like that. Well, that's a good question. Who does he hate worse? The water not see. Oh. But it anyway, I mean, WDO and L.C. Is this, is this what I'm looking at? Because the Humper had that big July, and then September, when the football's going on, we went down on this station. How is that possible? See what I'm saying? Does make any sense? It doesn't make any guide day in sense. Mad dog falls off the face of the earth. He takes a dump. I suck. Well, that's not unusual. And then, of course, Moa and a morning like drops almost in half. The Moa, myster. Maybe it's just he's bringing us all down. We're going to be with him. Let's play. Let's play him. He's not here day anyway. I'm getting pound good. We like it. Who's the hottest of the Moa? I might as he say who's the hottest. Who's the hottest of them all? That's what it's supposed to say, Eric, do it right. Like mirror mirror on the wall. Who's the hottest of them all? And it's not Carlos. Britney Spears 33, Shakira 32, J. L. 10, Ria Scary 6, Paula Rubio, Paula Polina. Polina, see? Can't get the names right. Eric, I'm telling you, buddy, when you're blood sugar gets over 500, you got problems. He don't know from stick chicks. Well, how come I know? I don't know. Question all in here. Oh, wow. Maybe I'm starting to make a little turn on some of this stuff. Tom Brady 4. Turn on Madonna 2. Tom Walling 2, Ogre T. He's a lot prettier than she is. Oh, yeah. And Pink has got one. Poor and Greek, you know? He ain't got nothing. It's the mole. Oh, my God. Poor and Greek, we are in time to get it on. Yeah. Anyway, 10, 17 and 5, 60, QM. We're just going some time until the mad dog comes in. Don't let me forget about my real radio stuff. I won't. Even though the audience may hate that like poison. I don't want to like it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T. We're discussing they have come to numbers we're so bad when Neil came back in September. WM, 7, 0, 5, 60. And they got their radio just screaming. Hello. Hey, hi, Noah's square. I'm on the road. WM, WM. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. How's it going? OK. You're listening to hot days that need to be in your pole. OK. I think the name is Jenny Ryan. She was a sidelord on the Star Trek Voyager and that's a Boston public. Jerry Ryan. I need to ask her name. Jerry. I. J.E. R. R. J. R. J. R. I. Got an Eric. Jerry Ryan. All three of you. What are you? Only one R. J. E. R. I. And. What was the second one? Baby, baby. When it's phones crap it out, don't blame him. See that's another reason they don't like you as you're just too harsh on these colors. That's why we have so many friends. This phone was crap it out. I could hear that. And. And when you're like, who would like that? It's his phone this far. You're right. 567 get a decent phone. Sir, OK. Get a decent phone. You can communicate. Wouldn't say that. Dancing. Got it. We got them. Cracker. J. J. B. 567. 560. It's time to get it all. How in 560 on the AT&T and Verizon? Wireless line. W to Q. I am. Hi, yeah. I just wondered if you could add some of the humor to what happened on the world series last night with the kid running on to home play. I didn't see it, but I heard them. I heard Gellie talking about it this morning. It was like, you know, the duck in the news. Yeah. Little duck got news by the white boy. I did hit home play. It was so funny. I'll be damned. Please put some humor on it because only you can do it the right way. OK. We'll do it. We'll put something on it. And real quick. Can I ask you your signs? Wait. It's Scorpio. Yeah, Dusty Bakers 3 year old kid came out there last night in JT snow. The lovely JT snow. He should also be on it. All his nose is getting kinda really beaky now that he's getting older. But at any rate, the little kid came around and out there and JT snow had a grab away from home play. When there's a play at the play, 3 year old little kid out there. And Gellie had a good line. He sent it to toothpick in his mouth. Just like Dusty Bakery had a little bit of a smaller toothpick. I would hope. Anyway, I didn't see it. I was World Series. What time did it end around? Two in the morning, something like that. I mean, who the hell? They say the ratings are the lowest in the World Series history. And is it any surprise? It touches because it's West Coast teams. It's because of the fact number one, nobody cares about baseball anymore. And number two, it's off the game start like it, uh, love it a clock at night. Who the hell's going to stay up to one in the morning on a weeknight to watch that crab? And there have been some great good games. But who's going to watch that when they can watch the Panthers lose like last night? They give it a hell of a good shot though. I'll say that for him. Ronald stations, they're screaming for a new coach, Pat Quinn, you're outpat. You lost the weight now. You're going to lose your job. WDQAM. Well, I tend to not only have the nobody on some of these lines, but they sound like absolutely you know what I mean? Dally. Quiet. WDQAM. Hello. Neil? Yes, sir. I. I. I. WDQAM. How are you, Barry? Good back. Okay, that's a good one. How come she's not in there? You're a slip in mind. You're a slip in Halley Barry and Spellar right. I'm not even going to spits AJ L. I.E. But I'm not even going to spell it for Yerick. Halley Barry get her ass on there in the rest of her two. She belongs on at least. Look, if she can't move the head of Britney Spears. Oh, seriously, she can't just move the head. Now maybe that's because you won five awards last night on the MTVs. Because she can shake her ass way better. Because she can sing way better. Right. She can do everything way better. Right. And probably better taste in men I would think. Better tasting men better tasting men. Them George Peabush and Justin Tinkerbell. And by the way, Justin, just in case you missed the message the first 400 times. Bye bye. Get out of here. Well, that's something about that September. I think that's rounded off a humor or something. I got to look at that again. Just to make sure I'm reading right. I mean, I know what the number is, but I'm just just thinking because they thought I was still on in September. Had to realize that you had come back. No. No, I sucked. I know. See, she's looking at this. See, Clarence gives me this. Did they just doesn't make any sense? Oh, that's men 18 plus. That's what we get. See, we don't get the 25. Fifty four. So when 18 plus we had a real goose up there in September. But 25 to 54 was like in the crapper. Well, that's because all of them posted listening to you one of your about eating ass. They're gone. Once I come back, they don't want to hear me. They don't want no part of me. Which is fine. You know, they don't like me? I don't like them. It's going to be that part of a big of a person. Do you want no part of you? Yeah. I've seen most of them. I don't want any part of them either. So I came and find those now. They just buried themselves in the bottom of my paw. I read there. I want to see what the CMQFM was number one in the last four weeks of the book, which is September. Let's see what else got some bogus numbers in there. The love, love 94 was said, oh, they were tied for first with CMQFM. Love 94. Anybody ever heard that station? No. Listen to it. No. Big third with a 6.6. That's all based on the early rally. It's based on Howard on the 910 now. Coast 5.6. And we hit a 4.7. We got beat up by the coast. Is there anybody in a rhyme I know believes that? No. And I OD had a 4.4. This is it. It's all like squished down. Radio, written mode, WHDJ, radio, romance. Just too much too many spos and spos, man. Spos and spos and spos and spos. That's all we got. Now where the hell's my list? We're ending to it. I got too much crampled out here. And then also somebody fast made this morning. This thing from the business section in the Herbert's out. Nobody's seen. And I don't I hope these guys do very well because they're Dutch guys, at least some of them are. I hope they do very well. Do you see this about the a Davy place? No Dutch treats. It says temp your taste buds. Finger markets firm food. Or is it firm markets finger food? I think that sounds supposed to be red. When Davy's Dutch and delicious ought to prove it from the Department of Agriculture for a new finger food, the fledgling company described as a culinary ragga. All raggu, I said ragga. Yeah, ragga. Get your ragga. And brace by Chris Bredding. Don't you want to see some of you get a ragga with a crisp running on it? Mmm. Looks like meat. Killer raggu. Eh oh. And then he describe all of it in here and more of a selling them and how they're selling. See, I hate to say this but Dutch food is just. Oh, ah. That's not good. Not good. There's some Dutch treats but believe me it's not the food. You might put some other things in your mouth that you might consider a treat, but not the food. Trust me. these guys do real well and glad to hear it give me a nice puff piece. Hey Justin. Bye. Bye. Bye. W to Q. I. M. Q. I. M. Hello. Yes sir. Yes I'm calling. Yeah I'm speaking. Uh to make a meal taking a call or not. Yes right now we're some speaking to you. Okay perfect. Yeah. Meal. Yes. Yes I'm calling because you remember when you said the two guys that do the midnight show that you say they don't have any competition. Yeah. Well they do actually. And what's that? Well I've heard I've tuned because I've sometimes you know wake up during the middle of the night or something and they let me see what's on the radio and there's actually other stations that do have talks about that time. Believe or not? Local talk shows rock and English language. I'm going to tell you something. One of them that I can remember was actually one of them actually was some Cuba. Yeah they're not in the middle of the night for whatever reason. I don't know how come the stations from over there can make it up here. Yeah and there's another one that I'm going to speak in English. No no. Well what do we care about those big stations? I don't care about that. No that's true but that may be one of the reasons why even they had the the renumbers a little bit lower. So another thing is there's to show that they get the channel called Mundo on the cable. Yeah. Okay have you seen that show at 10 a night called chat? Shack attack. No chat. Chat room. Oh chat. Yes. Chat? Yes. No. Oh my goodness. That show is like wow it's all of this world. George should like it. That's what they were talking about was. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. He'd he asked pretty much. Wow. Yeah. That's a pretty flushy channel I got to say. What time is that on? That show is Monday to Friday at 10 p.m. I'll be glued to it. And let me tell you something they're very liberal. They talked about you know game, everything. Everything. Game masturbation you. Oh my goodness. Great masturbation. By sexual masturbation. I'm not a check it out. I will thank you. Sure. Have a great day. And now we know why he gets up in the middle of the night. I discovered it by accident. Channel 71 on your cable and it just seems to be a flush. 71 on a cable here. Yeah. Right now there's some crappy cooking show. Well it's better than watching the second question. It was good to ask. It's both detail the eighth beetle. I don't want to see him again. I mean what else he's still? Oh they got a cooking show on there. Although these two people are pretty good. The pimps and then they they show like news clips. Well maybe this is our in-chef. 27 after 10 at 5, 60, W to QM. He's speaking about what a great segue. They're making an look at that. They got to walk out of the door. Your post that does look good. It looks almost as good as the beautiful delicious stuff. You're fine at the M.O. Coast Chinese buffet. What a great segue. Thank you amigo. And start watching some English stuff while you're out of the way. Why he would? If English people would put some good naked people under too, but we won't. That's the sad part. Anyway, you'll find three M.O. Coast locations sunrise north Miami Beach in the brand new and in Pembroke Pines. Thought we're gonna start out with mouthwatering six different kinds of soups. Got that? And then all kinds of succulent entree. It doesn'ts and dozens of them. It's a sea of beautiful fresh delicious food. Oriental surfing turf on weekends with the last King Krab of New York Strips take. Made two year order with the gourmet center. A sizzling Asian grill with teriyaki steak. What is it? Strips. Stake. Shrimp. Chicken seafood and handcar primary. I'm a little tongue-tied. Just thinking about it. Airmokos buffet for most healthy living too. Cooking all their fine cuisine with cholesterol free oils. No crap, baby. Not of that garbage. Not that the MSG or any of that other stuff. And there were faith features a full salad bar brand new sushi bar at Freshroom cocktail too. And of course, you're bringing along your crowbar and just stuff it into your pants. You can squeeze a little room in there for dessert because the dessert bars well worth checking out. Pies, cakes, pastries, ice cream with all your favorite toppings. Fresh fruit even that pink stuff that I think they may be calling watermelon. Be sure don't spit out the seeds they get really upset. Three locations for either in sunrise, Pine Island or 44th Street. They're on Collins Avenue just north of 163rd North Miami Beach and they're at the intersection of Lomingo and Pembroke Road in Pembroke Pines. Airmokos, et cetera. As a vacation, take on delivery available as well. Call 9-5-4-5-7-238-229-5-4-5-7-238-22 for more information on the Airmokos no forget to check out the new Oriental Chicken Salad too. With this video, I will check out the infinite internet domain that I can get. You say, because you were at home, you've been feeling full. You say, because you've been black, and you're my man, who is smart. Does they like? Are you sure they're shoes, under these hoods? I'll throw you away, you wash and cough the whiteies cause. You say, because you were at home, you've been feeling full. How about your room? I'll ask, I'll agree, or I'll walk. But then he'll make you clean all the whiteies' bathroom. But the pussy, the toilet, and then scrub the floor. They tell you, don't wear sandals, can't do these, though. Your country don't help make them all rich and pure. You'll not be naked, because like it be felt cold. If you'll be what you can be that don't do. One day while you be sleeping fat-cake, you may be alive. That's the dream you just like your ester room. That's when your head will move from touch to touch. Under these old, into bush and from it, they be crackle at home. 1034-563, we had a facts about kind of leave it from Lawrence and Miami. You said, please put your lies on your list. She's a sexy and smart. No, no, thank you, Lawrence. We're putting it on the list, I don't think so. Let's see, roll the next update from our cell-to-s-voice. Howard David is now hosting his own morning show on WQM Sports Radio 560 and Miami. He'll be the voice of the NFL's Miami Dolphins on QAM, starting this coming season. David retains his Emma. No, it was Monday head football, but the bus was going on. Neil Howard David was the voice of the cell. Yes, he was. How many jobs was he fired from? Could you play fat boy bits? Oh, I know who this is from. See, the only reason I read this is because he did not identify himself chronic David, if he had the top. Yeah, well, I didn't look at the top. Yeah, that's him. What's chronic David, fat boy? What if he just happened, fat boy? When it comes back from Vegas, okay? I'm sure he can get you into that chair. Here. Who's the artist that does this? I smoke to join Strak that I haven't heard on the ear for a while. I'd like to find it on the vinyl. Let me know. We don't know. We don't know, but I will plant. Remember, that's a cart we found. And no one claims that it was theirs. Well, I'll be goddamn. Oh, George. Here's a facts from George with a G who says, good morning Neil and George with a J. Your tone sounds great today. I kind of like the tone today. It's okay. I give it about three and a half minutes. I'll be in base until the rainy's not see came in there. When those awful month by those monthlys, man, that just depressed the crap out of me. I thought, you know, Neil, that's another thing. There's another way to look at it. The fact we had no billboards. The audience doesn't know when to come back after you keep knocking the numbers down. I can make takes me weeks before I get the audience back. I can tell him you're dead. Carlos is not he said that's right. They're not going to all like magically come back. Right. After you've been gone almost all summer long and George has driven away with all that disgusting spik talk. Well, while that tongue in the old spinktier talk, who don't want to hear that? Man, so what's that? What channel is that? What is this? Oh, my, what is this? Some crappy old Julio Mugajron. They have all these stuff. They have some. They have some chimian ad. Putting back the chimicis and the lusio. Put it on the lusio. You can't put your sernino. Lusie. Lusie, same old crap, man. You've got to tell you one thing about you guys. You're a sense of humor. You're more than the Canadians. Anyway, it says your tone sounds great today. More hair hat might be out of town today, but almost back over his hairpiece this morning when Iran crossed my driveway. Have you ever noticed how many times, most people teach himself every story to joke a joke that no one laughs at? It's as if he thinks that the lusters are guilty didn't hear him the first time. Mommomom, we did. We did hear the first time the reason we didn't laugh is because you're not funny and great. There's not fun either. Go to the event of work on that funny life here. There's your be next. Have a great weekend. So let's do it. Yeah, guilty didn't promote our show today. And I'm really pissed off part of about that. What a quizzling. What a whimp. That's what the numbers were crappy. That's right because they're not promoting our show. If they were just good on there and say that, Faggot is anything, just anything, just let them know I was here. Or then they might think it was George. Well, they were promoting the moron hour. Who's the hottest of them all? And that's right. They're promoting maybe that'll turn it around now. Who's into the moron hour at night, a clock you'll hear more. There you go. Maybe the thing doesn't turn around now for us. Four, two, four, two and two, six. Kind of a four, two at a some month for him, huh? That last one. Two, six. I'm gonna tell a station when they're crap. It's just one of those things. If you, in fact, I don't know why I'm getting excited about because if you look at the monthlys, the four week thing where they break it down in the book, it doesn't mean anything. Because they have these wild, wild swings. Anybody who believes George had only a five, three and August is probably right. But I mean, what a result of that. No, that's also go back to those again. I see I keep burying them at the bottom of the thing which is good because it takes me a long time to find them. Kills them great time. Just fumble around. Wena.fumble around here there. Thanks to the ratings, Nancy. That was a good line, Lufth. It's about time we came up with one. Any well, let's see, an I know one. Well, well, well, well, it's a big deal. You're tied for fourth with the five. Five big deal. EDR, hot, big, and two a.m. Okay, that's in the first four weeks. Then in August, big, EDR, what are the other months? And you're still fourth with a 5.3, okay? And then I come back and we dropped to five. See, when I came back and September, dropped all the way down number five. So here's George. Hey. Oh. Yeah, we're going back to the old show the way it used to be. A lot of crank calls, a lot of crap. Yeah, that little the raspberry guy. We're going back to that. We're still going on day when Kills is going to have to answer the phone. What's wrong with that? I made a bet to the phone. When? When he was working for free. Well, there you go. And now that he's going to get paid maybe someday. Now he especially better be the answer to the phone because if he wants to ever see the cover of that paycheck, all that sort of phone. Find way here's the cover of the paycheck. Arza isn't that color. Oh, isn't it really? Well, I get to tell you. Don't get a cover of paycheck. You just get the hope there's something that shows up in your bank account. Hey, your bonus is on the way out here. W to Q a m. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. The toys, T o y e s recorded smoke two joints. Really? Yes, sir. Well, thank you so much. We never knew that until this moment. Your moment. That our version because there's a version of it. You've heard that our version of it. Before. Well, I'm doing, I'm thinking of a version that I hear you play most often. That's the one. Thanks. Thanks a lot. That's the more stuff from the mountain. T o y e s the toys. We're going to play it right after we do the break. How do you like that? My life and love. This is for 305. 60. You way too way. Oh, too much. You're in trouble. Oh, we're fine. I want to give you a kiss. Oh, too much. T t e m o e. I'd love to join. I'd love to join the night. I'd love to join the afternoon. It makes me feel all right. I'd love to join. I'd love to join. Time up, please. You can do it time up. I'd love to join. Before I talk to you, I'd love to join. I'd love to join. Oh, my baby, you want to join me. You know you'll be hard-working man. But my mother, we want to join. You'll be busy, you can't. You can't wonder. I'm a gay man. It's gay for me and it's. It's hard for me and it's hard for me. But my shit will fail. Oh, now I'd love to join. When I get up, it's a car I'd love to join. I'd love to join. I'd love to join when I take you to your game. And then every 10 thousand points I'd love to join. I'd love to join. I'd love to join. Until I'm ugly. I'd love to join. I'd love to join. I'd love to join. I'd love to join. I'd love to join. I'd love to join. I'd love to join. Again, I'd love to join. Still good for you. Still good for you. Still good for you. Hey, Sara! Ow! Oh my daddy, he wants to be so you see my broken man My mama, he wants to be so you see me best you can Just in one day, I met him and she gave me a tear On woodwood, then on wood find, just a stick you can't hear That's why I'm going to do it, give me money I hope to go tonight, tonight I hope to go in the afternoon Makes me feel alright I hope to go in the same of these Let's do it, try and fall I hope to just be far, hope to join And then I hope to walk through this Let's go right through this If you saw mezi, roasted, roasted, roasted, pounding On woodwood, roasted, roasted, roasted Down,isons, you're just like here When you tried to walk through this Let's go to the home walls Collins, you own a state of life Here are the fact that says I smoke two choices by Bob Marley. Now, not that version. I'm sure Bob Marley probably smoked it and sang it, but nevertheless. Is that Bob Marley? And now's not a bit of good time to be talking about Bob Marley or any other Jamaican people. You think? They're out of favor right now. They're out of favor. I ain't going to be Jamaican right now. So all you may think is out there just grab my little bit of an idea. This lay low. That's in jerk chicken. They just asked a poll question you're on CNN a while ago and they just showed a result. Should the person the sniper, or I'll be given the death penalty, 89% said yes. Logan Percent said no. How can 11% say no? Huh? There are those people. I don't care who if there are those people. This case they have to make an exception. 89% said yeah. Why am I kidding? The only thing that this is not. No. It's not. No. And what about the kid? The 17 year old kid because you know what's going to be in the trial. Oh, they're going to say that he gave him the cracker. He's not. He brainwashed him. He, you know, he used the right right right right. Right. He was like, hey, what do they call that? Oh, he wasn't a kid. That victim. What do they call that? Like, had he heard alcohol? That is a stock home syndrome. Right. And I've been to Stockholm. I see no syndrome there. You only syndrome is a lot of drunk people. It's a beautiful city, by the way. Let's go to Stockholm. Get there a lot of here. Let's go anywhere. Get out of here. Let's get out of here. God damn it. Sitting here looking at these numbers. Look at all these spik stations. Man, spows and spows and spows. I grab out there and I got the damn turn. I look at my left. I look at my right. I can't find any white people. Not one of them. Forget about good looking white people. I'm just talking about why. You got to start with a white white. Yeah. All I see is a bunch of spooks. Yeah. All I see is a bunch of camel hunters. Yeah. Yeah. That figure is probably your palis. Who's the hottest of them all? Brittany Spiruses got 50 on our pole today. Shakira's right on her ass. See there you go. Here's the crank vote. I knew they had to be one. I thought the crack would have disappeared already. I thought they got them up there in his blue caprice. Brittany Spiruses 50 Shakira 46. Mariah Carey 45. There is the one to put the spotlight on that bitch with her one big breast. And by the way, Miguel Luis Miguel still says no, and Arm Miguel says no, too. J. L. 14, even with her big fat ass, Halley Berry already cut up. There she was. He went into the beginning. 14 for Halley. Halley. Christine Aguilar and nine. Nine people. I think wine Mike voted a few times. Pauline Rubio's only got eight. Christine Aguilar has got one more vote than Pauline Rubio. Nobody else is she is. Puh. Tom Brady's got six. He's a lot prettier than most of these on the head of him. Pink has got six. Madonna five. And we can Greek is got a pair. Jerry Ryan to entom all I said. Pair. A feet. He's got a big pair. Size 14. Anyway, I had several people. Facts me this. So it must be pretty good. I did already a print of the sound. One of my bedtime stories. I don't want to do too many bedtime stories today. I think what I'm going to do is like October and November to assemble. We'll do the fall book. And I don't know what we're going to do. I'm like be toasting between when the ratings dot see comes up with those many team plus numbers. Then I might have a change about the tune. I don't want to say. I don't want to say. I don't count anybody that's missing. You want to say? Right. Even with all the bedtime stories with all the, What is it? Period. Period. I don't want anybody missing. They all seem to be there. They're all accounted for. Follow what I'm saying. Yeah. I still think I get sitters long as I'm. I could do like a farting sounds on here for like the next three months and probably do better we did in the last book. That's a good idea. No one. Yeah. And Wednesday will do the comedy bits are on the other days that we will do the farting hour from the one. How's that? We have some wonderful party a farting gifts for you. We have the CD full of it. It was good enough for Hollywood squares and those other shows that I always had great farting gifts. It's good enough for us. Why not? Probably not that fat rush right off the guy damn here. Just blow him right away. Paul Crabman writes in New York Times today. Dead parrots society. This is good. I did read this. I have it in my pile. I have had 45 people faxed me already. Paul writes a few days ago to Washington Post Dana Milbancro in an article explained that for George W. Bush facts are malleable. In fact I read that article on here. Remember that? Yes. Yes I did. Documenting dubious. If not wrong statements on a variety of subjects from a documentary capability to the federal budget, the White House correspondent declared that Mr. Bush's rhetoric has taken some flights of fancy. Also in the last two days the Wall Street Journal reported that senior officials are referred to intelligence that remains largely unverified. The CIA's former head of counterterrorism was blunter. Basically, cooked information is working its way into high-level pronouncements. USA today reports that pressure has been building on the intelligence agencies to deliberately slant estimates to fit a political agenda. Reading all these euphemisms I was reminded of Maddie Python's parrot. He's pushing up the disease. His metabolic processes are history. He's joined the Quarron visible. That is he's dead. And the Bush administration lies a lot. Let me hear you say I don't blame reporters for not quite putting it that way. Mr. Milbank is a brave man. He's paying the usual price for his courage. He's not the target of a White House smear campaign. That standard response may help you understand how Mr. Bush retains a public image. As a plain spoken man, when effect is a slippery and evasive, as any politician and memory. Did you notice his recent declaration that allowing Saddam Hussein to remain in power wouldn't mean backing down on regime change? Because if the Iraqi despid meets you in conditions, that itself will signal that the regime has changed? The recent state of articles about administration dishonesty mainly reflects the campaign to sell war with Iraq. But the habit itself goes all the way back to the 2000 campaign and is manifest on a wide range of issues. High points would include the plan for partial privatization of social security with its two plus one equal four arithmetic. The claim that the tax cut that delivers 40% of more of its benefits to the richest one percent was aimed at the middle class. The claim that there were 60 lines of stem cells available for research. The promise to include limits on carbon dioxide in an environmental plan. More generally, Mr. Bush ran as a moderate a United out of the divider. The economist endorsed him back in 2000 because it saw him as the candidate better able to transcend partisanship. Now the magazine describes him as the partisan in chief. It's tempting to view all this merely as a question of character, but it's more than that. There's method in this administration's mendacity. For the Bush administration is under stream the ali-disk-click trying to maintain a popular facade. Its domestic policies are designed to benefit a very small number of people. Basically those who are in at least 300,000 year like Carlos and meet no care about the environment or the less fortunate compatriots. Through this basis augmented by some powerful special interest groups notably the Christian right in the gun lobby. A while as coalition can raise vast sums of immobilized operatives to stage bourgeois riots when needed. The policies themselves are inherently unpopular, hence the need to reshape these maniable facts. What remains puzzling is the long-term strategy. Despite Mr. Bush's control of the bully pulpit he has had little success in changing the public's fundamental views. Before 911 the nation was growing increasingly dissuade over the administration's hard-right turn. Terrorism brought Mr. Bush immense personal popularity as the public rallied around the flag, but the helium has been steadily leaking out of the balloon. Right now the administration is playing the war card and vending facts is necessary and trying to use the remnants of Mr. Bush's post 911 popularity to gain control of all three branches of government. But then what? There is after all no indication that Mr. Bush ever intends to move to the center. So the administration's inner circle must think that full control of the government can be used to lock in a permanent political advantage, even though the more the public learns about their policies, the less it likes them. The big question is whether the press which is beginning to find its voice will lose it again in face of the one party government. Good article by Paul Krugman and he's absolutely got his thumb right on it. And the bad news is they are going to win. There's a poll in the Palm Beach post. I didn't have a look at it today. I'll check it out to see if it's still in there. And Google the tutorial poll. Now Palm Beach County, wouldn't you think is like fairly moderate? Why? It's not. It's strictly redneck level. And rednecks. It's what old people are rednecks? Like old people rich retirees, the Palm Beach crowd and the most adrenching people. Yeah. And rednecks. Can these live there? Yeah. But Bush is winning like two to one against McBride and Palm Beach County in the pool. And they're like six thousand votes. Now I will grant you that the right wingers tend to find those things and they like they all jump on there. And they don't need spread the word to get on there. They're a Daisy chains. Get everybody to vote on those polls. But it was very a scary to me. Because if Jeff Bush wins, I think I'm just going to get out of here again for a few months. My life and law. And if you've been supporting 2562, you win anyway. Yeah. Why do you best? Good morning, ladies. I like this. Hey, I'm saying home. Welcome. Say, go. What a five. And two zigzags. Baby, that's how we need. We know too cold. After the dogs smoke back from the weed. As a mayor, want to burn. We can take our time. Sing it in. Bring rap songs. Stop it. Get the ball. Like teaching. Jump. It's empty. Come. So roll. Roll my jump. Pick out the seeds of stamps. Who hired sale? My new Palm Hill. Stayed no begging ribs. So roll. Roll the 83. Calacus the bill. If the dates are the seed, just don't sell. I bet my caviar wheel. When there was just a sundown in the small white town. They called it Eastside Palm Hill. When the Afro Man walks through the white land. How's his win on the sale? I'll stand and know the corner's telling rap CDs. When I met a little German Jan. I had a ride in my clinic. Because I didn't know I'd get it. It was the leader of a two-club plan. We've been on the bed. Don't know the floor. So long I grew up. And I'd go get a fucking two to live out. Two to ride. I suck my fucking two to shit. Turn right. I thought to myself. The steve was stupid. Got my ass looking like this. They brought up to the McColle. And that was all the way. But two of a daddy pulled up. And we have a place. So I ran. I jumped up the back window. But I daddy. He was running. And I went to my mother's home. I jumped up the back window. You beat me to the right. And the mother beat me to my ass. All right. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. The two sparks are stations joined at the hip. I wonder for what's his name? Ethnic sand. I wonder which one he listens to. Radio big head of 4.9. I wrote you a big. Now let's see this nine. Nine to one. How do you like that? Although we don't have the individual hour. No, you probably don't want to see it. Yeah. The second four weeks, which is August 4. Oh. For you, which was an eight. Big head was number one. EDR. Radio Mumbi. CMQF. Fam. No speaking in grace. Radio Monsia. Radio ritmo. Just speaks in. And then look who was number one in the last. And September when he came back. I mean. 7.5. Now I see something that makes me feel like maybe somebody might be listening when I'm on a year speaking. Number one with the 75 and number two was CMQ with the 61. So we're moving in a right direction. Like I said, we're not changing the thing on a show. Well, no, I anybody that would change based on the summer book has to be a more on any way, although I probably end because I'm working here. But at least that's something. I knew I could, I knew I could get him to bring me something in here that had a number. So that's the way you do it folks. When a number's come out, you just keep looking and looking and you find when I look slow. Oh, there's my number right there. Yeah, there's the month. That's the one that's accurate. To rest of it throw it out. Pick me is between 18 and 18. I want to watch the mad dog. The angry puppy, the hostile hound. Man 18 plus and the first month on the whole station done good in that July. And that's because I did those two shows that we from Toronto and whatever it was. Actually, I didn't, I didn't do the first year for man's day until July 9. Because they didn't have the line in. I wish you could have seen Bob removed. I wish you could have seen it. I mean, this man, he spent almost, how would you like to go to Amsterdam and spend all your time on this phone down to my basement? I mean, it's not not a lot of fun. And then a quick that crappy meal we had. That awful meal where he was screaming about the screw in and Roy. 7.4 for the mad dog. 1 to 3. Thank you, ladies, not see you down a great job. That mad dog. You know, if it's quite a what you're always saying he's not that bad. He's, and then personally he's, you know, a third. But, you know, as far as the station is concerned, he does this lot of good stuff. Even though he hates you rats on you all the time. Let's see the middle of four weeks. That was August. Number three and no mad dog six has done. Now wait a minute. See, I don't understand that. Does that make any sense? Has any supposed to have had a huge number of dogs? That was meant 25 to 54 and this is many team plus. So, which men aren't listening to? Yeah, the olden's. I don't know. That will have to look when a whole book comes out. We'll see many team to 24 and then we'll find out what the story is here. Okay. Then we'll find out what the goddamn story is. Because what is it? You, uh, stop short. What? Oh, five nine time period. IOD, uh, six six, which is what's IOD? That's, uh, Lardez. Fadaz Lomba. One to three, right? He's noon to three. And then EDR was second with a six point, but he can't beat them shiverses. And then in the third month in September, mad dog grabs to a four-eight. Uh, and dropped to fourth. IOD, now what tells IOD got on, well, like I said, Lardez. Lardez. Now what about in, what about when, when, no, I was on. In September. Me, me, me, me, me, me. What about me, me, me, me, me, me, my room. Well, let's see how Lardez doing there. Look at that. Only a four, four. Nine to one. Well, that's Dr. Lora and Monaro, Lardez. So there we go. So we, they've heard of his, we have no idea if there's anybody listening or not. You know, something we don't care. I got three paychecks in my pocket with the world. Why care about numbers? George doesn't care because they hate him anyway, even if he has a good number, they still don't like him. So he figures they deserve getting a crappy number. Treat him like crap. Pay him garbage. Don't care about his bonuses. Of course he blew us at bonus anyway. Although I guess I was a bonus. Too bad. Anyway, it's 11. It takes very little difference. 11 after 11. You wouldn't get it anyway. So what do you mean? Look at all the aggravations. You'll say, worrying about looking on each pay stub. Look at your stuff. It's not kind of show up anyway. Just like Carlos paycheck that he thinks he's getting. He thinks we're joking. 11 after 11 at 560 WQM. Here's something that you can get at the very low price. Two minutes, all of you might pop some in your post. You can start taking this good stuff. And they've got a whole series of different products designed to help your health. They've got one for your heart, one for your blood pressure, one for your cholesterol. And they've got three brand new ones now to help your sleep at night. So you don't have to worry about listening to the dirty boys talking about fat ass. Weight management, speaking of fat ass and co-q10 for your heart. I'll be using the benefits of the best olive oil on the face of the earth. Combined with vitamins, minerals, orables. All kinds of good stuff in there. Only medicine outstanding new product and more and more people are popping every day. And you can pick some up all over town. You'll find it. Your public stores, equids, wall greens, for more info call, olument tool free at 1-866-Oliomed. That's 1-866-6536633. You can also order their products online at olumentamerica.com. And if you're visiting your nearest publics and vinyl, you met product and data-broward. You can get you a free coupon. This is how it's setting. I almost like drop a load on the chair here when I read this. You can get you a coupon for a free Larry Coke or Babblehead doll. Wow, supplies last. Don't forget to visit their sampling for video in its fourth center every Sunday too. When the dolphins will be playing home games. Pick up free oligomite samples and product information and start popping some real soon. The logo of the 66560 is the ring you're the only one. You ain't in the butt, honey. Welcome back to the highly rated at Mohawan and David at the show. Holding for my urge, navigation. Okay, stupid worry. You with the remit. No, wrong. You were doing that to me. Oh, yes, sorry, Moh. That's better. Oh, wrong day. Chris? Nick, I didn't see you could say that yet. Okay. Wrong day. Tell you. Chris? Cut. I'm not a problem. I'm not a problem. Wrong day. Get me. That's not him. That I'm my watch. You. Dang. Around day. He's a police. Stop. Put the kung fu grip. Sorry, Moh. We got one of our three very important coolers on the line. He'll be 2 a.m. You're more extra. And can I spin it out? What you take? Oh, wrong. You know, this is the goddamn thing you say. What do you do? I'm playing with my very poker. All that. Oh, that's quite a distingable. Why? Something. He's out. Yeah, he's gonna be me. Oh, god! Oh, he's out. He's out. He's got me. Almost there. See, it's going perfectly. Roger. I said. Or I'll get you. Roger. Roger. Roger. I'll be, or I'll get you. I'll be, or I'll get you. You're on day. I'm getting pound. That's what it sounded like. It's 11 17 at 560 WCB. The beast, the left of your belt in area, beast, you better come back and get it. Okay, it would be pretty embarrassing if you went out in a parking lot. I'm going to cut it to have to make a belt for me and Carlos. Hands filled out. Don't be picking on another man. His lost damn near 60 pounds. 58 pounds. And I'm pretty proud of him. Okay. I'll say one thing. Well, he walked, he made that turn around according to the scale at medical scale. We got, he's got an ass-de-size of a man. Yeah, half-de-size that he used to be there. In fact, that's only one cheek. You know how Vermont and New Hampshire are like side by, side by each as they say. Vermont and New Hampshire. That's one, one cheek is Vermont and the other one's New Hampshire. And he's from that general, like the woods. Oh, this door I definitely got to do. I'm getting soaked up in here. You think it was him? Because you say he smelled real good. Maybe he had some colonel on her. Have it in allergic reaction. Oh, yeah. Yep. Seriously, that's my reaction to the beast. Well, that's because he used to work on a morning show. Uh, wait till you hear what schooluses. Student government passed a resolution Tuesday condemning any attack on Iraq by the Bush administration after a heated debate in a narrow vote. The assembly of hundreds of orders a 20 to 17 vote was read by Vice President Stacey Cornelius. Guess what schooluses? Do I get a hit? No. Well, the newspapers in the daily Texan. I give up. University of Texas. Oh. How do you like that? Not a shocker? Thanks, Muff. It says this makes the statement that the student body of the nation's largest university and in Bush's hometown feel that an unprovoked war is wrong. Said SD 2 year old large representative John Buckley off of the resolution and a key mediator in evenings debate. Ready for that? University of Texas. The eyes of Texas are upon you, George W. And they're not too excited about it. The anti-war resolution taught by most representatives of the San little chance of passing. Condense item was saying, but opposes any preemptive attack against Iraq and Iraqi attack. The bitter debate fought not only the resolution, but the assemblies right to vote on a resolution at all. For those of you who feel it's inappropriate to debate foreign policy within the student government institution, please realize that it's more inappropriate that people die at the hands of the US at Abner, Amber Novak, a journalism graduate student. The votes had a precedent for the assembly said Buckley, who rallied the support until minutes before the meeting start. Ben Durham, a liberal arts representative said supporting a preemptive strike against the Iraqi people directly involved the university. Durham called the US Energy Department's Academic Strategic Alliance's program which involves universities he said in the production research of weapons of mass destruction. Advocates for the resolution argue that the US had supported Saddam previously and a hunger for control of the world's oil supply weight heavily in its push for war. Representatives will be held accountable for their votes at Andrew Dobbs, a communications studies freshman. We will make sure that whoever votes against this resolution will be out of this room next year, Dobbs said. Opposition we give the credibility of the resolution declaration that it's authors, the younger conservatives of Texas vehemently objected to any variation from the congressional package past last week and became our rate of claims that Bush mongers, terrorists, mothers that can handle a truth. University of Texas, they're rising, I'm going to try to do this, but I'm not really sure if this is going to play or not on here this damn thing. I believe when people write songs they write about some kind of love more than likely romantic love which is probably the most inconsistent kind. People have learned to look three or four different people right in their eyes now they say they'll definitely have a dark before they have a nice. But there is one kind of love that's more consistent it's just that kind of love this city, there's anything I can do for you let me know. If you believe that you can do for the issue with a breaching. I'd like to thank everyone in the Motors City Forum making me not be the number one song and this year I never expected it. I'm very, very grateful. Thank you very much. I'm a security center of 1972, Derek in the town of Osiris, October 88. I'm counting down in order to do this day, but his Leila 525, and I'm Max Kickle. Hello, sound of 72. I'm a usual orbiting object. I seek with some light as one last somewhere around the North American continent. But what case you have it's touch-down destination is known only on the big ages. The guest thing is exactly where the satellite is going to end and it's yours. And CKLW will allow you there to pick it up. I could barely hear the killer or the killer from the office or I heard with you at the moment. I am so happy that I can't believe it. I'm so proud of 72. I'm so happy you here with CKLW. I'm a CKLW. I'm a CKLW. I'm always in the mic. One 30! I'm a big ape with Max Kickle and Sally Goll. This is Robin Magimar, a 1970. The Leila Leila, I don't think you're going to mind it. Come on, mom. Terri, let's sit in a blanket and park. Are you ready to remember? You've never believed it. Now, a moment from yesterday. But you were here. In the three of us. Uh-uh, don't touch that dial. I'm so happy you're here. I'm so happy you're here. I'm so happy you're here. I'm so happy you're here. Well, first cookie roll in my new shoes. Then I discovered that Baby Thumpling, finger painter on those contracts, Mr. Dealers saying, oh, with me. So you put my little finger in the pencil shop. Oh, that's so good. No, no, no, we've bonded. And she's like, I got a very 50% off. And with the 50% I saved our bottom new coat. I'm gonna dig with ceiling. I'm a 40% I saved our bottom new dress. The 30% off. Oh, baby. Well, we'll dig with CKLW on Blondie. And what about Baby Dumpling? From $5, tell me what Blondie did with a 30% off. She saved on the new dress. As you brought a day, what a paid dress. You could repaint and put up the new storm windows. And look here. With a 30% I saved on the dress. I bought you a paid brush. Now you can do the storm windows. Here, cookie. Oh, no. She's here. Don't touch me. You're very much an elegant pie. You just want a whopping $5. I'm proud of that. I'm proud of that. Another moment to remember. Next hour. I'm the big A. The big A. The complete control. The day you've shapered you. I've saved this lucky one. The time, day's shapered. And the guests who. I've heard the cuffs from the headlines. And follow your daughter. Come on. Come on. Come on. That's everything. And you have control of me. Here we are in complete control. At the very moment on the day of shaper shows. We rise in shaper eyes at 6. 10 at C.K.L.W. Boys, imagine a nice couple. I think. Take out a new sports-the-fist and soft one. 1117 to 105. To Milwaukee. And on the capitals of New Lion coach. The random play-be-safonoon. Because of your grandiors. And the soft heels. Scouts. Three. There's gold. There's nothing. Goldie. Jeff Johnson. Gilling his shut-out. My clothes. He's singing. He's singing. He's singing. Coffee. I was in a seat. You know what I really like? It's a chocolate milk shake. I know sounds weird. Doing bench rolls. Sink. I'll double you with a ladies' choice. Put your daughter here. Falling. Sink. I'll stage. With your pay. Four. Five. Sink. I'll double you. You. Sink. Sink. Sink. I'll double you. Sink. All right. It's 20 minutes before three. This is Mark Bailey. C.K.O.W. Twenty-twenty news. The heavy snow drop by Mother Nature over the weekend. Just keeping many Detroit suburbs. Plug. Especially north of the big city. Public schools in the Mother City are open today. With the exception of Denby which is closed for furnace repairs. Sarning at 29. Cleveland. 31. Toledo. Twenty-twenty news. C.K.O.W. Three-twenty news. Two-twenty news. The seeds blandly collide withrin. This is Randall Corlere Weil... Twenty-twenty news. C.K.O.W. And the melody and the melody suddenly bend... C.K.O.W.rah! Alternative... Love it, especially Dave Shaper. He was great. Anyway, there's something really smells rankin here So maybe it was the beast. I don't think so. Not seriously. That's why I started gagging you, Carly. There's something Oh, man. Maybe it was the Aradis Nazi. I don't know But it's either somebody dropped a bomb or something. Here's the fact this is I love George over the summer He was great. I'm wondering when the George Rodriguez bubble hit is coming She wants to know when you're coming. I would be sure loved to bubble his head Sign a sweet in my riznacute PSL of YouTube, but not in that way Well, thank goodness we're not okay Work's out for that cuz I'm spoken for it. That's what Tommy Brady said 1127 at 560 WQM is there still a human out there not plunging their guts at VIP sportsbook.com Well, let me tell you you make it a big mistake because I'm spite of all those other ends out They are better be careful. We hand your cash over to when you want to plunge because a lot of those sportsports are located in some tenth world country Like Dave County, but VIP sportsbook.com is the only one you really need to trust because they're unanimously endorsed by all the industry Watchdogs and they're Dutch based in a real country and one of the first online sportsbooks ever and if you go on a roll of a lifetime If you do get lucky you want to be at that time hooked up with the best sportsbook anywhere People you can trust and that's VIP sportsbook.com What if football season going crazy right now get hooked up with them right away if you open your account online You get you a 15% cash sign up bonus. They've got the highest probably odds going anywhere up to 2001 get over to VIP sportsbook.com and play it a book with some real class call one 866 VIP bets that's one 866 VIP BETS and You know, so don't forget like I said sign up on I'd get that 15% cash sign up bonus VIP sportsbook.com where you are the VIP Friday Jelly made from Chris go and done as personal kickstart vibrator inflatable doll Which your dear is your collection we have chains lender John Holmes and Jeff Stratton Cochibrolance couch by the govinsky's blue dress Michael Jackson snow Saddam Hussein's first lover Marachi's fish and candid videos of Bill Clinton. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, you know and the sex museum행ley Jamie헌 is sixth grade three in the Wendy's City pizza Tonight Resettet in the first annual w bless L.S. It's parade of war. Showman! Please! Philadelphia, let him write your name on the dress and get it into L.S. Radio. I'm going to be in here here. So many good records that you're going to be kind of hard to guess. And I'm hard to guess for your favorite artists work. I already put in my bed. I said, I told the boss, they said, man, if the Beatles want to go there and give me a word, how you're going to get there? What a pie, you're going to pay. The onboard, look at that one. The nation is out of the green easier. What are the areas today? Ron Rally, WLS, remember him? Ron Rally? No, they're train monkey. Not another right now. He wasn't used very good. And he was no a Rick Rally. Okay, look at a poll. What did I tell you at the nutscases out there again? 359 votes. You buy an a? No. Who's the hottest in the mall? Mariah Carey 102. That's just because of you. Jew. Ridney Spear 72. Shakira 68, Halle Gary 31. See we didn't have Halle honor earlier because you really screwed up on that big time. By that. 31. J. L. 20. Christina Agala 16, Pauline Rubio 11. Oh, that may seem to want to sit here and cry. Christina Agala couldn't kick in kiss Pauline Rubio's hands. I don't know who that. She couldn't lick her left cheek. He would let nasty fort tongue. She's got that pierced tongue. Oh, she is gross. Tom Brady 9. She's pretty. Jerry Ryan eight. Pink is got eight. In Greek age got six. He's also very pretty. Madonna six and Tom Alex only got two. This audience is not into smallville. I don't even know that's probably why I forgot to watch it on. I'll just take that. I'll just take that. I'll just take that. You came back to start stalker. I'm not talking about smallville anymore. I killed September with too much time is welling and swelling. No more. I'll just keep it to myself. Okay. Well, not talking about that's what my girl said. How much of that fact talk. Kill the show. He's a dancer. Too much gay Bander kills the show. The social propaganda. Yeah. But men 18 plus I brought us back. And that's because I got all those old cockers out. I mean all those old codgers. Yeah. Did must figure out what that was in. No, not till we get the actual book. And what does the book come in. Ask him off. She'd be forced. He goes out to lunch. Find out when the actual physical book comes in. Probably Monday. And, of course, you won't be here on Monday. No, you'll be tuned. Okay, here's the promo. Here's a whole bunch of him for you. Join Mark Hart. lemonade and Joe Costello this afternoon three to five in the publics on u.s. one and south was two o'clock street in Miami stop by the win prizes registered when tickets to the big race in November I have no idea what that means so what would it is the race of a name wouldn't you think I don't care look for the QM fan from new to a gustman chado forward tomorrow at twelve hundred north west forty nine streets stop by the win prizes in your free food from a landing city sub square i remember the difference it ain't no quiz knows though what is it we're not allowed to say which race why not i heard him say the name belongs to budweiser yeah and i see it it's a my start lemonade promise so we don't want to say budweiser in the same thing anywhere where i remember makes the difference and i see i'm supposed to separate these because we don't want to do bill settle and gustman chowder together but i'm not a space i can lift some space in here we talked about the budweiser okay we talked about budweiser joined George eleven one of our bill titles bull about a saving they don't care anyway bill titles they have no idea who George is what this is all about probably who's it countersat who's it countersat hello americ money mo oh johnny mo johnny mo mo relis he still here you've got a basement me man how can that kids still be here he is as close as the day as long i haven't seen him in like a year if you gave him a compass in a road map he came in here briefly when i came back after my long absence and i said are you still here and he ran out of here him and skippy was right on his ass anyway George will be a bill titles on the north west thirty six three just west twenty seven i have to mind me the reason they don't know about this is probably it's a slider you know what i mean he probably just wrote up the deal and they don't know about it i'm sure fat boy time how to do that stop i don't want crappy prices enjoy free food and my line of city sub where yada yada yada yada yada and said we're gonna get a lot of free plugs now not so many more free plugs for me okay now that defos out of here he gave them a fifty million dollars worth of free plugs that was enough five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line is the rain thing also i want to play today on my real player shot i put it away i guess i'm gonna put it away fold it up pull up my tent there it goes we'll save it more for next running i like playing those i like the other fun even if it was only for just the old jingles and educational educational like they were like real personalities on radio and it wasn't just a jubox and it was fun it was fun to listen to a notch at i'll tell you radio now oh it makes my teethache and make and you know who i listen to briefly yesterday after noon ah god talk about tamper and what did i tell you this man is tamper radio revisited and he does the show in tamper snitch smith shith shith shith shith whatever's name is the spitcho and believe me he lives up to his billing it is a reversible whatever awful but you won't hear work because there's nothing but promos and spots and spots and promos and then once in a while he'll come on he was playing a clip yesterday from the moosey man when i was in for about three minutes and that's all i could take he was playing the moosey man and the moosey man was doing the thing about the duck tying the rope around the duck and he kept playing it over and over and over and that was it was supposed to be funny which it wasn't even funny the first time because we all heard it but he just played that above and they went back to another commercial break he doesn't have any show and what little show he does have is vintage tamper radio it's WFLA that's worst and it's worst it makes blobos i'm good he's an asshole yeah terrible like i said, makes blobos i'm exciting but he's got a number this shisho shisho chit shith shith shith shith shith shith shith shith shith shith shith shith shith shith shith shith he's got a number in there and i would say in fact let's take a look okay 3 to 7 pm is he on all four hours with time is he on? do we know? 36. 36. Well, if thanks, I'll get that six o'clock hour. So let's see. Hank had a 4.4 and men 18 plus. This shish, shish, he had a 4.4 which I still don't understand that. How can I have anything? It's a horrible show. He must just get the slap over from rush. Could he sound like rush junior? He's a dido head. Yeah. But the show is from Tampa and it's also from hunger at the same time. He's out on about the, you know, he's on in Jacksonville. Oh, some really heavy duty markets. Oh, he is out at least in some other markets norm on sur. Twenty-til noon at five, sixty-double to QM. It's really as a shish, shish, shish, mitcho. You know, I don't want to get out of business. Because I knew when I got out of the pit. I'd have to come here. Plus, when you get such a great night sleep, you just want to lay there and snooze away all day. But the deal is a dollar mattress. You can get the same kind of great sleep. If you welcome this morning feeling cranky, or like you didn't sleep awake, then do the smart thing like I always do call these experts at 1-800 mattress like Miguel did. That's the number four dollar mattress when you call these people. You'll be guaranteed a great night sleep for years to come. Now, the mattress carry only the best makers in the universe. They got ceiling and surd a Simmons King coil in every size and every comfort level, which means the mattress you want is in stock available for immediate if not sooner delivery. Recently, it's set up the lovely Miguel with a new bed. He's loving it. Although we did have to, he had to take all his clothes off before they would set it up for him. The posted dollar mattress did what they said they would do. No BS, no excuses, no bait and the swish. Just a comfortable relaxing night sleep for Miguel and his lovely fiancee. Or whatever she is. What is she? I don't know. She's Italian. She's Italian? Like I said, when the crew from Donald mattress got to Miguel's house, they took away the crafty old bedding south and nobody even cooked some pasta. Don't be tempted by stores going out of business who can't deliver it out to the end of the month. Donald mattress offers free delivery. Well, they were boiling water. I'm not sure for a second. You can get a free dollar mattress delivery in just two hours. And we're going to give him two or one of that you provide like new to do. One to three, et cetera, depending on where you live. Don't forget for a limited time delivery is free. So pick him up the phone and call him right now. Sleep like a baby like I do in Miguel and that the, wow. Call 1-800-MACRIS-1800-M8-TT-RES for dollar mattress. Brand name beds for busy and dizzy peeps. I'm in love with this poor 20-year-old baby. I'm in love with this poor 20-year-old baby. I'm in love with this poor 20-year-old baby. I'm in love with this poor 20-year-old baby. You weigh in. Don't have a penis. If you have to log around these good old days, there's more to wait. More than a never-sweet down, think there's something you should know to hear about the world. When my dear comes along, need the way to feel my phone. I just love to get so high. It's the broken crack I buy. So when all my stash is gone, I'll be payment won't belong. Street to my hospital room when my dear comes along. It's time to get it on. It's 1146-560WC on the mad dog and one week got Booshambe. Gonna be on a three from ESPN zone in New York. What does that mean from the ESPN zone? Do we have any idea what that means? Let's be between here and there. Is that near the end zone? What the day wants that, you would find 30 followed by Houder's college football preview with Clarence with Josie and Donnie B. Jr. And then it decay after all that. That's how's the ESPN video overnight because it's Friday. We got that big lead in for Mo on Sunday night, which ain't helping much. Valpo Man found guilty of mutilating chicken. Somebody just asked me this very important story. Valparizo Indiana, another horrible place. A high profile animal abuse case resulted yesterday in a guilty fighting against local resident Michael Busy Abbasicano. The 30-year-old was found guilty of stealing a chicken and made 2001 and killing the animals part of having sex with it at a local motel room. Well, at least he took into a nice motel. As a result of his park-driven record of animal abuse and death Abbasicano was further convicted of a felony charge of cruelty to an animal as well as being labeled a habitual offender. He could face 10 and a half years behind bars when sentenced to number 4. Are you going to tell me something or like, it's a sports bar in Times Square? We don't care. The findings of guilt were made by Porter Superior Court Judge Thomas Weber during one day Benstraau, Fessicano who were orange jailed Garb and shackles, just like what's in the, uh, the Suphi Lady. Look down to a much of the trial only occasionally writing on a note pad to look back at the few people in attendance. Three witnesses testified during the trial, but it was in 11 minutes tape recording that proved to be the the cursed piece of evidence on the tape, which has played over the objections of public defended Dolores Elzworth, Fessicano confesses just as after the crime to Valparais of Police and take to Lieutenant Michael Brickner. Fessicano said he left his Valparais of Motel Room during the evening of May 27 if I'm alive chicken in a ditch alongside a small farm on by Valparais of University Math teacher Wesley Myers. She said he put the animal in his car when questioned by Brickner as to why he replied to have sex with it. Fessicano goes out of the describe a detail how he put the birds head under its wing, so it would sleep and that he took it back to the Motel Room for sex. The animal died while in the room and said he threw it to the remains in a wooded area in your Myers farm. Brickner said during testimony couldn't find the chicken, though Valparais of Motel operator Charlstein even on Neil to the court earlier in the day found blood feathers and chicken feet in the room after Bessicano left on May 28, 2001. The stain bedding was turned over to Bessicano's mother, who paid $80 for the damage so Renio. How old was this guy? 32. 32. He must be another Barry Jackass. Upon questioning by Ellsworth on Neil said that we're no complaints about noise coming from the room. We say you know to find police after remembering a news article concerning an early offensive, involving Bessicano an animal. Myers said none of his animals have ever escaped his property to reach the ditch where Bessicano Fender will find the chicken. He also reported two chickens were missing when he returned home from a trip. Porter County deputy prosecutors Blair Todd who arranged for all three witnesses in said it's obvious Bessicano went to the farm property to take the chicken. Ellsworth declined the opportunity to go under for his a cape on. Ellsworth, he also tells words to climb the opportunity. Oh no. See, I'm never going to find. Viscita, my glasses off. I'll never find it. I'm getting pound. Yeah. Ellsworth declined the chance to go witnesses for the defense, but use the lack of a carcass or I wouldn't as to argue that prosecutors failed to prove her clients guilt. Weber took a short break before returning to find Bessicano guilty. They missed him in the charge of a coolly doing animal. And a fellow in the theft based on an early animal, Biscon Viction of Alving A Rotweiler dog. Oh, in 1993, Weber then found Bessicano guilty of a felony charge of cruelty to an animal. The habitual of Fender status was added as resolved of previous convictions of theft and attempted theft and and and rafes not funny. Could have been a road I would read. Oh, I'll say how tragic. What is the crow when you see him? I know the crow. I just had to put my glasses on. I'm blind as a bat and they'll be calling up Moe Crow and sucking his old ass. So you who you kid who you kidna just because just because he's looking Marlon as now for five minutes. I smelled the crow. I mean, I saw the crow. I just had to put my glasses on. 10 till noon at five sixty W to QM. We got a Zin in votes on there. And some of them are even real. The Mariah Carey ones are all all phony. That was the crow called in the Moe the other day. I like that one. Birds of a fed that go to motels together. That's what I'm hearing. You think Tom Bo did head to light on? Mariah Carey 102 phony votes. He's going to be de-cute. I think when this is all done 392 votes. Who's the hottest of them all? Brittany Spears 81. Shracura 75. Shracura's right on Brittany's ass. And I like the as a register to see that. Halle Berry is moving up 38. J. L. 23. Christina Aguilar 18. Polling a rubio 11. Oh, what? What kind of a crowd have we got? They don't know from her. Jerry Ryan 11. Tom Brady 9. Pink 8. In Greek A. Gracie is 7. Madonna 6 and Tam on a his move all the way up to 3. Edivoy Tommy. He's moved it up to 3. 5. 6705. 60 pound 5. 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. As we continue searching for the reasons why the numbers suck so bad this summer. Could have been all in bed time stories. That might have been it. That's what Miguel said. Too much sure gay batter in bed time stories. W to Q a m. Hey, I don't. Okay. Listen, um, I guess I have to confess. I do listen to the Schmidt. Oh, only reason I do is because I get all my sports from that dog. And if I want to hear something different, is the only one that's on. Yeah. That's true. They're not too many choices on the AM. Do you got the Humper and then you got to that. And then of course the Humper I think is making an advance. I don't want to tell him how to do a show. But that five to six hours just a killer. Email when it's. Uh, it is the same thing every year. The same thing. Oh, I don't know. I don't know where you say guy. I was a. I was never been already. Yeah. And the thing is a super. The law man. The book is that you stray some sort of simple two hours. And then something you know just thing what the super and if you want to be informed with something else. Uh, you go over there and he would he has to say sometimes I can't hear him because he carries on. He's about too much. But he's been. But he doesn't have any show even if you like what he's got to say. There's nothing but commercial zone here. There's no show. That's true. Yeah. Like eight minutes breaks and go. He pretends he's going to say something and get real controversial and all whipped up. And then he's about to say it all the time. Go to a break again. Yeah. He drives it all. Yeah. But like I said, you know, who do you think is good sometimes but sometimes. Yeah. We're going to blame it on Bino. Yeah. Bino's taking the things going to take it. Bino and the crow. Okay. Have a great day, pal. Get out of here. Bino and the crow. They're the problem. Being crow. Who is that? They just stuck his head in here. What's his name? You know, it's gotten to the point now where we got so many people and that's another reason I'm glad the parts of the year that I'm not here. First of all, not being in town is wonderful. But secondly, as just too many people here, I have no idea who they are. Like the last two mornings in a row, I've gone in there to take a leak. And both mornings, there's this kind of hockey young guy. Okay. But I mean, kind of like a hockey and he's got like a little beard kind of like, is he working on a morning show here or is he down a hall? Who is he? I don't know. And he's taking the, and he's like, and when I walk in here, like the look of panic is I don't want to see your goods. Okay. Whoever you are, I'm not, I'm not really interested. And he like, lurches forward like he's like he's tried to hump the urine or something. You know, like he's like wants to get inside of it. Do you have what I'm talking about? You're not a pecker checker. No. And I'm not his. Oh. God, just a thought of it. And now see that ties right in with that story with the chicken and the whole motel. No. You don't know who the guy is. Two mornings and I. He's works. He's a rover. Oh, a rover. Man, both times I go in there and he's like, oh, no, and that's faggot. You know, hey, believe me, we got plenty of faggot in this building. Okay, sweetheart. And I'm not interested in whatever you got there. In addition to what you'd help, it's fine. Anyway, here's the England poll who says to get the, what is it? To get through yesterday. Listen to this show every day. Wanted to wish my eight year old daughter Sarah happy birthday. Could you please? Happy birthday, Sarah. Thanks to England Paul. All this is porting England Paul who's very upset because the Patriots have been sucking Windle last weekend. I'm so sorry. I mean, Tom Brady still looks pretty good, but. And then who we got to play this week? I think, uh, I think they're playing Denver, aren't they? Oh, that could be ugly. Although I'll be honest with you, Denver's like up and down in and out. You know, that old grease mister. They're up and down in and out. And I came probably as in Denver to in it. Come on, Carlos, get with you. Ask somebody. You must know something around here. In fact, wait a minute. I know we wouldn't be carrying that game. What am I looking at our schedule for? It often's got to buy a week. This week, which of course is why Mo was able to take today off and go. Bye, bye, bye. How the town? The Mo Mice do because no dolphin game, even opportunity to go back up to Meso Picqua or can RC, where we're hanging out. Tell all these horrible stories about us. You especially in me, boys. Yeah, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well well, well, well, well, that's great. Well, that's very chill, so more and more speak and more, adversity, so let's go, good gün, butterl Rocket, Gabriel, good 안녕, good, let's know the doors for more times and more Great TheresdLaughing for the Night of Yumi's Emergenene world. Please, débline. without any more you can make this future dish, a step ahead and later show Like a scared little girl. It's nothing to play like a little girl, but a scared little girl with a bad haircut Hello, it beat it well the one-off on wq I guess it's Madonna, you're a singer or an actress, you're a mother, but emphasis is first children No, it's my priority is asked Very important. Very important. Yeah, there is if you could only one thing it would be Go down you've always been good at that right? Haven't you totally people like to see go down. Yeah, yeah, yeah, like writing to absolutely Yeah, love it that'll work back with more don't go away and bring a heck of a share from the tissue or two Don't forget Don't be frustrated. I suppose one at five sixty wq. I'm happy Friday two. We got the mad dog at one mad dog did the day once that show my mom was just tell me Aren't you impressed by that? Well, he's trying to keep me informed because they screwed up the other day when they tell me the gyros was doing a mad dog show on Wednesday They screwed up real bad on that. I was like psychotic when I know now. I really a big deal I'll assume but but it's it's something for them to do you know I would got two people making scheduled or who makes the schedules this clearance make the schedule or muff far as I know it's clear it's Let's make the schedule. I don't really care about that as long as he keeps bringing me the paychecks And I noticed that since I've been back he's always bringing me like more than one check I got some checks and you're not really sure if they're mine or how they're just a whole bunch of them Which are like that. No, you're not yet. It's not your time yet Carlos Don't be extending the hand of friendship when the checks are being thrown around. It's not your time yet Duck by the way said it's almost time for lunch, but first he's gonna go up and down to hallways bad numbers and kill some people Not that he's upset about about the numbers, but he would just like to kill some people Two minutes after noon at five 16. In fact he said he was gonna start with George, but then he saw that I had the bad month And he gave me that evil eye, you know He gave me the real evil eye. That was yes. Oh, I was speaking of that army officer. It's beating soldiers with Dildo Yes, a Russian company commanders have ended beating soldiers with a Dildo Maybe it's the one he stole from Roy Captain Demir Iliasov This is not I checked this is a real story. I know it sounds Iliasov received a tear suspended sentence for battering his importance with a black lay text Baton shaped like a male sex organ That is the one we used to have it here that Roy stole Oh, man, if they would have just known that's grand was we have our baton There it goes The soldiers harvest at the military court hearing that the commander only hit them lightly in other words They were lightly whipped killed according to the Gazeta the straight came to light after pressure Russian Ross Lawn matchnev deserted from the humans based on the town of Verknaia, Pishmau He was recaptured and full of their oh there look at that that's a but and that's got a handle on it to it's got a guy Woo, where did that come from? Oh? That's a beauty that's got like a policeman's handgun like a nightstick. It's not a nightstick. It's a night Something that rhymes with stick. Yeah, Roy What's a good thing that it's a good thing that Muff got out of here before you whip this maybe I'll let me just hold the dock Johnson man handler Yeah, it came with it so much He went to mo come back on Monday morning, you know what? I think I'm gonna like stand the window there while he's on don't don't miss places baby It says a and just whip this out show him a thing or two. Okay a firm full filling On a handle wow Look at that thing man Now seriously, it's a good and in fact it's a good thing you didn't have this out when another crow Oh, I hear either because I'm dark folks for some reason. They see one of these no I stop all around like pinball machines exactly what they're talking about really awesome heavy duty damage with this thing Anyway He was recaptured military prosecutors intended to charge him with desertion But the soldiers said he flat after being unable to put up with the relentless taughtting that Illiasov is company commander directed at him the prosecutors checked the soldiers claims which sure ought to be true The captain cured out so called night formations in his unit Waking the soldiers at nightlining them up to check their uniforms those who were not looking after the uniforms properly We're beaten with a dildo which Aliasov had bought an A sex shop Well, I bet you they got some of these oh yeah, just like this one an Amsterdam Actually there's one sex shop in Amsterdam on a corner of the root of gasoline where they have a golden dildo It's on a string and it keeps like bouncing up and down Bob gets it bombs and weaves and moves 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and it's appropriate that we have this. It's very very very Falle after we got screwed with these bad summer numbers Look at that. Mariah Carey still stuck at 102. I can't imagine why maybe the nut case had to go out to lunch Paul today who's the hottest of them all Britney Spears 87 Shakira 81 Hallie Barry 44. She's moving up fast J. Lowe 25 Christine Aguilar 18 pollina Rubio still got love. They just don't know who she is Jerry Ryan 11 Tom Brady 10 pink. We have a nine and Reke's seven Madonna six and Tamalyn three Well, I've business where Madonna's got six and Tamalyn's got three Reaves and Fury need to meet what is that this came in the package. It's the strawberry flavor notion lotion Oh That's motion lotion brand sexual lubricant. Well president Bush was on board Air Force one that they have 911 2001 attacks he was unable to hold video conferences Monitor and news coverage properly or receive key data from people on the ground business we've reported in its newest edition The magazine said this resolute communications in adequacies on the presidential plane Bush order the equipment on the fleet of four presidential planes to be upgraded the president was not happy Admiral James Ellis Jr. Commander of the US military strategic command was quoted as saying in November for issue He couldn't even watch CNN Ellis added the day that Bush flew around the company for a safety after the attacks in New York and Washington It was only when Bush landed at Off at Air Force base in Nebraska that he was able to use a Stratcom sophisticated equipment to add to access the situation and give orders the magazine said Air Force Colonel Robert Hudson was quoted as saying less than fifty million dollars a made available after the 911 2000 one to upgrade the presidential planes and two of them have already been completed Couldn't even watch CNN how do you like that? Or cartoon that were or cartoon that work which really frosted his ass God oh, I love this story Pumpkin carving kit firm Susan Martha Stewart Yeah, true story A company that sells pumpkin carving kits as filed a lawsuit accusing Martha Stewart's company of patent infringement adding to the domestic Deva's legal woes So right Denver based pumpkin masters alleged an a federal lawsuit filed Wednesday that Martha Stewart living on the media ink is Marketing and selling pumpkin carving kits that violate its patent Pumpkin masters is seeking unsfessive i damages company officials could of course not be rich for coming because everybody's mom They're probably carving them because it's getting close Store it is chief executive in chairman of the company bearing her name a message left Wednesday Now the company's public relations firm was not returned pumpkin masters lawsuit against Stewart is the latest of several the company has Filed around Halloween when various pumpkin decoration kits hit the market past defendants included Kmart Corp and craft general foods ink Unfortunately, I don't see Walmart on there, so Sorry about that. Oh, well, I tried for it Don't forget to say to no enjoy that party I can't we save Budweiser Don't say that the big Budweiser race Join marks heart lemonade and Joe Costello the afternoon three to five at publics on US one and Southwest 204 street in Miami Stopped when prices register when tickets to the big race in November and ask them how come meals numbers were so bad in September and George's races Rainy so mediocre all summer long and ask them how come his numbers sucked Huh, I just waved in this around like a wild man. I'll turn like a magic wand. It is big and black like with a handle I never saw one like that with like a like a night stick So you can get a nice firm grip. Yeah, it's a Haven't it's afternoon at five 60 WQA. I'll tell you's got a grip on life and that's Tom Lamin on their hell at party Act GMC He's got a firm grasp on the situation which is why they keep giving you such great deals to make sure you keep coming back and people do That's why they're still going strong after 35 years and that same amazing location and with Halloween here Tom says no tricks this year just treats It's the great 0% Halloween event. It's going on right now at hell it with a pro credit you heard right from GMAC You can get 0% financing up to 60 months on all 2002 Pontiac GMC models and select 2003s or take your rebate up to four grand here's even more good news no payments for 90 days Check out the complete line of GMC SUVs including the envoy voted by motor trend as SUV the year and see the all new Pontiac Vibus UV vibes got the power of a big fancy sports car But like I always tell you at the fresh in the price and it definitely ain't no Corvette Alex also got a stupidest great dependable selection of fine-used car trucks and SUVs And if you're worried about your credit to the other guys and town just laugh at you when you walk on the lot Hell it will cut you deal no matter what the deal is It's the great 0% Halloween event going on right now and hell at Pontiac GMC at 13411 South Dixie Highway that's on US one right across the street from the falls open every single day seven days a week You can give them a call 305 238 4040 that's 305 238 40 the pediatrics this weekend hop on down to hell at Pontiac GMC Who be professional great my and local Why do you best dude? Ladies and gentlemen the former president of the United States good morning This is the former president of the United States and current king of the chapical happy hour Bill silver fox Clinton How are you? Recently people have begun to blame me for the sorry state of the economy I'm here to tell you that when I was an office I did nothing wrong More accurately I did absolutely nothing at all Sure, I signed a few bills made a couple of speeches but mostly I just ate pistachio ice cream and took pornographic pictures of my dog buddy I'm this and barely I have a new dog now, but I'll never forget buddy Case you don't remember he was running down by some debutile of the stick so far for Kester She apparently didn't see a lot of animal wander list of slain front of her beaver The father sent me a box the hand-rolled Cubans to make a man's Of course I already have all the grounds keepers. I need If you recall the economy was walled a wall and tree top tall when I was your commander in chief Of course I could have had something to do with the fact that I was feeding out on green spam cumin in like cough syrup People seem to enjoy having a buffoon and office. That's why I'm encouraging my wife Hillary to run Actually the real reason not like to see her run for president, so I can get some kuchi up in here Can you imagine having to be saddled up with Hillary last night when I was lying in bed I rolled over and caught the shadow of her on the wall Swire it look like out for hitchcock What if finally did splash down in bed? It's Harry legs caught me in four places. I needed 13 stitches and a technique shot But I didn't mean them attractive emergency room nurse. Oh I'm here to announce a special deal to boost the sagging economy I built Clinton former president of the United States I'm going to begin to open a string of karaoke bars across this great country of ours Paper's already been signed for a location in Albuquerque, New Mexico Eugene, Oregon and I'm dealing with the Disney people to try to secure jelly rolls I'm the boardwalk take over that whole deal. There's only couple rules the bill Clinton karaoke bar Women must be topless and you can't have a stink on you. I love you Mark. I miss you 16 at 5. 16 every 2 QAM. Are we not what the calls are what are they doing with us? We don't know 5.67. Oh, because I got a whole bunch of bedtime stories here that I haven't gotten to for example If the I-wons of possible terrorist attack against transportation systems and right on the heels of that story Report US unprepared for another terror attack. Oh, really? Uh-oh WQAM Yes, uh-uh, new yes, sir. Oh, okay You buddy WQAM Like I said, I think the calls are done WQAM Wow, okay, let's get back like I said to my baby I didn't I say I thought that they were finished. Yeah, I might have been weedgen, but I guess they were finished F the I-wons of possible terrorist attack against transportation systems the FBI should warrant a state and local enforcement officials nationwide yesterday about a possible attack soon against transportation systems especially railroads Officials said the warning based on information obtained from Alcada prisoners suggested that terrorist may try to take out bridges Key sections of fracture train engines and an effort to cause the relments and widespread damage Homeland security directed Tom Ridge was contact in key state and local officials to urge their health and vigilance and warning off any such attack Have you noticed by the way didn't increase the warning? The light no now not this close to the election it's stuck on yellow baby every new see how the traffic lights Sometimes get stuck that's this one is stuck New York governor George Pataki said there are threats and those out there who will look into his arm here in the US Very profound George He said rich did not identify any specific target in New York even so Pataki said we've contacted the MTA the port authority Local on force me put out an advisory across the state to make sure that the public is vigilant and we are vigilent protecting public services and Infrastructure points across this state Separately US intelligence has learned that Alcada's fort is maybe finding strikes on ships in the Persian Gulf and nearby seas have on official speaking Of course on traditional anonymity and right in line with that which doesn't Help you feel greatly confident The next terrorist attack in C.S. could be more deadly and disrupted than the 911 attacks former top government officials Academics and business leaders warn they knew report America ruins dangerously unprepared to prevent a respond to a catastrophic terrorist attack on US soil Said the task force shared by former senators Gary Harder Colorado and Ward Redmond of a new Hampshire the report was released late yesterday Fuchships trucks and trains the interview S.E.C. they are searched to report said emergency personnel are unprepared for chemical or biological attacks Or else we find reason energy distribution lines could be sabotaged state and local police to lack access to state department terrorist watch lists When it comes to combating terrorism the police officers on the beat are effectively operating deaf dumb and blind It said that sounds like we all confidence ought to be high or maybe we all ought to be just high The report comes a week after C.I.A. director George ten award that Osama Yamama's al-Qaeda network is likely to strike again against the west sometime soon And that the current situation in similar to what existed before 911 attacks Tenet previously said a terrorist attack would be more likely if the US takes military action against Iraq Because the US pass without a major terrorist attack against the west the report says there already are signs that Americans are Lapsing back into complacency That's why when you go in the team them there in a morning and somebody's taken a leak off to your right there And lurching all over the urinal you know who it is you damn well better find out who it is Especially somebody like a little beer little growth they could be packin a bomb he had a little growth That's probably why I was hiding and lurched inside that that's what it works for me Rubin and Hart and I had led a previous commission whose warnings in January of 2000 mod of the likelihood of catastrophic terrorist attacks Seeing prophetic a month later That commission created by Congress had the threat of international terrorism was growing and recommended creating that homeland security agency with that big stiff time ridge Heart and rudiment's latest panel was formed by the council on four relations at 17 members include former secretary of state Warren Christopher George You'll at a much of other go in In a forward Leslie H. Guelbe the council's president noted that federal state local officials have taken many steps to strengthen homeland security But the effects won't be seen for some time You can't turn a nation in his large and complex as this one on a dime Guelbe road the office of homeland security is Reviewing the council's report said spokesman Gordon John Drow he said many of its suggestions are similar to what pushes proposed We continued to implement what we can and we're hopeful the Congress will appropriate and neck the homeland security initiative the president placed before them and the becoza And they're all twirling their thumbs in the anchored into a instant Non-Rushions will not be freed Tetch and rebels have no intention of releasing dozens of non-Rushions being held in that mask off theater diplomat said you say anything to on us No, because they're still doing post sniper hysteria Although I will say we were very lucky again with that letter Leon Harris piece when you interviewed the kids daddy and Jamaica That that was what was that nothing? Man that meat Thank you very much. I saw them at the barbecue. Oh my gosh It's been had been hoped that about 75 foreign nation's from 14 countries would be free today Despite a series of earlier disappointments some Russians and children were released during the two-day siege including seven adults in a children on Friday But diplomatic sources that told CNN that talks involving workers from the international committee of the Red Cross have broken down and that rebels are Reposing to free non-Rushions at this stage about 75 of these 700 hostages Helpsens was there talk to be from the US Britain and Netherlands Needleons Australia Austrian Germany CNN's Matthew Tancid the rebels are saying they are keeping these non-Rushions to draw attention and keeping their national focus on the Plot of the Chechens and the cause they are fighting for they've dashed the hopes that have had been raised considerably. They've dashed it I got a very long piece by the way on the John Williams guy aka Mohammed the shorts And his kid and his a phony kid step on cracker and honey kid But I don't think I want to well waste my time with it. You want it or why why? It's boring. Well That's just boring, but everybody in the world that's all that's on now for Christ saying something has to happen here in Congress To make it mandatory the police just have to fill out this reform and see what I'm saying Fuck, I'm not talking something else. I'll save that. I'll put it off to the side for like Monday Because we sure as hell won't have no phone calls on Monday either I'm just to prove the point WQAM Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay George you should do this promotion from To the summer hours from I think it's a club at land. This you should have like some boxing at night You know, I would love to see you and moko at it now. Okay good WQAM Good afternoon, Neil. Yes, sir. Good afternoon. How are you doing sir? Okay? Uh, you doing the real radio bits today I'm not listening now about listening tonight when I go home. Yeah. I'd like to respond to a fact you got last week from a listener One to know how to record your show Look at VCR up to your computer just like uh you would a camcorder. Yeah A little mini plug that plugs in the speaker outlet. Yeah, and to our say plugs plug in the back of VCR There you go and just like magic I was I've been looking at real radio this week Sunny Fox was a KHA I don't know if it's the same sunny fox oh and you know the satisfaction Satisfaction 440 that has all the air personalities. Yeah, somebody posted you on there Really they only have you working a QAM they don't have your background. Thank you for that But I enjoy your show Neil and uh Keep up the good work. Yeah, we did do some real radio shoot not not a lot but we did the few minutes of it I'll hear it tonight. Okay. Thanks. Thank you. See you. So there you go. There's your technical answers Don't ask Carlos for technical answers because he pretends you don't even own a computer Much less than anything about it that damn audio. What is it called that uh that crap out of it? Ado, oh, Ado where oh man don't let him pet it at that. Where he must have some stock in that company or something You you install that thing and you run it and man all of a sudden every pop-up ad that was ever invented within 30 minutes is on your computer It takes you like six hours just to get rid of them Ado where and I think that's what it means there were where there's a bunch of ads out there and they're good like a magnet like a magnet They drum right your damn computer They suck them in QAM WQAM Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay It's good to talk to you and it's great speaking to you so far I'm a long time listener My father and me at listening you up for years lightning round days when I used to call you in the afternoon Yeah, well, we don't have to worry about that anymore because anytime I do take calls it turns into a lightning round anyway, so it's you know I know I just wanted to say something I spoke in the George And he's very intelligent very articulate me here I would rather have the Neil Rogers show as my dad and I knew it all those years ago I feel very unfortunate That or or however you would say that you are no longer taking calls and having discourse with listeners in this town This is just an indication of where this town and south Florida is going to crap Fortune it it said Well, you see basically what it was not who's this about 150 sports nerds are called a sports show and they keep them going and And that's the same people over and over again every day and all the shows and other than that There are no colors anymore. Nobody here has anything to say well It's not I don't have anything to say either, but I just I want to tell you that that the kick the co-communication between your listeners and you is What I felt made your show What it was I don't know Starting Monday we're going right back to that all calls all day No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no more bedtime stories We're gonna put the impression of her all so we can bring a paycheck. I want this going weeding on here Nobody under the age of 100 once you're some old man reading on a radio That's not true. Oh my friends and I do and I represent the 40 plus crowd in this town We miss you we miss what you do what you stand for yeah, and I'm not and I'm not given up on you I still believe in you Well, God bless you. I know have a great have a great weekend See that was very great. He believes in me. He believes in that's great. He thinks I can still even in my advanced stage You pull one out of the hat Rabbit chicken whatever hell it might be chicken yeah, or maybe one of these Big black a Ben That's gonna spend me to play big black. I name Ben right after the break We got a big black deal over here the size of Mount Rushmore eat your heart out John Holmes What are you laughing about he thought he was I got news for a John Holmes wasn't in the same league with this Fairway and come to think of being able to drive sales people out of the studio with that thing. Yeah, Jason right out of there Hands up man. Troy press. He's this still run right in here just like Roy No, sorry You're freezing the burrow process. I'm getting pound 26 past noon at five 60 W to come you don't think trade subarrow plastic is once Yeah, I saw the code there in the doorway that was a very depressing. I was having a good day until then. He just he's not a bad guy He smells like a French warehouse Uh, am I right? Do you could you smell him? Say Carlos knows that the door open up and what's that? Well, I 40 pounds a cashmoo bouquet Well, I mean, what would you rather have a shivers of this smells better when it's got like a lot of talking powder on the cupboard up Anyway, if you love your home, but you need more space here's the answer you do what lots of smart people out there Doory and George too call strictly additions Whether you have an a baby and you need another room Maybe you're converting your car port or patio into more living space Maybe you went into business for yourself. You want to make a home orifice for whatever activities You may be having going on subversive or otherwise cost strictly additions There you one stop shop your more space for your place place with an absolutely worth for your approach to expanding your living space Those no shows by the contractors in gonna happen in complete work no way Jose No unexpected bills no worries about the job not getting done right and they take your air-beat last Possibility tail they drop all your blueprints. They get the building permits and all the inspections Strictly it is just got an easy five step approach to total customers satisfaction first of all Call of schedule or free project evaluation to plummet at your home where a project estimatable to determine the scope of your addition Secondly, they schedule a bit of plumbing there can be new tour or where you get a detailed proposal on an exact price for the work Third, they select your finishing touches or somebody select them and then go to contract for this is probably the worst piece of copy of her head my life And that covers a lot of territory nice going PD Lenny out there in Vegas and even money around there They all know that he's an asshole review the design and architecture drugs and then last but not least Sit back relaxes your dream edition moves ahead on schedule with unbeatable quality that's the way it works when you call strictly additions Just call them at nine five four seven nine one eighty one hundred you can take a peek at what they do in our annual pages They serve all a brown and south Pongabeech County to make a long story short their license and ensure professionals We want to do you a super job call nine five four seven nine one eighty one hundred and tell them that old PD Lenny told you to call strictly addition I Doeneh I'm not gonna let you go, Ali! Hey Jay! You fat girl! Did you eat the ice connolly? That was hungry, Ali. Oh, geez, I wanted it, I can only! Yeah, I had it, I wanted it. The sopranoves. Christopher, let me talk to you. Yeah, talk to this guy, go past me, my butt will being. What, what, Tony? My butt, today I don't think of these cargo pants. I'm only gonna wax somebody. We don't do that anymore in this show. It's all about financial pain, but it's the no-o-lies and that pressure in the diet. The sopranoves. Should have been me and heck of. My love, sir. My sweet cat. Bobby, can I fix this and chicken my salad? How about some scoom jelly? I saw it. Now I have about past and beans. The rest, shit. It's, it shouldn't be me, come on. I love that. Oh, God, my cat. The sopranos. David Chase has done it again. Who could believe he could take a fast-paced, or breaking series and make it look like blossom? What? Remember the girl with a big horn? The kid who said, Oh, metal. I'm using my underpants. My underpants. We're my underpants. Maybe David LaShaze was not his name. From blossom. I do remember that show very well. What a disappointment he threw it out to me. Good for Chris. He never grew up. He was like, he had Robbie Benson disease. 1233 at 5.60, W.C. Speaking of celebrities, I almost forgot what all these great calls we had. I almost forgot the important left over slapover from halfway two day. Joan Crawford's wild sex capades. What? Didn't she dare or something? Something, yeah. No, seriously, this is good stuff. Screen legend Joan Crawford who was a sexual dynamo who used your bedroom's prowess to seduce on her with biggest stars, both male and female. Among her many conquest, Douglas Fairbanks, Jr. Clark Gable, Spencer Traci, Barbara Stanwick, who had that big valley. And Martha Ray, according to the blockbuster new book, Joan Crawford, the essential biography, University Press of Kentucky. For all his good looks, Doug was not that sexually experienced. He's quoted as saying about Second Hubby Fairbanks, and a shocking tell all to him. I think I taught him plenty of new tricks and from then on. He was putting in my hands. The five times what actress who got a cancer at age of 73 and 1977, once declared that Clark Gable was the best gushing love-making never felt with anyone like it did with Clark. Was that Gable or Kent? The book says that the highly sex star fell hard for Gable, even though they were both married to other people at the time. Authors Lawrence J. Quark, her friend and confidant for 30 years, and William Scholl wrote, there is one, this is one of the few occasions where Joan urged her lover to leave his wife and marry her. Crawford was married to Franchaut Tone, member actor Franchaut Tone? No, oh. Well, this is for old now, and he got all the old menless than this is for us. Screw you, punk. Crawford was married to actor Franchaut Tone, she had an affair with Spencer Tracy during the filming of the 1930 and drama, Manicon. His drinking was really a problem she laid a revealed. He would show for romantic scenes with beer and onion breath. I was supposed to act all of a w with him when I wanted to gag. He was like a big child who needed to be spank. Oh, great. He managed F. Chandler had several affairs with Crawford, and he was financially broke things off of them. She was very fond of Jeffrey Ray Tracadum, says longtime pal Jerry Asher in the book. He was in love with her however he took it hard. And Crawford didn't limit her sexual contests until he'd eaten many. She was confided to an act to Asher that she had in the fair with big valley star, Barbara Stanwick, while they were neighbors in LA's Tony Brentwood section. The book quotes Stanwick's former press agent, Helen Ferguson is saying, there's no doubt in my mind that Joan and Barbara were in a bit more than one occasion. Oh, doubt in my mind that Barbara Stanwick was one of those. Dikes? Yes. Dikes with a big valley? What about Joan Crawford with a big shoulder pads? And the office, they comic Martha Ray, whose teeth by the way are still soaking in that glass. Conig Martha Ray also claimed it would head in the fair with Crawford. Oscar winner for 1945's Mildred Pierce, as well Crawford had trist with several young actresses on her early films they write. But John Wayne was one of the few men who slipped through her fingers. The Duke was newly married when they film 1942's reunion in France and was in no mood to fool around with that pitch. Even in later years Joan would feel about the man who got away. Remember the man who got away from what was that movie star's born? That's right. You remember the good one though, with Judy Carolyn and James Mason? No. You remember the crappy one with Barbara, for eyestrison, and the Chris Christopheerson, which I avoided that poison? Ah, poison. That movie needed to be remade like Dracula needs to be made. Not. Okay, there's only one Dracula. And need to be made like Sherlock Holmes needs to be remade. There was only one Sherlock Holmes that was razzled bathbone. I guess what they're making it. What? Sherlock Holmes. I know. I know. Who wants to see that? But they're going to address his cocaine addiction. Wow. Wow. And that is exciting. They're going to address the fact that he was in the blow. Even later years Joan would feel about the man who got away about the terrible picture she made because she was so hot former of your writers that allows the movie just because her wanted to get away from sex. We hit it off like Filme and Young and Catcher. Born Lucille, Billy li store in Sant Antonio, Texas Crawford got off to a fast start sexually, seducing her stepfather, Harper-House owner Harry Cassen when she was eleventh. Aw. It wasn't incest and sisted Crawford. We weren't even related. He was gentle and cut, and I let him into it. She showed him the way. She gave him a rowed bath and a compass. I'm going to be ill. But the illicit romance ad the authors made her sexually sophisticated A.J. afterwards he saw sex, especially with older male authority figures as something natural. He owned was very serious about sex, be still again, others he cared about are wanted to assert control over. In other words, he used it as a weapon. You know how that works. No, slaps with it. How's that pull coming? Who's the hottest of them all? Where I curious that 115 votes, I bet 110 are phony from the nutcase. 469 votes my ass. Brittany Spears 98, Shakira 87, Halle Berry has moved it up the ladder fast. Better grab her fast before she gets away. And push these having all kinds of marital problems to ensure. That's what the tabloids have been saying. Oh good. Yeah, excellent. A.J. Low 27, do I say Halle Berry 56? J. Low 27, Christine Aguilar and 19, Pauline and Rubio 14, Tom Brady 14, hey. Jim Ryan 11. I mean Jerry Ryan. Who'd else Jim Ryan? Jerry Ryan 11. A pink 10. They like it pink. Like a triangle. In Greek egg glaciers it's changing again. Ah, damn it. Man. In Greek age got eight Madonna 7 and Tom 113. See that last one really bothers me. I don't mind if he's only got three, but if he's got three Madonna shit. O points. You don't want to say? Because everybody agrees, even the most homophobic of assholes out there, even the president would agree with the tumbleings. I held them a lot more pretty than Madonna. Oh man. Can you even imagine smelling that thing? In fact, maybe maybe maybe that aroma that was in the room before that I was getting gagging over. Remember, start gagging and choking? Maybe that was Madonna. Because she do Laferra and it closed by. Maybe she was passing by in the hood. Huh? Man. I got one with her that thing and woo. Got it. Just about on to pass out. Get the excavation crew out. 21 to 1 at 5, 60 WCM. The mad dog will be a long one of clocked in. And we got booed filling in and we got black gauze. Because thanks up there at the Chicago Arlington for the breeder's cup. And when there's big horse races going on, a hopper is there. Make no mistake about that. Plumgeon is guts out. I'm sure. Do you like to watch the book or would like you to come in? You have to plunge your guts there, but bring up a sack of money and not all that much money either because they got great savings for an all year favorite atkins products. This is your atkins headquarters and don't forget all icons products 25% off every single day. And they got a great selection of new low carb cookies to at the lights. Not just one flavor but 14 different cookies from three different bakers. They're all great peanut butter, chocolate, chocolate chip, lemon, coconut, all sugar free or low carb. Maybe they even have crackers with honey. You can stop by the lights and sample any of their products before you aby them. Try and before you aby them. And the lights also give us a look for the new low carb bread called Synthely low carb bread. A spread some of the new Lenovo jam on it. You got a great low carb breakfast. Do you try it? No. Do you didn't get that low? No. I saw P.D. Lenny there. He was pinching it. And don't forget as your official atkins die retail send in your lights. All the atkins products 25% off every day of your life. And don't forget they're open every day 10 to 10 right there in a corner of the feeds and 441 in Boka. Call him 1-877 low carb tool free or see him on a web at low carb.com. Don't forget the lights of West Boka B or official atkins retail superstore. Why the you breast it's time to get it on. Coming up tonight on inside of behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story we take a good hard stiff look at a startup. They succeeded with an upbeat song about pulling through just when you think you're going to fail. Then they fail. They were swing outsister. You know we still get mail from people about how I'll some change their lives. Line through our teeth swing outsisters Corin Ruuri lives in a sewer of denial refusing to face the fact that are happy little son did f*** all to get her anywhere. I'm sorry for Corin myself. I've come to terms with it. Corin's band made Andy Kano visits her often at the home. I mean five executive fact that we were a pussy band who didn't deserve more than one hit record. No we suck baby we're irrelevant. No no no don't stop to ask now you found a break to make it last. We're lame break out but but but but come on sing with me now Andy please. No. No. If you love me sing with me come on go storm to ask now you found a break to make it last. You got to find a way to what you want to say swing outsister you can't want a pub but that's what makes great television. It's a big juicy something went look at show business tonight on inside the behind.�. 46 at 5.60. W to Q and the mad dog standing by a beard. One o'clock look at this we're standing by also speaking a standing we're sitting or laying for another press conference in Montgomery County. No. Why how many more press conferences do you think we need? A hundred. When you think we'd have fried them both by now I got it over with God I would more important stuff. Fry both their asses is what we say. And then get that relative from Jamaica get him up here to let's take your his ass. He was that was a car. He was a boy. He was a lion here. He hasn't had the best of weeks you know between Kirby pocket and that interview. He'd been better off to sin. Oh George that would be better. 5. 6.705. 60 pounder not a call on that board trying to do a little end of the week maintenance here with a call or not one call but more important than calls. Brittany's got a crush on a bush. That's what that's what it says. This is your fantasy that you've been hoping for but not the bush you had in mind. It says Brittany's spirit's list of potential suitors is topped by George Prescott Bush. The handsome 26 year old University of Texas lost due to an nephew of President George W Bush. The swarney George P. First old Brits Hardering the Summer when the former mouse container girlfriend's fond over his TV appearance in court on CNN. He was the only member of the bush plan to show up to support his sister know well on her drug charges with her donkey face. The gallon move on Brittany over that's her in fact, a way she can get at momentum. She swooned over his handsome cheekbones on magazine pages and even told my source he could be my very own JFK Jr. Hard to believe but it's true kids. The sex pot singer who could probably snag any guy younger than 50 in the nation even went so far to have an intermediary sent letter to Florida Governor Jeb Bush's office. He's the hungstead. It says. The letter explained that Brittany admired George P. Support of a sister and gushed that she'd rarely found anyone to support his family so lovingly and unconditionally. The letter also suggested he contact her and hopes to setting up a meeting. Yeah, right. It says translated. She wants you to call for a date dude but no word. He doesn't do they just drives around in your parking lot in circles and reading. Tasty! Tasty! Tasty! Tasty! Tasty! After a month the intermediary called George P's dad's office to see if an email address was available so Brittany could send a personal message suggesting next time she visits her favorite playground Mimey South Beach they hook up still no response. So, sir reminds me of those strings of email spear said to Prince William to arrange a meeting earlier this year. William also served a giver to shaft. Well that's what she wanted wasn't it? By writing back and saying he was too busy. Maybe George P's lost that he's are keeping him too busy as well. Maybe they know something that nobody else knows. You alright me? No what? Like maybe it don't smell too good in there or something? I'll check. So, yeah. While other young heartthrob actors demand to be waited on hand and put Luscious Josh Hartnett keeps it clean. He washes it a lot I guess. Scrubs it. The black hog down hunk mixed it up with little people recently as he always sorts in Luscious's own laundry and an LA laundry mat. See I'm sorry I'm sorry that yeah no stupid. My spy witness has said Josh he reads magazines in between cycles chats with fans and even shares his own stash of bounce dryer sheets. One star struck preacher and burrowed a bounce not so she could toss it in with a delicate but to give it autograph by Mr. Clean. Isn't that cute? No he's lost it. Oh I love this story. Do I have time for it sure? Because we got a lot of important calls coming in. WQAM. A bigger part no chance. Not a chance. You kidding me? Why? There's a better chance I'm going to leave a million dollars in cash and small bills on your door steps here that I'm going to talk to you as on this show. You got to be dreaming. The little uh... Speaking of a million cash, thief loot's over checking account. What do we say about that? Oh right. Yeah. We like it. Oprah went for he is in a panic after discovering that a computer smart crook hacked into her checking account and still half a million dollars sources say and she's not the only victim. Sources say Oprah's fiancee Stedman Graham's Bank account was also rifle for 150 now the FBI's been called into investigate these 650,000 theft and Oprah fears it's an inside job by someone closer say and sawters. She's paranoid her personal life has turned it in when nightmare confines your friend. To which we say. Oh yeah. Amazingly the TV and publishing titans worth an estimated 900 million didn't even notice the money was missing for at least three months because the amount was too small. That's right. What's the half a million bucks when you got 900 million falls out of her purse all the time to Oprah losing 500,000 is like you losing five bucks as the friend. In fact, Oprah didn't even miss the money at first and still doesn't know how long the thief was operating or 500,000 is all she here she got. No wait to hear this. This will make you sick. Both of you. While half of America's families have a thousand dollars or less under 10th they're checking account, Oprah keeps on average a staggering. Yeah, you're going to be nauseous when you hear this. Take a guess how many million she keeps in her checking account. 20. 12. She keeps on average a staggering. 12 million dollars in her checking account. Sometimes millions more reveals her for a god. Don't be stressed out. Talks your queen reportedly wrote a personal check for more than 50 million when she purchased her 40 to eight or state and not the serial California last year. Well, then that not to make you want to vomit. Okay. The she have talent. No. Can she act? Can she sing? Can she interview? Is she attractive? What other than that? Have you seen her dancing? Oh, she can really do it. She can cut her rod. Yeah. Nice suggestion her is cut the cramp. Oh, now what time was that? Oh, you know what it was? That's my fault. You wanted to lie? You were listening to the computer? No, no, I wasn't listening to it. We were playing the computer before. My fault. Operator error. That's the best. That is one damn terrible numbers. You've heard him play his Grammy performance with Rob Thomas. And on the latest hit with Michelle Branch. Everybody wants Santana on their song. So we've compiled a CD collection of every artist Santana has ever played with. Like M&M. Tools for the fun girls go around the outside. Tell me your mind. Tell me your mind. The Dixie chicks. Andre of the celly. What? It's Santana's Let's For Everyone CD including Unreleased Tracks from Carlos and John Tess. But someday your journey will end. And I'll be there for you as well. Yes, he's a guitar playing horror who will play with anybody except of course, Kelly Clarkson. A moment like this. No way, man. Santana's Licks for Everyone. Order now and receive a personalized one as track for Santana plays your very own birthday song. Call now. Okay, well. Hey, listen, I'm just distracted. Okay, I'm just gonna write and just said about it and we keep a tickets on Monday. That's right. And the mad dog was in here. We had a wonderful chat. He said he had a great day in Michigan. Couldn't understand why I'm in such a great mood today. And I pulled out these 15 checks that Clarence gave me this morning. Also mentioned that Moe wasn't here and then he understood. He said, Oh, right. So that he said because I heard you ask him. Did he say he doesn't get promoted? He said you're talking about my partner, mother, and first what he said. And left his ass off as he was saying it. Hey, Moe, it's not personally at his personal. I take that back at his personal. We just don't like you. We don't like your attitude. We don't like your nasty smelly, pasty to pay. We don't like the pouch, the punch, whatever it hell it is. But I don't like the way you'd dig through out with all these nice people, Carolin and the Beast, all these others. And Browby, guilty. He's got guilty, man. Right where he wants him under his thumb. Sporning, I'm doing the cross over there. Guilty, don't even mention my name. Alam, the Moe, Mister. Very, very sad. But what, what, how can we say? Let's take one or two calls before we get out of here. What do you say? I don't think so. What do you say? They're ringing. They're ringing off the hook now. Because they know what's the end of the week. And they, oh, also I should mention that's for real. What he gravers us. We got a bunch of 10 pair tickets for the Enrique concert to give away on Monday. So talk to all your whole your friends over the weekend and say, Hey, I'll use a fix out there to win into that the Faggot on Monday. Because he's given even if they don't like me. I don't say Marikon. That's right. Karaday, Marikon, Karande. Karande, Simo. WQAM. Hey. Yes, sir. We're not even going to stop this newsy attitude. So what attitude? Newsy. This newsy. Newsy. There's another one. Newsy attitude. WQAM. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. You have a couple of things to go back. You thought about the no promotions. I got to tell you about experience. They were having a QAM thing at a publics. And they made you walk up to the table to roll a dice to get a 6.05. And guess what you got if you won a pen. Woo. Have you do any, baby? So I didn't win the mics. Lemonade pen. But I got to get. I got to buy a six pack. Excellent. And this weekend, if you're up, they might even let you spin the old wheel. It was so hard. Either. OK, have a great weekend, sir. Hey, listen, we don't have any budget. Don't be blaming McGell or, you know, Doreen. She's, he's probably eating up all the profits back there. That's the problem. He can't catch him. McGell. She's very frustrated about it. So as a result, she just eats up all the goddamn profits. That's why we have no promotional budget here at QM. No bumper stickers. No crap. No nothing. The mad dog is next. He's in rare form today. I just have that feeling. And then the books do we're three and then after that, you don't even want to know. Bye, bye, bye. You way out. My uniform aren't yours. I have no life. I have no force in. I have no penis.