I'm not a guy, you can't see me I'm not a guy, you can't see me I'm not a good guy, I'm a good guy You can't see me, you can't see me I'm not a good guy, you can't see me I'm not a good guy, you can't see me I'm not a good guy, you can't see me I'm not a good guy, you can't see me I'm not a good guy, you can't see me I'm not a good guy, you can't see me I'm not a good guy, you can't see me I'm not a good guy, you can't see me I'm not a good guy, you can't see me I'm not a good guy, you can't see me I'm not a good guy, you can't see me I'm not a good guy, you can't see me I'm not a good guy, you can't see me I'm not a good guy, you can't see me We're gonna die in the victory of the world. We're gonna die in the victory of the world. We're gonna die in the victory of the world. We're gonna die in the victory of the world. We're gonna die in the victory of the world. We're gonna die in the victory of the world. We're gonna die in the victory of the world. We're gonna die in the victory of the world. We're gonna die in the victory of the world.unch Best of the年озиants from St.D.licial Why do I you? Bad mood And that's why I think Ajayt 지금까지 have a clip in lipstick I want to tell you You don't talk to like, say you can talk This is the beast I said shut off, I adesso But you're like a father of me. You don't talk to Lam, don't talk to him. Well, not done talking. Then you talk. Okay, I'll be coming. Come here. I want you to meet a friend of mine. Mr. Gumpflum. Why are you, I heard? I'm going to show you the business and the business they coming. Then! The business is coming. There's court sentences you two twenty years in hours. What do you mean, foe? I am the daughter of my mattress. Looks like it will be your bunkmates. The name's more holidaymen. Starburst stage screaming paradise. What's your big old me, coffee? You've got so panless. Thank you. Hey, you can have some. So far, drill, huh? I'm going to make you my wife. Hey, hope it's your stop. God! God! Who got you, Piquilla? All right, shower, time. We got 10 minutes. I used to be safe beneath. Your boat, huh? No man. It load out new in the blaze over there. And so is pretty. Okay. I'm going to call the power. See like that. You know who I am? No, 10 minutes. Don't pick it up now. I'll be a little late. All right. But I didn't expect a great apology on my cousin. I've got a broom in the boat. I can't go. I can't go. I can't go. I can't go. The word no see you now. Thanks. Well, Mr. David. I'm a woman. Jack Jack Gordon. How can I help you? Well, you see more than the. Yeah. I keep getting raped. Two. These are down to shame. John, who can do it right away? Thanks a lot. It's about time. But it's out drop your pair. I said drop your pair. This is ours. Favors don't come to you. You'll know. You'll know. It's rape mode. Three. You'll be charred. That's how we pass the time away. In the game. You'll jail the horse. Oh. 903 at 5. 60. WKOM. What can I say, huh? I'm speechless. And I'm sure you are too. Let's just play that all day. Did I? What do you say? Chor. Let's just play that for four hours. Sounds good to me. Sounds like a winner. Anyway, our poor yesterday. We asked who is the most evil person in South Florida. 787. 787 votes. And you notice the 300. The holy votes for Rush that came in the day before. That got must've taken them day off. But today. Yesterday. Whatever. 787. Mayor Alex Pinguapakania 243 votes. He's the winner. Let's hear it for my. I'm a. Pinguapakania. H. Wayne. Hi, Pinguah. 216. He gave my good battle. Neck and neck right down to the wire. Chor. And then you notice the mispelling was it on there yesterday. Like that or not. It was on there. Yeah. Like that. Chor. Chor. Chor. Chor. You can't roll it if it's only got one. I don't think. You shouldn't roll it if it's only. One. 26. More Howard David did pretty good. 107 breaking the century mark in the crack in the top four. And then it was way down to the small potatoes. Greg read 38. Nick Navarro 37. Out of sight out of mind. And. P.D. Volger only 20. And that's because all the people. He's destroyed our long gone. They're all well for somewhere. Here's our poll today. We do this about every six months. Our religion poll. Which are you? And of course. Catholic ranks booming in South Florida. And the Jews have fled. They'd county like it was a bomb scare. But we'll get to that momentarily. Okay. Here's the religion poll. And there's a, you know, no opinion involved here. I'll always think it involves an opinion. I guess that's what it's about, right? I see. Hurricane Isadora. I asked George before the show. Is this a Jewish hurricane? Is that what that's on about? Isadora? Is he thinking about it? On the new pizza lock opens a week from Monday. I see. Marcie told me said 10 or third. She just left off at the end. I'm sure they're coming. It's been a week. They're coming. They're coming. The Monday. This, uh, this came in after the show. Yes. Monday to 23rd, Trend 1 PM. Oh, isn't that exciting? So right at the end of the show. I consider a much all those pages come flying across my fax machine. And Tuesday morning. We can sit in a nation hash and examine and analyze it. It'll be a big day on Tuesday to 24th. And why is that? Smallvel and trends. Oh, yeah. Not necessarily in that order as far as importance goes. But we think we love to anything out. No, especially I tagged Wick on at the end there. What? Wicka. It's for real. I know Wickens. Which are you? Eighteen. Right. Magnostic, Catholic, Protestant, Board ofain Christian, Jewish, Buddhist, Hindu, Christian, scientist, Mormon, Jehovah's Witness, Scientologist, Moizlum, Sikh, and Wiken. And Wiken, what? Sikh? I just wrote Wicka. Is the name of the religion? It is not Sikh. It's Sikh. Oh. That's how they pronounce it. Captain Singh is going to stab you with his general name. I'm going to talk to him. He said, I'm sick. And I said, well, here's the doctor's number. He said, no thanks. It's Sikh. All right. I'm going to play that bit again. I can't stop. I can't control myself. I'm just invited by the way, Volka Bryant. Those covers for your CD are... Grow test gun unacceptable. Okay. I'm going to go back to the drawing board. See, he said it was just me. That I'm a hypercellist. No, it was not just you. Those are grow test. The disk is great with the exception number two on there. But the covers are unacceptable. And get weathered. Okay. Times of waste and it's already September 20. Get weathered. US threat to stop Iraqi inspections. You know how in the good news is that Carlisce is on the payroll. Oh. See that? What are you laughing about? Yeah. No, we're proud of it. We're proud of it. We made it for a couple of minutes. And now we're about to have a bunch of cheap packaging gun there for the measly Beeslies for the critical read. And all these other people that always try to stole them all folks. And you know, as clearance by hiding in the kitchen, they postponed it one extra day. Yeah. And I'm sure that those few cents that those hours are going to come out to that one day. That's going to that will be the difference between them being solvent or not. $26. They saved by that one. Woo. Heavy duty, baby. I don't want to say to Roma Kent last night, but it was told me about the way that they operate. How they send him checks when he's do a cash and they like they'll post data. Okay. I'll post data. They'll like, one of them was post data like three months. Hey, speaking of checks. My bonus is due today. He is. And not. I don't have a check. Oh, can't. Okay. Don't start in. There's only one thing I can say about your bonus. Yeah. Anyway. So Carlisce, we have finally got him on the payroll. We're getting things moving, baby. I told him. We got 15 program directors and operation managers and assistant executives. Heavy duty stuff. Oh, what's this breaking news? The possibility of targeting perhaps the White House or I got that story here. That's not breaking news. Pilot saw that in ledge. Plot. I got that right here. You've asked, did you you liars? Liers? Did they find him? Didn't have to understand. It was linked to Al Qaeda and had gotten into. Yeah. That's some time not too long earlier. So, but now we hear from sources that this man is actually in U.S. custody. Oh, we are. We are. We're going to have more more detail soon from law enforcement people on exactly who this person is and what they know. So, in these Air Force pilot, U.S. custody, well, here was the story of the preface that. U.S. intelligence agencies are reportedly searching. And now they got him. A student in these Air Force pilot was sitting to be plotting in the hijack and airline or a crash into the White House. That's according to the Washington Times, which quotes U.S. intelligence sources as saying the pilot trained in Afghanistan and is linked to Al Samo Yamama bin Laden's Al Qaeda network. There's been no public come out of the report. But obviously, there is now. U.S. intelligence reports sent U.S. policy makers last week indicated that the missing pilot had entered Canada and was in this country preparing for an attack in Canada. Canadian authorities reportedly say they have no records indicating the pilot head under the country. The pilot's name is said to be known to U.S. intelligence, but of course they're not telling. You ready for that? And we got him, baby. U.S. So let's attack today and next week. This week we're going to do a rack and then next week it's going to be today. And that's basically what they're saying. That's going to be our new foreign policy. We're going to do a tax of deterrence. We're going to invade countries and we're going to like Westernize them of the day like it or not. And the new deterrence game plan of the Bush mice is going to be just went and doubt just to attack. The American Secretary, this is from the BBC news. I love the way it's written and by the way, we've got some links on our website now on eorgias.com links to Lynn Samuel's website and also the news inside of Canada will be getting some more on there. Now that I see how easy that is and how Erica has just been eaten like extra breakfast with easy. What do you mean by that? Oh, well ask your Carlos. Is it difficult to put those links on there? No, it's not difficult at all. Pizza cake. See, ask Carlos. Don't be making excuses for Eric who's been, you know, very busy. Gotta make a living there. Cross to luck if I'll let food. Anyway, this is from the BBC. The American Secretary of State Colin Powell has said the United States will find ways to stop weapons inspectors going back to Iraq unless there was a new UN Security Council resolution on the issue. Addressing a Congressional Committee, Mr. Powell said its security council must spell out to Iraq these serious consequences if it fails to cooperate with the inspectors. The BBC State Department correspondent John Layens has v-west isn't effect giving an ultimatale to the security council. The development came as the chief UN arms inspector Hans Blix told the security council. He hoped to have an advanced party in Iraq on the 15th of October. Mr. Blix later told reporters in the advanced party would go there as soon as possible. We'll select some sites that we think are interesting to go in the early phases. He said so it's not like that it takes two months before we can send any guys out there in the field. It'll be much earlier than that. At the UN Iraqi Foreign Minister, Najee Sabri delivered a message from President Saddam who's saying according to a fusing watchman of lying about Iraq's weapons. Saddam insisted that Baghdad doesn't possess chemical biological or nuclear weapons. Well, one out of three or two out of three in fact. His letter also appeared to qualify Baghdad surprise an husband on Monday that the UN could resume unfettered weapons inspections. In other words, he's made a very bad tactical mistake here. He's open up the door again. We'll close it again. He'll say, in a couple of days he'll say, oh, guess what? I changed my mind. You can do whatever you want. He said any inspectors must respect arrangements on Baghdad sovereignty and security raising fears that Iraq might prevent access to so-called presidential sites and other sensitive areas in other words where he's got all a crap hidden. The White House called a statement, disappointing. Have you really think that they're disappointed by that statement? No, no, because that's exactly what they're looking for. Open the door, baby. Come on, Saddam. Right. Earlier President Bush said a draft resolution to Congress asking it to authorize all necessary to appropriate means to ensure Iraqi compliance with UN resolutions. And it'll be store-pacing security in the region. Mr. Bush also urged the UN Security Council to deal with Iraq or the United States and its allies, Woody said. Mr. Bush said negotiations with the Iraqis were over. They're over, baby. We're going in. Whether anybody likes it or not. Whether it makes sense or not, whether he's got anything serious or not. We're going in. You ready? We're going in. Twelve minutes after nine at five, sixty WQAM and all we can say about that is. Let's just play like I said the whole thing over and over all day. Is there still somebody out there who's not playing at VIPsportsbook.com? I can't even begin to imagine that. Let me tell you then you're missing out on a really great sports book if you're not being doing it. You hear a lot of ads these days, but you need to do some research before you put your heart and can't down at some unstable third world sports book in some place called Yenem's Belt. Let me help you out. VIPsportsbook.com is the only sports book to be unanimously endorsed by the industry watchdogs. They're Dutch-based and they're one of the first online sports books going. So it's seriously, if you want to go on a roll of a lifetime, you want to be with the best sports book anywhere in the universe if you do it. And that's VIPsportsbook.com. The football season of courses in full force just check out those patriots man. They're kicking some serious smelly ass. And you need to be with the best VIPsportsbook.com when the hopper gives y'all the winners. So open an account online and get you a 15% cash on a bonus. Did I mention also they got the highest parliots anywhere is up to 2001. So get over to VIPsportsbook.com and play it a book with serious class. The phone numbers 866 VIP bets 866 VIP bets at the toll free call. So or you can go online like I said and get you that 15% cash bonus for signing up online at VIPsportsbook.com. Or you are the VIP. I know that the Lord even loves the Oradriff. So I know. Lots of bucks they won't in. Lots of bucks they need in. I just got the boot now and my launch got back. Bye bye. I need to get five 60 WQM happy Friday to you. I don't want to get a full free call. I just got the boot now and my launch got back. I need to get five 60 WQM happy Friday to you. I don't know why listen to you and how you get me locked into this crap. What? Wicken. Why did I put that on there? Because it's for real. We got okay look at a votes at a runner. Wicken 7. Oh that's the guy can vote for that. He's not going to vote for that guy. I can vote for that. Wicken my ass. He didn't choose that he would have chosen something else. Just because you made a deal. I think we ought to take that off of there. I never heard of anybody who's a witchcraft person. Wicken they're all over the place. I'm really interesting circles. Maybe you're one of those people of the cockfights. Wicken. Okay hey whatever you say. Johnny Carson here is though he's got him for Sima but he says he's fine. I'm okay. Johnny Carson right now didn't use to smoke on TV on year all the time in the olden days. Right before he came on a separate run. Johnny Carson retired King of late night TV has him for Sima but says it isn't causing any major problems. Is what he said. Carson just finished playing tennis when you learned of a tabloid report that claimed he's seriously ill. The National Enquirer story that the New York Post cited in the end days editions. How did I miss that? So the 76 year old Carson became a virtual reclose of what is luxury yacht. Carson has been grappling with killer emphysema for seven years and wants to stay out of the pubic eye. The supermarket tabloid said an issue on the newsstand. OISY ATHON Newsdance today. Many cases of emphysema which causes shortness of breath can be attributed to cigarette smoking. Boy, it cannot be cured but if cut early as progression can be halted. The former top show host who's smoked on the year for many years. See if I want to just kept reading out of gotten the answer to my own question. Said he learned of the reports after playing tennis for 45 minutes at his point. Do may as state. In Malibu. He confirmed through Carson production spokesman Jeff Sautzing that he's suffering from emphysema. I'm dealing with the bench that I can't talk about because he made your problems. Carson said yacht yacht. He's not spending time at his bluff side of state. Carson cruises in his custom built crippled liquor. 134 boat. There is Johnny. Do you think he could be this year? No. Yeah, it's only the middle of September though. No. Okay. Mark it down. George says no on Johnny Carson. Anyway, Catholic ranks booming in South Florida. By Fred Tasker, remember Fred Tasker Boyo Boyo in a Harold? Oh, God. Catholic ranks booming in South Florida in line with our religion poll today which we want to see would easily do a twice-year-wide give chance to change your mind. Fueled by rapid growth in the Hispanic and Haitian populations. Oh, my God. The Haitians are Catholic? Right, French Catholic. Yes. Don't they like hang a chicken on their door or something? Well, that's, you know, that's Catholic flavored African religion. I see. The number of Catholics in South Florida grew by nearly half a million in the past decade while the Jewish population stayed massive Exodus from Dave County putting down new roots in Browden Palm Beach. Oh, the Catholic growth was echoed across the country and created a- Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha. This is amazing. Increasing 16.2% nationally to more than 62 million members keeping the Catholic Church the nation's largest religious denomination. You can just imagine all those ultra-boys out there now. Religious conservators also boomed according to 2000 religious congregations in membership. A study released yesterday that measured the change in 149 religious groups in the Middle East. In the country from 1990 to 2000. Many of the patterns were pure demographics. South Florida's Hispanic population much of a cat-look grew by over 500,567,000 in those 10 years. It grew by nearly 20 million in the US. And of course those Catholics reproduced like rabbits anyway because they want to keep the Pope happy. That's why we all are starving people all over Latin America. But some appeared to reflect changing views of theology. Church bodies with a highest national growth waited to hear this. Which one would you think it would be? Highest national growth? Right. Mormons. You already saw this. No. You're right. There was a report like a couple of three days ago in that. Church of Jesus Christ of Labor Day Saints are the Mormons. 19.3% increase. The denomination called Christian churches and churches of Christ 18.6% and the assemblies of God. 18.5% Church of Jesus. Such mainline Protestants as Methodist, Episcopalians and Presbyterians, also for the losses locally and nationally. Dammit. They're to moderate. I was astounded to see that by and large the growing churches of those who are nearly called Conservatives said can, Sanctuary, the Glenmary Research Center, which compiled a study. And when I looked at those that were declining most were moderate or liberal churches. So the religionists in America becoming more and more fanatic. That's one of the biggest problems with the USA. More and more fanatical religionists, which we have very few of those here in Canada. And certainly very few in Holland. And in most of Western Europe, I'd say, I ran around any civilized country. The US, I think, is the only westernized country that I can think of. Other than Ireland, where the religionists, the religious fervor, we're still at such a peak, a fever pitch. What I'm trying to say is, Yeah. It didn't surprise local ministers. The nature of worship and worship means worship, or a scrabbing great worth to, cause upon us for a heart commitment for life. Said the Reverend Bill Bud of the University Baptist Church, which has not grown a sanctuary in the Gables and plants and who advises big on. Sunset drive and prestigious already overcrowded candle. It's not just an idea to do in our spare time as a hobby. It's the core of who we are, is the furry tales we believe in what he's saying. Assistant Bishop James Otley of the Pisc of the Lyssey Society's floor to saw differently. People seem to want answers to specific problems, rather than to be wrestling with ideas, they need to feel secure he said. You pisc of peddons lost 6,100 members in South Florida, and over 130,000 nationally in 10 years. A major reason for the growth of Latter Day Saints is its core of proselytizing young missionaries, says win hammered in charge of those activities for the Mormons from Palm Beach to Key West. The Latter Day Saints will soon open new churches and pepper pines and mommy beach. Ever since we were founded back in the 1800s, we've had people out promigating the church, inviting people to join. He said we've got 60,000 missionaries in the world, and about 200 are here. You know something? The magic underwear business. The 80s 13, Wicken 13, Jews 12, agnostic 12, Catlick 7, but they've all turned on us anyway, because they can't handle the truth. Just like the right wingers, Protestant 4, Muslim 2, born again, Christian 2, St. Thomas, one, Prince of the, where does all they Hindus in the 6? And the Mormons, but every time we take this full, we have a decreasing, see they're increasing in numbers, but they're going away from the show. The right here, they're the North, was I make fun of their damn underwear. The missionaries, the Mormon missionaries young men from 19 to 21. All right! Who go door to the end there? They're always very clean cut. They got the white shirts and the ties on and they come on their bicycle? Yes. And go to door to door bring 58 new members a month. He said, another reason for Catholic growth and Dave County is it's growing Haitian population. Many Haitians are Catholic. So in other words, if the Haitian population is increasing, that's why us Jews are moving out. I mean, Hades Jewish population continued a long trend of moving north of the country. And the North of population decreased by almost 80,000 a day. The group by 37,000, Browden 55,000 in Palm Beach. Nationally the number of Jewish adherents grew by 2.7% of the decade, to more than 6 million numbers. Oh, only 6 million is that amazing? I don't part the growth of South, it's pretty tiny. In growth of, in part the growth of South Miami Beach is 20 intertimidrier. Trice elderly Jewish retirees out of the housing market. There said Rabbi Nathan Rose of Temple, San U.L. or Al-Al-Lam. President of the Revitical Association of Greater Miami. In general, as Miami got crowded in Browden, Palm Beach opened up. A lot of people who moved there, another thing with Hurricane Andrew, our congregation in Southwest Kindle was very badly affected by the storm. It blew off the sanctuary roof. A lot of people moved to Browden after that. So it was the hurricane. It wasn't because we were running away from you, Spickson, Haitians and things like that. And sparks as a good. Although. 926 at 560, WQM happy Friday too. Nice to see that the Catholics are growing in numbers because needless to say, that gives us an opportunity to train some good young priests. And of course, they have lots and lots more altar boys. Speaking of that, yes, before I bother to facts these, you might already have these Catholic priests arrested for allegedly finally teenage boy from Boston.com. Yeah, I got it. 424mio high priest over a leg of abuse. Yeah, you got that? I don't know. All right, I'll fix it anyway. Just facts whatever you got, okay? Just relax. I mean, are we doing a new thing that we're going to like kids? We got plenty of facts, paper. You're actually going to work in the whole bunch of crap came out. Well, facts me all the crap you got, okay? We got plenty of time for crap today. Hey, listen, it's a pile of crap to go running around time to get you a new brand mattress. If your back isn't feeling right, if you just not feeling good every day, probably because you're not getting yourself the kind of night sleep you ought to be getting, which has a hell of a lot to do with the way you feel. So get you a great name brand, mattress, the easiest way in the universe. This is the easiest shopping you could ever do. Just want to make one easy call to dial a mattress at 1-800 mattress. 1-800-MATT-R-E-S. And dial a mattress gives you so much more than great service. I should know because I've been using them for years. Just call that number now that tool free number. Get you the ultimate freedom of choice and brand name mattresses from sort of silly Simmons and King Coil. No store in the universe can match their selection or certainly their everyday low prices. Not just some stupid sale once in a while with a bait and swish to top it all off. But exceptionally though prices on exactly the name brand mattress you're looking for. And they give you that 30 day in home-comfort guarantee too, which lets you test out the new mattress the right way by sleeping on up to a month and they give you the delivery deal that's unbeatable anywhere in the world. They let you pick the day of the week, seven days week, whichever one's convenient for you and the two are window when you want them to show up. They'll set up the brand new vending and take away the crappy old one and you'll have a big smile on your force. So if you want to start sleeping the way you're onto and treat your back right, call 1-800-MATT-R-E-S or check them out on that web at mattress.com. We have a full bucket today. Include the double-cable game of articulate athlete of yours. You know that pipes won't get still at it. What? What? What's singing to those songs? They can fund on me. They make fun of me all the time. I don't know. They can't even do that. They can't even do that. They can't even do that. They can't even do that. They can't even do that. They can't even do that. They can't even do that. They make fun of me all the time. I don't know. Why did they do that? They did. Everything will be alright, bro. It can't help me, you're very... You queer? Yeah, too much. Real men don't touch. Only during the game. Yes, master. They want singing. I'll give them singing. Get on a piano. I'm in there. Okay, ma'am. Now, hit it. Back in my day, men was straight. The day is not today. That's why I hit the dollar rate. This got slipkits. Spawn holes were in payback day. Stop it, you're moron. What's the matter, ma'am? I went fell off, I got it. Okay. Where were we? Spawn holes were in payback day. I'll take it from here. The guys that like the worship men... The thing we want to see for the glory of the matter, my dad. Didn't mean to fool the brush-daved kids. Or to tickle hairy taint. Jesus Christ, I really hate. Jesus Christ, let's get out. All right. Hi, 33 at 5.60. WCU, I'm suspecting what is a wicking. They worship a nature, personified by the goddess and the great god, the great goddess. The druidic religion, pre-Christian druidic religion of the gals and England and Iberia. That's what it says. That's your gals, me. I'll say that. It's enough to make me say. But I won't. Emereum elephant, except for our an offered help run the election. Nice going, Mary. We're out by the way, sweetheart, when it's all over and so is David Leahy. You're both out. You're both out. For our county supervisor, elections, Miriam Olafant, reverse through self-yes today. Signing an agreement that would allow 800 county workers help operate the polling places in the November 5 election. Elephant earlier had walked at an agreement, rejecting an advance from county commission, sharewoman Laurie Perish. The county supervisor polling places in the new agreement the county gave up that demand. The county did agree to provide approximately 800 employees who would be responsible for opening and closing the polling places on time and setting the results to the downtown computers for counting. And I'm assuming that most of these people will be under the age of 100. No. Speaking of elections, by the way, well, wait till I get to that story in a second year from what's her name, Linn Landys, environmental news and views about elections. You're going to craft your pants. Anyway, getting back to this one, the employees would be trained at county expense to operate the new touchscreen voting machines and paid at their regular county salaries. This will cost thousands, not millions, the cost is worth it to ensure we'll have a good election said commissioner Ben Graber who helped negotiate the agreement along with commissioner Joseph Egel, a leg of whatever, what kind of a name is that, a guelloton, a guellot, whatever eagle. EGGL-L-ETI-O-N, what kind of a name is that? I'm saying, yeah, right, very, mu- mu-e-legante. The agreement is in attempt to add off another election day to satchel like the one in December 10th, primary when many Broward pulling places open to hours late. Others didn't properly count their votes. EGGL-ETI-O-N, elephant-made a declaration to re-in 1130A and press conference yesterday, which he also accepted responsibility with what were wrong during this September 10th, primary. It's time to make things right, she said. Yeah, right, Mary, I'm your out sweet, aren't you? Under the agreement, elephant will remain election supervisor of the county helping run the general election. Elephant had rejected the idea Wednesday, but agreed to let the county run the election after heavy pressure from state local officials, including Governor Jeb Bush. Broward has nearly a million registered voters the most of any Florida county. This agreement is an oversight to make sure that the polls will open on time, and that the training of our poll workers done in a professional manner elephant said in news conference. But most of all, this is an agreement with the Broward County Commission to say that November 5 will be a successful election. The D&B Broward County said problems as you know taking votes in these September 10th primary, which officials blamed on lack of county poll worker training, failure to practice using new voter systems and poor organization. Elephants decision comes today after Governor Jeb Bush and Secretary of State James Smith asked the U.S. Justice Department for Health and the D&B election. We need some help. In a letter to General John Ascroft, Smith said problems in date and barred rattle competence in the state's efforts to reform its election system, meanwhile civil rights activists and Miami said yesterday that minority voters bore the brunt of elections foul ups. Members of the ACSU, the NAACP and other groups said they collected thousands of effort in the defense from frustrated voters to give Smith along with suggestions to prevent problems in the general election. The U.S. Justice Department said yesterday and absolutely no evidence whatsoever that any civil rights violations are anything of that nature during the primary when some polling places did not open up on time. Others closed early in some votes were not counted in the original tally. He said the Justice Department has broad purposes and lots of options and responded these states request for help. They're reaching out and grabbing you. Robert Sheer writes, one of our favorite writers, Iraq defiant a menace. He says, now we know just how vicious Saddam Hussein can be agreeing to unconditional U.N. inspections of the time of course this is before he changes mine. A green-dumb conditional U.N. inspections at a time when our president had his hearts shut on more is just a sort of mean spirited treachery that one can expect from this modern day Hitler. The only greater betrayal will be if it turns out upon inspection that Iraq is not still building weapons of mass destruction and has no nuclear capability after all. One is Scott Ritter, one time you end weapons inspector and former U.S. Marine recently visited Baghdad is right, in arguing that Saddam's arsenal is a pale shadow of its former self. The creation of that original arsenal of chemical and biological weapons was greatly facilitated by U.S. company sales of a hard way to Iraq, sales that were proved during the 1980s when the administration of Ronald Reagan and George Herbert Walker Bush both sided with Iraq and its war with Iran. These weapons, however, were largely eliminated by previous inspections, what material remains Ritter's argued has deteriorated at the point of uselessness. As for nuclear weapons, Iraq's program lives far behind that of other unstable extremist nations including Iran, North Korea and Pakistan. It was listed sanctions against Pakistan intended when to snoop their program, are building a nuclear plan for power generation in North Korea, and have chosen to ignore Iran's well documented nuclear weapons program. And if concerned over Iraq's nuclear program was truly the issue, we can destroy any suspicious installations from the air as the Israelis did two decades ago in demolishing Iraq's French built nuclear reactor. Still, we must go to war or voters might start focusing on the dismal state of the economy under George W. Stewart ship and return to democratic congressmen of ember elections, right? Fortunately for Bush arguments over Iraq now dominate water cooler talk, rather than group commaseration over the incredible shrinking 401k's, but that can change. A lot of people start asking about that miraculous tax cut that Bush made the centerpiece of his domestic program, and that now has how it's left the national accounts once again floating in red ink. The failure of inspectors to find weapons of mass destruction will make it appear that Bush has been using Iraq as a scapegoat for his own domestic problems. Not to worry though if the inspected failed to find weapons of mass destruction, the Bush administration is still prepared to make the case for what it calls regime change, a fine or well-earned phrase that certainly sounds more sanitary than the old fashion-word war, with all its nasty implications for death and madness. The trick is to make the lack of evidence of such weapons more convincing of their resistance than real evidence would be. That extreme the convenient cap out was the most absurdly expressed by the fence secretary Rumsfeld, who is declared that the absence of evidence of weapons of mass destruction in Iraq should not be considered the absence of evidence. But the guilty no matter what doctrine will ultimately not go down easily with the American public and certainly not worldwide, that's why the president has had to go to the UN and attempt to make the case that Iraq had threatening weapons. That tactic is now backfire, it would be a global embarrassment at Bush at this point turned down, so to move the same to offer of unconditional inspections. But it would also be devastating even spectators went there and finally, US ordnance given to Iraq by Bush's father and Reagan. It was embarrassing enough for the younger Bushness speech to be when, to be reduced to trotting out examples of Iraq war crimes from the days when Saddam was a defectal ally of the US. It's so inconvenient that Iraq did not appear to use any chemical or biological weapons during the Gulf War, or in the decades since, but definitely did back when Saddam was our partner in the war against Iran's Islamic Revolution. The US companies with the permission of the Reagan elder Bush administration supplied Saddam with the ingredients for making such savage weapons. The CIA reported that Iraq was using mustard gas against Iran as early as 1983, and nerve gas against Iranian troops a year later, yet the Reagan administration removed Iraq from its list of terrorist nations that improved the sale of 60 huge helicopters later used to spread lethal chemicals on civilians. The US gave this man what we now call Hitler, one and a half billion dollars in weapons and technology in the five years before the Gulf War. Bush's fallen into a trap of his own design by going to the UN seeking approval, if the inspectors who now go to Iraq find new weaponry, it can easily be destroyed, but that would cheat Bush of an excuse for the war he desperately wants, rights robbered cheer. They want it, baby. They want it, and they're going to get it. Just like winning the election, they're going to get it by hook or by crook. And the masses out there are saying, oh yeah, let's go get them, let's get them. 941 at 560 WQM with your busy lifestyle, you all the energy you can to feel health, especially with the wind and the rain you hear, whatever that means. Only a metastone way to stay healthy because it's a good product. It contains pharmaceutical rate olive oil along with vitamins and minerals and robbles to promote good health for all different parts of your body. They have one specifically designed for your heart, one for your blood pressure, cholesterol and prostate, and it's easy to take, or you may have to come to the softfield capsule that you just pop in your mouth. Only a metastone has to promote health in your circulatory system, your digestive end of consistent your skin, your bones, even your mind, all using the benefits of the finest olive oil, the purest olive oil that money can buy, and only a metastone is outstanding products for men and women as well. If you want to pick some up, you can do it all over town at Whole Food Markets, Walgreens, Sanano's and Avarro Pharmacy, or you can call it a tool for you, or you can call it a tool for your number and then tell you all about how this product works and what can do for you. Call 1-86-Oleoman. That's 1-86-OLE-O-MED, and you can order the products on their website, too, at olio-menamerica.com. You know this is for 256 years. Do you weigh yeah? Why do you? You best too. The material you are about to hear has been adolescently suggestive to a moronic series of edits and changes with no endorsement authorization by those depicted there. We apologize, however, stand by our mission to make everything into good and decent looks ridiculous as possible. Sam Facts, offering superior protection versus the leading competitor, it retains better, so it leaks less. Wow, it's exactly glad. Let's get a busted truck radiator! My new�,�,�,�! No wonder more women choose it. Uliq, slet's the Titanic! Shhhhh! The one, the only tempest. Hi, 45 at 5.60. WDQ-I-M. Let's see, we got the 26th, I'm not 6.24, 80 is 18 Jews. 17 WIKINS, you believe that? 16 Catholics, 7 Protestants and the dumb list. Do you believe that? I think maybe 10 of them are fake. WIKINS? Yeah. Do we have any more magic? Look at that morement list. Oh, man! Well, that's because they're busy on a bushel's right. They're convert people. They don't have time to be votein'. Laptops on their handlebars. They're out there buying some new magic underwear for the holidays. Whatever holidays they might be. So anyway, you're facts me all the stuff about WIKINS and that one piece. I try to find something brief and concise. It's the original pagan. When the Christians refer to the pagans, that's what they're talking about. So we got a bunch of WIKINS running around on the loose? WIKINS? WIKINS? I thought we had enough other going running around after. Now we got WIKINS to your wood, too. Well, that's good. I'm glad you've asked me that, but here it goes. Anyway, Lyn Landies, right? Now who the hell is Lyn Landies? She's a freelancer journalist, specializing in environmental issues. In a radio show host and regular commentary for a BBC radio program, she writes a weekly column which is published on our website www.ecodetalk.org and reports environmental news for DUTV in Philadelphia. Environmental news and views, the elections in America assume crooks are in control, she says. She says, don't blame the poll workers in Florida. The fact supported by voting machine experts and numerous newspaper articles have made it clear, computerized voting machines that were certified by the state of Florida, caused most of the problems in Florida's primary election, and the absence of paper ballots the damage is now irreversible. This was no accident, it's not new and Florida's not alone. The concept is clear, simple, and it works. Computerized voting gives the power of selection without fear of discovery to whomever controls the computer, wrote the authors of Votescam 1992, James and Kenneth Codder both now deceased. It's a must read book about how elections have been electronically and mechanically rigged in the US for decades, and with an owing and sometimes unknowing support of media giants and government officials, including ironically, Janet Reno. That is our monocene. Only a few companies dominate the market for computer voting machines, alarmingly under US federal law, no background checks are required on these companies or their employees, felons and foreigners can and do own computer voting machine companies. Voting machine companies demand the client sign proprietary contracts to protect their trade secrets, which prohibits a thorough inspection of voting machines by outsiders. And unbelievably, it appears that most election officials don't require paper ballots to back up or audit electronic election results. So far lawsuits throughout complete access to inspect voting machines or to require paper ballots so that we can't say possible have failed. As far as we know, some guy from Marsha could be controlling the outcome of computerized elections in the US. In fact, Vycan Corporation in Chicago area company owned by Alex Cantaravic, formerly of Minsk Belarusia, supplies the all-important control cards to election systems in software, ESNS, the world's largest election management company writes report a crystal for bowling. According to ESNS, they've had more than 40,000 of the world's most important events and elections. ESNS systems have counted approximately 60% of the US national vote for the past four presidential elections in the US 2000-year election. ESNS systems counted over 100 million ballots. Getting back to Cantaravic, he would not disclose where the control cards are made, except they aren't made in the US rights bowling, nor would he discuss his previous employment. Bowling says he got some not too thinly veiled threats from Cantaravic. Cantaravic sounds more like the Russian mafia than a legitimate businessman. But they're really big deal as this. All of ESNS's touchscreen machines contain modems, allowing them to communicate and be communicated with while their operation reports bowling. That communication capability includes satellites. Even computers are not connected to modems or electronic network still can be manipulated off-site. Let me say it again. Even computers not connected to modems or electronic network can still be manipulated off-site not during the election, but certainly before afters his voting systems expert, Dr. Rebecca Mercury. ESNS supplied the touchscreen's for date in Broward County's where the worst machine failures occurred, but the debacle was nothing new for ESNS. Associated Press reporter Jessica Fargan wrote in June of 2000, Venezuela's president and the head of the nation's election board accused ESNS of trying to destabilize the country's electoral process. In the US force data reported problems with equipment supply by the company, Faulti-ESNS machines used in Hawaii's 98-Lections Force that states first ever recon. Sequoia is another, voting systems company that sends out a cold chill down my spine she writes, mob ties, bribery, felony convictions and threats of coercion are visible in the public record of the election services company according to investigative journalist and filmmaker Daniel Hopseker and reported in spotlight.com. Hopseker says that Pasquale Rock or Reggie a 65-year-old senior executive would sequoia the firms Louisiana representative recently pled guilty to passing out as much as $10 million in arms over the course of almost entire decade. According to America law and education rights and taxation alert, reachy is the president of Sequoia and National Wichita, which also manufactures casino slot machines. That didn't say spotlight.com didn't. Huh? That's just great it says. Now we could possibly have both the Russian mafia and the US mafia involved in our elections. In May 2002 Sequoia was brought out by Del Arru based in England. By their own estimate, Del Arru is the world's largest commercial security printer and papermaker, involved in the production of over 150 national currencies and a wide range of security documents such as travelers, checks and vouchers, employing almost 7,000 people across 31 countries. Del Arru is also a leading provider of cash handling equipment and software solutions to banks and retailers worldwide, and they developed technology for secure pass forth identity cards and driver's licenses. Okay, add Dr. Evel to the mix and may be on the lookout for international money launders, drug king pins and Nazis. Show up voting solutions of Quakers Town Pensalbani has reputation for rigging elections, wrote the late Coat. The revote scam Jim Collier, according to Collier of 1979, ransom-shoot the second the president of the firm was convicted of conspiracy and obstructive justice stemming from an FBI investigation of evoked fixing scam involving the old fashioned lever machines in Philadelphia, lever or lever. Leaver, what about so? Leaver loan. These reports are just the tip of the iceberg, the numerous instances of U.S. voting systems error in fraud or documented, in a 1980 report by the US Commerce Department entitled Actressy Integrity and Security, and computerized vote telling by Roy G. Saltman, a computer consultant for the National Institute of Standards and Technologies Computer Systems Lab. Many other experts and observers have been warning and complaining about these abuse problems for decades. But complaints, warnings reports and books like vote scam, haven't deterred government officials like Penelis County Commission's Calvin Harris and County Judge Taker Cadillle, they told the same P times October 2001 that they were aware that all the voting machine companies had problems in their past, but here I said, we have to look at this objectively and not get tied up in the emotions of some guy might be a crook. Dear Commissioner Harris, when it comes to elections in America, some courts are in control and then act accordingly. Rights, then landies. How do you like their maples? But it's America. We can't have fixed elections in America. Can we? God forbid, especially in Florida. We don't have to worry about it. So bug off, Lynn. It goes to your friends at Spotlight. That can't be Spotlight magazine. Can't have that website. I don't know that one. You don't know Spotlight? Nope. That right wing anti-Semitic bunch of maniacs. Well, I'll check it out later. I'll check it out later. I'll check it out later. You know, that scumbag we were talking about yesterday. El Deniscus Lansky. Charge with looting $600 million from Tyco International, and he was the conglomerate's chairman of what it had yesterday after his ex-wife agreed to post $10 million in bail on his behalf. But Lee Prosecutor John Moscow said the Manhattan District Attorney's office, but have to determine whether the money was gained as part of the fraud because Lansky was charged with last week, which led prosecutors to freeze his assets. Maybe that's what they did to Ted Williams. Maybe they froze his assets. We need to speak to witnesses before making determination to whether we'll accept the funds Moscow said at the hearing. Former Tyco Chief Financial Officer Mark Swartz was also named in the diamond post at his five-minute dollar bail in the former 500,000 shares of Tyco stock, or about 7.65 minute yesterday's closing stock price of $15.29. Manhattan Supreme Court George Michael Oves said a hearing date for next Friday to hear arguments from prosecutors about whether either funds are tainted if the bail is not accepted by the judge next week. Kazlowski and Swartz will face jail time and rikers island, Lodination's toughest prison, which is where the Chanel Goldstein, and he probably left them something out behind. Kazlowski attorney Stephen Kaufman said his client's former wife Angie agreed to post $10 million cash in a statement from a brokerage firm backing up the source of the money. She's supporting her ex-husband he said. Kaufman said she wasn't sure where the money came from assets that might be part of the indictment. At last week's agreement to Judge release come to the Kazlowski and $100 million a person will card us in bond that was given to be secured by $10 million in personal assets. Swartz was released on a $50 million bond to be secured by the five million, which he put up more than that yesterday. bail is used to ensure the defendant appears in court. The terms are said that the judge's discretion, some lawyers have asked whether Kazlowski was given favorable treatment by being granted more time to come up with the funds because of his prominence. It raises questions as to whether John Q. Public would have been given the same type of treatment said Eugene O'Donnell, Professor of Law and Police Studies at the John Jay College of Criminal Justice in New York was served as a prosecutor in the bros of Queens and Brooklyn. The judge's decision is typical for white collar cases at John Kayley, criminal offense attorney and former sister U.S. attorney for the seven districts of the or several of the moment they're walking free, but next Friday week from the day it could be right to record a smile. Wouldn't that be great? Wonderful. Maybe the you know who they might want to be in there with? Somebody we know. Anyway, here's our semi-animal religion pool, which are you? Which are you? Atheist 31, Agnostic 29, Wicken 22. See that's you're expecting to believe that that's an artificially inflated no-quality. Jewish 21, oh, Catholic 18, Protestant 9, born again Christian 3, Buddhist 3, Muslim 3, Christian scientists 1. We got a Mormon. Let's hear it. We got a Ficken Mormon out there. Happy Friday 2 and don't mess with your magic underwear. Your hope is witness 1, and no Hindus or 6. Captain Sikar get to the computer. Yeah, get with the captain Singh. Well, they probably got him tired of somewhere. They probably got him in a lock box. 9.56 at 5.60 W. You have not had one guy they can't lock up, but that's my good friend Tom Laman. He's too cagy and too crafty for that. Tom Laman and Halipadi XGMC are doing it again for you. 0% financing is continuing right now as I speak. That's correct. You heard me right. With the proof credit from GMAC, you can get 0% financing up to 36 months on all brand new 2003 Pontiac and GMC beauties in stock. Or take you a rebate up to $4,000 and all 2002 Pontiacs or GMC models in stock. Check out the complete line of GMC SUVs while you're at Helen including that on-board. Voted by Motor Trend is the SUV of the year and the old new Pontiac Vibe SUV. That's got the power of a fancy fancy sports car like Corvette for example, which I drive, but they don't sell it. Hell it's also got a great selection of dependable pre-owned cars, trucks and SUVs. And if anybody else turns you down for credit if you can't cut a deal at any other Cardi-Lar anywhere in the universe, this is the place to get one because the work it out for at Helen. So if you want a sensational unbeatable deal on Pontiacs and GMC's, this is the place. Go see my good friend Tamela and All-A-Nice folks at Halipontiac GMC 13401. South Dixie Highway that's US1 right across from the falls open every day. Seven days a week. Halipontiac GMAC, we are professional gray. Fly in local year sports radio 560's UAAM. No fact in the church. One, one, our terrible one, our true job with the group with and not awkward one boy on a day with his grace. One boy, a young outer boy. One boy to grab in the back and smoke crack with one boy, or maybe two or three. One boy to find out what religion is all about. God is the greatest blessed those fools. I've dreamed my poor seeking for it. One, one, one special boy. One boy to pray with, who play with, gets late with. One boy, maybe two or three. Fly in my embrace. Back home. 10, 1, it's 560 WQM happy Friday. We got two man who's coming up. We got Hank and three. What we got on the agenda day. What's right? How is that possible? Are you looking at the schedule? I am now. A full four hours for the Humper to do that. That is almost unprecedented. Three to seven Hank would day once. Of course the coach will show five to six as part of the show. That's the only one that's going to be in the game. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. Monday at 9 a.m. Tom Willing will be interviewed. I'm reading this in Kelly and of course it's only a coincidence that it's going to be the day before the debut of the new season for Smallville. Let's just convince it. It's just like they don't time these things on purpose. Right. That's the big story. Tom Willing. Now 9 o'clock Monday morning before the show. Don't forget to give me the worst start to be quarter in there. Night. Huh? Why he might be on their naked or something. He might show off his big feet. Suu to ledge is priest molested boy at North Miami nursing home. A lawsuit leging sexual abuse of a nine year old boy at Miami Day nursing home in 1999 was filed against the former Catholic priest in the Archdiocese of Monday of Miami on Thursday. On Monday on Thursday. Yesterday. The Suu filed by the Hollywood Law from her curtain and Marmalstein seeks an unspecified damage. It alleges the unidentified boy was molested during visits to the Archdiocese's own Villa Marie and nursing and rehab center and a 1,000 block of northeastern 205th Street North Miami about three years ago. The boy was visiting a sick grandmother at the nursing home on a regular basis. He was being threatened by the priest of Reverend Trevor Smith, who was then living at the center of the Suu to ledge is the Suu to also charge the priest involved the boy into invited him into his private room and showed in pictures of new children told the boy he wanted to measure his penis and then follow the child. Father Smith resigned from the priesthood in May. He just wanted to measure it. See if the boy measured up. A former Roman Catholic priest was defrapped over claims of sexual abuse and later worked as an elementary school counselor as played an innocent to a federal charge of possessing kidney porn. James Bine, 60, on ended the play in federal court in St. Louis this week. He faces a similar charge in U.S. District Court in East St. Louis. He is also charged in St. Louis Circuit Court with exposing himself to three boys while working as an elementary school counselor. A hearing in the St. Louis title case was scheduled for today on a prosecutor's request to hold buying without bail pending trial. No trial it's been set. Authorities alleged he had thousands of pornographic images of children on computer discs. By him was dismissed when a Roman Catholic priesthood 90. He sent Louis arts dice he spayed a hundred thousand dollars in mid 90s. The settle to lawsuit accusing Bine of sexually abusing boys more than 30 years ago. For more than decade he was counseled at St. Louis elementary schools where he used the name Mar James. He resigned shortly before the state charges were issued in March. Mar James, what does that mean? I don't know. Mar George James. The man slices off body parts speaking of how long as your penis I love this story. And I'll straight in man cut off the little finger on his right hand and then his scrotum. Then his penis. And finally his left hand and a drug-induced act of self-medilation after arguing with his wife. The man believed to be high on him. Fedamines attacked himself with a carving knife to the town of Inverrell, founder of Miles North of Sydney. Police said yesterday. It's the most bizarre thing I've seen in 16 years in the police force Inverrell Inspector Dave Harrington told Reuters. Harrington said the 30-year-old man cut off his little finger while arguing with his wife inside the Inverrell house and then chased around side. He then proceeded to dismember his memory. He said. Oh, would you rather dismember your remember your remember your remember. Yeah. Police said the man was lucky ambulance officers. What is the attack and prevent it from bleeding to death? Adding that police recovered several body parts and packed them on ice and hoped it can be reattached. Well, if they can't reattach him, maybe they can save him for 10 Williams. He'll need some of those body parts when he gets on the ground. I mean, just his head alone ain't going to do it. One thing about Ted Williams, he always had a real good head on his. The man was flown to Sydney for emergency microsurgery. We was now in stable condition. Police said, well, that's good. Good to hear he's okay. Maybe that's something that the Germans ought to be thinking about to invest on this other story. I know. Germans mulling joining the Army Mithing twice now thanks to a new regulation banning soldiers from having sex while inactive service. The defense ministry said this week that it's issued a decrease stating that sleeping with fellow soldiers of either sex or indeed their partners would be bad for morale threatening mutual trust and soldiers willingness to help each other. The Army originally laid out a series of proposals on how to behave with female colleagues when women were first allowed in the active Army service the beginning of 2001. Now they have set them in stone. You will do it this way. Women soldiers will also have to take down their favorite pinnups as one clause. Says, especially formerly to include both men and women. For a habit from hanging a pornographic images that might offend a only women soldiers. I guess guys can put up, you know, naked big boobs and stuff like that. Lots good. The FBI was tipped off about the budding al-Qaeda cell outside Buffalo by an anonymous letter while it's eight-legged members when a terrorism boot camp in Afghanistan the New York TV news says today. Maybe a Sally Jesse hooked him up with a boot camp. The letter was signed by a concerned Yemenite and a source familiar with its contents described as the roadmap that led to their arrest on the history of the 9-11 attacks. Six of the alleged some members are encosted. He turns with providing material support to Osama Yamama Bin Laden and his terror network a bail-haring continues in its third day today and the judge's deserve money for decision. To other some members including the alleged ringleader, main fugitives and are believed to be in Yemen. When the arrest were announced last week, law enforcement officials repeatedly thanked local Muslim community for its cooperation with the 15-month investigation of the lack of one-assel. A source committed to a war, it used to be a really great Polynesian restaurant there we used to work in Batavia. I had a friend we used to go there all the time to the Polynesian restaurant was called either. Now the chin-tiki is not it. That wasn't the true one. I was called the monocye or the monolowa. One of those two. It was great. Remember what you remember that? Remember what? Translate before your time on Polynesian food used to be really, really big. You got that and you got that and you got that. Oh god was that good. So I'm very fattening it'll kill you. And I ate enough of it to sink a battleship but when I was good stuff. Every toy. I'll bring your pardon. Have you ever eaten? Poey. No. All right. I'm not that I know it. I hear it mentioned all the time. I have no idea what it is. I thought I think that's some kind of a fish. I thought it was like a root mash or something. A root mash? Do the wickens eat it? I'll ask him. A source familiar with a matter said to begin with an anonymous letter which arrived at the Buffalo FBI offices in June 2001. It named nearly all those who were arrested and sing a lot of a 29 year old US Yemeni named Comald Derwish. The group's ringleader, the source said it described Derwish as a forcefully, directly recruiting your men in Lacko, one of the Yemeni neighborhood to travel overseas and learn about G-Hide. The letter which arrived months before. I can't stop thinking about that Chris Matthews interview with just even Tura on Wednesday night at the University of Minnesota. Yeah. And when he was recounting, you know, going back into his controversial past and brought up the Playboy interview and they had to direct quote what he said about religion being, you know, a bunch of crap for people with wick minds. And he like was giving him the opportunity. He said, well, aren't you sorry that you said that? And he said, why should I be sorry? And Chris Matthews looked like he didn't know whether this dream or eat 14 bananas really. Why should I be sorry? He said all the stuff that's going on in the world is including this, these grotesque attacks and all this insanity that's going on right now. It's all because of religious fanaticism. And Chris Matthews took this long like gas almost like you just did and looked at him. Oh, you think that's what it really is. The Jesus, we ought to have Chris Matthews come to Florida. Yeah, he can count the guy there. Both. Yeah. God. Does he really think that's what it was all about? No, it's because there's so much poverty like John Cretchences are frog prime minister up here. The real butt plug. I'm sure that Ben Laden does all of this things because he's so poor. You know, you only inherited millions from his Saudi, I've been a lot in family from his very wealthy family. Right. And of course, we know all the millions and millions. I mean, they became very successful capitalist. They they learn how to open up those tax-free loopholes in the American system. Really easy with all their donations to these sham charities that they set up. The so-called religious institutions. And then, of course, all over the world with their gold. And there millions and millions count this million. And here we put this freeze. We put a freeze on this account and all over the world. And didn't even put it then what they got is what we're hearing. Didn't even put it then into how do you like that? But nevertheless, let's see how our religion pole has come along. 39 agnostic and 37 atheists. I like that. Oh, people with a brain. People and nothing tells us to see if you're all this God horse crap. At least the atheist anyway. See, George is like still whaffling on the fence because he just, you know, leave on with our beans. Just go over it. You keep changing the definition. But what does that mean? A diagnostic. And what is the definition? No one knows. A diagnostic is admitted. You can't. But he knows. The trouble I see. No, but the truth. Yeah. You have since were the presence. So therefore you avoid the argument. I see. Now the words. It's like a Christmas. It's like a Christmas. It's like a Christmas. It's like a Christmas. It's like a Christmas. Oh. I suppose to say how ludicrous and ridiculous that whole family. It's like a Christmas. It's like a Christmas. It's like a Christmas. It's like Christmas. And the six trillion people at the same time. And of course, this discovery by the attendants and astronomers that I talked about this today, when they found water on these distant planets that's got to throw a monkey wrench. I leave it to the attendants, man. They're always screwing up everything. They're always contrary. Just like that, freaking Christopher Columbus. That you were she technant. Always got to mess things up. Find out that there's life to be other part of the universe. I mean, what would be the point if there was a creator of all of this stuff? What would be the point if we just just just for our amusement? For us to keep we at hill animals for our amusement too? amusement too? Right. And of course once he got pissed off at man, he got pissed off at the animals too because once we had the flood them all the place, he had to kill the animals too because he's a temperamental son of a bitch that got temperamental as hell. Oh god. Right. It's just it's such a nonsensical fairy tales. It's ludicrous. It's it's pathetic. And this this arrogance of man and of course man wrote all these different books. You know, they'll be depending on which tribe they were involved in. They wrote all of this gobble to goc and there's was always the correct one. You understand? Their quarry tales were the right ones and anybody who didn't believe it. It was either going to burn in hell or should be exterminated or both. Right. Just like that. But of course dogs don't go to heaven and other living in the breathing creatures. They don't go to heaven because they don't have a soul. God if I had rubber soul by the Beatles I'd play right now. Hey, in some religions they do. Who do the animals? Who do? Yeah, now when I think wicked too, now what is wicked believe? They have souls everything has a soul. Everything that is alive has a soul. And I got my great shoes from New Balance. They got a nifty soul. My life and love. This is what's written on five six years away. Who am? Calling is God in the Elijah's to add me a sunset. No today. I find it highly insulting as a Catholic that you people could even put such an advertisement in the paper. How dare you all be so insulting to us? It's a Christmas season and you represent them as the Pope. You think with those students it was painful and it shouldn't have been done. I wonder if this was something to do with his duty, who's duty is them, whether we could say well or vampire, sometic. It's racist and so it shouldn't be done. But the Catholics can be kicked around like this. Your logic is in itself. How dare you people do this? You should take down an apology to think so is that heir to the New State. It's all of us. I will I give it to you. Now I won't. 10 17. See, that's one thing religion does better than anything else. He signs race tax free money and that is give people no shoes to hate each other and to condemn each other and to point fingers and to wait as that finger, wag that finger, you're going to burn in hell and all the other crap. When somebody starts giving you that you're going to burn in hell. You should like run for the hell's because you know that there are number one idiotic and number two dangerous. Kind of like the president, dumb and dangerous. The double D. 47 agnostic and 48th year's list of this great show and and I have a feeling that some of those may have like turned little bit. See the agnostic are good because at least they're like moving in the right direction like George is moving in the right direction and eventually he'll evolve into a real thinking human being. You're you're wrong. Exactly. Something you do. It's just like I said there's no hope for George. You'll always be fine. Or it's more palatable to say right. And I think it's a lot is in flames we're saying atheists because you know people think of atheists. They think of mental and all hair and hard bitten miserable like hard ask people like that. But see you're doing the same thing that they're doing and that's, they're doing a good play. I don't want to debate religion with you because it's pointless. Okay. It's all a bunch of crap. We all know that That's a crap. Let's move along speaking a crap about them. Well, boys. She knows your crap Michelle Goldberg writes in salon.com today for no well, boys. You're different. Oh, I can say about what you just said He's a do do do do do do and that's it. That's all I'm saying You're gonna slay me. I gotta play that one bit again, you know, but when I started with today That's just it's just that that could be the all-time award winner You know anybody tune in late boy. You should be real sorry, but I let you off though this one time only Unlike Tessio and a godfather. I'll let you off the hook. There's one line from what there are people inside the building that time Oh, that's a wrong one. Sorry. I haven't played that yet. Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no And that's why I think that I'll have a chip B in ship season. Okay, that's coming up Right after the next break bottom of the hour For no well, bullshit of a kind of justice. I will get to this eventually if a George steps into rupting me with his wicked beliefs Michelle Goldberg It's no secret at rich in poor drug offenders face vastly different kinds of justice just as money criminals get Johnny cocking while the Indigent make do with underpaid public defenders so our well healed substance abuses more likely to end up in posh We have clinics then the prisons where poor addicts are warehouse sure there are exceptions Actor Robert County junior and baseball star Darrell strawberries bring to mind, but they're not the norm The normal more like new-al-boi shoe despite several drug violations has so far certainly three days in jail As most of the country knows by now that auto-refloric governor jav bush and niece of president George W. W. was found with crack insiders shoe and they set up for drug free living in Orlando Or she was sent in January after after being arrested for trying to buy Zanax with a forged prescription It wasn't the first time she's been busted while in rehab her three-day jail term in july I came after she was caught with a bag or prescription pills that didn't belong to her Drug reform advocates certainly don't claim that no well bush was being treated too leniently Even three days in jail as too harsh they argue, but they say the punishment is even more severe for people without her money or connections The question is whether she's being treated in a unique way Says Bruce Bullington the editor of the Journal of Drug Issues and the Associate Professor of Criminology at F. S. U. Antelah Hasse I think she is he says her fellow patient seemed to agree as the Orlando Sentinel reports Noel Bush was reported to be placed by a woman who said she was a center for drug free living client in sense by what she felt was the preferential treatment Given to the governor's daughter One of the women here was caught by crack cocaine tonight the call was said in her September 9 conversation with a 9-11 dispatcher and A lot of the women are upset because she's been caught about five times and we want something done because our children are here And they just keep letting it slip out of the counter and carpet. They said you know because it's basically no well bush She does this all the time and she gets out of it because she's the governor's daughter According to the New York Daily News one center for drug free living staff or he did a supervisors advice and Tore up her written statement about finding the drugs rather than show it to the police Without the statement the police didn't have a probable cause to arrest bush for employees have been subpoenaed after refusing to cooperate with police Sighting the centers privacy Senate privacy policies Bullington says the employees will be in the right if they provide a the same measure of protection to all their clients What what whenever they do what's turned for outsiders to determine he says because Individual cloning survey tremendous amount of latitude in creating their policies If this is something they do for all their guests then it's perfect Bullington says The vast majority of people are going to treatment fail very quickly and fail multiple times But the system isn't designed with that in mind he says anyone else who has found with the rock of cocaine They would turn over to the police and the courts would say there's no second chances or one second chance Drug reform advocates are trying hard to create a greater separation between treatment and the criminal justice system So the police don't get involved in the lapses that must be covering addicts experience Unfortunately Bullington says by allocating more resources to cops and corrections Then to treatment and by filling top positions with law and order conservatives and Wells father is working against the broad application of the kinds of policies That have protected his daughter again the issue is not that she should be punished more But the other people should be given the same kind of break he says if a normal person was building up a history like that in a well bush She'd be looking at jail time now says Sydney peace myth a defense attorney who spent seven years as a public defender in Dave County It's a discretionary call, but if they actually found drugs in someone's room I think many clinics will report it because it's a crime A crime that gets many people locked up Jim Macdonard directed the Florida office for drug control says the record Lee 93 people in state prisons for marijuana possession According to the Florida Department of Corrections 20,000 people in fiscal year 2000 were convicted of felony drug possession in the state a third of them went to jail and 1775 served more than a year Smith mentioned swat of his clients a legal immigrant from Nicaragua who spent six months in jail And was then deported for committing crimes almost exactly like those allegedly committed by no-el bush Such discrepancy is of the reason that Smith who chairs the Florida campaign for new drug policies is leading the campaign to pass an initiative called the right to treatment and rehab for nonviolent drug offenses Which will likely go before the Florida electorate in 2004 Advocates try to get it on the ballot this year, but the Florida Supreme Court which had to approve the measure took six months to make the decision and that left Advocates too little time to collect the necessary signatures Modern law and California's Prop 36 which passed in 2000 the initiative would amend Florida's Constitution A mandate that nonviolent first and second time drug offenders be either sent to rehab programs or let go It would also take the likelihood of relapses into account by giving addicts multiple chances at treatment in effect It would force the state to treat all defendants the way it's treated no-el bush But led by governor bush opposition to the measure is fierce I can assure you then unless we have a change in leadership in the governor's office and the attorney general's office Prosecubious and law enforcement will mighty very active campaign against passage of this says jury Blair Presently of the Florida prosecuting attorneys association When talking about his daughter the governor is the model of empathy the road to recovery recovery is a difficult and long journey for those afflicted with the addiction He said on September 10, but he took a very different tone on August 2001 when arguing against the right to treatment initiative To suggest that there should be no penalties for continuing drug use he said is to stick our head in the sand To be fair, it's not just a boasting that's opposing the measure Many in the rehab community are against it as well arguing that the threat of jail is necessary to make addict stick with their program While drug law reformers insist that addiction treatment should be removed from the criminal realm altogether Bruce Hayden president of the spectrum programs the group before we have clinic says that the threat of jail is absolutely necessary For the most part the criminal justice system and treatment system were very well together He said but how well they work together has a lot to do with how much money defendants have While first offense possession of crack and Florida carries a maximum five-year prison sentence 15 years for heroin Most nonviolent defendants cannot perform a system of drug courts designed to divert nonviolent addicts and treatment programs rather than prison That's what no well bush did people will complete the treatment emerge with a clean criminal record It sounds like he writes system in many ways that is it's certainly far better than New York's We're made a treatment in sentences and people away for decades Randy critical a drug reform activist who has the New York based William Moses Gunstler fund for racial justice Sites the case of a long island at a currently serving 12 and a half to 25 years for a second offense crack possession 12 and a half to 25 years But there are two problems with Florida system McDonald concedes a third enough drug courts stand everyone eligible for them only half who would up for the drug court get in and those offenders who want treatment instead of prison Often have to find their own rehab center and find a way to pay for it There are state subsidized places within the various clinics, but there's a long waiting list for these so some defendants go to jail for lack of treatment options The problem has been exacerbated by recent budget cuts which according to a genuine article in the same feet times Eliminated more than 600 subsidized beds a third of the total McDonald since he thinks the article exaggerated the loss of beds those who don't go to treatment don't get their records cleared Smith says so if they're arrested again, they can be charges habitual offenders which carries a doubled prison sentence A lot of my clients have to suffer in jail because they can't afford the kind of program that a prosecutor would find Acceptable says Smith if you've had a client with an unlimited budget. I can find a program form that's probably gonna satisfy everyone For the more he says program that a design for paying customers tend to be more accommodating as New York bushes has been Smith says that the referendum would put the owners on the state rather than the defendant to find a treatment bed for everyone who qualifies for one Opponents of the right to treatment initiative don't really dispute the fact that the system favors people with money Ask whether the current system discriminates against the poor Blair says in terms of drug treatment well It probably discriminates to the extent that the state does not furnish adequate drug treatment programs It discriminates in the sense that a well-heard of it might be given the option of voluntary to voluntarily enter a drug treatment program at his oronage Experience in order to avoid the consequences of a criminal offense and that same drug treatment alternative might not be available always to Indigent defendants Hayden agrees. I like to think that the money should not determine whether you go to jail or not he says, but it does. Are we talking fear? I think we're talking reality at least reality bush style Right, Michelle Goldberg into the salon dot 10 27 at five sixty w q a m and we'll be back Hey, it's how it how it David And that's why I think the jet will have a chip bean ship season the jet and where did I tell you you don't talk to like say you can talk? This is the beast. I said shut up. That's all but you're like a father to me. You don't talk to lamb Don't talk and when I'm talking then you talk Okay, I'll be coming Come here. I want you to meet a friend of mine mr. Gumpler This court sentences you're too 20 years in ours What you in both I had to attack off my mattress look like will be your bookmates The names more how it happened Starter stage screen and paradise what's your big old me coffee You got so panless. Thank you Hey But it's all pound real hard. I'm gonna make you money God 10 minutes No Oh I threw him a book that fell over. I'll take it for one. Lord, I'll see you now. Well, Mr. David. I'm a woman, too. Jack, Jack ordered. How can it help you? Well, you see more than he is? He's getting raped. Too. He's a vatician. Call who can do it right away. Thanks a lot. Some time. It is now drop your pet. I said drop your pet. This was odd. It's fair. Favors don't come to you. You'll kill you. Let's grateful. We'll be charred. That's how we've asked the time awake in the day. Oh, jail of ours. Okay, 1033 at 5.60 WQAM. A gun-toting musician for the Southern Brazilian radio station to play as they view album for more than an hour after failing to break into show business by more usual roots. The man's father said. Lucas Vinicius Dostanto is 27 of the vocalist for the rock group, ACC, a Portuguese Aquanism for Beyond the Grace sky, stormed this Jockey Marcio passes both that Antelita FM and forced him to play his album faces of life. He's a quiet boy. His father could tell you what those sound to said. I'm surprised by what happened. The incident ended after about 70 minutes when Vinci is Dostanto's surrender to police. Nobody was injured and poselater inform listeners where they could buy the bands album. Sounds like a good idea. How powerful are you six, don't it? What? Are you still... Are you still at a... Do... Do that again? You better get control of yourself, Mr. Cause you're losing your grip on reality. Italy is famous around the world for a strike scenario sector from transport workers to doctors from teachers and even prostitutes. Now the first pizza strike has been called for tomorrow. The consumer group ADUC, a Duke, says the price of a pizza is just too high in this proportions of cost of ingredients. The group estimates that the ingredients for a classic pizza margarita to make a mozzarella and basil cost a mere 49 euros since. But restaurant coarser charge an average of five euros in increase of some 1,000 percent. Using the same proportions the group says addition of choice fish and a good restaurant will cost a consumer so 150 euros but a reality cost only a fraction. There are to protest against the high cost of the national staple. The group is called a consumer's not to buy pizzas all day tomorrow. In Italian, how do you like that huh? When in Rome don't eat the pizza, don't eat the pie. Speaking of don't eat it. Yeah. Sydney Australia. A glob of dog excrement on a Queensland robber's shoe has been used as evidence to identify him landing him a 10 year stretcher or a Bening shop pulled up on Australia's gold coast. Now isn't this again my second power is coming into play? What was I talking about yesterday? Dog to the dog crapping. There you go. Who had just thrown a shoes away? Police said yesterday they'd used enhanced photos from a security camera to match the pattern of excrement thought of the crime scene. The bat on a 20 60 roll Jacob Smith's shoe. It's not rocket sign as as as playing as. Poo on your shoe. Police Sergeant Alan Piper veteran scientific officer was quoted by the local media saying It's as playing as poo on your shoe. It could have been one or by 1,000 or 10,000 shoes. And because that poo was there was creating a great big feature that allowed us to go in for a positive identification. I said there's been some more poo on that shoe but it's worn away said Piper would have been also doing a smell test. Oh no, a smell test. A smell test. Smith would wrap the sheet around the space to high design. During the high school jail June for 10 years and 10 months on charges of robbery being armed and in company and on lawful use of a motor vehicle etc. And also for having shoes that smell really nasty. Who's job is that to do the smell test? The sniff police. Dr. Fung. Dr. Mung. Mell Waki if you're going to court you might want to leave the go candid home. Authorities in Milwaukee City found 28 rocks of crack cocaine and a braided hair of a 16 year old girl. Deputy City searched the girl after once saw plastic bag sticking out from the back of her hair. According to prosecutors the girl claims she found the illegal drugs in the bathroom. Authorities say they don't know why the teen got into the court house in the first place. Now she faces felony drug possession charges. I like that. It's here's a something just in from CNN. California teacher sentenced to prison for sex with student. A judge and a hug of this is just in. This is a story from yesterday and we're out a little bit slow. A judge yesterday certainly led you to former California teacher who kidnapped a 15 year old student and had sex with an A Vegas hotel. But gave her a sentence that allows her to be released from Nevada custody next month. Being a teacher is a sacred trust. How dare you? How dare you judge the Joseph T. Baudetventure Yield? Pointing as finger at Tanya Hayden had in 33. How dare you? Bitch! You! He sentenced hadn't a five to 12 and a half years in prison for second to be kidnapping. Sexual conduct between teacher and student and statutory sexual seduction. But he suspended all the six months of the sentence being that with a sex, she faces only 40 more days in Nevada. Hadn't still faces related charges in California were likely be extradited within weeks. Prosecutor Douglas Herndon said those charges came up to nine years in prison. Hadn't then Richard Payne had a superior April 29 from San Bernadino's cage in high school. They were founded a Las Vegas hotel casino for days later. The former teacher broke in a tear to yesterday's hearing is the boys mother, eyedup, and he said, hadn't ruined her son's life and that the family went through hell while he was missing. Hadn't he violated him and you violated us, you said glaring at Hadn't. Hadn't's lawyer Jordan as savage said her client was lonely. After a recent separation from her husband, I was acting like a 15 year old girlfriend she told the judge yesterday. I wasn't acting like an adult. Hadn't agreed that she needed therapy and apologized to Payne as mother saying, I want peace to return to your family. I want a peace of that too. Hadn't could have been sentenced to 26 years in prison but bought a ventured to her. You would last deserve a chance to re-build your life. You ordered to be placed on strict sex offender probation and life time supervision. Hadn't you like that, huh? Kidnapped's a 15 year old kid takes him to a vaguestrip motel and just screws the is brazen. What do you think of that? Ah, but it was a guy. Yes, you're jealous. I got two pay-spaustories coming up. Can you believe that? I don't want to be one of them. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. But I wasn't high. I didn't know that I stayed in because I wasn't high. I prefer to be in a love. And I know why. Yeah, well man. You. Because I'm not high. Because I'm not high. I'm not a God. I'm not a God. So I'm sure even you saw the if you had seen it on. They're in Chicago. The baseball thing. Yes, I did with those two scumbags. Those two shirtless tattooed scumbags. Father and son. W. T. Oh, man. Tom Gambo was standing near first base. Just as he's done every other night of the season hands on his hips as he was watching the world's next batter come to the plate Suddenly out of nowhere the Kansas City Coach was ambushed by a bear chest and father and his juvenile son who ran out of the seats What seemed like a football team crashed into his back and knocked him to the ground his left cheek was slammed into the turf and his face Exiled absorb blow after blow It just happened so fast he said when he get in bra's with the other team You have a chance to anticipate this type of thing, but when it's coming totally unprovoked and for behind I'm just totally stunned. Did you see him with a big go weld on his foot? Yep. I'm gonna say hate The entire world's team in the white socks rust again Bo was a he had several cuts in large bruises on his forehead But he walked off the field away standing ovation from the crowd at Kamiski park where the world's beat the white socks two to one The father and son were let off the field and handcuffs white socks folks been Scott a refridged Said their names will not be released until their charge refridged the father will face a charge of aggravated felony assault for hitting gamble and a white-type security guard Who's an off-duty Chicago police officer the son who is aged was not made available face unspecified juvenile charges I would expect majorly baseball to do something. Rosalphilder Chuck Nablox said it's amazing something like that hasn't happened before, but it's a fear of players because it seems like the fans Continue to get more and more hostile a Fulted pop a fold it up pocket knife was found at the scene white socks outpillar Aaron Roland city saw a fall out of one of the fans Pockets and Rose closer Roberto Hernandez say saw security guards place it in an evidence bag I'd be like that they had a swish blade red next shirtless red next with tattoos and a swish blade sounds like a recipe for a Real polycrimes and he was a buck knife and of course it was in the ninth inning and by that time you do realize Right that's the only way you're gonna enjoy the game That's the all American way and I've asked that question a million times back in the days when we're taking those stupidized phone calls She asked a lot of good questions over the years on the year, but never get answers to those questions You know why? Why because people don't want to be forced to think about those things just like this athletes petting each other on a on the ass Oh, I never got a response to that The only endeavor where it's not considered to be a faggy thing is an athletes lawyers after they went a big court case. Don't pet each other on an ass Nobody patts each other on the ass unless they mean something but unless of course it's athletes then it's acceptable behavior Asslets athletes. That's right speaking of us. Yes, Beast just will await his fat ass and 229 down a pound 55 pounds baby So once gigantic humongous disgusting growth and I did the beast here that the thing Oh, that's right. He can't come in on that because he needs a job Well, that's good work base keep it up 55 pounds of balance for life and of course the beast also does not participate in the Bobba ganush I'm sure does he just the Bobba part Oh And that's the shame because I heard the ganush stuff is really the best part I'm looking at your menus chocolate strawberry pancakes turkey hand onion spinach egg and cheese burrito Pizza omelet tomatoo pepperoni and mozzarella cheese turkey broccoli and cheddar souffle I just had a blueberry muffin that was dynamic and I'm gonna have mushroom struttle and that I have that I poppy lemon cheese cake and Pork fried rice chicken mix of kaka that's good stuff. Of course it'll make you tough positive Chicken club wrap with tomato cheddar turkey bacon Romanian and thousand dollar dressing spinach for silly Sicilian or would Lorraine switch okay. I'm getting hungry now Seriously the stuff on it is good, which is why I can stay on it See the fat boy give me that ridiculous copy. I had a terrible idea for dollar mattress And next year he's threatening that he's gonna get them the semi or good mattress for up here in Toronto It would be great and much needed much appreciated, but I'm not looking forward to coming home so I can sleep on a good mattress Okay, I mean that that's getting carried a little bit too far But one of the things I am looking forward to is having a food every day my little black sack because I do enjoy that And I'll be able to like get in that weight loss thing right along with a beast The QM van will be out at the car max located in Miami just up to 836 at 1300 Northwest 98 court tomorrow from 11 to 1 stop by to win prizes and free food from Atlantic City Sums were Ira and the bread make the difference. That's with Miguel. I'm sure Yes, tomorrow between 11 and 1 car max 13 every Northwest 80 And what is it 98 court tomorrow? I can't I'm tongue-tied That's because I got that in leviesity something I was thinking about are the good friend there, which I don't want to mention the other baseball story I might have a trouble with that wicked weed Can you believe that? No, I don't believe at least seven pairs suspected of marijuana use oh my god What's it gonna be next? Is that that performance enhancing marijuana? Right at least seven. That's a bit suspected of using marriage a we need this season part of an alleged pattern of Drug use that reaches from the team's matter league system right up to the major league roster Sources close to the team of told news day. This is in today's news day on Long Island Manager Bobby Valentine acknowledged he worried about the drug problem on his team is earliest spring training and city spokesage General manager Steve Phillips about his concerns although Philips yesterday said he did not recall such a conversation I've seen signals but nothing definitive Valentine said yesterday as he was drowned out by a cloud of smoke Can you believe maybe that's why they played so crappy this year you think maybe like all of them or went and doubt they're kind of spaced out A top team official overset the manager confronted rookie reliever grant Roberts over suspected drug use this season Valentine said he met with his team to discuss foolishness of drug use when rookie pitcher Mark Corey was hospitalized with seizure likes Symptoms June 26 after smoking marijuana with teammate Tony Toresco Mirblock from the stadium remember that story? No, I sure do For Rascal Corey and Roberts are three of at least seven major league men's who have been suspected of using marijuana this season Most of the players involved came up to the meds pharmacist in addition to Corey a number of those suspected are no longer with the team Phillips disputed this a problem yesterday said I don't think we have rampant rampant drug use in our major league team He said interviews with a high ranking team official a former prospect in two people close to players in the organization in the aftermath of the Corey to ask Winston it raised new According to a friend some of some of the meds players marijuana is allegedly been mailed into Shaste stadium inside a jar of peanut butter and At least one met regularly smokes marijuana in the players parking lot the source also said that a number of meds players have been known to share a Mount marijuana filled limousine ride rather than taking the team bus from months later another while on the road A former prospect in two friends of current meds confirmed that the team's minor leagueers have been more than advance of supposedly random drug test and learn how to avoid drug detection What are the friends said that meds minor leagueers have been known to buy marijuana and drug Perfine in your hotels on a road in order to access it on the next trip to town A team official and a friend of player said an addition to marijuana X to see was another drug Ochoice among meds minor leagueers Valentine McCount and I we talked to was team after news day reportedly Corey Terrasco drug use in June After one incident we had I addressed the team about this stuff specifically about how foolish it was How was illegal and how embarrassing we could be for for it to continue Valentine said in order to evade bomb sniffing dogs that occasionally patrol Shaste A source of refuse to be names said one player and skirted in the compass to pack them or one in partly filled peanut butter jars But but you that's tasty too And when you start getting the munchies you that's reaching there get the munchie and a texture crunchy We're not gonna get back in that again. Oh Open wide they leave about a half inch to an inch of peanut butter on the outside Well, then the justor with a bag of inside the peanut butter said the source who also has now is the two of the omits May have provided drugs to teammates and players on other teams during spring training Told of the drug allegations catcher Mike Piazza Said it's kind of disturbing if that's the case. I'm not against having fun for me if having a few if it's Having a few beers if you're a vage you have to blow off steam somehow But you think guys at this level they completely focused in their careers. He said first baseman Moe Vaughan said yesterday I personally was never in a drugs just like what's his name used to tell us a Tommy Kramer It's hard enough to play this game if your brain is normal. I know for that's a problem on this team I hope that God it's not he said if there's something going on we need to correct it There's a thing in here about the stuff Let's say This story goes on on pages and pages but about the fact that of course when you're buying it like you have no idea what's in it See this part of the problem of America is constipated as nine stone age position on Illegalization and even decriminalization Is the fan of course it's got to be legalization because the criminalization won't change that You got to know what you're buying got only knows what's in it when you're liking it in the peanut butter dry You know or when you when you buy it on the streets of Amsterdam instead of the coffee shops Although this is some more important things than marriage or winy on the streets of Amsterdam crack crack hook crack hook Why not crack? Oh come on monoxyc They are that that group that crowd they could be the lowest form of subhuman scum ever to crawl around on the face of the globe They rosticunes and Amsterdam. They're just the sending Speaking of drugs Yeah agents of us seven in south Florida's part of internet rape drug trade remember we had the good old hair Ask cropped on the other day. Yes, indeed Do you Western Canada launched an all out of salt on the internet trade in date rug date rape drug rate this week Date rape drugs this week with the rest of 115 people in 84 cities US attorney general hair john ask cropped announced yesterday Seven people in south Florida where munglos accused is today a virus selling the drug G. H. B. And its derivatives over the internet G. H. B. And chemical cousins normally used in the production of industrial solvents also are abused as an intoxicant muscle growth hormone and most Dangerously as a date rape drug causing drowsiness and loss of consciousness or worse The use of the colorless odorless liquid as a central nervous system depressing that can cause memory loss often makes prosecution of rape cases difficult according to the US DEA our campuses our neighborhoods and our communities are safer places for young women today Because cyberspace just got more dangerous for drug traffickers as cropped be seen The DEA's documented 72 deaths caused by the G. H. B. family It doesn't get any more serious than that, especially in Joe Kilmer spokesman for the DEA in Miami Operation web slinger involving numerous federal and local investigators in the US and Canada confiscated about 3,000 gallons of DHB type chemicals and more than a million dollars in cash and property in the most significant offensive against date rape drugs to date DEA director asshole Hutchinson said a Washington DC Remember him asshole Hutchinson? Nope. Yeah, you do him is the ascended or an ace saw yeah, I call my asshole. Okay, who's one of the big anti-clinton penis so gay pious the investigation began two years ago Instead from operations in St. Louis Detroit, San Diego, Mobile, Alabama, Spartatin, Tennessee buffalo New York and Quebec city They don't say a in Quebec city buffalo New York, but it's certainly seem to be having a lot of troubles in Buffalo and like a wana and John Stan and Lee Roy Chandward for Donia and she Kowag and done Kirk Rest in South Florida and in the Batavia Corrected in South Florida yesterday charged with possession and or trafficking in the drugs were Michael Rielo 31 of coconut Creek James Walsh 27 of Pompano Beach Kevin Furliff 40 of Miami Beach Alexis of Pheneos 33 of North by my Palm Beach Robert Dubs and 44 of West Palm Beach John N 47 of Palm Beach Gardens and Michael Zarechney 32 of West Palm Beach Daniel Peltso of San Etienne Quebec Don't you love those friends names? We San Etienne Quebec describe a US System Attorney James Kennedy and Buffalo is one of the biggest providers of GHB in the world was indebted on charges of unlawful use of the internet and importation of GBL and VD and this PD and SPCA after 1452 gallons of the chemicals were seized Wednesday from his Binance and Residence GHB is also known as G. Gibb scoop liquidy liquid ex women's Niagara Green Vespobly harm easy lay Gamma 10 salty water Aminos Aminos Aminos blue nitro on blue thunder among other names according to Project GHPA nonprofit anti drug use organization. How do you like that? Here you damn crack it exact you Good good I Mr. Mouse Wapah how are you doing the me? What do you mean sir? Why am I reading in the paper you're gonna put a Disney theme park in Brooklyn? Well, sir, we're just scouting locations Jesus unscouting CEOs you are killing me What's your look we've done with New York City time square 42 seconds free in on Reem it Turn off the vacuum cleaner Reem it get the blue burn all in here. Okay, boss My sir look what we don't admit down man had 42nd treat is incredible I want publicly I support it that but you took all the point away you're telling me I'm going through gavoscom like kids We're just scouting areas calm down Let's let me butt much. Don't tell me to calm down We got lucky with we low-in-stage 128 million dollars now you're trying to ruin the whole network We're kind of programming are you running? Hang on a minute Remus Yeah, you're got full bird crap all over your shoulder Clean yourself up for heaven sake And turn off the bottom cleaner Oh God sir the network is fine. Why couldn't you come up with America? Idol good God you're still running James bomb movie. There's 60 years old Why did you just put steam ball really ought to be done with it? Please, sir. I'd make a couple of damn dollars Well, the movie division fine. You mentioned we were in fishing now We have the new M. Night Chumman movie coming out later this summer What the hell does that mean stop sign yields fine? You got a start swing in somebody's final pass me please Remus Remus I know you can't hear me Remus you're still on the market Remember The Yes, sir. I'd be very careful the next time I started my car. Why were you? What do you mean? I'm about done with you what that done? Sir up the hand of storm in your job, but sir. You're terrible Maybe I'll put remus in there. I don't like to be president of Disney remus What a wonderful day I'm gonna hear you stop bag 11. I'll see it five 60. I don't know. I maybe I'm the only one But that's just I love and do I just does leave the remus part yeah and the blueboard on his shoulder 74 agnastics we're doing our semi-anial religion pull on the arroggies.com 74 agnastics 80 is 55 can't like 50 must be a lot of spix juice 39 Wickens 31 and that's the one that really raises both of my eyebrows all three of them Wickens C and a lesson for you that would I don't we don't have any wickens You don't believe that that number is severely it's hard to just inflate it no question There's maybe 10 real votes on there Protestants 22 born again Christians five all right Buddhists five Jojho was witnessed three Muslim three and we still have only one Mormon one Christian side This one Scientologist no Hindus and no six I thought we had a lot of Communities with all the convenience of stores Conveniences stores drive and town. They're all here. They're all up here believe me. I mean 40 training up This is from the drug report you facts me. This is well is kind of interesting Yes, Carlos said we know you hate the drug report. But never less than no, I don't hate the drug report And don't even hate him. I just find him He just leaves me limp you know what I mean? What do you mean? He just leaves me limp like when he came to the pizza Love that day with his mother, whoever that woman was I mean, this is mother driving to work like very jackass What are these obsessed with the show though, Matt, right and he is on the WABC He's on over the country and you know, I mean, yeah, he's probably got a good agent. Is anyone here? Ask Dave Johnson Dredge report White House game show Murdoch net plans American candidate winner to run for present 04 Move over American Idol here comes American president a Rupert Murdoch TV game show and of course if Rupert Murdoch's behind it What can't imagine how far to the right to win and candidate's gonna be right? A Rupert Murdoch TV game show that made choose the outcome of the next White House race Table channel FX is sent to modern ambitious to your endeavor to accommodate in the American public voting on a People's candidate to run for present the US in 2004 100 candidates will start the series during subsequent episodes candidates will square off a numerous competitions like debates What a concept The number of semi-finals will be wittled down each week based on live audience response and telephone slash internet voting each episode will originate from All American local searches mount Rushmore the Statue of Liberty But the final episode of the series will be an American candidate convention How live on the National Mall and Washington around July 4th 2004 sufficiently patriotic viewers will determine the winning candidate from among three finalists The same maybe that guy in Texas can like you know vote 42 million times The series will be sickenly Jesse Ventures of the world finding messages people want to hear at Kevin Riley FX's president entertainment How many people do you think watch FX by the way? It depends on what time like the shield has a very large audience Hopefully will find some very qualified civil servant who lacks a power base Maybe also a plumber from Detroit who tells it like it is it's like a cross between the war room and American idol Producer RJ covered tells this weekend's daily for Rani will be making available to every American who's qualified by virtue of the Constitution the opportunity to run for president Just as American Idol when searching for undiscovered musical talent cutler said American candidate will be on the hunt for untapped Political and leadership skill. It's not clear the ethical ramifications of Murdoch's newscorp Financing a presidential candidate's launch the game sure appears to be inspired by a bonus areas television channel Which is launching a series called the people's candidate whether winner will be nominated as a candidate for the O3 congressional elections in Argentina Oh three I beg your pardon you said oh oh So it's coming soon Come in very soon away election booth near you with rigged Voting oh electronic voting just like real elections right Oh wait to near this now. This is gonna be I don't know about this Cuz I don't know how much about it, but it just it makes my skin crawl and makes my kishki's Put your little bit Public's to start selling irradiated beef and chicken next year. Yes What do you mean yes? I saw that story public supermarkets ink Florida's largest grocery chain of course We love them dearly said this week that it'll begin selling irradiated beef and chicken next year and it moved That's already bringing protests. Oh, I haven't got to the pedustory at how many days? Oh, that yeah one thing at a time I guess Oh, I got such a pile of stuff here. Where in hell is that why did I put that down so far in my list the pedope? Oh, here it is the fact I'm gonna move it up on my list Now you notice before the show I was playing something and You probably wanted why I was playing it listen to the way she says keep didn't like one oh that okay Peter see I can never I can never think that acronym PTA whether it's Peter or Peta We got a little bit it's Peter it's Peter. That's Peter. So that's why I played that cuz the goddess was saying that like a Eight hundred will the Peter I was perfect anyway Published to start selling irradiated beef public spokesman Lee Brotson said the Lakeland based chains new generation grand Aviradiated frozen ground beef boneless chicken breasts and chicken tenders We'll give consumers more choice and another line of defense against contamination But irradiation opponents immediately declared war We'll be exerting pressure on publics and Florida nationwide said Michael Colby Executive director of food and water in came up he lobbying organization Colby and my way to pass there's lost last night's night Montreal five to two Exhibition game first exhibition game of the season. I thought I mentioned that because mobile led Gilda even mentioned puck on a year or smuck Cuz when he says smuck you think she's talking about him and if he says puck he knows it's hockey talking to one of here Colby and the at least play auto last night there. That's a night there first exhibition game Colby vowed to mobilize the group centering 25,000 grassroots supporters nationwide We'll be in front of as many public solvices we can he say. Oh, that's something to look forward to coming home to see him protesting in front of my publics Publics direct is great by the way Which is what you shop online they bring it right to your house, but now do you get to choose the bag boy? Just the bag don't don't they have pictures there? During the past four well, what's wrong with it? You don't get to choose the bag boy During the past 40 years the FDA's gradually increased the number of foods including beef pork Bolton Fresh roots and vegetables that can be a radiated which kills harmful bacteria But many grosses in restaurants faced with critics claims that a radiation can cause cancer Have him reluctant to sell the treated food others have been selling without fanfare to avoid protest in other words real quiet keep it quiet Published which has 711 stores in Florida, Joe just have Carolina Alabama one pay the first grosser in the state to sell a radiated meat Jacksonville based when this he stores this closed on Wednesday Then it's quietly been selling a radiated frozen beef patties for about a year and it's more than a thousand 70 stores in 12 states I wouldn't buy the meat at Wendy's if you paid me by the ounce the beef. I wouldn't touch their meat with your hand When does he spokesman Mickey clerks at the company never announced it was introducing a radiated items although the husking brand a HUSKI In is labeled with a federally required a radiation symbol in the statement that the food was treated What's the symbol is like like a little skull and crossbones like that you know those three triangles It's not a big item in terms of sales clerk said but it gives consumers a choice People who want to cook hamburgers rare he said can do so with a radiated beef with less concern about salmonella or the contamination Sal ho used to play a third base for the ease Clerk said he wouldn't couldn't say whether Wendy's he might add a radiated chicken or first products to the mix in the future It all depends on consumer demand he said a number of other small regional supermarket chains such as Wegman's food markets in New York all right recently also begins so you may be proud. I love wagmans I like lob laws better. We got lob laws here, but I don't know where the hell they are. There's not one by me Aren't you excited about that we got lob laws in Toronto? No, but I got dominion A. I'm excited about that What a great store, man. I got just I just like to hang out there for a few hours just take a whole bunch of sacks Public sent a consider selling a radiated fresh food in the future move that could make the chain even more vulnerable to protest Most mainstream health professional support irradiation is safe and effective a way to blunt and alarming rise in foodborne illnesses and Dead These Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said in the statement on a radiation that an overwhelming body assigned to the evidence Defense Defense States that irradiation does not harm the nutritional value of food nor does it make the food unsafe to eat Just as for the pasteurization of milk. It'll be most effective when irradiation is coupled a careful sanitation programs The public's products will be treated at food technology service anchor plant near Lakeland a small company that's been zapping poultry fruit and vegetable since 92 Despite sporadic protests from various groups such as food and water ink How do you like that? Those people who detect all it does is kill organisms. You don't want anything to be alive in your meat And that's it. Yeah, right you want you but you want you're me to be alive. That's the question Live you're why not think alive in your meat, but you certainly want your meat to be alive That's what they say it's cemetery village in fact. That's their slogan for the new year 12 minutes after 11 at five 60 Oh If you ever still anybody out there who's not punching their brains out at VIPs forcebook.com If so, I got to tell you you're missing out on a really great sportsbook You're a lot of ads these days, but do some research before you plug your heart or money down at some unstable third world sportsbook Like a cemetery village. Let me help the VIPs forcebook.com is the only book to be unanimously endorsed by the industry watchdog all of them They're Dutch base, so how bad can they be in there one of the first online sports books? So seriously if you go on a roll of a lifetime at that point you want to be with the best sportsbook out To make sure you get your cash V.I.S.B. Sportsbook.com is the one VIPs sportsbook The football season is in full force and you need to be with the best VIPs sportsbook.com So open an account online and when you do that you get you a 15% son of cash bonus and did I mention? I don't think I did they have the highest parlay odds in the world up to 2001 Did I mention a Gary Sarner is an asshole? I'll say it again. Feel free to VIPs sportsbook.com and play the book with class that phone number is toll free 1866 VIP bets That's one eight six six VIP bets. What you waiting for man go to VIPs sportsbook.com and get that 15% cash bonus on an up-on line right VIPs sportsbook.com or you be the VIPs Department of what thank god you want to know why why? Well I put my bottle of card diet the caffeine free diet cooked down there and I didn't have the top seal completely Okay when I backed up my chair my beautiful office here that I bought with my own heart and put together some matter fact I knocked it over and so I ran any other room while I think was playing and I got me a towel and I just Soked it all up there and it's viewed it looks like Brandon. Excellent. Oh thank the Lord So I need to be doing as making a mess anyway. I was looking on a computer because I downloaded this oh and did you see the picture? This woman beaten a crap out of her daughter. Oh, yeah over and over and over again They've shown this more time than the pictures that are planes going into buildings on a picture the challenge What which one was it the challenger that blew up? Over and over search on and now before they said that they had arrested her now. It says search on from other In a parent tape being one year, but whether other witnesses parents have been and they got a tag number or something like that Which may be able to help in its investigation? Couple things about them. That's the chilling part of the story You see this woman look behind her to make sure nobody's there before she starts beating her child But in the store the person operate in the camera obviously knew there was a problem and was alerts in a wear because after we saw the pictures of what happened there He later focused on the license plate the license plate is from the state of Texas and that's how they were able to narrow down who this woman was All right, well the search goes on for the search goes on before they're just a little water go I thought they said I was positive they said oh, we got her they don't got her pitch But again, see in an exploiting human misery and suffering showing a key channel of these pictures are very disturbing Which is why they keep showing them the girl's name is Martha what we know that we don't know her's mother's name or what it Hell she is that bitch. Oh, she is Huh, how do we know her name is Martha? I don't know how we know her name is Martha how to how the wine oh how we know her name is Martha call up to the assholes It's yeah probably her name is Jane okay if she and answers her name is Martha her name is probably Ted I don't know But they've shown it over an over an is woman. They're like in a supermarket parking lot Maybe your daughter was trying to make for sure to buy your way needed beef Something like that so I downloaded a couple of pages here about church and school of wick of myself Okay, and I don't know about it because you're into all this crap what religions Welcome to the church in school of wick as home page since 1968 we have taught travel and written Sharing and it harm none and do as you will sounds like my thing do a d and h do no harm That's why I said you that thing and circled that they do no harm part of it. Yeah, I think they stole it for me Okay, they were first This website contains materials by and about the church and school of wicka including history Course descriptions biographies of the founders instructional tapes for sale of course and more We're always happy to meet with someone else who's interested in exploring witchcraft the old religion and slave love I told you it was witchcraft right? I didn't argue that and how you didn't what are you talking about? That's where the word comes from which comes from the word wicka which craft wicka craft is also called wicka all or Alternatively the craft the craft this previously underground religion as much to teach every human This must be something from passions from Tabitha and the heck you bought Just previous navigable religion as much as he's hearing him and about survival and about the ethical use of natures in eight powers The craft is a way of love that investigates every potential that you have it draws its strength from the diversity of nature itself Indeed it rejoices in diversity Your views and interest are just as well as anyone else's and we hope that you tool be a pushback the artificial barriers That's around many religious dogmas as we'll mention several times this website Which is our not Satanist the negativity in that offshoot of Christianity is not for positive thinkers such as witches There you go, so which one do you believe it? Which we got 85 agnostics a 60 Catholics 80 is 58 Jews 41 12.5% Wickin 32 which I don't believe that for a minute Protestants 29 born again Christians nine Buddhists five Muslims four to hope his witnesses. We got three so far We're gonna get one Christian scientist one lonely more in a one-scientologist and still not a single Hindu or sick how do you like that? Well they're busy working That's shocking to me. That is really depressing I feel at down Peter revise anti-mil campaign targets party schools. I did something Peter Stay college P. A god controversy question market asked this is on the associated press of course Boston.com People for the ethical treatment of animals has revived its anti-milk god beer campaign with ads in four college newspapers The ads appeared yesterday urging students to abandon dairy and favor of the brewery I do like that. Peter This is the first time I can think of that we have seen ads encouraging college students to drink booze The quarter page ad in Penn State University's the daily collegiate and features a silhouette of a beer bottle in reads got beer Better than milk find out more at milk sucks.com Yeah College students care about cruelty to animals and they need to know if they're consuming dairy products They're promoting animal abuse and harming their own health said bruce freedric Director of vegan outreach for nor for Virginia based organization Peter first came up with a slogan after a I spoke for the popular got milk campaign two years ago But it was retired after being criticized by mothers against drunk driving in other groups I would think that mothers against her would be pretty pissed off at any group that's encouraging college students to be drinking beer looking at nasty god Lisa Richie registered dietitist assistant professor family and consumer sciences at heart University in Circe Arca Sona said it was ridiculous what did I say? Arkansas? What? Said it was ridiculous to claim that drinking beer is healthy than drinking milk I think really it's a stretch to say that beer is going to be better that you can't drink milk Responsibly which you said beer is an empty calorie food where you can get about 130 calories in the can it's not a real nutrient packed Substance we're milk and an eight ounce serving in awful lot of nutrients right Especially since both most people are lactose intolerant anyway don't be drinking milk okay I don't give a crap what that bitch says don't be drinking cow's milk Do a George does drink a mother's milk right on or goat's milk In addition to the daily collegiate in the ad ran in student papers in Indiana University in Blumerton in Indiana University of Colorado in Boulder and FSU in Tallahassee oh my god As if those poor kids up there in FS and you don't have enough problems to deal with already They got some serious problems to deal with and I've got to worry about ads. It's a get beer Last year get drunk Like they we need to put ads and newspapers encouraging college students to drink beer Don't you think that's like of course we know the pita people are crazy anyway As if they need any encouragement That and I want to just said did you just said I'm just said that the campaign is targeted at the 10 schools Identify by Princeton review as the nation's top party schools and addition to Penn State Indiana Colorado Florida State The list include Alabama Buffalo everywhere you look down nobody ever heard of Buffalo before until as last the first We found these seven scumbags are eight what I've got six of them in Buffalo You know I'm saying and now we got to every other nasty story I'll take it a little heat off Miami now. It's Buffalo that blows at the front of the real bill Buffalo Tells Oh Clemson Florida new Hampshire and Wisconsin sweeping those gator people now Said drinking gatorade they're gonna be drinking Bud was it That gonna be drinking Bud was a bit drick and Miller light Pita also plan to run the antithuniversity of Penn's I guess college students don't drink light beer They drink cheap beer maybe maybe fat nice to Rao wasn't cheap. That's what I drank in college lots of Yeah, cheap it was sure I mean know that because I bought it too Pita's all also plan to run the antithuniversity of Pennsylvania in five schools Princeton review identified as stone cold sober Brigham young wheat in college and the Navy Air Force and Coast Guard academies the daily Universe at Vigamirium the daily Pennsylvania independent refused to run the ad It has nothing into a pita nothing to with effect at refers to alcohol said Matthew mugmon Executive director the daily Pennsylvania It really was a warning issue without getting into specifics Mothers against drunk driving as well renewed its criticism the campaign when dehammeled in president of mad She's mad as hell and I'm not gonna take it anymore Said at recent studies about binge drinking on campus and call the antiris possible and she's right In other words, so the so the choices are if you're not gonna drink milk drink beer These pita people are but it says it's absolutely ridiculous. It's an irresponsible recycle publicity stunt that literally puts cows before kids It's a pawling she said I guess she hasn't seen someone today's kids speaking of cows you ever see any those unhappy meals that they were circulating at the McDonald's playgrounds for a while They're the pita people yes Crazy it wasn't enough that they were picking on that poor Oscar myrmo bill Friedrich said those who focused on the probi raskar and missing the point He said that an envision a dairy products being unhealthy the dairy industry is cool to cattle The animals are racquatic pain. You said they put animals on the constant cycle of impregnation A third of the animals are sent to slaughter every year because their bodies are worn out and then they're turned to hamburger Are they a radio? They're babies are taken away from them with a couple days of birth off and with a couple hours of birth And you can hear these animals the babies their mothers wailing in agony Larry Hutchinson a professor of endary science at Penn State disputed that there's some Transcendant anxiety both from other and for baby Hutchinson said but provided the baby in this case the calf has been an adequate That provided for as far as environment the period of stress is rather short lived a matter of hours and then of course We go out and make some delicious meal Wow Love my a feel baby. Nobody's gonna take my a feel away from me life As a matter of fact right after the show did I'm gonna go out and give me some feel parmesan I think like that Just to tell those pita people to shove it okay take your cows and stick them right a mundo Shine right go in it you got it take you a little baby cow and Let me 27 I'm not getting a little emotional about that because I hate those people I can't stand them lunatics I mean, you know those are the same kind of people that take maybe some valid points and they make them so outrageous in our land Is in curimda such an extreme that no so in other words they do more harm than they do good if you catch my drift and they'll never tell you You're their real agenda which is the non use of any animal for any reason whatsoever period I see well don't tell the Chinese that don't take away their rat poison and the dogs Mac for shopping baby. There's one way to do with that smart that's making one easy phone call even an idiot can do that 1-800 mattress just write that number down right now jotted on your wrist 1-800 mA TTRES when you call that number you'll be connected immediately to an expert bed and consultant Who's only job is to hook you up with the best name brand mac for a non-beatable price and to get you delivered when you want to in other words when you're gonna be home It's an unbeatable deal all the way around and they got all the top brands in the world. I got service See these Simmons King Coral if you want to twin a king a queen whatever kind of bed you like to sleep on whichever brand whichever Kind whichever style you want the real high ones you need ladder to get on whatever you want They got it for you for ready for immediate delivery just about any to our window any day the week seven days awake when you're gonna be there and set a sitting around praying hoping That's somebody might show up and also you get that 30 day in the home comfort guarantees We can test you mattress the only smart way the only way to test it out when and out is to sleep on it and bounce around and do up seeing things on it So if you want to get you a great new mattress and a super night sleep for years to come do what I always do call the expert to dial a mattress toll free 1800 mattress 1800 mA T T R E S or check along that word wide wicked web at macros dot com I remember my first high school dance hey do you want a dance get lost, is it? I felt so out of place. I was in 98 pound weekly I tried out for the football team They didn't want nothing to do with me. I even tried out for the girl softball team and they beat the crap out of me But then I discovered milk and I kept on drinking and I kept on and I kept on and I kept on and And now after four years of drinking milk is graduation time and I'm still in 98 pound weekly That's why I'm up here on this water tower With the sci-fi hard rifle I'm 33 at five 60 it was a guy on a show Canadian show there But I have no idea what channel was on not that I'm saying difference who was carrying on like a lunatic They were having a big debate about milk and He was carrying on like a maniac about how most people are lactose intolerant that milk and dairy products like a lot of cheese What's unfortunate are the main causes of prostate cancer really and then if people were just stopping dairy products that the instance of prostate cancer would like Almost disappear is what he said. How do you like that don't forget the cheese? Arrested del Rey priest now faces federal sex charge Boy The federal prosecutor put a book a rambi and prison last year for soliciting sex from teenage boys over the internet took And yesterday a Roman Catholic priest arrested last week on the similar charge federal prosecutors on seal the criminal complaint yesterday against the Reverend Elias Guinemadi Guinmadi as 42 member him Nope Oh, maybe we're out sick that day that had the story of our lady queen of feast mission was to Del Rey beats ours after he had a bodyoring before Palm Beach County Circuit Court Judge Marvin mounts Assistant US attorney low thrift Morris moved to a flint a get a federal charge filed against Guinmadi's before bail could be sending could be freed The filing of the federal charge also raises the stakes in the case that is punishable by up to 15 years in prison while the state charge is punishable by up to five In a morning morning hearing mounts listed to the prosecution defense He listened and city would issue an ordered late afternoon That's today. He saved where Mars bail at $10,000 put around her house or Martin for badminton have unsupervised contact with children or access to a access to a computer Following all of this because I'm sure not all of that became moved when US magistrate judge Limea Johnson side of federal Morty tending with Marius without bail and keeping win Palm Beach County jail When Marius is scheduled be back in court today this time in front of Johnson and US district court in West Palm Beach He'll be informed of the charge and they will be said for a federal fond hearing well we already had his story last week. That's enough of that here's another guy that was kind of like old news Couldn't even knock off Mayor Pinga per Canyon our pull is the most evil man in South Florida I'll give you 10 clues as to who this is stories about and the first 15 don't count He's kind of like a hit the run guy, you know He gets his thing in blackbuster and then he runs you know and he gets his thing with the the Panthers knee runs off and the Marlon's He's buck of the drops right billionaire H. Wayne high-pengast stepping on his chairman of auto-nation ink the second chairman chipies were language did a week as he seeks to return to his entrepreneurial roots. Oh, maybe he's gonna go back to collecting garbage Hisinga said yesterday that all-nation CEO Mike Jackson will replace him as the auto retailers chairman on January 1 That allows Hisinga's announcement on September 13 that he'll return at the years in as chairman of Republic services ink Hasingable stay on as a member of the board of directors at both companies who remains a chairman and chief executive of Booker Resorts ink and of South Carolina based extended stay America ink That book of Resorts ink started out as Florida Panthers at whatever was stock And then all of a sudden that magically turned into book of resorts ink into a hotel stock at sediment so on Hisinga's long-diamondates South Florida's corporate culture massing fame and fortune by leading Wall Street Titans out on nation blockbuster Entertainment Corp before that he helped build waste management ink in Chicago You know we're talking about waste management and But Hisinga who turned 65 of the same or said he wants to shift his focus from corporate management I want to be out of the road making deals and investing he said And like I've said before how much is enough Wayne? Why do you have enough to be out and not to be out there making deals and weeping and squealing in the et cetera? Hisinga declined to come on on specific investments put through his actions beginning with last October sale of almost half his 32 million Automation shares and his recent public comments He has signaled his interest in creating a business concept to rival blockbuster and auto-nation Whether we'll find another waste management or blockbuster or auto-nation or send it to you again I don't know the chance to do something right here and a probably quite slim hyping is said who uses for Lutterdale based hyping of holdings is an investment vehicle, but that doesn't mean we're not out there looking he's looking He's not out to himself bigger and better and more gigantic and put more little people out of business out of my way Not another pre-story here. Yes What do you mean yes? Oh, I That's the one I thought I just reached back and picked it up Women please guilty to state charges here range for waterberry mayor to have sexual children is that the one now? That's a different a convicted prostitute plea to guilty whens data state charges that she helped arrange sexual encounters Between former waterberry Connecticut mayor Philopjeradano and a young daughter of a niece The 31 year old woman are pleading guilty to federal charges last week as part of her plea agreement She admitted the one day in waterberry superior court the charges of conspiracy and risk of injury to a minor The woman said nothing in court but prosecutors revealed the tales of her statements to authorities Providing a look into the government's case against the jeird ratino gia dano a three-term mayor and Republican nominee for you are said it in 2000 Not a good Republican Westbury states attorney John Conley said jeirdano paid the woman about 50 bucks to arrange oral sex with a And a Oh, no, yes Westbury states attorney John Conley said jeirdano paid the woman about $50 to arrange oral sex with a nine and eleven year old girls on about 15 different occasions while he was mayor The woman's admitted bringing one or both of the girls to the mayor's office jeirdanos former law office is former Home and Waterbury a kind of any of the city and his car for sex. She said because the girls had no knowledge of sex He also showed the she showed them what to do She's indicated this is a crack addict. She's Indicated she was addicted to drugs. She didn't for the money The AP is not identifying the one because of a relationship to a to these sexual assault That is that could be the sickest yup story man Dices of Lexington An ounce yesterday was issuing a one year suspension to two Catholic priest to play a guilty the charges of exposing the cells of Jacobs and Park the Rebber's Kenneth B. Waibel on William G. Pool No relation to a pocket have resigned their perishes at Perish posted the dice is request church official said yesterday Waibel pastor Saint Joseph Paris in Winchester and pull won't be kicked out of the priesthood But they must refrain from public ministry for a year according to a statement released by dice. He spoke to me Thomas if Sean is he what you love that name Sean is he good Irish Catholic boy I The punishment is 72 review and six months have poked John Paul the tooth of points in who Bishop did the Lexington Dices Foundry that's that's not to excited Former rather force you former Ohio priest over the abuse three men and a 12 year old boy See here's another one of these stories they keep telling us oh no, it just bags with teenagers. It just does chicken queens See the chicken hox on Washington now, you know rummese felled in chaining that crap Three men and a 12 year old boy sued two women Catholic dicees yesterday St. Louis were abused by priest who was dismissed in young stand later hired by the saggin on Michigan dice Isn't that where what's his name was from who question mark from a quest mark of the mysterious saggin on Michigan Remember that yes, of course The civil lawsuit was the eighth of its kind filed in two days and Ohio by Jeff Anderson a Saint Paul Minnesota Turnys from a set of handle more than 500 cases of abuse by clergy in 20 years But many sexual abuse allocation against Ohio priest there from the 60s to 80s the Michigan boy and the latest lawsuit city was abused as recently as last year The Reverend John E. Hammer and both the young stand and saggin our dicey So I named it the lawsuit according to the whole in county common please judge our Scott Kirchmbaam Hammer 49 announced his resignation from the pulpit of St. Mary church in Alma April 27 after the Allocations from young stand emerged He'd been passed to a church as an Alma and nearby St. Louis Michigan and these saggin our dicey's Steve Catalano and the other two men now in their 30s Say they were abused in the young stand by C starting in 1979 Catalano's hometown was not available Anderson said the 12 year of boy was abused in 2001 while it's in the same arena. Oh, we were boy We rest our case 19 till unknown if five 60 WQ and boy. I said it's a long show today. You know, I don't know I'm kind of like an I'm not saying I'm like an it just seems to me like it's 19 till one don't know. She think it's 19 or one It ought to be I think up there like in in Nova Scotia somewhere. It's like an infected There are some places where it's like an hour and a half difference. Yeah, we're that. I think that is Nova Scotia We're all be dang. I want to have different stuff. They're rather little strange up there in weird concept Just ask my friend Wally Hennessy. He'll tell you about those folks. Hey, how's it going? Hey, Wally? Wally Honor goes down to the horse by there was verran right on by like your you and money maker like your standing still. Well, that's okay Nice drive, baby Hey, with your busy lifestyle and you need all the energy you can to feel healthy especially in the tremendous humidity And all the crap that goes on in South Florida the hurricanes and they are rain and the with the rain and the wind and you're here I'm playing that by Pat Boone the later on. I know oh Anyway, all of you might can help you staying good health because it contains all kind of good stuff for you Pharmaceutical rate olive oil on with vitamins and minerals and rebels and little soft-shell capsule and there's a separate old-element product for separate parts Your health they make one for your blood pressure your heart your cholesterol your prostate your circle of perisystem Digest of an endocrine system you've skin and bones are even an oleomate capsule designed to help your mind and believe me It couldn't hurt Auducing the benefits of the finest purest olive oil anywhere and oleomate makes products for men and women as well It's an outstanding new assigning product that's helped thousands of women all over town stay fit and you can do the same thing by picking up some today at Whole Food Markets Walgreens Sedano's or Navarro Pharmacies for more information just call Oelio Meditor tool free number 1-866 Oelio Med That's 866 Oelio Med and you can get more information and order this great new product on their website at oliomedamerica.com I got a new product on my website at oliomedamerica.com I got a new product on my website at oliomedamerica.com I got a new product on my website at oliomedamerica.com I got a new product on my website at oliomedamerica.com I got a new product on my website at oliomedamerica.com I got a new product on my website at oliomedamerica.com I got a new product on my website at oliomedamerica.com I got a new product on my website at oliomedamerica.com I got a new product on my website at oliomedamerica.com I got a new product on my website at oliomedamerica.com I got a new product on my website at oliomedamerica.com I got a new product on my website at oliomedamerica.com I got a new product on my website at oliomedamerica.com I got a new product on my website at oliomedamerica.com I got a new product on my website at oliomedamerica.com I got a new product on my website at oliomedamerica.com I got a new product on my website at oliomedamerica.com I got a new product on my website at oliomedamerica.com I got a new product on my website at oliomedamerica.com I got a new product on my website at oliomedamerica.com I got a new product on my website at oliomedamerica.com I got a new product on my website at oliomedamerica.com I got a new product on my website at oliomedamerica.com I got a new product on my website at oliomedamerica.com I got a new product on my website at oliomedamerica.com I got a new product on my website at oliomedamerica.com I got a new product on my website at oliomedamerica.com I got a new product on my website at oliomedamerica.com I got a new product on my website at oliomedamerica.com I got a new product on my website at oliomedamerica.com I got a new product on my website at oliomedamerica.com I got a new product on my website at oliomedamerica.com I got a new product on my website at oliomedamerica.com I got a new product on my website at oliomedamerica.com I got a new product on my website at oliomedamerica.com I got a new product on my website at oliomedamerica.com I got a new product on my website at oliomedamerica.com I got a new product on my website at oliomedamerica.com I got a new product on my website at oliomedamerica.com I got a new product on my website at oliomedamerica.com I got a new product on my website at oliomedamerica.com I got a new product on my website at oliomedamerica.com I got a new product on my website at oliomedamerica.com I got a new product on my website at oliomedamerica.com I got a new product on my website at oliomedamerica.com I got a new product on my website at oliomedamerica.com I got a new product on my website at oliomedamerica.com I got a new product on my website at oliomedamerica.com I got a new product on my website at oliomedamerica.com I got a new product on my website at oliomedamerica.com I got a new product on my website at oliomedamerica.com I got a new product on my website at oliomedamerica.com I got a new product on my website at oliomedamerica.com I got a new product on my website at oliomedamerica.com I got a new product on my website at oliomedamerica.com I got a new product on my website at oliomedamerica.com I got a new product on my website at oliomedamerica.com I got a new product on my website at oliomedamerica.com I got a new product on my website at oliomedamerica.com I got a new product on my website at oliomedamerica.com I got a new product on my website at oliomedamerica.com I got a new product on my website at oliomedamerica.com I got a new product on my website at oliomedamerica.com I got a new product on my website at oliomedamerica.com I got a new product on my website at oliomedamerica.com I got a new product on my website at oliomedamerica.com I got a new product on my website at oliomedamerica.com I got a new product on my website at oliomedamerica.com I got a new product on my website at oliomedamerica.com I got a new product on my website at oliomedamerica.com I got a new product on my website at oliomedamerica.com I got a new product on my website at oliomedamerica.com this is in USA today.OS Congraturator is asked to turn fragign mewith the riot mains Ascrop has used it in news conferences and in several TV appearances to explain the focus on Hatfield, 48 a former researcher at the US Army Medical Research Institute of Inflections Diseases at Forty-Prick, Maryland. Hatfield was one of about 40 scientists in the west had access to both Anthrax and expertise in out of Handlet. Grassley, a frequent FBI critic, said he has no views about the FBI's focus on Hatfield. It's important that the government acted according to laws rules, policies, and procedures rather than make arbitrary decisions that affect individuals he—individual citizens, he said. Ryan C. era, a distance of armance spokesman declined comment on his request. Pat Clausean spokesman for Hatfield said grassley's questions are right on target and go to the core of the abuses of civil liberties here. Traditionally, the FBI has used such terms as suspect, subject, and target to describe people under investigation. The terms are used at different stages of a probe and differently. A USA today search of the US attorneys manual, the Handbook for Predator Federal prosecutors, on the Justice Department's website when they yielded no hits on the term person of interest. How do you like that? They couldn't find it. The manual contains several of our fences to suspect subjects and targets. A suspect is usually not only describing what it comes under suspicion by law enforcement, a subject is defined as a person who conducts his within the scope of a grand jury probe. A target is a person who is doomed to prosecute or the grand jury has substantial evidence looking him or her to the commission of a crime. Grassley asked as Crocodile Brobat examples of others who have been publicly named in the past three years as a person of interest in an investigation. The Senator also requested about Justice's information about their policy on seeking the removal of a person from a department funded program. Nice gone there, Senator Granchley. Good old Republican. There you know who which one that is? Yep. The old coup would have glasses. Nice gone there. Coup. He's an old coup. He's a crinkle up old coup. He's a good guy. Good old Chuck. I was caught calling by name Chuck. Death taxes and a miracle in Naples. I think that it's approaching new now. It's Friday. I think this is an appropriate time for this story. The substance many of the Appalachian's believe is the dried blood of their pain-francent liquified right on Q Thursday and a twice year early miracle. I'm so tongue-tied I can't even read this. In a twice-yearly miracle. Thousands of faithful crammed in the Naples Cathedral. Now this isn't Naples Florida. Building miracle over there according to Bob Berruth is that the beeslies have an IQ enough to get out of bed in the morning. That's what he told me. This is Naples Italy. Thousands of faithful crammed in Naples Cathedral. Let's see the blood of the fourth century. Saint-Thed-Ginaro. Turn from, is that like related to Maria-Ginaro you think? No. Puzantivi-do-nous in Buffalo here. Saint-Ginaro turn from powder to liquid which they see is a good olman for the city in the world. Let's hear it. All right. The miracle has been recorded almost without fail for the past 600 years. On September 19th, the Saints feast day and the first Saturday and May. When the bloods remain dry, tragedies have followed, scientists have confirmed that the substance inside the closed vile is blood, the can't explain why it regularly turns to liquid. Cardinal Michele Jordan on until the conversation as you as miracle was especially good because the blood had liquefied and less than an hour. Really good olman. It's an extraordinary event also because you can see clearly that the blood has changed color. That's when OUR like that. And there's more. Well, no, this is from CBS News. You have to take care of it. No, well, why does CBS News follow that way? Because they're not a Canadian thing that a British thing. This is some muggytow over there. The way it's an extraordinary event because you can clearly see the blood has changed color and there's more of it. Jordan was said holding up the glass vile. In 1998, Jordan was under investigation. Here we go. Here we come with a good stuff. Okay. Speaking of blood money. In 1998, Jordan was under investigation for a loan sharking, extortion and criminal association. That year, the blood appeared to liquefied after thousands of the appallants carried a stenture of the St. through the central streets of the city and then celebrated mass in the cathedral. The miracle served as broken media, impassioned debate among Italians over whether was a side of divine favor for the cardinal in his loan sharking case. Exaster is directly at least five times after the blood failed to liquefied. In 1527, the plague killed 40,000 people and more recently in November of 1980, some 3000 people lie in a massive earthquake that struck southern Italy. How do you like that? So it's good for the public and it's good for his criminal charges too. The good cardinal. Michael says, Gays should not be pre-speaking of the Vatican and Italy and Ednick of the Woods. A staff member of an influential Vatican office as published in article arguing that Gays should not be ordained as priest in the wake of the clerical sex abuse scandal. If a man is gay, then he should not be admitted to holy orders and his presence in the seminary would not only give him false hope, but a main fact, hindered the therapy he needs, months in your Edward Baker of the Congregation of Viships Road. Reach by phone and Rome, Baker would not immediately say whether his supervisors reviewed or approved the article before was printed in the Jesuit of magazine America due out Monday. However, church observers say Baker's arguments were evidence of the holy seas views on homosexuality a critical time for the Roman Catholic Church. Madecón Madecón, that's what he was saying under his breath. Madecón The Congregation prohibitions is one of the most important offices in the Vatican because it deals with bishop's conferences and it also recommends names to the Pope to appoint bishop's around the world so the Reverend Thomas Rees, a relation to Bobby Reeser, editor of the New York-based magazine, a relation to Harvey Rees. I think the article helps us understand the thinking of at least some people in the Vatican on the question of ordaining gay men. Baker frames the article by noting that the church in society a focus partly on the role of homosexuality in the clerical sex abuse scandal, he then asks whether a man with predominantly homosexual tendencies should be allowed to join the clergy. Most of the victims of malestation by priests have been adolescent boys, see, do we go with that lie again? Yes. Any of these stories we had today were they're like adolescent boys and both of them, I don't think any of them. They were all like nine and 12 and 13, which I don't know. Maybe we're just getting some bad information. Experts on sex offenders say there is no credible evidence that homosexuals are more likely than heterosexuals to abuse children, but several church leaders have included a gay clergy at a blame for the scandal that has played the American church this year. In other words, they're a good scapegoat as usual. The Vatican is reviewing the New York-based discipline policy for abusive priests that the US vicious approved three months ago. The church teaches that homosexuality is a disorder not a sin, but engaging in gay sex is sinful. They said they enjoyed it, but it's sinful. I mean, if nobody committed no sins, then it would be the purpose of confession, right? Of course. Estimates of the number of homosexuals in cemeteries are very dramatically from 10% to 50% 90% would in several months. 95. We then several lots of addicts and team will start evaluating all US cemeteries and issue of gay studying for the priesthood is expected to be a top issue. Early on in the scandal, Pope John Paul the Tumstcoxman publicly questioned whether gay should be ordained, John Paul Paul visiting Brazilian bishops at Tember 5, that men with obvious signs of deviations must be barred from becoming priests alluding to the crisis in the church. Bakers appreased the diocese of Ananton, Pennsylvania, and one of about 20 staffers at the congregation of bishops. He argued that even celibate gaze may not be good candidates for the priesthood, he worried that homosexuals would have difficulty remaining celibate in the all-male seminary environment, and would struggle with their denied church teaching on homosexuality. He also says, I guess gay people also shouldn't be in college in all-male dormitories. Well, good thing. Good thing they have court dorms now. And it's certainly not in locker rooms. He also sent gaze may be more familiar with certain patterns and techniques of the sift and repression as they learned to survive in a predominantly heterosexual world, hurting their spiritual development. It may be that a man could be healed as such a disorder and then could be considered intervention of the seminary and possibly the Holy Orders he wrote, but not while being afflicted with a disorder. Not while they were affected with that thing, but at the faigy thing. They can heal you. They can help you with that. Yeah, heal this. I don't know too many physicians who could heal themselves when you come right down with. 1156 at 560 WQM are big noon to one hour. It seems like I've been here only like 20 hours today. I don't know why they are. I don't know. Seems like I've been here for a couponsage today, but the ones that go in life faster. Yeah. We serve flying by before we know it'll be back there. New balance of South Florida covers all your athletic and footwear needs. If you need new athletic shoes for cross training, running, cross dressing, walking, weightlifting, any other of your activities done. There are new balances of South Florida has got you covered in your feet covered as well. In fact, they come up with a revolutionary concept when you go in there. They still measure it the old fashioned way, the length of it, the width of it and your foot too. With all the other brands of shoes that they don't fit, you have to go to another model or type, but not with new balance. New balances got athletic shoes that give you the best possible fit from infant all the way up to size 20. They can even fit time-welling. New balance of South Florida's got styles and shoes and what's the shoes that you can only find before in catalogs or by mail order. New balances, you're one stop shop and if for any reason in the world, they need to special order issues because they're not in stock. They'll do it in a extra charge. You'll have them in no time at all. Make a run to New Balance of South Florida in the Average Room All Pine Crest Book at Town Center and now coming in November to their newest location in Palm Beach Garden. Oh, right. If your feet could take it, they would for sloughing them over to New Balance. My life and love. This is for trail by 60. Way to way, you ain't. We're about to believe it be the one that clove our lives ever for that fine. The kind of ride that I think is around this today. Now in the classic center wheels fixed up the way above the foot of the key. Now we're repeating the time and the grip is cold and the dyes of the vassie. Now the can of the quick carry yoke. Now baby. We're going to go down to the carry to be baby through. Now baby. Kind of little little little baby. To the cement kit, now to a bounce out the road. And the pit that is put down way. Now we've been all this stuff, don't take eels of the other random piece of the brakes. I got 179, my old boat at Oelina. She showed it in mind now, it's my baby, Kettle Lake. Darling baby. Overknocker, not a carry, baby. Darling baby. Darling baby. Shiny game, build it real, spin it in real. Go. I got my wind goes down, I know how to tell you because they're easy to work on. So, I'm going to go down, baby. I'm going to go down, baby. I'm going to go down, baby. I'm going to go down, baby. I'm going to go down, baby. I'm going to go down, baby. I'm going to go down, baby. I'm going to go down, baby. I'm going to go down, baby. I'm going to go down, baby. I'm going to go down, baby. I'm going to go down, baby. I'm going to go down, baby. I'm going to go down, baby. I'm going to go down, baby. I'm going to go down, baby. I'm going to go down, baby. I'm going to go down, baby. I'm going to go down, baby. I'm going to go down, baby. The sick way between that shoefro, number one element and that's our base. It's such a perfect, it's so smooth, you know what I mean? It'd be really smooth. 12, 3, 5, 60, WQ. I'm happy Friday afternoon, so now the first, the beginning of the story is kind of interesting with choice of words they use. Let me just read to the first few words. A fewer over in Ledger Mark by Germany's Justice Minister. You see what I'm saying? I get it. A fewer over in Ledger Mark by Germany's Justice Minister, comparing George W. Bush to Nazi dictator 8-all Hitler, is escalating on the last school day of campaigning for Sunday's election. Here at that, Daubler Gamelins comments to a group of labor union members on Wednesday, allegedly saying the US president was going after Saddam Hussein ordered to divert attention from domestic problems as far to media friends. Although I think that part of it, you may have a pretty good point. That's a popular method, even Hitler did that. German newspaper, Schraubbe Sches talked about, quoted her saying. How do you pronounce that paper again? If you don't want to know. The Rao is threatening the damage Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder just today's before a cliffhanger election as Poles Schroeder just as shit ahead of conservative challenger, Edmund Stoyber. Newspaper editor also in opposition parties are demanding the resignation of Daubler Gamelin, who is denied the remarks. Justice ministry spokesman Thomas Weber grilled by journalists with a dog in his last senior before the resignation of Defense Minister Rudolf Sharpig and July has repeatedly denied that the minister made the comparison. Ms. Daubler Gamelin talked to US ambassador on the phone is warned to clarify that the reports have no basis he told a news conference. An editorial in Bill, Germany's biggest selling newspaper states, a cabinet member who makes such comparisons and doesn't apologize I should be fired, if not by the chancellor than by voters. This shows what Schroeder when his social democrats really think of our American allies, Thomas Goppel, and a destroyer's conservative challenger Edmund Stoyber told the AP, Schroeder said he doubts that he made the remark but added there would be no place in his cabinet for somebody who is made such a comparison. US Senator Jesse Holmes of North Carolina, the ranking Republican on the Senate for relations committee said the German chancellor has damaged germar relations with the US in a way that cannot be easily repaired. He added Congress should consider withdrawing US forces from their bases in Germany. If Schroeder wins the election in Germany fails to join a constructive dialogue on Iraq. Oh yeah. And then interesting how we're running around warning everybody now. Nice threat. Mm-hmm. Stoyber primarily wealthy state of Bavaria, why do like the very in crime pie? Is due to hold a final evening rally in Berlin tonight, before heading back to a state capital of Munich on Saturday. Well good luck to them. Not see bastards. I shouldn't have said that. We have a lot of good German friends out there. No. US abandoned Zephyrd on Girmore Treaty. This is in the Boston Globe. It's more the same crap. The Bush administration has abandoned an international effort to strengthen the biological weapons convention against Girmore Fair, advising its allies that the US wants to delay for the discussions until 2006. I review conference on new verification measures for the treaty headwind schedule for November. Less than a year after the State Department envoy abruptly pulled out of a BioWr for negotiations in Geneva, promising that the US would return with new proposals. The administration is concluded that treaty revisions favored by the European Union and scores of other countries will not work and should not be salvaged. The decision which has been conveyed by allies and recent weeks has been greeted with warnings that the move will weaken attempts to curb Girmore Fair programs at a time when biological weapons are focused of concern because of the war on terrorism and the administration's threats to launch a military campaign against Iraq. It also comes as the administration which is angered allies by rejecting the series of multilateral agreements is appealing to the international community to work with it and forging a new UN Security Council resolution on Iraq's program to develop weapons of mass destruction. On 1972, biological weapons convention which has been ratified by the US and 143 other countries fans the development stockpiling of production of Girmore Fair agents but has no enforcement mechanism. Amy Smithson, a biological or chemical weapon specialist, said the administration is making a mistake by halting collaborative work to strengthen the convention not a day goes by when they don't mention the Iraq threat she said. That's right. Well, it's dangerous but we can wait. Right. In fact, there was a here-mom-careing rum spill just due to a cooking up that thing in front of Congress. And that was at a disgrace. That smallpox scenario. But hey, listen to the bookmans got smallpox. And of course, it's an interchangeable bookmans one day it's this one next day it's that one day it's Osama Yamama the next day it's sadum which everyone is the bookmans to do sure. French government to seek return of Nazi work on the presence speaking of Nazis. The French government said yesterday and of course there's been a big flat about this. First they let him out. And of course the French as we know never met a dictator and they never met a terrorist they never met a Nazi that they didn't like the French. Always have been having. You always read about some scumbag who's hanging out on the French Riviera. Yep, they love them. The French government yesterday said it would seek to overturn the decision to free Maurice Peppong, although we do like his mustard. He highest ranking, French have been inevitably convicted of a Nazi war crimes in WW2. With support from both President Jacques-Shirac and Prime Minister Gian Pierre Raffer and Justice Minister Dominique Prevain, order of the State Prosecutor in Paris to seek to be versatile of the decision by a three judge appeals court panel on Wednesday to release Mr. Peppong 92 from prison because of his age in poor health. Public opinion is troubled Mr. Parental RTO, adding that President Shirac felt a healthy strong emotions of those directly involved in the affair. In other words he's feeling the heat, baby. Mr. Shirac's new center right government is his personal concern that the release will spark public protest in France over the freeing of a Nazi work criminal and fuel the perception abroad especially in the US that France is anti-Semitic. No, it's not a perception, okay, it's a reality. Legal basis for an appeal is the court test of law passed last March that allows prisoners to go free if two doctors agree they suffer from fatal illness or their health is jeopardized in prison. For an archauchner, former health minister with champion the new law said that it had been misused in the Peppong case. He said the law was intended to help convicts with life-threatening illnesses like AIDS or cancer to get proper treatment unavailable in prison. We've been trapped by our own generosity, Dr. Carlson told Europe one radio. Mr. Peppong was serving 18 years since for signing the deportation orders for more than 1500 Jews while it was an administrator in Bordeaux under the Pronocivici regime. It was read Wednesday and photos of walking unedited at a prison prompted protest from some Jewish group that he was not as ill as Dr. said. And at least they're playing like basketball and running around and doing like a left. They said, well, just a second here. Hold your horses. Oh, after the break, I'm going to take the break like a little bit early. Okay. David E. Sanger writes in the New York Times today. Bush to outline doctrine of striking foes first. This is what's going to get everybody with wild diarrhea over the weekend because we're changing our whole concept of the way the world works now in our role in it. Now we're going to be the aggressor. Whenever, whenever and wherever to help we feel like it. How do you like that? We're going to go get a boy. So anybody that says he was a cowboy. I think maybe they had a point, you know? Yeah. We want him dead or alive, baby. The old guns slunger. Tell you. 10 minutes passed noon. Don't forget the QM panel. Be out of car max located in Miami just off the 836 and 1300 northwest 803. What is it? I can't read that number. I got like a mental block. I want his big number. Oh, I see. 1300 north 98. Court tomorrow 11 to 1. Stuff out of win our crappy prizes and free food. Excellent free food. Crapy prizes but good food. Can't do everything. From a 90 city sub square, the bread makes the difference in our good friend. I were too. I don't even remember the other guys name anymore. I do, but I want to say it. Oh, I'll say it. Dred Scott. 10 minutes after noon at 560 WQM. We got the mad dog at one. The Hank with a full four hour show today. Oh my God. This man. I had a lot of train. I think this is the upper first. That will draw four hours show in months. I'm you know what I think about guys that don't, you know, pull a full time. Delights of West Boca. Your fish, latkins dot retail center reminds you that all icons, grand products are 25% off every day of your life. Delights carries the complete line of icons dot products as well as over 500 delicious low carbon sugar free foods as reported recently in New York Times on CNN in News week time magazine. The latest news in World Report, your weekly reader, date line NBC and CBS news. The adkins dot continues to be one of the most popular and successful diets. Low carb dieting is finally getting some of the respect to deserves and the likes of us focus been the leader in the low carb sugar free diet field for a coupons age. Over 100,000 of the customers will testify. They're just ain't no better store. There's no competition. Delights will not be under so old. And you can settle anything from their incredible selection too. You can try it before you buy it before you pop it in your posts and pay for it. You got to like that. Delights friendly and usable staff will walk you through the store. Point you to write direction and share you one. They'll stand around in a plot big time as the pounds just come flying off your fact disgusting body. Don't forget there's only one to lunch. The West Boca. You'll find him on the northeast corner of blazing for 41 in Boca open seven days week till 10 p.m. Call their toll free number at 1 8 7 7 low carb. That's one 8 7 low 7 low carb. My good little confused with this copy. No. Okay. Good. Call 1 8 7 7 low carb or check their website and forget about what I'm saying at low carb.com. My good little old this is 560. Where you going your. You ain't. Why do you pass dude? 560 WQ. Hey, and presents the OPN Anthony show with no Howard David. This is Obey. And I'm Anthony. You're way to minute it's me with a low voice. Oh. Yeah, you got the affected point. Okay. Hi Anthony. Yeah, I hope you and let's not forget our old down. Oh, Howard David. Yeah, I was wondering how long would take for you to punch the go around for me. I really hit the big time. Hey, right. Yeah, I'm with the OPN Anthony. Hey, Mom. What? Take off your pants. Yeah, we're going to rape you now. You got to be kidding me. This is a family show. Uh, wrong. This is the gop on Anthony show. The command. I put your guys only get that in choice. Hey. Get your hands up. Get out of there. Get out of there. Get out of there. Don't touch my delicate self-tender. Oh. What is everybody want to rape me? Like us. We think it's funny. Yeah. You got a nice back. I got those for you, Pally. I'm still spraining. Oh, I ought to apologize you. Oh. Oh. I got a hands-tight open. I want the red ball. I'm not per this. All right, my open wife. You're junkie. Let's sing that together now, shall we? Okay. Open my poor junkie. All right, stop spraining. Okay. That's... Oh, good. Yeah. You, sir, let's. No, see. Don't sit up. I said, now we'll get. I'm sorry. Ready for some medieval love. We have to get. They're not the class of me now. I really tell you that. It's a biggie guy now. No, I'm not. Poor luck, you have to get. You're welcome. I'll take that away now. What? You're just going to leave me here. It will be right back. Unfine 60. I feel so used. Top 60 that flies 60 WQA. I'm so just showing again that the beating the woman, the beating the mother, being a little daughter for your old girl. Over and over and over again. And now the deal is they got some prosecutor kind of prosecutor on. Did you see that? Oh, yeah. And she's babbling about well. So I guess obviously they know who it is because she said the family view the videotape. They sure did them. And the reaction wasn't what they would expect. Maybe this is the way they do discipline their house, you know. When in doubt, punch him out. That's what the presidences we're going to be doing. Today the Bush administration will publish its first comprehensive rationale for shifting American military strategy toward preemptive action against hostile states and terrorist groups developing weapons of mass destruction. The strategy document will also state for the first time that the United States will never allow its military supremacy to be challenged the way it was during the Cold War. And the 33-page document Mr. Bush also seeks to answer the critics of growing American muscle flexing by insisting that the U.S. will exploit its military economic power to encourage security strategy of the U.S. is one that every president is required to submit to Congress. It's the first comprehensive explanation of the administration's foreign policy from defense strategy to global warming, a copy of the final draft was obtained by the New York Times. It sketches out a four more muscular and sometimes aggressive approach to national security than any essence of Reagan era. It includes the discounting of most non-proliferation treaties in favor of a document of counter-proliferation, a reference to everything from missile defense to forcefully dismantling weapons of their components. It declares that the strategies of containing and deterrence staples of American policy since the 40s are all but dead. There is no way in this change worldly document states to deter those who weight the United States and everything for which it stands, one nation under Omser. America is now threatened less by concrete states than we are by failing ones of document states, and the United States is now threatening what amounts to a death now for many of the key strategies of the Cold War. One of the most striking elements of the most strategy document is its insistence that the president has no intention of allowing any foreign power to catch up with a huge lead the U.S. is open since the fall of the Soviet Union more than a decade ago. The tone of this is just dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb. I told you, I told you, our, and this is in New York Times and this isn't something somebody made of. The document being given by the administration to Congress earlier, we're never going to have our military might challenged. That is correct. We're going to be one of the last four. No one's like like a football thing, man. We're in a recruiting game and we're not going to let you catch up to us. Our forces will be strong enough Mr. Bush's documents states to dissuade political adversaries from pursuing a military buildup and hopes is surpassing or equaling the power of the United States. So in other words, if you think they hate us around the world now, just wait. With Russia so financially, with Russia so financially, how will the can no longer come close to matching American military spending? The documents seem needed rising powers like China, which is a Spanish conventional and nuclear forces. Administration officials have worked on the strategy for months to hit a monster to both a maturation and explanation of Mr. Bush's vision for the exercise of American power after 20 months in office, integrating the military, economic, and moral levers he holds. Much of the document focuses on how public diplomacy the use of foreign aid and changes in the international monetary fund of the World Bank can be used to win what he, it describes as a battle of competing values and ideas, including a battle for the future of the Muslim world. The president put the final touches on new strategy last week in the can't David after working on it for months with his national security adviser, Condolees are rice and with other members of the national security team. In its military hawkishness, its expressions of concern that Russian reforms could be undermined by the country's elite, and its focus on bolstering foreign aid, especially for literacy, training, and aids, in particularly berth the stamp of Ms. Rice's thinking. A senior White House official said Mr. Bush's edited document heavily because he thought there were sections where we sounded overbearing or arrogant. I think goodness for that. But at the same time the official said is important to foreclose the option to that other nations could aspire to challenge the US militarily, because once you cut off the challenge of military competition, you open up the possibility of cooperation in a number of other areas. Still the administration's critics at home and a broad will almost certainly find ammunition in the document for their argument, then Mr. Bush's only interested in a multilateral approach as long as it doesn't frustrate his will. At several points, the document states clearly that when important American interests are at stake, there will be no compromise. The document argues that while the US will seek allies in the battle against terrorism, we will not hesitate to wipe the load of necessary to exercise our right of self-defense by acting preemptively, that includes convincing or compelling states to accept their sovereign responsibilities not to wait terrorists. The essence of the Dr. Mr. Bush declared on the 9th of 9th of 11 2001. The White House delayed releasing the document this week so that it's likely the discussion of conditions under which the US might take unilateral preemptive action would not dominate delicate negotiations in the United Nations or the testimony of administration officials who appear to congressional hearings to discuss Iraq. The new strategy departs significantly from the last one published by President Clinton at the year of 1999. Mr. Clinton's strategy, the Delta Lankwood tactics, can prevent the kind of financial meltdowns that threaten the economy's nation Russia. The Bush's strategy urges other nations to adopt Mr. Bush's own economic philosophy, starting with low marginal tax rates. Boy, chair, do you want a good job here, baby? While Mr. Clinton's strategy relied heavily on enforcing or amending a series of international treaties from the 1972 anti-Bolicic missile treated the comprehensive nuclear test band treaty, he wrote a protocol on the environment, Mr. Bush's strategy dismisses most of those efforts. In fact, the new document which Mr. Bush told a staff had to be written in plain English because the boys in Lubbock ought to be able to read it. Celebrates his decision last year to abandon the ABM treaty because it impeded American efforts to build a missile defense system. It recites the dangers of non-proliferation agreements that a failed event Iran or Iraq and other countries from obtaining weapons of mass destruction and says that the US will never subject its citizens to newly created international criminal court, whose jurisdiction does not extend to Americans. The document makes no reference to the Kyoto record, but sets an overall objective of cutting American greenhouse gas emissions for a unit of economic activity by 18% over the next 10 years. The administration says that's a reasonable goal given its view of the current state environmental science. It's critics however point out that the objective is voluntary and allows enormous room for American emissions to increase as the American economy expands. The document also describes a great lengthy administration's commitment to bolstering American foreign aid by 50% in the next few years and factories whose governments ruled justly and vested in their people and encourage economic freedom. It insists that the programs must have measurable results to assure that the money is actually going to the poor, especially for schools, healthcare and clean water. Let's hear it, baby. Right, America, man. Yeah. I told you that was going to take your insides in twist them into a knot. Yeah. It leaves you almost speechless. We're then we turned into the Nazis. Exactly. We're going to dominate the world. The Nazis are the brits. I'm not really sure we're going to build the American Empire. We're going to let you dominate everybody. Anybody in the trash to catch up with us? Why not being baby? But I'm being. Of course this deal, you can just imagine speaking of logic, Texas, the kind of appeal this has and the kind of people to whom it appeals. Oh yeah. Little NRA gunsling in type. How is that pull coming? This is our second, our semi-annual religion pull. We did them on back in March. It'll be interesting. I don't want to see it yet, but I'm Monday. If Eric still got a bunch from March, we can let compare. And see if we got to change this with what people believe. Number two, if anybody left listening. Oh no, Neil. You're out of touch with what's going on in South Florida. That ain't going to work. That's what my little friend Tom Jickus said. No, Shinto's yet. So we went through all that trouble. Eric put it on there right away. We don't have one, Jeff. Ah, she ate. Hinder, we got one. Sciental, this we got a pair. More men and pair. Christian scientists. If you're, I hope his witness is three. Muslim six, Buddha six nine six. I guess that's possible, huh? Sure. Why not? I'm going to be in Christian's 13. Wicken 36. See, that's a one I find. I don't know. Although a Carlos knows several. Protestant 38 Jewish 49, 11.3% Catholic 79, atheist 86 and agnostic 100. So between the agnostic and atheists, we got 43%. That's not bad, huh? Not bad at all. We'll take it. Paul Cragman writes in today's New York Times, the vision thing. This is the way to recover ends. Not with a bangler with a whimper. Okay, I could be wrong. Your Nester production is falling off and layoffs are rising. But it's still not a sure thing that the months ahead will be bad enough for the business cycle referees to declare a renewed recession. And on the other hand, the administration seems determined to have a bang. Sometime before November 5th. But right now it looks as if the economy is stalling. Also as if the people in charge have no idea what to do in short. It's feeling a lot like the early 1990s. It doesn't really matter whether you call what's going on right now. A slow recovery or recession. Most people don't care whether the GDP growth is slightly above or below zero. But matters to them is whether they can find jobs and keep them. And the job situation is increasingly dismal. A 5.7% unemployment rate doesn't sound that bad. But unusually large number workers have given up searching for jobs. The overall unemployment rate also doesn't reflect the rapidly growing number of people who are truly desperate because they've been out of work for six months or more. And the employment situation is likely taken a significant turn for the worst. The number of people filing new claims for unemployment insurance, a leading indicator of future unemployment has increased sharply over the past month. At best, then this is a recovery that as far as workers are concerned might as well be a continuing recession. The center on budget and policy priorities points out that in terms of job losses and long-term unemployment, the current slowdown is already a match for the nasty recession of the early 1990s. So this really is like the early 90s all over again. The economic similarity between our current difficulties and the slump under the first George Bush is stronger than most people realize. In 1990 as in 2001, the economy went into recession in part because of past excesses, even though those quaint old scandals involving junk bonds and real-stays vaculations seem very tame in the age of Enron and Tycho. In the early 90s as today, recession was followed by a jobless recovery in which GDP grew but employment did not. And then as now there was concern that interest rate caused by the Fed might not be enough to turn the economy around. Though back then we didn't yet have the example of Japan to show that the liquidity trap in which even a zero interest rate is enough to produce an economic recovery was a real possibility in the modern world. But the most striking similarity between our decade ago seems to me as political. For all the differences between the moderate father and the deeply conservative son, now as then we have an administration whose key figures are fundamentally uninterested in and uncomfortable with economic policy. That statement may strike you as strange, wasn't the task that George's WCC was able to achieve even before Osama came along, but the task was never intended as an economic policy. It was a political gesture designed to ward off a challenge from Steve Forbes and satisfy the conservative base. Only later to the administration make the providential discovery that it was also just a thing to fight recession from old family values and cure the common cold. And it can seem to come up with anything else now that the tax cut wasn't designed to fight a recession as sure enough failed to fight a recession. When Treasury Secretary Paul O'Neill was asked for new ideas that came out of the economical wakeos summit as answer was, Are you ready? Making the tax cut permanent. Should we be worried about the administration's lack of the vision thing when it comes to economics? Yes, we should. The excess of the 90s dwarf those of the 80s, the economic risk are correspondingly larger. Suppose that as seems increasingly plausible, the deteriorating job situation finally undermines the dog optimism of America's consumers. In that case we'll need some decisive action action determined by what the economy needs, not by what Karl Rho thinks we'll play in the polls. How much chances there that will get it as Paul Cragman in today's New York Times. 1228 at 560WQM, you want to have a great feast this weekend. Don't forget on a weekend's now. They've got that fantastic, unbelievable stuff, surf and turf and less than King Crab and New York strip steak made it or at the Emerald Coast, Chinese buffet. And lots of other good stuff too. In fact, make a pitch up when you go to the Emerald Coast at that. Amazing thing. What does it call? It's the Asian grill, what's your Iraqi steak shrimp? What? It's the Asian grill. That's what they call it. You can call it whatever you want, but they got your Iraqi steak shrimp chicken seafood handcar per Emerald Coast to your order. They got a full salad bar, they got sushi, fresh shrimp cocktail. And if there's any room left at the end, after you try to all grade soups and on-phrase and salads and other goodies, they've got a dessert bar that'll knock your socks off. If you're not in the middle of the night's cake's pastry, ice cream and all your favorite toppings even fresh fruit. Three locations of the Emerald Coast Chinese buffet is the best in the universe. They're sunrise, pound out at a 44th street. Collins Avenue just north of 163rd North Miami Beach and Flamingo of Pembroke's and prestigious Pembroke Pines. Emerald Coast except reservations take out and deliver your available as well. So this weekend or any time head for the Emerald Coast Chinese buffet, you can call it at 9.545-723822 and don't forget surf and turf on a weekend. Including this weekend at the Emerald Coast. We're sports video 5C tour, UAM. Right, I am not an athlete. If you're a skater, watch the premises. You know that the forces, pulling the strings in the government are closing down and all those great websites. We've become a gusson too. Well, we still have the U.S. Postal Service to rely on. So now at the time, the join the Nazi of the month's club. For just 899 a month, you get the complete history of one prominent Nazi past for prison, the particular group T-hates and any subversive activity they may be planning. So no matter what the racial engineer ethnic group you hate, Nazi of the month is right up your alley. Just call 1-800-PNH order. Order today and get your very own synthetic enough must act to impress your friends absolutely free. That's 1-800-PNH order today. Okay, we certainly will. 33 at 560 WQAM. Somebody sends me a quote from Ed Alp Hitler. It says to clever and constant application of propaganda, people can be made to see prejudices held and the other way around. And you know something, I think I know somebody who's in hell, but he thinks he's in paradise. I'm could be wrong about that. I don't want to mention no names. Anyway, 1234 kind of starting to flip along that. I don't know. I was kind of like in a funk here earlier, and of course I read that story about 1220 there about our new, our whole new approach to the world. How we're like going to dominate the entire globe. I'm flabbergasted. And I kind of shook me out of my letter G, you know what I'm saying? I mean, I had read it before, like all the stuff I use on ear, but just articulating it, get the spinning the words out of my mouth. And listening to you like, ping in your pants over there, just, I don't know. I did more than ping my pants. Well, it wouldn't be a first for the day, and I'm sure not to last. Oh, it's bigger than that if you're taking a Thailand all, especially extra strength, but even like regular. It seems to me that several years ago, several, they were telling us about an extra strength, Thailand all if you take too much it's going to like damage your liver, maybe kill you. Several years. But to show you the power that these bastards have these drug companies, well, it's only taken until now that finally they're getting around to what's telling the public. Most current acetaminophen labels, burrow vague warning not to see the recommended dose. For extra strength, pills that means it's no more than eight every 24 hours. And approve it, I got a bottle right here of extra strength, Thailand, I wish I don't take anymore. And the dosage on the bottle, it says, one or two capsules every four hours as required is hazardous to exceed eight tablets per day. So, no, those of you took two every four hours, that would be eight. So, in other words, if nine would be bad, how good can eight be? You know what I'm saying? Not as bad. One leading manufacturer or a McGneal consumer, especially pharmaceuticals, has just changed the labels of Thailand, all its other acetaminophen products to say, over dose warning, taking more than the recommended dose overdose can cause serious health problems. And what does it say on this bottle here? It says, let me read the English, the French, I'm not too familiar with. And you do realize that everything here has to be an English handprint of course or else. Yeah, that's right. It is hazardous to a C-8 per. So, they just, yeah, it's like a verbiage thing. And they just play a little game with it. They just made a little stronger. Taking an overdose may cause, oh, I'm, they announced yesterday, it'll make it even stronger, taking an overdose may cause liver damage. In other words, they're starting to tell the truth is what it is. They're slowly but surely, in little teeny tiny writing. Only because I got a good eyesight can even read that print. Government advises yesterday recommended even more changes for every acetaminophen containing product, warning that taking more than recommended dose may cause liver damage, warning not to use other products that contain the acetaminophen because the dose adds up. And all of the almost 200 acetaminophen containing products should say, contains acetaminophen in large bowl type on the front of the bottle. So people don't taking one product, know which others to avoid. I'll tell you one thing, man, there's still a more guy than people, but what's different is it to make? When we take over the world, who now gives a crap, huh? We're going to have World War 3 and we're going to be the bad guys. Perfect. What a made sense. We know now it wasn't perfect sense. We know that it was. There's the guy to wrote the piece and news about how we've Christopher Dickie from Newsweek magazine, who were in his Dickies, about how we put who's seen in their first place and built them up and give. And they showed a little clip before Rumsfeld, you know, here. I'm hearing her mind gearing Rumsfeld a bit of shaking hands with Sodom, but the big smile on his post. All right, I'm told we do have a picture that meeting. I just told you about let's take a look at it briefly as we continue. Here we go. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. The time is gone. Hey, how you doing? You invited St. Michael Hidges. Sodom was very aggressive and confident. Was he sort of swept away by the charms of Sodom who's saying just saying that seems odd? He was not an illusion. He was a lot of Sodom who's saying. I think he knew perfectly well that Sodom was a murderous dog. I think he knew that Sodom had used poison gas in the war with Iran. I think he knew that Sodom had supported terrorists like Abundidog. That's so interesting. There's no one who's riding against any Arabs or Palestinians who wanted to make peace with his real. No, I don't think there were any illusions. There was just a decision that Sodom might be an SOB, but he could be the Americans SOB. There you go. What good timing, excellent. See, all the dictators, all these scumbags, as long as there are SOBs and dictators scumbags, then they're good guys, they're fine. And as soon as it becomes convenient, then all of a sudden we start to be warning and decrying, they're dangerous and look what they did and they gas their own people. Yeah, we got a gas for you, okay? Rummy. Iraqi forces moved to civilian areas speaking of that. Iraq has moved small numbers of military forces in the civilian areas and what's some kind of officials in Turbidazay precaution against a possible surprise US aerial attack official city yesterday. The officials to discuss the matter on condition event and the committee, of course. Said that a period of Iraq believes these forces would be spared in short notice US attack because of the high risk of civilian casualties. The dispersal of forces was not however in the large scale that Pentagon would expect to see if Iraq weren't participating in imminent American-Ukualition attack. The movement of forces was alluded to by Defense Secretary, Hermann Gearing Rumsfeld on Wednesday, although he casted in a different light. He said it indicated Iraq hoped to attract US attacks on civilian buildings, such as hospitals and schools in order to fan the flames of anti-Murcanism. There just masters that manipulating the press and putting out disinformation Rumsfeld told PBS's news hour would Jim Lairer, they're already moving military units and elements of the next to the mosque and extra hospitals and extra schools so they can claim that the coalition is done all these terrible things. It's an old pattern. How about that baby milk factory, too, huh? Get those signs out in English. Pray all or written. US officials claim to in the 91 Gulf War that Iraqi forces deliberately damaged mass and other cultural structures and then blamed it on American forces. This sounds of where it'll have. Well, there's a big fear that they'll just be chaos after Saddam goes. The country will break apart into two or three different pieces that the only way to avoid that may be for the United States to effectively occupy Iraq, which is a huge investment of time. Oh, you don't mean taking over those oil fields, do you? Huh? Is part of our new attempt for world domination? Seriously, that was one of the most fascistic things I've ever read in my life. Twenty-before-one, but hey, don't confuse the public with effects and of course those people need to hear that the most divisiveness in the Russia right now anyway. So, how about that? Hey, if you love your home, but you need more space here's the answer. What you need to be doing, do what hundreds of other people are doing, call strictly editions, whether you're having a baby need another room, maybe you're converting a carport or patio and living space, or maybe you're going into business for yourself and you want to make a home office for you. Well, just call strictly editions and let them do all the planning and all the work. There are your one-stop shop, more space for your place, place, with an absolutely positively worry for your approach to expanding your living space. Those no shows by the other contractors who've let you down in the past ain't going to happen. In complete work, no way Jose, no unexpected bills, no worries about the job not getting done right and they take care of every single, stinking last detail. They drop your blueprints to get the building permits handle all the inspections too. Strickly, this is got that easy five step approach to total customer satisfaction to make a new happy camper. Number one, they call the schedule a free project evaluation appointment at your home, where a project estimator will determine the scope of your addition. Number two, they schedule a bit of appointment in their convenience show, or where you'll get a detailed proposal and an exact price for the work. Number three, select your finishing touches, go to contract. Number four, review the dishonor contextual drugs and then last and certainly not least. Sit back with a smile on your push and relaxes, your dream edition moves ahead on schedule. With your traditions, you call it nine five four seven nine one, eighty one hundred. Check out their annual pages nine five four seventy nine. What is it seven nine one, eighty one hundred, like I said, their license to ensure professionals who care about the work they do and they do in a survival-powered and sound south Palm Beach counties. Call nine five four seven nine one, eighty one hundred and tell the old Neil podium to call strictly additions. Number one, you can look. This is sports when you're vice-ist. You weigh in. Man, bitch, I'm out. Kids, Bob Records, where kids sing along with popular songs. Now introduces kids, Bob Classic, 20 original modern day classic songs, the whole family can enjoy. You're kids convinced that these songs all day. They're songs that kids love. Yeah, job, you're fucking wild all year blind. But I was special. You're so fucking special. I can hire you and then Bob's a fool. The kids are fat. I'm a bitch, I'm a bitch, I'm a bitch. I'm a bitch, I'm a bitch, I'm a bitch. I can play the guitar like a mother fucking ride. Kids, Bob Classic, not available in any store. For a quarter today. Come forty five and five sixty, you're wk. I'm all of a sudden it's like we went into high gear once I read that article. You know what I'm like, like the sand, the sand is writing out of that hourglass. My MA jurors sense for leaks I should have mind on what I had time before we get a chance for this because it's been sitting here in my pile for a while. A former federal grand jury was sentenced to two and a half years in prison Wednesday for leaking information on an ecstasy drug reinvestiation before Adrian serves O.J. Simpson's home. See a week isn't complete without at least some kind of no-J story now. John Acosta who pleaded guilty in April to obstruct injustice will also have to serve three year supervised release and perform three and a hours of community service. Personal royalties must never be placed above civic responsibility or commitment to the common good, especially for a grand juror. U.S. District is Patricia A. Citeshead and Sensing Acosta. A grand juror is oath to secretaries one of the cornerstones of our system and any violation of it undermines the public trust and confidence in our judicial system. Said U.S. Attorney Marcos Daniel Jimenez. A religion to Jose. Acosta tipped a friend of the, that the friend's girlfriend, Sanada Galvez, have been charged last November 27 under a sealed indictment and that target locations in the sting included Simpson's home. And the home of defendant Andrew Anderson. Prosecutor said Galvez then told someone else in the case. Just days later on December 4th, search once were served at Simpson's Anderson's homes and agents found little or no evidence. Now we're beginning to understand why, huh? Yeah. Investigators targeted the Anderson in the probe alleging sales of more than 20,000 ecstasy tablets and F.B.R.A. agent testified at the Code of Fendance trial that Anderson supplied the party drug to the retired football star. Simpson is denied through the attorney received the drug he ain't been charged. Of course, all defendants in the ecstasy. I mean, you know, after your murder couple, people, what's the small potentials? Right. All defendants in the ecstasy case, plea to guilty, separate Toledo, how a developer who was acquitted after winning e-bottics to see for recreational use. And, yeah. Vienna, Austria. Animal lovers and horsemen are protesting a plan by Vienna's leaders to diaper carriage horsees in order to keep the city streets clean. Donning diapers themselves animal rights activists yesterday lined up at hero square in front of the former Imperial Hawkeburg palace to protest the plan. The protest is failing at the proposal meant to keep horse droppings from selling the streets of the historic capital would inflict unnecessary suffering on the animals. The diapers would restrict the horses' movement and would rub causing wounds, said it till a sermon. No relation to a tell of the hunt. A spokesman for four paws, the group that organized the protest, we had to hook them up with the pita people. You know what? Just rub it? Four paws. Some of the 20 activists who came out to protest inside by side with their rear's in the air. Dispel out their slogan. Stop. the rear's in the air to spell out their slogan, stop poobags. And the Yorker have the handsome caps. They have these things that catch the manure that's part of the harness arrangement. Why can't they use that? A crapper catcher. Right. The drivers of the traditional carriages who's rides through the city's historic downtown streets are popular with tourists. Said they too were opposed to the diapers. Members of the program and Greens party, also spoken out against the play noting that the bag-like diapers and prevent the horses from being able to flick away flies with their tails. The animal rights activist, Erd city officials, to try and instead to reduce the number of horse-drawn carriages and deploy more clean up teams armed with brooms and scoops to clean up the droppings. Like they do an Amsterdam man. I'll have a lot of horses in Amsterdam man. Got some cops on them horses. They also plan that the diapers would do nothing to fight the main source of horse-caused stench urine. Oh god. Gorgeous. So how about like a diaper for their? Happy pretty big diapers. So I got extra absorbent. Because those horses have got awfully big squirtsquirt members. Offly big. Okay. Here's how the pull is going so far. Our semi-anural religion, pull what religion are you now. Eric, even though I asked him. And then that's okay. I don't want to feel bad about he's just trying to be efficient after you've bitched the mouth this morning. But he fashioned me to result from the last time he did this was on March the 10th, which is about six months ago. Yeah. And I wasn't going to look at it till Monday because otherwise it kind of like taints your view of the, but I did. And it's pretty interesting as matter fact. But I'm not going to talk about the Monday. Okay. Which religion are you? Agnostic 108, atheist 94. So it put those two together like 44%. Catholic 84, Jewish 50, Protestant 40, wicked. See, we didn't have wicked on last time. We also didn't have Shinto. The wicked. I don't believe for a second 36. We have 36 wickens in the audience. Maybe six. Born again, Christians 15, 6, 10, Buddhist, six, Muslim, six, Shinto, five now. Joe was witnesses three. Mormon 2. We got a pair now. Scientologists, two Christian scientists, two and Hindu, be heaven one. One Hindu. Finally. Well, I'm so we got at least at least one on everything. And of course it'll be up there all weekend. And I also don't forget we got some links to some other good stuff on there. On our website, which makes it almost worth going to now, your rages.com. 10, 4, 1 in the mad dog on QAM. 10, 4, 1 in the mad dog. 10, 4, 1 in the mad dog. 10, 4, 1 in the mad dog. 10, 4, 1 in the mad dog. 10, 4, 1 in the mad dog. 10, 4, 1 in the mad dog. 10, 4, 1 in the mad dog. 10, 4, 1 in the mad dog. 10, 2 in the mad dog. wants that show between five and six. So glad I was in my pile and I almost forgot about this because a lot of people are very concerned about this about their cell phones and cancer and all that's all of these things. Aren't you concerned about that? Yes, very. Tumor. Stockholm Sweden. A review of cell phones studies commissioned by the Swedish radiation protection authority, which I didn't even know there was a Swedish radiation protection authority, but we do now, has found no consistent evidence of an increased risk of cancer from usage of cell phones agencies said. Studies have different armoured than the use of mobile phones that increases the risk of cancer as the handsets have become increasingly popular at efficient. The government agency asked Dr. John couple of doctors to evaluate published epidemiol. We don't have time. I know. To evaluate published research on the subject. The review looked at nine studies since 1996 that include factors such as type of phone, duration and frequency of use and brain tumor location and found that more research was needed. No consistent evidence was observed for increased risk of brain cancer or other forms of cancer. These scientists said in the review released Wednesday. The agency acknowledged public concern about the issue and said many studies were still being performed and continued follow-up was needed on any possible carcinogenic effect low-alink-to-mobile phone usage. You can never say that something is without risk, but at least we can say that there is no scientific evidence for a casual association between the use of cell phones and cancer said Lars Eric Paulson, a relation to course to Pat Paulson, a radiation expert within the agency. So, you believe it? Yeah, sure. Now, it sounded kind of like, I don't know. In other words, they don't have any positive proof, but they're still looking and don't don't be too cock-sure or so to speak. So, hold on, something will kill you before the brain tumor does. Right. That's right. Maybe the president, for example. We're not here. Listen, I don't want to stop. We got the weekend coming up. I want to be in a good mood. I'm fact I got that way back in my trash bag. I got that I throw it up into a million pieces. I don't want to see that story again. I don't want to hear those words again. What were to those? That's how Uber, allus, or whatever the hell that thing was? Because that would be very skeptical and unpaid periodic. And we shouldn't want to do that on this show. Do it. We don't want to be... I'll I can say is... Right. Okay, like I said, the mad dog is coming up next. I got news for, I think I'm Monday, I'm playing that one bit on the whole show, all four hours. Just for that. Just for that. Oh, don't, don't, don't. Hell of it. And then like I said, Hank three to seven. We got some Marlon crap tonight because we just can't get that season over. I can't even get any game to the Marlon game and overnight, good luck to you. Bye, bye, bye. The rest of the show, I'm five. I'm gonna kill you. I have my amin' for Marlon. I'm gonna kill you. I'm gonna kill you. You're listening to the best of WQAM online. We'll have you back to regular programming in just a few moments. But until then, here's Howard.